 What do you see in a mirror ? Perhaps the entire sweep of a lifetime , and associated memories . The reflected memories both happy and sad . Marco Polo has issued a disc of three works by Frenchman Vincent D'Indy spanning roughly fifteen years , and providing a musical glimpse of this man 's reflection on his varied memories.The earliest music is from KARADEC -LRB- 1892 -RRB- . Presented are three excerpts in the form of a `` petite suite '' . The prevailing mood is that of gentle nostalgia , although there are moments of heightened emotion . D'Indy made use of Breton folk material in the finale , which takes the form of a happy wedding celebration.The 1898 production of D'Indy 's theatrical work MEDEE marked the beginning of his newly founded Schola Cantorum for `` new French music '' . The influences of two composers , Wagner and Franck , are felt in this piece . The work contains six distinct scenes , and the composer explores his literary subject using subtle musical poetry.The final work on the disc is also the most personal , SOUVENIRS , of 1905 . While the other pieces so far comprise the composer 's `` working music '' by showcasing D'Indy 's skill at adapting folk and literary material , SOUVENIRS is D'Indy 's autobiography . There is a sense of sadness and of lost love in this creation , not surprising since the death of the composer 's wife inspired it . The music is wonderfully affecting , and recalls not only the composer 's suffering , but also much of his joy . He allows us to see and to smell the beautiful flower of his life before and after her passing.Conductor Gilles Nopre and his orchestra are up to the task of recreating the understated shades of this music . The unflashy but competent recording assists in providing a clear reflection of the composer . Recommended , especially for the earnestness of SOUVENIRS.-Peter S. Murano
 My kids -LRB- kindergarten & first grade -RRB- love the Songs 4 Life kids `` Light your World . '' The songs are easy to sing along with and the know many of the songs . I found the tempo a little repetitive but I was impressed with the kids ' ability to sing along .
 We have both Songs 4 Life Kids tapes that we played every time we went anywhere , even when there were no kids with us . Now we have a CD player and so we are getting the CD 's .
 We 've owned this set of CDs for a couple of months now and listen to them nearly any time we 're in the vehicle or when the kids -LRB- ages 6 & 4 -RRB- are in their rooms . They 're great positive religious songs that are easy for kids to learn . They 're definitely well worth the money , especially for a set of two !
 I just had to write and say how wonderful this CD is . The kids and I love it so much . As a matter of fact , I listen to it when the kids are n't even with me ! We have purchased it for all of our friends !
 My four year old is into thomas , thus these dvds are a hit with him . The price is very good for the product and it comes with two trains this makes and excellent gift .
 The best song on this is &#34; Reveille &#34; , about the sad history of the Cajuns in Canada . Richard 's voice conveys all the emotions so directly !
 Born Sandra Goodrich , she was discovered by Adam Faith and became Sandie Shaw . Sandie quickly established herself as one of the most important female singers of her generation , at least in Britain , between 1964 and 1967 . Sandie was best suited to up-tempo material and that is clearly reflected in this collection . If you are looking for soft , romantic love songs , look elsewhere.Sandie began her career with the Bacharach-David classic , Always something there to remind me . Taking the record to the very top of the UK charts , she knocked Roy Orbison -LRB- Oh pretty woman -RRB- off the top spot and remained there for three weeks , after which -LRB- curiously -RRB- Oh pretty woman returned to the top for one last week at the top.Chris Andrews -LRB- who had his own hit with Yesterday man -RRB- wrote all of Sandie 's subsequent hits prior to Puppet on a string , including her second UK number one -LRB- Long live love -RRB- and three other UK top ten hits -LRB- Girl do n't come , Message understood , Tomorrow -RRB- . By the beginning of 1967 , Sandie seemed to be fading fast , but she was then selected to represent Britain in the Eurovision song contest , which she won with Puppet on a string , written by Bill Martin and Phil Coulter . Sandie hated the song -LRB- so do I -RRB- but the public loved it and it became her third and last UK number one hit.Sandie only had one more UK top ten hit , Monsieur Dupont , a translated French song . It was the first of two hits that Sandie had in 1969 , after which it seemed that her career was over.Sandie made a surprise comeback in the eighties because some of that decade 's pop stars were fans of Sandie . Morrisey -LRB- then lead singer of the Smiths , who has since gone solo -RRB- was foremost among them . The Smiths had originally failed to make their own breakthrough with Hand in glove , but after making the big time with other songs , they provided the backing for Sandie 's cover of the song . The ensuing publicity helped it to become a UK top thirty hit . Sandie followed-up with a minor hit , a cover of Are you ready to be heartbroken -LRB- Lloyd Cole -RRB- . Apart from all the hits , this set includes Sandie 's covers of Those were the days -LRB- Mary Hopkin -RRB- , Rose garden -LRB- Joe South - later to become an international hit for Lynn Anderson -RRB- and Anyone who had a heart -LRB- an American hit for Dionne Warwick , a British hit for Cilla Black and a French hit for Petula Clark -RRB- . Also here is a single that completely missed the charts -LRB- Heaven knows I 'm missing him now -RRB- but which inspired Morrisey to write the Smiths hit , Heaven knows I 'm miserable now.This compilation contains everything that most people will ever want of Sandie 's music .
 Sandy Shaw was a black bobbed hair girl Beatle era early mid ' 60 's popstress that had a couple minor US hits , `` Something There to Remind Me '' , `` Girl Do n't Come '' , and was very popular in Europe , mostly due to a huge hit , `` Puppet on a String '' . This CD has all her best , most in stereo , and has gems like `` Had a Dream Last Night '' . She could have been Petula Clark with a bit o ' luck . Meanwhile , this CD is as pretty as she purring across the pond .
 If you love this repertoire -LRB- early C20 english music/cello -RRB- you ca n't go too far wrong with this lovely disc . The Ireland is quite well known , and deservedly , but the Moeran and Rubbra less well known . The neglect is undeserved , - the Rubbra is taut and cogent -LRB- as you 'd expect -RRB- and the Moeran is intimate and rhapsodic -LRB- as you 'd expect -RRB- . It -LRB- the Moeran -RRB- was written for Peers Coetmore , then the composer 's fiance , later his wife and dedicatee of Moeran 's absolutely superb cello concerto -LRB- her performance on an old Lyrita LP was one othe treasures of my vinyl collection -RRB- . Wallfisch is a champion of english cello music , usually on Chandos and sometimes on Naxos , and can be relied upon for at least fine playing , sometimes inspired -LRB- as on his Finzi recording for Chandos -RRB- . This is n't quite at the Finzi concerto level , and possibly reflects a little less familiarity with the pieces -LRB- ?? -RRB- but is certainly good , as is the sympathetic playing of john York . Nor is the recording quite at the level of some of Chandos ' cello recordings , although its certainly good.For those reasons and because the sonatas , whilst lovely , are slightly-less-than-top drawer compared to the very best works of all three composers , I 've gone for a curmudgeonly -LRB- and possibly mean -RRB- four stars rather than five for a disc of interest , distinction and reward . Recommended .
 If you love this repertoire -LRB- early C20 english music/cello -RRB- you ca n't go too far wrong with this lovely disc . The Ireland is quite well known , and deservedly , but the Moeran and Rubbra less well known . The neglect is undeserved , - the Rubbra is taut and cogent -LRB- as you 'd expect -RRB- and the Moeran is intimate and rhapsodic -LRB- as you 'd expect -RRB- . It -LRB- the Moeran -RRB- was written for Peers Coetmore , then the composer 's fiance , later his wife and dedicatee of Moeran 's absolutely superb cello concerto -LRB- her performance on an old Lyrita LP was one othe treasures of my vinyl collection -RRB- . Wallfisch is a champion of english cello music , usually on Chandos and sometimes on Naxos , and can be relied upon for at least fine playing , sometimes inspired -LRB- as on his Finzi recording for Chandos -RRB- . This is n't quite at the Finzi concerto level , and possibly reflects a little less familiarity with the pieces -LRB- ?? -RRB- but is certainly good , as is the sympathetic playing of john York . Nor is the recording quite at the level of some of Chandos ' cello recordings , although its certainly good.For those reasons and because the sonatas , whilst lovely , are slightly-less-than-top drawer compared to the very best works of all three composers , I 've gone for a curmudgeonly -LRB- and possibly mean -RRB- four stars rather than five for a disc of interest , distinction and reward . Recommended .
 If one were ahead of the pack and twenty years later the pack had caught up and stomped all over one 's then newly demarked turf , is one to blame and to be scorned as cliched by `` today 's standards '' ? Certainly not.The problem is , sometimes it happens . Hassell , Riley , Reich et al are usually in this situation . Now that their studies of non-Western music have been exploited and rampantly overused by anyone from hip-hoppers to electronica artist as well as avant-garders , their legacy is muddled by nay-sayers and not very knowledgeable folks . A shame indeed.Hence , the music of Hassel in Power Spot and Fourth World Music is what the latter day acolytes should be measured against , not viceversa.That said , the music itself is a thrill to experience for the first time -LRB- and well beyond -RRB- . Its use of microtonics , polyrhythms , etc puts to shame many a contemporary ripper-off , setting a standard that still has to be upped . Pure class !
 Jon Hassell was at the top of his form on this landmark CD . You 'll never hear anything like it . For the uninitiated , Jon Hassell plays the trumpet and was highly influenced by Brian Eno , Indian music , Miles Davis , and the minimalist school . He made a series of albums , including the landmark collaboration with Brian Eno , Fourth World
 Timeless , sublime , beautiful , otherworldly . Forget most of today 's derivitive , mixing hip hop , copy cat , -LSB- stuff -RSB- . This is the real thing . Hassell was there on Terry Riley 's original `` In C '' recording that changed music for all time . He 's the first trumpeter with a new sound since Miles . He 's deep into it , micro rhythms , polyphony , microtones , electronics everything . THERE IS NO ONE ELSE LIKE HIM . And this is arguably one of the best . Those who think Eno and his ilk invented alternative music should do a little more research , and find out who the real progenitors are .
 Could it be that this album was not previously available on CD ? Shame on the record company , because this , along with `` Dressing For Pleasure , '' is Hassell 's most accessible effort to date . It 's got the long , meditative meanderings for which we all love him , it 's got the explosive and rhythmic short pieces , and it has a confidence in its mission that is lacking in most `` New Age '' -LRB- sorry to use that term in reference to Hassell -RRB- efforts . Its sounds seem deeply rooted in the earth , yet transport the listener to staggering heights . I could rummage my mind for more hyperbolic phrases , but they would fall far short in describing the power of this album .
 Jon Hassell is an artist ahead of his time . The music was recorded in ' 83 - '84 but sounds as current and modern as any new music out today . I have a large number of Mr Hassell 's CD . Another winner for the collection .
 Jon Hassell if I am not wrong was highly influenced by Miles Davis and plays the muted trumpet like him . However he was also a collaborator of Brian Eno and you can really get the feeling of these influences on this spectacular record . An ambient classic !
 Emperor , Immortal , Old man 's child , Dark funeral . These are the bands that come to mind when I hear the melodic sound of naglfar 's Vittra . The transitions are mind boggling , you can hear the harmonies between guitars . This is a prize melodic black metal album , one that reaches new hights . The drum tracks are brutal while the vocals are ripping flesh !! This release is for any one who likes mature black metal !!! Live in the day , worship the darkness !!!
 I went into this disc expecting to be rather dissapointed . I could not have been more wrong . This album is excellent ! All the songs are well written and the production is very clear . I do n't even know what else to write . This album is one of the best I have listened to ... EVER ! Buy it !
 At last I found this release on Japanese import . This band originally signed up to the label WRONG AGAIN RECORDS for this release - although unfortunately they went bankrupt and getting hold of this cd has proved a nightmare worlwide due to very little printing!If you dont know NAGLFAR , they play blackened death metal in the typical Swedish variety -LRB- ie , like Dissection -RRB- . This group are a little different though , so they are not completely unoriginal . Most of the music is mid-paced , although fairly brutal with good growling vocals . The group have also added a couple of classical twists in their sound , and this is more thrashy sometimes than the usual stuff I hear!Overall this has very good material , although this can get a bit boring to listen to sometimes . I recommend that if you like the Swedish death/black scene , then buy this release , and the groups latest called DIABOLICAL - which I think is better!cheers !
 This is a rather difficult album to get hold of , but I think it is by far Naglfar 's best . It 's not exactly low-fi , but it lacks clear production of later albums , which is a good thing ; it still possesses that sort of ethereal muddiness that made the early black metal works so special . This is n't a perfect album ; one of Naglfar 's problems has always been repetitiveness , especially with the vocals . This album , however , is Naglfar 's most dynamic -LRB- esp . on `` Emerging From Her Weepings '' , which features some great death vocals courtesy of producer Peter T&auml;gtgren -RRB- . Highlights would be `` As the Twilight Gave Birth to the Night , '' `` Emerging From Her Weepings '' and one of my all-time favorite black metal tracks , `` Enslave the Astral Fortress . '' This track is amazing ; with great riffs and amazing melodies it comes off as one of the most mature black metal songs I 've heard .
 If you like death metal , then this is the C.D and band for you . They currently have 2 c.d 's out and if your lucky you can find the original demo tapes floating around . This is n't some cheesy little European death metal band , people of the underground are tuning in to what may soon become the next Dimmu Borgir .
 Nice Euro mix for a united states tour . For progressive fans this is a must have for the collection.Wish I was there ... not sure if the once a year concert is still happening .
 A very interesting compilation of wonderful performances , from several heavy duties of the prog rock scene in the 90s . The progfest was an amazing opportunity of enjoy our well beloved bands , old and new ! The John Wetton Band is at its best in this concert , and also are specially inspired the intervention of Spock 's Beard and Arena . The Flower Kings is always a great presence , and watching Le Orme after so many years , was a wonderful surprise.Thanks to the progfest ! To have the video is at least a good consolation for all of us who were not able to be there . Only problem is that you want to watch more of the performances !!
 A quiet and marvellously conceived composition by Gavin Bryars , whom I consider to be one of the best modern composers along with Arvo Part and Michael Nyman . Arditti Quartet with Alexander Balanescu is notable . One of the albums that create a unique atmosphere for the listener -LRB- Shall I compare thee to Arbour Zena ... -RRB-
 An interesting CD which gets better each time I listen . . Being used to the basic home grown Cajun style of four or five people standing around an echoey room , the ` Big -LRB- ish -RRB- band ' style of the CD came as a bit of a shock - initially somewhat disapointing . . But now , I love it !
 This is the first CD single from the terrific `` The Man Who '' album . This CD single , consisting of 5 songs , is 17 min . of pure pop bliss . `` Writing To Reach You '' is a tribute of sorts to Oasis , with the references to `` Wonderwall '' in the lyrics , and a with this awesome guitar lick kicking off the song . `` Green Behind The Ears '' is a great up-tempo song . `` Only Molly Knows '' is Fran Healy solo -LRB- think `` 20 '' -RRB- and one of the hidden tracks on the US version of `` The Man Who '' . `` Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah '' is a hard rocking singalong , along the lines of `` U16 Girls '' of their `` Good Feeling '' album . `` High As A Kite '' starts of with the band members chatting `` Get on with it '' in their best Scottish accent and then romps , just pure rock!Of all the CD singles from `` The Man Who '' , this is the best . Not only does it boast 5 songs , of which 3 are totally new to US audiences , but it demonstrates Travis at its best . By all means , if you like Travis , buy this !
 This EP is a must-own for any Travis fan . The single `` Writing to Reach You '' is brilliant -LRB- the riff about 2 minutes into it is just breathtaking ! -RRB- , and the b-sides do NOT disappoint . Each one could easily have been put on the regular release . `` Green Behind the Ears '' , `` Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah '' are great , driving rock songs . `` High as a Kite '' has more of a poppy , almost retro feel to it , somewhat of a departure for Travis , but definitely a fun song . And `` Only Molly Knows '' is a sweet , quieter song .
 All four of the b-sides on this album could 've appeared on `` The Man Who . '' I actually like a couple of them more than the single `` Writing to Reach You . '' `` Green Behind the Ears '' is a good pulsating rocker that also makes a good singalong song . `` Only Molly Knows '' -LRB- which was n't a hidden track on my copy of `` The Man Who '' -RRB- is a brillant acoustic endeavor that follows a unique song structure of repeating the name `` Molly '' twice in each verse . `` Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah '' sounds like a Beatles outtake , with Fran taking on the role of a `` Helter Skelter '' - esque Paul McCartney . Another great track . The last track , `` High as a Kite , '' is also exceptional in its call-and-response chorus.Believe me , even if you just own `` The Man Who , '' if you ever come across this single , get it ! A great single and four excellent b-sides ! What more could you ask for ?
 On 5/14/03 I bought Ketelbey 's Piano Music , volume 1 , and have considered buying volume 2 twice . I do n't know much about Rosemary Tuck except she does an excellent job bringing out the music heard in company with silent films . I may get a CD that has In a Persian Market next . This is worth a listen now and again when the now needs a lift .
 Distinguished American pianist Stephen Kovacevich is best known for his brilliant interpretations of Beethoven 's and Brahms ' works for solo piano and piano and orchestra -LRB- For example , his early 1970s Philips recordings of the Beethoven Piano Concertos are still highly regarded by fans and music critics alike . -RRB- . He is known not only for his intense technical brilliance , but also for his cantabile-like phrasing , at the keyboard . Much to my surprise he has n't honed these traits by offering some elegant Chopin recordings for most of his career . However , now Kovacevich has turned his attention once more to Chopin 's scores , offering a fine set of Chopin waltzes which are arranged chronologically by their probable dates of composition , not by their published opus numbers . He offers some finely nuanced , refined interpretations of these waltzes ; interpretations which can be compared favorably with those of the great Artur Rubinstein , whom Kovacevich acknowledges in the liner notes as an important source of inspiration in his interpretations of both Chopin 's and Ravel 's scores . Indeed , he acknowledges Rubinstein 's great love and affinity for these two sets of waltzes ; a sterling acknowledgement that comes across musically in Kovacevich 's own elegant performances of these works . Hopefully this is merely the first of a long-awaited series of new Chopin recordings from one of our finest contemporary pianists .
 This is a truly brilliant and splendidly played set of Chopin 's Waltzes , bettered only by those of Lipatti and Rubinstein . However , the sound on this set is much better if that 's your thing . I must admit that until recently the only Kovacevich material I owned was his Beethoven concertos . I have since discovered that he has a wealth of very fine recordings , from Grieg and Schumann 's concertos to the Diabelli Variations -LRB- 1968 -RRB- and Beethoven 's sonatas . So , thanks to this disc and the above mentioned , I 'll be checking more into his recordings from the 60 's and 70 's especially .
 This album is so brutal it 's scary . The new one is pretty heavy too , but I think this one stays much more on the hard-core tip . The only thing that sucks about Hatebreed now -LRB- which is n't their fault -RRB- are all the queer Ozzfest/LimpSuckit/Snot / etc. fans that are at the shows now . I saw Hatebreed a few months ago and those metal head-banging idiots ruined the show ... Hatebreed should get the money from those fools and ask fans what HC bands -LRB- not metal -RRB- they like before they 're allowed to come into shows . But they do cross the lines , this is n't straight HC like Sick of it all or Warzone , but they rock out . If you do n't have this album yet , you 're probably a Korn fan and do n't know about this scene , so buy it already !
 After touring both with Ozzfest and Sepultura , Hatebreed 's sophomore album , 1997 's `` Satisfaction is the Death of Desire , '' made it official
 I can sum this album up in one word , `` Brutal '' an ammazing album that I sugest any matalcore fan sould buy.If you have bought albums from `` Sepultura '' , `` Mushroomhead '' , or `` Chimaria '' this album is a must !
 IMO opinion the best hatebreed cd . perseverance leaned too far towards metal for my likes . but , what i 've heard off of the new one , it sounds like a return to their hardcore roots . definitely pick this up if you want to get into hatebreed . standout tracks
 I Purchased This Album About 2 Weeks Ago And It Really Rock The F. ... ing House !!!!!!! A Must Have For Every Metal Fan
 If the only music by Hatebreed that you know is `` Perseverance '' , then you should really give this a listen . `` Satisfaction is the Death of Desire '' became an instant indie classic when it was released in 1997 , and is still highly regearded today as one of the best pieces of music ever to be recorded by a hardcore band . Jamey Jasta 's death metal-esque growls are nearly ear shattering while the rhythm of guitarists Sean Martin and Lou Richards plus bassist Chris Beattie and then drummer Riggs Ross is so amazingly tight that you wo n't believe what your hearing . Songs like `` Burn the Lies '' , `` Conceived Through An Act of Violence '' , `` Puritan '' , and `` Last Breath '' are all great songs that will keep you headbanging , but the real surprise is Jasta 's lyrics which are actually thought provoking and meaningful and are all packed with raw emotion . That alone is what sets Hatebreed above every other hardcore band ; the raw emotion that fuels the band and helped them persevere through the tough life of being a band on the road . All in all , in a world plagued with bands like Korn , Creed , and Linkin Park -LRB- bands which are all devoid of any true emotion and just want to make a quick buck on all the depressed teens -RRB- , give a listen to this indie classic , you wo n't regret it .
 In practice with Hatebreed 's fast and hard ethic , I 'll just say that this group are VERY loud , VERY fast , VERY heavy , VERY repetitive , with VERY varied lyrics -LRB- switching from positive to negative in an instant -RRB- with a VERY toad-throated singer ... and VERY short with their album/track times . Everything about this group is very extreme.The fastest music since Napalm Death , no song is over 2:40 on this album . At all . The group do n't have much variety , instead relying on their shredding skill and pure power to carry the listener through . Both of which they succeed admirably on this album.If you want more info , check out my review of `` Perserverance '' . Which is even better than this one.Tracklisting :01 . Empty Promises . The intro to this pretty number is the best I 've ever heard . Just listen to it . The rest of the song is fast and furious , with only a breakdown at the end for padding .02 . Burn The Lies . Again , fast and furious , with a breakdown at the end , that 's made for moshing .03 . Before Dishonour . The closest you 'll get to `` radio-friendly '' with these guys , and it 's still very heavy indeed . Following a slower and groovier verse part , and a huge chorus -LRB- I will not be a victim ! -RRB- , that has a greater sense of singing along than nearly anything before it . The speed section lasts for another 30 seconds , and then back into verse and repeat . This is textbook hardcore , but the formula is executed flawlessly . And at the end , there is the stunning phrase , `` What I Have In My Heart , I 'll Take To My Grave ! `` Which is now my sole motto . Excellent .04 . Puritan . Another slow track . Methinks the group should have saved this till later on in the set , to stop staleness poking through , but hey , they 're the artists . The slower tracks are where the group operate best , because that 's when they 're not bound to the rulebook . The chorus , with the 1-2-3 ,1 -2 -3 riff is a wonderful hook . Erm , what else to say ? Mosh ? 05 . Conceived Through An Act Of Violence . This track starts slow too . In fact , that makes the slow ethic sound as boring as the fast ethic does by the end of this set . Thankfully , someone found out how to shred again , and they start playing fast again . This is rather dark too , cos it 's about rape , and that 's bad .06 . Afflicted Past . Rather plain , filler even , though the lyrics are standout -LRB- `` How can you face the world/When you ca n't face the mirror ? '' -RRB- . And it 's fast too , and has a breakdown . Again . That is all .07 . Prepare For War . Another fairly slow track . I find this rather dull also , and , in fact , the whole middle stretch drags down the disc as a whole .08 . Not One Truth . Finally , another track that combines good lyrics and a varying tempo . `` We 've lost the chance to save this dying world , so we pay the price that no one can avoid '' . Lyrically , rhyme is exchanged for impact , a lot like variety is exchanged for power on the set as a whole .09 . Betrayed By Life . And in contrast , it makes the faster tracks look dull in comparison . The breakdown here works very well indeed -LRB- and at this point it can mean the difference between a 6 and a 7 -RRB- . The drumming at the coda is notable too .10 . Mark My Words . One of my favourite tracks here , the shredding balancing brilliantly with `` Consider my suffering ! '' . Structure-wise , the song moves through 2 parts , fast , and an AWESOME breakdown , with a fantastic scream from Jamie Jasta ... 11 . Last Breath . Fast again , sigh , but it 's only 90 seconds long , so that 's forgivable . But it has a double-kick intro , so that 's plus points in my book .12 . Burial For The Living . Some varying riffing drives this track , and it 's fast , AGAIN . It 's getting pretty lame , this textbook hardcore formula , though a well placed piece of shredding hidden in the end parts breaks up the monotony .13 . Worlds Apart . The feedback-laden intro leads into a boring - yes , boring - verse part - but the breakdown that closes this track -LRB- 2 minutes long -RRB- is exceptional . ... 14 . Driven By Suffering . The Slayer-esque intro leads us into the end ...
 Wow , this album has been long awaited from anyone who calls themselves a Hatebreed fan !! I 've been listening to every track over and over again for about a week now . It always amazes me how some bands can dish out music that is so much harder and heavier than any of the other bands in their genre , and make it seems so easy !! I really think that in time , these guys are going to rise to the Slayer status , especially with the upcoming tour . From track one to the end , these guys have really captured the anger that so many of us can relate to ... when I listen to this album I feel such a release ... if you have n't at least listened to some of the tracks I would say waste no time , your really missing out if your into stuff like Pantera , Slayer , and all the other hardcore bands . And more about this amazing group , you should also try and check out one of their live shows , wow . These guys are just as hard on stage , which goes to show that they are for real ... not some studio creation . And the size and adrenaline of their pits ... man do they have a following . I would say the live shows are the best ... the next best thing ... the album ... definitely a must for any Hard Rock Monster !
 The only reason that I did n't give this a 5 star rating is that many of the songs on here are old ones that were re-recorded for ths album . I hate it when a band does that . Anyway , when this came out it changed the face of hardcore and spawned a ton of bands that imitated Hatebreed 's sound . For anyone who has n't heard them before , there is a definite Sepultura and Obituary influence , along with traditional hardcore bands . No one will ever accuse them of writing deep , philosophical lyrics , but that is n't a bad thing . They are straight-to-the-point , and there is no confusion in the message . My suggestion would be to pick this disc up and burn all of the `` nu metal '' cd 's that may be lurking in your collection -LRB- you know what ones I 'm talking about -RRB- . P.S.
 Hatebreed is a brutal , hardcore band ... though it isnt death metal hardcore . . thank god !! Anyway ... Hatebreed is a good band that can distinguish themselves out of all the nu-metal stuff . Even though i do like alot of that nu-metal stuff ... this is a breath of fresh air I like to listen to sometimes when Im angry or getting hyped up for something , though their songs kinda have the same song structures it seems , and rather short , i still like this CD quite a bit . My favorite song is . . Not One Truth . . though others are in a close second . Anyway ... hardcore lovers should check this CD out .
 from the fire deep within hell , Hatebreed formed . possibly on of the best hardcore bands out there has to be Hatebreed . a favorite song of mine has to be `` before dishonor '' . overall , this album is for you if you like sam black church , cannibal corpse , machine head , or slipknot .
 HATEBREED is , by definition , the best damn thing to happen to Hardcore . A devout member of the Connecticut Hardcore scene since I was 11 years old , I have followed HATEBREED from the beginning when they played on skate ramps in Bristol , CT to when they began touring the world . Jamey Jasta is a workhorse , as are the rest of the band . Their brutal songs transcend the limits of heaviness and deliver a well-deserved crush to the skull . Wake up world -- Connecticut 's HATEBREED has come to dominate !
 From a female hardcore lovers point of view
 From a female hardcore lovers point of view - I just have to say that Hatebreed is the epitome of raw , emotional music . This is by far one of the best Hardcore albums I 've heard . The message that the music and lyrics deliver is intense ! It makes me conscious of where I am with myself and others . Hatebreed gives it with full force ! I would love to personally thank the band for this album . It 's amazing ! Has the ability to bring one to the emotional edge and back .
 I read a reveiw on here from a customer named xtestosteronexsupplimentsx and he seemed to think that Hatebreed stole their sound from such non-hardcore bands as Slipknot and others . Well , seeing that Hatebreed was formed in the early 90 's I do n't see how that could be . Sorry man , but you just do n't know . Hatebreed is a brutal hardcore band with in-your-face hard hitting riffs and relentless vocals . I love the music of Hatebreed . Being a Christian I do find some of their lyrics confrontational but the music is great . It can get a bit repetative but nonetheless good . This band is for those who enjoy true hardcore , not what has recently been attributed as hardcore -LRB- for example bands like Korn , Slipknot , Kid Rock ... these are pop bands that are very heavy ... not hardcore bands . hardcore is different -RRB- . If you have any comments just write me an e-mail .
 I 'll keep this short , since you do n't need much explaination . This album slams harder than just about any other . You 'll listen to it all the way through at max volume . It will absolutly blow your mind . If it does n't , check your pulse ...
 I bought this cd when it first came out . It has not left my cd player yet . The only problem is that it 's kinda short . But I can deal with that because it 's heavy . The bigger problem is that I have n't heard of them touring . I hope they do !
 This album is the very definition of metalcore.Very heavy songs , filled with anger and pain.I give it 4 stars because I think some lyrics could 've been improved , and some songs sound the same , But It 's suerely a good album . Worlds apart is my favourite song .
 THis cd is the best hard/death core cd of all time . THis cd is fast , heavy , and full of meaning . THis cd is not for the weak hearted .
 This album is really good , the only problem is it 's short -LRB- I mean the running time of the disc for a 14 track thing -RRB- But it 's worth it ... the opening track to the last track will make u beg for more.This album is really good ... and Jaime reminds me of Max Cavalera in the `` Beneath the remains/Arise days '' when he sings ... The songs are brutal from start to finnish ... so please for the love of GOD ... B U Y THIS ALBUM !!!! YES NOW !!! U WO N'T REGRET BUYING IT .
 After listening to Hatebreed I thought that they were just another metal band manufacturing riffs but after listening to this and the other albums they lyrically talented i even got the chance to see them live and their stage presence blew me away everyone in the room went crazy and such a great atmosphere . As for this album its definatly my favourite.From literally no promotion they sold over 200,000 copies of their album so they got ta be doing something right . This band is anything but mainstream .
 Hatebreed 's first semi-major label full length release , `` Satisfaction is the Death of Desire '' is one of the most fulfilling hardcore albums in recent memory . The songs are simple and the lyrics are straightforward ; no one could consider Hatebreed to musically or lyrically profound . But the content of the album showcases a strong sense of rhythmic power and dead-on aggressive styling . There can be little doubt as to the emotions conveyed through the lyrics or the music
 -LSB- ... -RSB- . Hatebreed is n't death metal . They 're straight in your face hardcore mixed with the brutality of metal , a winning combination . Come on , who could not love the brutality Jamey Jasta and gang deliver straight towards your face ? I 'm sure you 've never heard of Hatebreed in 1997 , unless you 're a hardcore fan . I was only 9 years old at that time , so I have an excuse . `` Before Dishonor '' brings the guitar work of Sepultura mixed in with the hardcore tinges of Warzone and Earth Crisis , without the straight edge stuff -LRB- I think drugs are wicked . They took the lives of such great people , like Chris Farley , Brad Nowell and Layne Staley -RRB- . `` Before Dishonor '' has Jamey 's vocals a tad bit deeper than on his new stuff , but it 's still great . Slightly better . -LRB- I still love Hatebreed . -RRB- `` Last Breath '' is another classic , even though it 's only a minute and a half long . It still delivers right to your ears . It 's just that great . The whole freakin ' CD is awesome . What are you waiting for ? Get off you ass and buy it !
 `` Satisfaction ... '' is one of the finest Hardcore albums ever produced , and it IS Hardcore . Not metal , not metal-core ... you can get away with calling it Thrash if you 're REALLY high , but when you get right down to the nitty gritty , its Hardcore , full of piss and vinegar . Bands like this and Blood for Blood , Strife , etc , get a bad rap for writing too mufch about what they hate . I guess using music as an outlet for what concerns you , and what things in life bring you and those you love down should only be left to pre-Vietnam era Blues and late 80s-early 90s era Rap then , because alot of those artists do the same thing , just in a different medium . None are all that bright and smiley , and often they tend to consit of alot of negative views , but sometimes the world just is n't that bright . Hatebreed just so happens to deliver this style of Hate Edge Hardcore faster , louder , and in many ways better than most of their peers . This is one of the greatest Hardcore albums I 've ever heard .
 This album has stayed in my rotation since the day I bought it . Any fan of hardcore or metal should pick this album up . These are the most hard working guys in the metal/hardcore world , always touring . If they are not you can catch their lead singer -LRB- Jamey Jasta -RRB- on album such as E-Town Concrete 's `` The Renaissance '' , Napalm Deaths new ablum due out next year or even producing album such as the new Agnostic Front `` Another Voice '' . If you like breakdowns and great positive lyrics you 'll love thisP.S . Dont listen to the reviews that call this album punk hatebreed is not punk or anything near it , they are a blend of hardcore and metal
 Ah the memories ... . getting my head stopped on by a crowd of crazed adrenaline charged moshers ... those were the good ol days . I remember the NYC hardcore scene back in the early-mid 90s ... bands like Madball , Bulldoze , 25 to life , Dog Eat Dog -LRB- to name a few -RRB- dominated the scene . Music has turned many different corners since then . It 's always nice to pull out this Hatebreed CD -LRB- or Mp3s now -RRB- and listen to one of the finest examples of east coast hardcore . Put it on and crank it up !
 I 've heard a lot of very hard bands in my day , but few are able to produce the raw emotion and sound of Hatebreed . If you are looking for an album to get pumped up to , whether it be working out or preparing for a sporting event , this is one to add to your collection . The album 's only faults are its short length and some of the songs sound too much alike .
 HATEBREED IS NOT FOR THE FEIBILE MINDED OR WEAK OF HEART ! This is a band that all hardcore bands should aspire to be ! Jammie Jasta has some damn powerful vocals , and refuses to go unheard ! This does n't claim to be hardcore like Limp Bizkit -LRB- who are as hardcore as Britney Spears -RRB- It EMBODYS HARDCORE ! Absloutly Brutal !
 Hatebreed is just simply awesome . This was the first Hatebreed cd I ever bougt . They really do have an awesome debut album . It 's filled with great guitar and bass riffs and the vocals are just out of this world . I did n't really like this cd at first because of how it only lasted for 25 minutes !! I worked past it though . I grew to like this more and more every time I listened to it . Hatebreed grew to be one of my favorite thrash metal bands . This cd is heavy , loud , fast , and extremely brutal ! I highly recomend this cd to any fan of brutal metal .
 Talk about some hardcore , hard and fast , man the singer has a killer sound . Its a fast record.so go out and buy it . . listen to it enjoy it . .
 Hatebreed is one of the most intense and uncomprimising figures in the world of popular Hardcore . This album shows a more intense version of Hatebreed than seen on Preverence and Rise of Brutality , and is a must for any fan of this amazing metal group.Tracks like `` Empty Promises '' , `` Prepare for War '' , and `` Last Breath '' are filled with angry , pissed off lyrics about the hypocracy of religion and society.This is definately a must have for Hardcore fans everywhere .
 This has to be one of the best albums ever . This album is 26 minutes of pure hardcore fury ! Hatebreed is one of the all time best live bands I have seen them live three times and they get better every time I see them . Every single song on this CD is a classic . My top 3 personal favorites are `` Burn the Lies '' , `` Concieved through an act of Violence '' , and `` Betrayed by Life '' ... A must have for any metal/hardcore fan .
 Now this is what heavy music is all about kiddies . Amazing grooves , bashing drums , Guitars that cut like razors and lyrics that are deep and meaningful . If you like 90s metal you can not go wrong with this album . While other bands are trying to keep up with the major label sounds of Limp Bizket and Korn these guys are eclipsing the standard . Lead singer Jamie Jastas lyrics are excellent you want see this guy clownin on your tv set doin it for nookie . This man sings about real life and real issues . The guitar sound is to as heavy as Crowbars bassists left but cheek it sounds like 10 marshall stacks . I think you get my drift order this CD now you will not be dissapointed . I give this 5 stars .
 Hatebreed is n't a modern `` sell-out '' wannabe hardcore band . These guys are alsome and i suggest them to any hc fan ...
 This cd is awesome ! It is very heavy , it makes me want to bang my head into a wall ! The only problem is the cd is too short .
 Im ussualy into something much more brutal & insane & gore then the likes of hatebreed but i ca n't deny tha fact that i enjoy their music alot ! I seen this guys at ozzfest & i did enjoy their performance alot & i just like how their music attracts all kinds of people ... Some how that makes me like them even more ! I quess that 's hatebreed for you ! Okay , hatebreed 's new album `` rise of brutaly '' as well as the one before that `` perseverance '' are also pretty amazing in itslef ... Support hatebreed!PS
 Wow !!! Just insane and just how I like it . NO rapping . No singing . No slow parts !!!!! It is short but it still well worth it !!! Closest thing to what they sound like is probably Soulfly . EVERY SINGLE TRACK IS GOOD !!! I cant even say that about Slipknot ! Although , Slipknot is the best band out there . Another band to check out is Mudvayne !!
 the opening song on the cd starts the war and it never stops from there . The 3rd song `` Before Dishonor '' is the anthem for the hardcore genre . If your vein of music is heavy guitars and breakdowns that brake barriers -LRB- literally at tatoo the earth , cleveland -RRB- then hatebreed is your band . jamey 's voice and the unstoppable two guitar setup blend together well . Hatebreed live just proves that they are on a quest . They 're also very nice and respectful to their fans . pickup satisfaction and get ready for their 3rd album .
 Wow ! Usually when I go buy a heavy metal cd , it is filled with some kind of turntable scratch or rapping somewhere . Not this one . Imagine Sepultura -LRB- Chaos A.D. era -RRB- mixed with Crowbar . Thats what I hear . In your face riffs mixed with some powerfull vocals . Think of that Sepultura song `` Nomad '' when listening to the first few tracks , they have that same chugging feel . Long live REAL metal !
 Hatebreed album Satifaction is the Death of Desire has to be one of the all time best albums I have ever heard . I list to a lot of hardcore and and this album never comes out of my disc changer . If you are looking for strong lyrics , strong music , and an awsome groove that you and your friends can kill each other to , buy this and never stop listening to it .
 hatebreed is one of the best hardcore bands around ! jamey jasta has the best voice for the hardcore scene ! it 's the best !
 Hatebreed -LRB- CONNECTICUT HARDCORE !!!!! -RRB- is amazing except for the less that spectacular drumming . Hatebreed now has a new drummer however -LRB- Woohoo ! -RRB- , so they 're now unstopable .
 This does n't mean its bad , its simply mainstream . I mean , they dont bother tagging those on unless it is a widely known band . Hatebreed are not fanpleasers , great live , and have strangely undertstandable vox on this album . They 've got the emotion many bands with the same formula lack , and thats what set them apart from others . They 've got the feeling of hxc and the temps of mxc . It 's not so much a blend of the two , but their own interpretation of both . This is beyond mediocre , but its not going to blow you away . They have more talent but this is the sound they like and their slight maturing of their sound is what keeps them going strong . This is what people see as a defining album , but its nothing of the sort , it simply excels at what its set out for . Breakdowns designed for the mosh it seems , if you get into it .
 All you bro 's and new jacks can just go back to listening to avenged sevenfold and atreyu . this cd is not for you . you wont understand it , never will . 1997 was an amazing year for hardcore , and this cd was a great contribution to it . this cd is far from seconhand music , its probably one of the best hardcore cds ever made . if you dont like this cd , its because you dont understand what hardcore music is about . so dont expect 8 minute long type o negative style useless music here . most hardcore bands out today try to imitate this , but will never be able to achieve what it has done . its truely a classic the realm of hardcore . it stands the test of time , and it always will . most people dont realize what the hardcore scene was like 7 years ago , and how much of an impact this cd had on the world . instead they listen to all the second rate recycled hardcore bands that rise out today and think they know what hardcore music is all about . you dont . go back to hxcmp3.com and do a search for as i lay dying or underoath , this cd doesnot pertain to you .
 dont listen to all of these people who only listen to bands like lamb of god because they think that they are depressed while they are really just middle class white kids posing as hardcore fans . hatebreed is music for anyone who likes solid metal . their lyrics are inspiring while at times just angry . if you really like metal you should give this cd at least a listen . download a few of the songs and if you dont like it then you should not be listening to metal at all .
 Given Hatebreeds ' climatic rise into MTV2 fame with Perserverance and The rise of Brutality , it 's an amazing difference from Satisfaction is the death of desire . Some of the biggest breakdowns ever recorded are here , and the whole album sticks with you , unlike some of the tracks on Perserverance . Must hear songs include : burn the lies , our last breathe , puritan , worlds apart , not one truth , betrayed by life and the rest basically . Anybody who 's into metal/hardcore/metalcore , etc even into rock music should pick this up .
 Hatebreed are the perfect mix of metal and hardcore . The passion and hate in the vocals is what drives the force of the excellent breakdowns over the edge ... One of the most inredible live acts I have seen . However , most people do not know that half the riffs on this album are mosh riffs that death metal bands did years ago to a much smaller audience ... but then very few bands are original in this scene
 two words
 The first that comes to mind when playing this album , is the utter ferocity of the music , this is a band that does not play around , these gentlemen are angry and they want you to hear it in their music . This is the perfect kind of music to play when having a bad day at the office , or at home . There is not one weak song here at all , from the beginning track Empty Promises to the final Driven by Suffering it 's an album that will slam your head to the back of your wall .
 I first heard track three on a Victory Style III CD and was blown away by the song . Then I was blown away by the album . This album has elements of Punk , Hardcore , and even metal all mixed together , creating a vortex of ecstacy . This is a must buy .
 The straight foward and unbeatable beat to this album got it a five star rating . Strong vocals and the beating double bass make the CD hard to beat
 They are no doubt talented in their genre of music . Very fast paced music as always , this CD is full of hardcore guitar riffs . I ca n't help but to always picture a crazy mosh pit involved in every one of their songs . If I were to choose a single song to decide whether or not to buy this CD , I would pick the song `` Last Breath '' . Some good metal . Rhapsody categorized this album as well as Hatebreed in general under `` Metalcore '' . Remember that if you are going to buy this album , this is Hatebreed so expect a whole lotta screaming . Hatebreed to me is the official `` head banging , mosh pit '' band of today , and this album definitely shows it . It even comes with a poetic title .
 All I can say is : GET THIS ALBUM NOW !!!!!!! If you like this album I recommend Premonitions of War , As I Lay Dying , Between The Buried And Me , Himsa , and From Autumn To Ashes .
 People call themselves a huge Hatebreed fan , but they do n't have this , let alone the fact that they have probably never heard any of the 25 minutes of brutality that is Hatebreed 's indie-debut . I wo n't say their new stuff sucks -LRB- it rocks -RRB- , but this is even better . Go down to a Newbury comics or somewhere where you can find some great underground metal and check it out , especially if you like Perseverance or Rise Of Brutality .
 This is hardcore . Forget crap like Limp Bizkit , Korn , and Slipknot . This band has the attitude , the style , and everything else lacking in the nu-metal guys that are appearing everywhere . I havent heard a hardcore classic like this since Snapcase on Progression through Unlearning . While I personally feel Snapcase is a little better , Hatebreed is definitely a band that Im going to continue to love in later years . The opening track begins with some wicked drums and riffage , and once I heard Jamie 's voice I knew this was going to be a band worth remembering . Its not the same IHATEMYLIFE bantering found on Slipknot and other bands , this is seriously pissed off music that moves you with the emotion felt throughout . Basically , its worth every penny you spend .
 Good to see the hometown boys make good ...
 Look , I wont get into the whole growing up on the streets , friends , family , blood and unity aspect of hardcore followers . Lets talk the music . And let me make my point very quick also . Hardcore = brutal dynamics , lyrics and vocals . This album since I bought it in 1997 , will never lose its raw strength and intensity . If you live on either coast of the US , god bless ya . You know what a hXc show is about . When a breakdown drops and you see kids trample eachother to grab the mic , kids throw roundhouse kicks and kids pulling out their hair because they dont know what to do with the energy that Hatebreed just instilled in them , then you know what I mean . Folks , everyone will feel this music differently . If your driving in your car and want to bob your head to a speedy metal/punk beat then be forced to the edge of your seat by the buildup to a brutal breakdown then be crushed by an incoming 18 wheeler , go see Hatebreed . Oh , yeah , then the violent breakdown comes .
 Many times i have seen this album cover and told myself '' they look like a `` bad '' punk band '' boy was i wrong ? Yes , very darn wrong ! The reason i used to think they were a punk band it 's cause i had never seen them any where and i actullie support every local , underground , and , upcoming band there is ... Weather its grincore , blackmetal , thrash , death , metalcore , hardcore , emocore and , punkrock and i never heard about hatebreed ? but upon buying hatebreed 's `` satisfaction is the death of desire '' i found myself to be very happy and proud at the fact that i own something that sounds agressive and intense as hatebreed 's `` satisfaction is the death of desire '' not only is this disc worth own it but also here you have great , great political subjects ! As for a fav song ? mmm i 'll go with `` last breath '' those riffs are just fantastic !! Peace son !
 Between this album and Perseverance , I 'm gon na give the lead to Satisfaction , due to it 's brutality , but accessibility in comparison . Perseverance is a behemoth of an album , in all honesty can be a bit difficult to hear all the way through . Do n't get me wrong , it 's # 2 in my cd player rotation and I 'd recommend it to my grandma , but Satisfaction takes a more structured approach in their comparitively short songs . A bit easier to digest in its song structure , a little bit less pounding , but still raging , is this album . I do n't see these albums hitting the used bin at all . This is a great introduction to this already well-known to the right people -LRB- thankfully -RRB- band . The lyrics are very easy to relate to , the lyrics are very honest and you can see where they are coming from with each song . Ca n't go wrong with this band .
 This is one of the best Hardcore albums I have heard in a while . I 'm really expecting great things from these guys . I agree with another reviewer who said with most Hardcore albums , only a few tracks can successfully hold your interest before the repetitiveness of the music just becomes irritating . Hatebreed is an entirely different case . These guys do an excellent job in making the music interesting and extremely creative , while holding to the dark heavy tones of Hardcore Thrash Metal !! I just recently saw these guys at the Palace in Hollywood , what an amazing live performance . The first thing I noticed was that I was not alone in my love for this band ... the place was packed with fans , and the pit was deadly !! I remember hearing the security guard screaming `` NO MORE PEOPLE DOWNSTAIRS . . UP TO THE BALCONY !! '' It 's hard to control a mob of Hatebreed fanatics ! I 'm especially looking forward tot he upcoming tour with Slayer ... man if you do n't have this album get it soon ... these guys got it !!!
 One word
 In a musical genre that is very often misinterpreted there 's always a band that sticks out like a sore thumb . This band is Hatebreed . Hatebreed is Connecticut hardcore at its finest , mixing the violent vocals and stunning lyrics that hardcore kids around the country are listening to . Hatebreed consists of Jamey Jasta on vocals , Sean Martin and Lou Richards on guitar , and Chris Beattie on bass . For this album Riggs Ross was on drums , but he is no longer with the band.Hatebreed is the kind of band that has an amazing CD , and an ever better live show . When you listen to the songs , they 're just the kind that get you going - whether it be the lyrics , hard guitar riffs or the double bass . Their live show is such that a pit starts in the first song and grows until the end of the set . Without a doubt , I would name Satisfaction is the Death of Desire as the best hardcore CD of the past decade . Their most recent tour was Ozzfest 2001 , and you can hear a live version of Last Breath on the Ozzfest 2001 CD . I have listened to this CD for about a year now , and still have it in my car along with their other CD
 In a musical genre that is very often misinterpreted there 's always a band that sticks out like a sore thumb . This band is Hatebreed . Hatebreed is Connecticut hardcore at its finest , mixing the violent vocals and stunning lyrics that hardcore kids around the country are listening to . Hatebreed consists of Jamey Jasta on vocals , Sean Martin and Lou Richards on guitar , and Chris Beattie on bass . For this album Riggs Ross was on drums , but he is no longer with the band.Hatebreed is the kind of band that has an amazing CD , and an ever better live show . When you listen to the songs , they 're just the kind that get you going - whether it be the lyrics , hard guitar riffs or the double bass . Their live show is such that a pit starts in the first song and grows until the end of the set . Without a doubt , I would name Satisfaction is the Death of Desire as the best hardcore CD of the past decade . Their most recent tour was Ozzfest 2001 , and you can hear a live version of Last Breath on the Ozzfest 2001 CD . I have listened to this CD for about a year now , and still have it in my car along with their other CD
 Hatebreed is brutal and good at it . Though maybe not as technical The Dillinger Escape Plan or Meshuggha , they get to the point in their songs and are heavy and hard the whole was through . Anyway ... Hatebreed is a good band that can distinguish themselves out of all the Nu Metal stuff . -LRB- Hopefully more and more bands will do that -RRB- . The guitars throw out some good metal riffs , and the lyrics and vocals are harsh and to the point . If Hatebreed keeps it up they can be one of the better hardcore bands out there ... If you like Hatebreed check out Cave-In , Meshuggha , Poison The Well , Coalesce , Converge , Snapcase , Zao , God Forbid , etc. . All in all a good hardcore album that is worth some of your money .
 This CD works wonders on people . If I had to fight Mike Tyson , I would make sure to have this CD with me before the fight . This CD is sick . My dog likes it , too .
 I 've always considered Betty Hutton something of a novelty act -- gesticulating , face-pulling , and only incidentally singing -LRB- and often yelling -RRB- a series of jivey up-tempo numbers in a brassy -LRB- if not particularly distinctive -RRB- voice . And while I pretty much stand by that assessment , this collection of mid-1940s Columbia sides proves that when called upon , the late Ms. Hutton could put over a ballad ; if not with the best of them -LRB- Judy Garland this ai n't -RRB- , certainly with the rest of them . Ms. Hutton 's more famous songs -- `` Murder He Says '' and `` It 's Oh So Quiet '' -LRB- the latter given a new lease on life by Bjork 's 1995 cover -RRB- are absent . But there 's plenty of boistrous novelty numbers here -- among the best , Frank Loesser 's `` Hamlet '' -LRB- the Shakespeare classic condensed to two minutes and 49 seconds of slang lyrics and brass -RRB- , and `` His Rocking Horse Ran Away '' , the rapid-fire lament of an overworked , overwrought mother of a mischievous little boy . The pleasant surprise here is the relative tastefulness with which Ms. Hutton croons `` It Had to Be You '' and `` I Wish I Did n't Love You So '' . A particular treat for me is what I assume is the original version of `` Stuff Like That There '' , covered by Bette Midler in her 1991 film `` For the Boys '' . This collection has n't turned me into a hard-core Betty Hutton fan ; but it 's definitely a fun listen .
 This is `` Once upon a time '' music from central America . Themes that are folk-inspired , and arrangements that echo late impressionism , Sviridov , and even Stravinsky . Haunting , brutal , meditative . Music for the proverbial quest , mixed with scenes of pagan splendour . I could n't ask for more .
 I suspect even ardent fans of the obscure will struggle to come up with a handful of names of Guatemalan composer . In any case , Ricardo Castillo -LRB- 1891-1966 -RRB- is a composer worthy of note ; in fact , on the evidence of the works on this disc , he deserves much more attention than he has received - not as striking , perhaps , as Chavez or Revueltas , but striking enough not to sound quite like anything else . The music here stems from the last two decades of Castillo 's life , and show awareness of contemporary trends as well as commitment to the folk lore and folk music of his native country . The music is colorful and excellently scored ; Castillo might not have been an expert when it comes to structure , and the music too often relies on repetition and momentum through accumulation . Nevertheless , it is too colorful and effective to manage to become boring.The symphonic poem La doncella Ixquic , the oldest work here , is colorful and magical , but is the work in which the lack of an interesting structure tends to make it outstay its welcome somewhat . The rhapsody Estelas de Tika is , on the other hand , a very effective work of color and urgency . The incidental music for Quiche Achi is dark and threatening , but seems to be little more than a study for the main work - the ballet Pa&aacute;l Kab&aacute; . Pa&aacute;l Kab&aacute; does n't , stylistically , shake off its reminiscences of the Rite of Spring , but is an evocative force of strong themes and elemental forces thumping and wailing around in magical half-lights , with some surging dance moments - stirring stuff , and a must for lovers of Revueltas and Chavez . The Abstracci&oacute;n and the Instantaneas Plasticas are more experimental , heavily chromatic , even atonal but also less dependent on repetition ; the latter is fragmentary but colorfully pictorial , the former a little vague and amorphous -LRB- it was apparently completed from the composer 's sketches by Almeida -RRB- . The performances are n't super-refined -LRB- some questionable intonation in the brass , for instance -RRB- , but they are generally more than satisfactory , and Almeida clearly has the measure of this evocative and elementally forceful music . The recorded sound is clear and with perspective . Overall , this is a very recommendable release and almost a must to the more adventuresome .
 If you ca n't find the Challenge Album Collection 2 CD set on One Way or if you have it and want a best of comp that is mainly from the material on the albums , this is a great single disc that is mainly culled from the album collection except for 10 additional songs including their versions of Istanbul , Rebel Rouser , La Cucaracha to name a few . The songs that appear on this disc culled from the album collection are the cream of the crop when it comes the Champs and as such , this earns 5 stars . If I were to recommend any of their albums for those who want to go further , I 'd recommend `` Go Champs Go '' and `` Everybody 's Rockin ' '' which do remain in print as a twofer on Ace and are both equally great but this is the cream of the crop .
 clasic , the word what can describe this cd , there is `` la cucaracha '' , `` hokey pokey '' `` tequila '' , so if thats not clasic i dont what itsbuy this cd and ... rock and roll !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This album is a great gem in my collection . I would highly recommend it to any one with an interest in early rock 'n' roll and surf music . It has some great guitar work as would be expected , but in addition there is great saxophone , and piano . Highly recommended .
 This music was primarily around , I 'm told , in the 1950 's ; a bit before my time , but classic stuff . Several of the tunes are quite familiar , even to teenagers as the songs are used in a variety of scenes -LRB- car and foot chases , for example -RRB- in movies that appeal to them . A lot of fun to listen to !
 This is another great album in which the music crosses the linguistic barrier . You do n't need to know Italian to enjoy the full range of feelings that are covered on this album . Fun recommendation
 It is n't surprising that , before now , no one else reviewed this CD from Music Club of the EU since , for the longest time , Amazon did not show the contents and many likely figured it might be one of his many re-make efforts.Well , let 's get that last assumption out of the way first . These are all original renditions . The only questionable selections included - at least in terms of being his `` best '' - are tracks 9 , 14 , and 17 - none of which were associated with Pat on this side of the Atlantic . Perhaps his versions were hits in Europe.However , the sound quality is excellent and you get six pages of liner notes -LSB- no discography -RSB- by Spencer Leigh of BBC Radio Mersyside , along with several nice photos of Pat . One of the better single-disc compilations of his music around , and one which should be re-released as soon as possible -LRB- especially considering the used prices being shown -RRB- .
 Essential original versions of some of the countlessly versioned riddims that made reggae great . A true masterpiece of Reggae .
 How I came to write this review : Having acquired a couple of new guitars in the past year , I decided to sell off a few of my older ones . One of these , a 1967-era Framus 6-string acoustic , I listed on our local Craig 's List and heard from Etienne the same day . Within hours , we met at an outdoor mall near my home -LRB- he told me I would be able to recognize him as he is told he resembles Jackson Browne - and he DOES ! -RRB- , where he tried -LRB- and played , to my delight , quite a bit -RRB- decided to buy the guitar and took it to his car . I gave him a break on the asking price and he gave me , in turn , a copy of this CD.Etienne is a musician , composer and performer . He has written the 15 tunes he performs on this CD and they run a broad range of musical genres from straight acoustic instrumental , to accompanied songs with his own vocals - some are of the ` classic ' folk-type , one or two even mildly describable as ` protest ' or ` opinion ' songs - all smooth , well crafted and highly personal . I had never heard of him before this , but have listened to the CD many times in the past two months - liking it better each and every time.As a musician , his fretboard work is both clearly defined and delicate ; as a singer , his voice is soothing , honest and yet humanly imperfect and as a composer and writer , his blend of old style with new and personal themes is outstanding . Amongst my most favorable comments is that this CD is NOT overproduced . Etienne actually coproduced it with Dan Prothero and their production touches are light - giving the total listening experience more the qualities of listening to a live performance in a small , intimate venue than that of a heavily engineered studio-produced and re-edited piece . This is definitely a guitar-centered album , and while it sounds as though there are other instruments on some of the pieces , no other performers are listed on the jacket - so I must infer that the other instrumental sounds are either synthesized or recorded by Etienne himself and then dubbed into the primary track . I simply do n't know.For those of you interested in the specifics of the cuts , they are as follows :1 . Meditation # C.O.B. 2 . Juniper Rosa3 . The Lizard Song4 . Providence5 . Six Feet6 . Big Black Wall7 . There 's Real and There 's Moonshine8 . Bama Bino Goodbye9 . You Became A Knife10 . Come Twilight11 . Everybody Thinks You 're A Smash12 . Goodnight *** promo only solo tracks *** 13 . Cerebro14 . The Lizard Song15 . Everybody Thinks You 're A SmashThis is how I like it and probably why I am so taken with the CD as a whole . Having had some personal contact with the artist - I must admit - probably influences my relationship to the music.The CD can be found in the catalogue of Fog City Records , catalogue number FCCD 008 . If you like your music honest , real and human - I think there is a good chance you will enjoy the work of Etienne de Rocher and this particular CD .
 Excellent songwriting and delivery . Etienne absorbs multiple genres seamlessly to interpret each individual composition , yet this is an album rather than a collection of songs . My personal favorite is `` Goodnight ''
 I ca n't really say this was a surprise in that I had already heard this artist 's splendid XM Radio live performance in ' 08 . I immediately set out to purchase this . This is one of the few debut CDs I own that does not sound overproduced or overworked . It does n't set out to be perfect , so much as it succeeds in being just that . I 've heard his style described as deeply rooted in 70s singer songwriter territory , but I do n't completely see it . It 's a little more ambitious than that , personal in its way , but not anguished . These songs seem to flow from their creator , and create a listenable , yet rich and complex musical landscape . It does n't really beg to be categorized . I sense that De Rocher takes his musicality seriously , but perhaps does n't take himself so much that way .
 ` Juniper Rose ' is a work of art - heard it for the first time on my local radio station -LRB- KFOG -RRB- , and bought this album immediately thereafter . One great song after another ; just listen ! What more can I say ?
 I just purchased this cd in Louisville KY , after hearing `` Juniper Rose '' on our local NPR music station WFPK 91.9 There is not a bad track on the whole cd . Etienne is a master at moving effortlessly through musical genres . I look forward to his next offering . Buy this CD !
 This is the third instalment to come my way in the highly valuable Malipiero series issued by Marco Polo in the mid-nineties , after the discs devoted toSymphonies Nos. 5 , 6 , 8 & 11andSymphony No. 7/Sinfonia in un tempo/Sinfonia per Antigenida , and the label must be warmly thanked for allowing the rediscovery of a highly original compositional voice.One of the most remarkable features of Malipiero 's symphonies is their freedom from the dictates of any school . Some of them are bitingly dissonant -LRB- but always within the broad frame of tonality -RRB- , at the service of great dramatic impact ; some are surprisingly lyrical and pastoral . Malipiero 's construction processes are oftentimes whimsical , as if one idea led to the other with no preconceived plan . But what might have been viewed as a flaw according to the canons of classical construction appears to me as one of his Symphonies ' most endearing features
 -LSB- A -RSB- cidic , political , philosophical and reflective of society , tackling relationships , religion , racism and such with artistic aplomb . ... -LSB- H -RSB- eady , thought-provoking work with a lot to say and absolutely no commercial potential.Through the years , there have been a handful of artists in the U.S. working on this edge , eccentrics with at usually regional cult following and an influence far beyond the reach of their precarious balancing act between genius and madness -- John Trubee , Daniel Johnston , Jandek , Dr. Eugene Chadbourne -- in Landry Butler , the Music City may well have one of its own.Music City GeniusBy the Reverend Keith A. Gordonreprinted from Metro , June 1993 ----- Holed up in a funky dreamworld , triple threat songwriter-artist-poet Landry Butler has created a recording that sure does n't sound like it came from Madison , Tennessee . Seventh Sister is a pseudonym for Butler , who is either a visionary or a weirdo , depending on your point of view . They lyrics here outweigh the tunes , with the fascinating spoken word pieces on side two being the high point . Hypnotic meanderings abound -- `` Fire Poem '' , `` Hell is a Place on Earth , Part 2 '' and the hilarious `` Totally Inadequate '' are among my faves . Some of Seventh Sister 's ramblings may test the less patient among us , but anyone who rhymes `` yellow '' with `` Michael Sembello '' is OK with me.Demo of the MonthBy Kath Hansenreprinted from Riff , May 6 , 1993
 Musiq , albeit one of my favorite artists out there right now , shot a little short on this release in my opinion . I have been listening to him since his soulchild days and since his first release and Juslisen spent an entire summer in my cd player , there was no song on this cd that could live up to the power of halfcrazy , something , dontchange , or Time to me . The only real stand out track on this cd to me was his second single whoknows , there were a couple other amusing tracks , forthenight for example or babymother or womanopoly I enjoyed somewhat as well , but this disc didnt have the same bite as his others and that disappointed me . Oh well , still pick up his other two discs if you havent heard them , and give them a shot , you wont be disappoited . If you like musiq also check out Anthony Hamilton , and a new guy in my cd changer I been feeling named Lemar from England !
 Alright who is the person that said this album is whack . I do n't know what your taste is but the album is great . If you are a guy you probably wo n't get any women , and if you 're a girl you probably do n't have a man . Every track from the begnning is off the hook . Fellas if you sittin ' with your woman just chillin ' put this CD on and just let the sounds of soul star make your woman want you more because you got good taste in music
 This album probably ai n't worth the 4 stars I gave it , but damn it I just like Musiq . His music is so damn soothing , it just calms me down no matter what mood I 'm in . He gets love for this album just like the other ones I own . Plus , the boy gets more and more like Stevie Wonder everytime I here him . Everything on this cd lives up to his artistic vision . He has features from some other philly soulstars like Bilal , and one of my personal favorite characters , ATL 's Cee-Lo . The top tracks on this are Forthenight , Momentinlife , Dontstop , Soulstar , and Womanopoly . Womanopoly especially caught my ear , cause when I heard he had a song playin on Monopoly the game , I thought it would be cake . And I was n't feelin it at first but it grew on me cuz it 's so catchy and original .
 the song `` her '' is at the end of `` dontstop '' with bilal u have to keep letting the song play through to hear it thatz why the song is like 9 minutes long , i had 2 figure that out too .
 Ok ... so i got the musiq cd . i 've really wanted it for awhile but i had to buy christmas gifts first , and with the paltry 80 dollars i had in my account . i went and got it . listened to it while i was cleaning up and i was digging it , but i listed to it again with the liner notes tonight , and what the heck ... i 'm missing a track !!! there is no song on my cd called `` her . '' if it is on there , it 's not in the number 12 spot , but i 've checked all the other spots . my cd jumps from `` do n't stop '' to `` where are you going . '' what the deuce ?!?!? i 'm really upset about this and just wanted to know if anyone else has track 12 , which should be `` her '' on her disk , b/c i do n't . now on the flip side , the cd is pretty good . track 6 and 9 i really like . the melodies are cool , the lyrics are pretty straight . i 'm feeling this one , but ... i 'm still missing the song . what 's up musiq ?!?!? where 's my track 12 ?!?!?! what 's the deal ?!?!? can you send a sister a single of the song ?!??!! i have the bonus track , but not track 12 , and I should have 16 tracks , but only 15 . so that 's why he only gets four stars ... you drop a track , you do n't get a star . otherwise , it 's a good cd . it may have to grow on ya a bit , but it 's good . but if anyone has the track `` her '' please let me know . cds are too expensive for them to be missing tracks .
 Musiq has made another instant classic . I didnt think he could pull it off . He still keeps his style fresh and reinvents himself even though he hasnt strayed too far from the blueprint . Dont worry fellas this isnt just for the ladies . Musiq keeps it real and about the music . Musiqs 3 album rank in my top 20 favorite albums in my time .
 As a consumer that long ago grew weary of the do me baby mentality cookie cutter R&B scene , the quote/unquote Neo-Soul movement was a welcome change of pace . The first time I heard Musiq , I was so impressed that I immediately bought his cd . As his 2nd release approached , I eagerly anticipated it and it did n't disappoint . I do n't listen to radio and was unaware of Soulstar until I saw it on a new release list and rushed to go pick it up . Musiq has moved himself into and elite category of artists that I do n't require a listen before a purchase . Soulstar is a superstar effort . And I get to sing along at his benefit concert this Friday . I ALREADY know the words . Musiq do ya thing !
 I 'm sad to have to wait a whole year for a real artist to bless us with a full course meal within an album . Musiq has put forth the effort and REAL work toward putting together an album and not lacing it with Bling and Neptune beats . Musiq has been help holding down Neo-Soul movement for three straight summers and has n't fell off his game yet and after this album , it seems that he most likely wo n't at all . His album is complete in all dimnensions .
 Album is pretty good . Basically sticks to the same formula that he has being using since he dropped with his first release , so we know what to expect . There are a few twists along the way , for example , the re-working of The Stones ' `` Miss You '' which is actually very good . But , who would have thought that Musiq would be interested in a remake of that particular song . Overall its a good effort and i can see myself playing this album as well as his previous efforts for a long time . He can only get better . Thanx for some good musiq !!!
 I HAVE THE TWO PREVIOUS RELEASES FROM MUSIQ AND THEY WERE GOOD - BUT `` SOULSTAR '' IS HIS FINEST PRODUCTION YET AND IS AUDIBLY SPECTACULAR ! - THE GRAMMY NOMINATED FIRST SINGLE `` FORTHENIGHT '' HAS THAT MUSIQ SIGNATURE SOUND , A SOULFUL GROOVE-WITH A HIP VIDEO TO MATCH . THIS MULTI-PLATINUM ARTIST SHINES ON THE TANTALIZING TITLE TRACK `` SOULSTAR '' FEATURING A SASSY VOCAL PERFORMANCE FROM CAROL RIDDICK , THIS CD OPENER LEAVES YOU BEGGING FOR MORE - `` WOMANOPOLY '' ONE OF THE BEST PRODUCED TRACKS IN YEARS-MUSIQ SINGS THE SONG OF A WOMAN WHO GOES FROM STRUGGLES TO SUCCESS WHILE INTRICATELY WEAVING THE STREETS OF THE MONOPOLY BOARD GAME IN THE STORY-FRANK ROMANO 'S GUITAR AND SITAR ARRANGEMENTS ARE INCREDIBLE - `` INFATUEIGHTIES '' IS ANOTHER GEM - MUSIQ PROVIDES AMAZING LEAD & BACKGROUND VOCALS OVER A THUMPIN BASELINE AND FINE PERCUSSION - `` BABYMOTHER '' IS A TRUE RHYTHMATIC SLICE OF LIFE ... LISTEN TO THE SOULCHILD SOAR ON `` MOMENTINLIFE '' THIS FANTASY/DREAM SEQUENCED LACED TRACK FEAT . KINDRED THE FAMILY SOUL & CEE-LO IS MUSICALLY MESMERIZING ! AND THERES MORE `` ROMANCIPATION '' `` GIVEMORELOVE '' `` THEREASON '' FEATURES SOULSTIRRING BACKGROUND VOCALS FROM KENNY LATTIMORE - THERE 'S REALLY NO NEED TO COMPARE MUSIQ TO ANY OTHER ARTIST BECAUSE HE IS IN A LEAGUE OF HIS OWN . EVEN IF YOU DO N'T OWN A MUSIQ CD ... AND YOU WANT SOMETHING REFRESHING ADD `` SOULSTAR '' TO YOUR MIX . YOU 'LL BE GLAD YOU DID .
 Musiq is the man . I 've been a fan since the 1st album . And he does n't disappoint me this time out either . Peep the review :1 -RRB- Soulstar feat . DJ Aktive & Carol Riddick - Great start to the album . This guy has beats that just demand your attention , especially on this song . It 's kind of an intro / warm up song , but it 's definitely hot .2 -RRB- Youloveme - Okay , this song is far from wack , but I ca n't find a word to describe it . I know ... the word is `` skippable '' . It 's typical Musiq , I 'm assuming that when most people buy music , they want to hear progression ... there was none here .3 -RRB- Womanopoly - Nice beat , nice vocals , nice content . I like how he uses the Monopoly game to go from topic to topic on this song .4 -RRB- Forthenight feat . AAries - The lead single . You 've probably heard it already . But it 's one of those feel good songs and it 's probably one of the best songs on the album despite its shallow content .5 -RRB- Infatueighties - I love the beat to this song . Another feel good song . But , like a good 80 % of the album , it 's about relationships .6 -RRB- Whoknows - This song has a familiar effect . Kind of like `` Love '' had on the first album . Not as stong as the afforementioned song , but it 's still a very strong song .7 -RRB- Babymother - I was n't really feeling this song at first , but the topic was strong and the beat was nice .8 -RRB- Missyou - I wo n't tab this song a `` brick '' , but he came really , really , really , really , really , really close . Mr. Chronic Man must 've laced their sack with something else that night before they made this .9 -RRB- Momentinlife feat . Kindred The Family Soul & Cee Lo - In my opinion , this is the best song on the album . The beat is hot , the guests shine bright , and Musiq does his thing . Cee Lo sings this song better than any song on his own album ... go figure .10 -RRB- Thereason - Tight song . Musiq gives props to the people that helped him get to where he is . The beat is nice too .11 -RRB- Dontstop feat . Bilal - Not a bad song , but it 's one of the few skippable songs on this album . The beat is hot though . I 'd give the song a 7 on a scale of 1 - 10.12 -RRB- Her - Nice beat , nice vocals , but the content is so so . Again , he 's singing about a woman .13 -RRB- Whereareyougoing - This song has an old school feel to it , but it 's not boring . It 's a mood song though . If you 're not in the mood , you 'll skip it .14 -RRB- Romancipation - Not a bad song , but it sounds like typical Musiq . It 's a skippable song .15 -RRB- Givemorelove / Leaveamessage -LRB- Bonus Track -RRB- - Givemorelove is a great song , but Leaveamessage is kind of boring . It 's not bad , but definitely skippable . The beat flips throughout the song though , and that keeps things interesting.Overall , the CD is a nice progression from his last album . Hey strays away from the `` Aijuswannasing / Juslisen '' formula on this album . But I mean that in a good way . If he keeps selling the same product , wo n't you eventually get tired of him ? He went a different direction and managed to keep it fresh . Ya got ta switch things up sometimes , and he did just that . 4 stars for the soulstar .
 To be able to appreciate this album you have to appreciate , originality , soul , good music and of course Musiq . Soulstar is my favorite album of the three which is a hard decision to make . Soulstar is Musiq doing what Musiq loves , making music . It 's and experimentation of sound and lyrical content . Introducing you to the third cd is `` Soulstar '' , laced with the smooth and haunting vocals of Carol Riddick Musiq get 's your heart pumping . He then pulls you in with `` You Love Me '' , a cocky yet cute track that makes you wan na dance and you actually find yourself saying , `` Yes , I do love you '' . The highlights of Soulstar are without a doubt , `` Miss You '' a remake of the Rolling Stones hit which he does more than to , `` Who Knows '' , `` The Reason '' and radio smash hit `` Forthenight '' . It 's a must have for anyone with a a passion for good music . Over 70 mintues of pure entertainment worth more than the cost.peace - jm
 Once in a while an album comes along where not only can u enjoy it from front 2 back , but in the process , it touches your soul . A body of work so powerful and true 2 itself that it affects your current perception on what quality music should be and sets a standard 4 artistry that just ca n't be duplicated . Musiq 's latest effort -LRB- or should I say , `` accomplishment '' -RRB- is a collection of 15 separate moments in soul in which he bends his tradition of soulful sounds without breaking it . `` Soulstar '' is what u get if u put Aijuswannseing and Juslisen in a blender with fried chicken , sweet potatoes , collard greens , biscuits , candied yams and catfish . That 's just how much soul this album delivers.The 1st song that may grab your attention , if not 4 it 's sheer creativity but it 's captivating lyrics is `` womanopoly '' . It 's the story of a young , ambitious sista moving on up 2 Park Place while trying 2 avoid `` Chance '' and hold on to a share of the `` Community Chest '' while attempting 2 avoid all the pitfalls in this sometimes cruel game of life.On the beautiful ballad `` whoknows '' , Musiq embraces the vulnerability and uncertainty that accompanies the start of a new relationship as well as the infinite possibilities of one . `` Thereason '' is an introspective look back on his ongoing relationship with his first love that is music and challenges the listeners 2 see that he 's actually singing 2 music ... not a woman which is typically the 1st thought.On `` babymother '' , Musiq bluntly travels down the road of unplanned and unexpected parenthood and the decisions , fear and confusion that many can relate 2 that come along 4 the ride.Soulstar is not simply just an album . It 's an experience . It 's a journey through soul with stops @ funk , jazz and rhythm and blues along the way.Although it was a late entry among a ton of other quality albums released in 2003 , without confining it 2 any specific genre , Soulstar gets my vote 4 album of the year and I 'm sure his light will continue 2 shine on the world .
 I do n't know why these people on this page are hating on this album so much . I can listen to it straight through , over and over again . The tempo , mood , and topics change throughout . I actually enjoy this album more than his previous two . I 'm surprised there were no `` hits '' on this album . But if you need to hear `` hits '' on the radio in order to think something is a valuable piece of music , you do n't deserve to be writing reviews . Standout tracks to me are `` thereason '' , `` forthenight '' , and the disc opener
 i have to say i 'm looking at the last 3 reviews and i am shocked let me say you 3 are the 1st i have heard to comment negatively about this cd ... maybe you were expecting more of the same from musiq which is unfortunate ... upon first listen its so obvious that musiq and the carmui production team has taken it to the next level ... with the exception of track # 8 miss you , this cd is hands down the musiq 's best to date ... from `` thereason '' which is musiq 's ode to music to `` whereareyougoing '' to the long anticipated collobaration of musiq and his brother from philly on `` dontstop/her '' to the uplifting `` momentinlife '' and then you get to 2 songs that follow each other back to back `` whoknows '' and `` babymother '' musiq shows by placing these songs back to back musiq shows life is n't a fairy tale while you are floatin from the beautiful lyrics , vocals , and chord changes of `` whoknows '' `` babymother `` instantly brings you to a reality that alot of people have faced and i applaud musiq for that . `` whoknows '' just follows in the tradition of musiq 's 1st 2 great ballads `` love '' and `` dontchange '' . what i love about musiq the most is that he makes music that lasts a lifetime instead of following the trend of making right now music like every1 else ... and to you haters i wish you guys could just recognize greatness when its presented to you ... ONE
 Loverman , funkster , beatmeister - all this and more describes Musiq , who along with Jill Scott and the Roots have completely revitalized the Philadelphia soul scene.On his 3rd album , Taalib `` Musiq '' Johnson takes a giant leap forward - his songwriting skills have improved strongly with each album , and on Soulstar he has emerged from the `` Stevie shadow '' with a signature style and some great tunes . And his voice is stunning on this disc - Maxwelll finally has a competitor for the best young voice in soul . `` Fortnight '' is getting plenty of radio play at the moment , and deservedly so . It 's a great tune , full of 80 's style soul , great guitar work . And it is n't even the best tune on this record . For that , go directly to `` Momentinlife '' , which features Philly faves Cee-Lo and Kindred the Family Soul -LRB- incidently , I 'll plug Kindred here again - the BEST new group of the year , and sadly overlooked by the Grammys -RRB- . `` Momentinlife '' features vocals that you just do n't hear on radio nowadays - the interplay between Musiq , Aja and Fatin are as good as anything you have heard in the last 5 years.Musiq can get funky as well , and he turns in a big win with `` Dontstop '' , which teams him up with another Philly great , Bilal -LRB- in fact , it seems the only Philly stars missing from this project are Jill Scott and Vikter Duplaix -RRB- . This is a classic dance jam , and Bootsy would be proud of the funk track this tune generates.The only miss on this disc is a remake of the Rolling Stones `` Miss You '' - the song just does n't rise to the level of the rest of this disc .
 This is the first album I 've heard from Musiq and my breath was taken away . The man of neo-soul created a great 3rd album . With songs like Whereareyougoing , Youloveme , Womanopoly , Thereason , there is no doubt that Musiq is music 's prodigal son .
 first of all , i do n't even know where to start . this man must be from another planet because when he sings , i swear i drop everything and listen . yes , this is true . this album is brilliant -LRB- so is everything he creates -RRB- ! the more i hear him , the more i 'm sucked in . from the moment you put the cd in , you can tell it 's a classic . it 's hard to find inspiring music nowadays , so when you hear it , you know it . i can easily sit back and rate each song as 5-stars . no problem . it 's hard to pick a favorite track because the whole joint is bangin ' ! `` thereason '' , his ode to music -LRB- listen again if you do n't believe me -RRB- is probably one of the best songs i 've ever heard -LRB- EVER -RRB- ! his cover of the rolling stones classic , `` imissyou '' -LRB- heart-pounding -RRB- , `` womanopoly '' -LRB- lyrical genius -RRB- , `` her '' -LRB- makes you wish you were HER -RRB- . i could go on and on about this album and i 'd never run out of good things to say . i 've met him twice and he 's just as cool as he makes you believe he is . now i 'm just waiting for him to make the next two cds so i can fill up my changer . then i 'd truly be in MUSIQAL bliss .
 I may be a bit biased because I have loved Musiq 's style and vibe of soulstirring melodies since day one . He hits the spot with tunes such as `` Forthenight '' , `` Infatueighties '' , `` Missyou '' , `` Dontstop '' , `` Babymother '' and three of my favorities on this particular album `` Whoknows '' , `` Momentinlife '' and `` Thereason '' . He of course ca n't drop a joint without giving us something to think about with `` Givemorelove/Leaveamessage '' . In this day and age of downloading and CD burning it 's worth the money you spend trust me on this one ! You ca n't go wrong with getting this album for yourself or givng as a gift.I love Musiq 's music and he will have a fan in me for life . I am just waiting for the tour ! : -RRB-
 Musiq is every bit of a lover as he is a man of soul . His music is captivating and full of beat . He has done it again with Soulstar as he did with his previous albums . Soulstar teases and strikes a note in the party lover . His insite on love and relationships shines in his music . Also its very entertaining to sing to his songs cause he doesnt swallow words and sings in a strong clear voice . MUSIQ is the KiNg Of NeO !
 I 'm not a huge fan of Musiq , nevertheless I own all of his CDs . Soulstar to me , is the best CD out of the 3 . I loved the first CD . The second was just okay to me , but this CD makes up for it all . I luuuvvvvv this CD . I recommend everyone to go out and get it . It 's unique . My favorite songs are 3 , 9 , and 10 .
 Being one severe Stevie Wonder fan , I grew to appreciate Stevie 's sonic evolution from ` Music of my Mind ' through ` Hotter than July ' , and each album continued to become more focused and brilliant as the years went on . I did not immediately pick up Soulstar , only because I did n't think that Musiq had taken such a huge jump with the second album . To be honest , I was n't expecting much . This CD sat around when I bought it for a few weeks , and on a whim while cleaning , it found it 's way into the rotation.Wow......So-called R&B soul cats may have to step up their game significantly after Soulstar . Musiq has put the challenge out there to the singers who have just gotten gimmicky and contrived to get back to those chords and vibes that made Stevie 's music an adventure to play on the stereo . I was sitting down on my couch with the broom still in my hand like
 I 've only had it for less than 2 weeks , and have to buy another one because I 've scratched it taking it between the car and house . You have got to get this cd if you have n't already ! Number 9 , 10 , and second part of 11 are my favorites .
 The `` MusicBoy '' is what he was once called . Well with `` SoulStar '' he is no longer a music boy but a music man . This young cat has proven that he will have a place up there with the great vocalists of our time . The hype is `` Youloveme '' which takes you back in time to the Duke Ellington era . `` Momentinlife '' which was co written by Cee-Lo and `` Thereason '' makes you think you are listening to `` Songs in the Key of Life '' by Stevie Wonder . Musiq truly epitomizes music and he will only get better with time . He has no style , but merely talent so you will never know what to expect . In the words of his own CD ; when it comes to `` SoulStar '' ... juslisen.Favorites : I. MomentinlifeII . ThereasonIII.YoulovemeIV . ForthenightV . Whereareyougoing
 Musiq is truly a great artist . He produces another great album in `` Soulstar '' . One of the few albums I actually feel like I did n't waste my money on.Notable Songs on the Album :1 . Babymother2 . Infatueighties3 . Youloveme4 . Womanopoly5 . TheReason6 . Forthenight7 . Dontstop
 I have to admit that Musiq is operating under a formula , however , it is one that is consistent and produces a unique soul sound . His music flows and his order of songs seems to always be just right . I enjoy this album just a tad bit better than the last one . I actually enjoy this album more than his first as well . I guess I enjoy the tracks on this album a little more than the first and just a tad bit more than his last one . His vocal range is limited but he has his own signature style . Something that I can definitely appreciate .
 This is definitely a KEEPER ! Musiq has done it again . He has all that one would want in a good album . For the soulful , sex-you-up , relective music lover there is
 When I purchased Musiq 's latest cd , I fought with that packaging -LRB- yall know what I 'm talking about -RRB- , when I won the fight I inserted it into my cd player in my truck and I was impressed yet again.You can see that Musiq has matured as an artist and as a man . His songs reached out to the listener and takes them to his side of reality . As I listened to his cd it felt as if I was listening to an old friend tell me about his ups and downs of life and as I am listening I am shaking my head in the affirmative position letting him know that I have been on the same side of those tracks , just on a female level.If you purchase this collage of lyrical life you will not be disappointed , but you do have to be on a certain mind frame to enjoy it ... and that is open-minded to ... neosoul ... and a lover of old school Musiq.Later ...
 I have to say that this Musiq 's best cd so far . His lyrics are just so ... real . Unlike rappers ... he does n't sing about the same thing over and over ... he sings about real situations ... like is `` babymother '' OMG I LOVEEE that song ... KEEP IT UP MUSIQ !!!!
 I have no idea what these other critics on here are talking about , this is the best R&B album ever , I love it !!!!
 Good on you to the last reviewer , the other three are obviously not in that frame of mind to understand growth music , you know the music which you hate today , but will loath you hated tommorrow , musiq breaks barriers , one track on his album I did n't like on the second , but after listening to it a couple a times I liked it , thats it how can we elevate if we can learn different formulas , every album he has realeased was hot , I about to purchase it , I have n't even heard it but people tell me its good
 This is a very nice cd . Check it out !
 This is a nice album . Not really a 5 star album , but I still like it . My favorite track is Babymother . I love the subject and chorus of this song . If you like Musiq , cop it .
 I do n't know about you all , but I feel like I can listen to the ` SOULSTAR ' CD in its entirety with the exception of maybe 1 02 2 songs , which means overall it 's a damn good CD . As far as titles go , Musiq should be the king of DEF SOUL records because he remains to be consistent in his music .
 All around talented , # 1 Soulstar , even though it is an interlude gives you a feeling that the album is going to be the definition of music -LRB- musiq -RRB- . Everytime I hear that , I get chills . This album you can literally feel the vibe , My favortite is # 3 Womanopoly # 5 Infatueighties , # 7 Babymother -LRB- Knowing that every man should finist what he started -RRB- Real and educational song , I feel where you coming from Musiq . To close off the album # 15 Givemorelove . Really the whole album is taking , likes your soul leaves your body to experience Musiq 's journey of Soulstar . it is a must . Appreciate the Soul of R&B Musiq . It ; s atutomatic to get the cd , you should n't hesitate .
 Musiq functions within a formulaic view of how is music should sound . This has both advantages and drawbacks . The advantages are that if you are a Musiq fan , you love his style and would not mind another album of the same music . As a drawback , if you are expecting an artist to grow with each project , you might be disappointed with Musiq 's most recent effort . Personally , I love this album . I am a musiq fan who came around at Juslisen . I was not feeling Aijuswanasing off the bat because I was anti- `` Neo Soul '' . I resented the labeling of this timeless style of music as something `` new '' and I rebelled against anything associated with the `` genre '' . Then , someone played `` Babygirl '' from Juslisen and I was in love . Since then , I went back to re-examine all of his music and I have come to love and appreciate it very much.Soulstar does not let me down in this respect . While he does not seem to go far beyond the parameters of his `` neo-soul '' stylings , he does jazz things up a bit . For example , his interpretation of `` missyou '' gets you in a place that car accidents do , you are bothered by them but you cant help but look . `` momentinlife '' is the new `` Babygirl '' which was the new `` Marygoround '' . The smooth flow of this song reminds one of the ocean , standing on a beach , listening to the waves , getting caught up in the glorious music of nature . Throw in the vocals of Kindred and Cee-lo -LRB- who blesses ANY track he guests on -RRB- and you have a classic . That is by far the best song on the album.I was disappointed by the Intro and `` womanopoly '' seemed too forced . `` babymother '' was another song that made me go `` what ?? '' It was like Whitney Houston ruining an otherwise beautiful song with a lyric `` No matter I got ta keep it real '' . One is almost like `` oh come on this is a hot mess !! '' . `` thereason '' is one of those songs you listen to standing in the dark wrapped in the arms of your beloved.Overall , this is a wonderful CD . I recommend it to anyone looking to escape into the land of beautiful music . Fan or not , you will not be let down .
 Musiq 's first album Aijuswanaseing was wonderful . Juslisen was great album to follow it up with and Soulstar is his continuing his consistency in giving you great music . Soulstar feat Carol Riddick is dope intro to this album as DJ Aktive provides scratching over the track . Youloveme is pretty decent follow up track but it 's not vintage Musiq . WhoKnows is vintage Musiq . Forthenight feat Aaries was a good first single for the album as the two sing about not being ready for a relationship . Womanopoly has a creative storyline involving women with Monopoly as a backdrop . Infatueighties is another great track with singing over a booming bass beat . Thereason , Her and Whereareyougoing are also highlights . There are some songs that could have been left off though . The Munsters theme music sounding Romancipation is one of them . Dontstop feat Bilal is a failed club joint . Momentinlife feat Kindred The Family Soul and Cee-lo is far from terrible but it needs work . The rendition of Mick Jagger 's Miss You is forgettable . Babymother is kind of weak and Givemorelove and Leaveamessage are boring . Bottom Line
 I do n't understand how anyone can possibly trash this CD . If you ever liked Musiq you should def . love this CD -- From the incredible Soulstar intro to the very end of Givemorelove/Leaveamessage . The whole Cd is a standout against all other music in the insdustry . He 's def . an original artist.Please do n't let these reviewes sway you against buying this CD -- listen to the samples yourself and if you dont like it you just do n't like music/musiq .
 I have to disagree with all the naysayers of this album . I feel that Musiq was trying to reach out and experiment with some of these tracks . `` Momentinlife '' was a nice collaboration with Kindred and Cee-Lo , though I felt `` Dontstop '' really wasted the potential energy that could have been shared between Musiq 's crooning and Bilal 's ethereal falsetto . `` Forthenight '' seems like your classic loverman-get-them-out-the-club-and-into-the-bed type of song , but Musiq is so polite it seems only natural to go with him . Best track of all is `` Givemorelove/leaveamessage '' -LRB- thanks to the sample from Tom Scott , which I did buy to hear the original -RRB- . I 'm only waiting for the next LP .
 When I first bought this album , I was n't sure how I felt about it , unlike my immediate love for the first two . But recently I had the pleasure of seeing Musiq in concert and he made me go and reevaluate/rediscover this classic that I had been sitting on since it first came out !! The entire album from beginning to end is very well put together . Out of the 15 tracks , 11 of them are my favorites . Musiq , keep doing what you do best !!
 I really like this cd . This is the only Musiq cd I own . I like Musiq but had n't bought any of his other stuff . It was all ok , but not enough tracks to make me want to purchase them . This one however made me run out and buy it . I 'm glad I held out !!
 Soulstar is a slight step above Juslisen , but like it 's predecesor , the album is too long , with maybe two songs like Babymother and Missyou , that could have been left off . Otherwise the standout tracks Soulstar -LRB- interlude -RRB- , Forthenight , Womanopoly , Momentinlife , Givemorelove , and Whoknows , and others are what keeps the album afloat . Not bad , but it does n't top his first album Aijuswanaseing , which was a classic debut .
 Personally I am a Musiq fan and Soulstar hits the spot with upbeat Neosoul . It has a good Vibe but Some songs dont formulate a complete story or theme . The new Issues he talks about are not completely thought out in Soulstar . Musiq will start out on a theme then harmonize for the remainder of the song . The song writing in the his previous two albums was much better . The difference is although he has a great voice his vocals dont make this album . The music iself sets a vibe which you can `` BOB '' to all 71 mins.Best Track # 10Still Great Music -LRB- Q -RRB-
 Out of all his music this ablum was by far my most wanted . I could n't find it on ITUNES at all . I enjoy the songs as they seemed to flow together not like his newest releases , i think sometimes you can tell either an artist wrote his songs to some degree or was it all a rush job as in JOE . Music shows a nice r & b melody throughout the tracks , being it was so hard to find shows this cd was worth having ...
 Soulstar , Soulchild , whatever , just keep the Musiq COMING !!! Musiq is a talented , original artist . Not in an eclectic Erykah Badu kind of way , but more like a Curtis Mayfield . Shucks this CD is so good that the first time I listened to it in my car I stopped at the package store to get a pint of Hennessy ... . It 's old school brown liquor GOOD !!!! Like a good vintage wine , it keeps getting , better & better with each listen ... . His creativity with the Monopoly game in `` Womanopoly '' is sick !! Fantasia can have her `` Baby Mama '' anthem , Musiq keeps it real with `` Babymother '' ! Aijuswanalisen !!!
 great cd . . you can tell he puts a lot of time and feeling into this music .
 Soulstar is the soundtrack of my life , and the awnser to every problem that i ca n't awnser with logical reasoning . With every track theirs an awnser , solution , or idea that makes you think , about life , love , and decisions . He is the male India Arie . I loved Musiq ever since Ijustwannasing . `` Mary Go Round '' , `` Me and You Against '' , and `` Just Friends '' were my favorites off his first album and now his third album i love every song . I must have played this album every where i went . Musiq is also good for just listening to get your thoughts in order . He pusts relationships in retrospect with harmony and rhythm . If your not going to buy it , do yourself a favor and just skim through . There 's something for everyone .
 I 'm a big time Neo-Soul fan and this album just made my love for that genre grow even more . I can not get enough of `` Momentinlife '' , which features Kindred -LRB- get that album too -RRB- and Cee-Lo . Very good album . Do n't listen to the nay-sayers . Other stand-out tracks include `` Soulstar '' , `` Whoknows '' , `` Whereareyougoing '' , `` Givemorelove/Leaveamessage '' , and `` Forthenight '' . Also get Tonex 's albums , `` O2 '' and `` Pronounced Toe-Nay '' . His music makes MusiQ sound like Willie Nelson . Peace & Love .
 If you dont know anything about Musiq and are looking to get into him , then i suggest starting with `` Aijuswanaseing '' and `` Juslisen '' before diving into this album . Those albums showcase Musiq 's true form . This album is Musiq 's most mature and soulful effort to date , but at times it seems that he tries a little to hard to stray from typical R&B . But if you are a Musiq fan , you will not be surprised as he has steadily moved this way ever since dropping `` Aijuswanaseing . '' . The infectious intro `` Soulstar '' is by far THE BEST TRACK on the album . I know quite a few people , including myself , who upon hearing that track for the first time hit the repeat button and let it ride a good 5 to 6 times . Its THAT GOOD . `` Momentinlife '' is VINTAGE Musiq , and Cee-Lo shines on this song . Kindred the Family soul give the track emotion like only they can . `` whoknows '' is his incredibly deep love song which his other two albums have as well -LRB- `` Love '' and `` Dontchange '' -RRB- , but this one trumps those two easily . All in all , this CD isnt Musiq 's best work , but an average record by Musiq 's standards is a must have in todays world of R&B .
 `` Soulstar '' is Musiq 's third career album , which explores some new and improved musical territory . Amazingly , he proves that he continues to evolve as an artist through every album . Nobody expected `` Soulstar '' to surpass the genius of his previous album `` Juslisen '' . It did . This underrated R&B artist repairs the damage that has been done to soul music within the last few years . His seemingly simple mellow grooves catch listeners easily , keeping them swaying to every beat . His music is one way of how R&B music should sound . The combination of neo-soul with a touch of modern-style R&B keeps him unique in every song . Musiq takes his listeners on a beautiful musical journey through his album
 This album was recommended to me by several Musiq fans . And after having it in my cd player for the last 3 days I have to admit that it is a great cd . However compared to his first album it is not his best work . The topics chosen were not as deep as on the first cd and all the guest singers on `` Soulstar '' were not necessary . Other than that I would recommend this cd along w / his first . If you bought it you wouldnt be dissapointed .
 I love this CD . . I am a big Musiq fan . . This cd is good from beginning to end . The musiq is very pretty . . and what I love about him is that he is so creative he talks about things other people really dontMy favorite tracks are # 1 Soulstar # 3 Womanolopy # 6 whoknows . . very pretty track # 7 babymother ... I love this track # 12 Her # 13 whereareyougoingall the real Musiq fans stand up . . and go get my boy 's cd . . its tight . . it deserves more than 5 stars
 This CD is great !!! I have all of Musiq 's CDs and I think this is the best one . He seems to get better and better . I have n't been able to stop playing this CD -LRB- in 3 days -RRB- . This is a must have ... especially for long car rides ! : -RRB-
 I almost did n't buy this album . Of course , I had the other two and was obliged to buy the 3rd , but I put it off for the longest time . 5 months after its release , I saw the `` Soulstar '' cassette for 8 bucks , and I decided that it was a steal . So I get home and I 'm thinking `` I hope this does n't sound like `` Juslisen
 Guys , this man knows how to sing ! I loved `` aijuswanaseeing '' and i think that `` juslisen '' is a little masterpiece , so i bought `` soulstar '' without listening not even to one single song , and my trust has been repaid
 Musiq makes really insightful music . He does n't have the best voice in the game , but passionate music and creative talent are more important in some respects than raw vocal prowess . I will say that it helps when you have fantastic music to go along with the nice lyrics . My favorite song on the album is `` Womanopoly , '' by a long shot . I like how they incorporate the shaking of dice into the rhythm , and the creative use of Monopoloy terms is interesting . Not a classic , but good , listenable music .
 I have read through the other reviews , and I respect their opinions ... BUT THEY ARE WAAAAAAAY OFF REGARDING SOULSTAR . Each album is different , and represents the natural progression of growth . Change is good , but he has n't gone far from his wonderful ability to make his words jump off the page and smack you in the face . For those of us caught up in the `` puppy love '' feel of 143 or Girl Next Door , we have all grown up and matured and can now appreciate songs like Whoknows or Moment in Life or Her . Musiq is a wonderful artist that has allowed his creative ability to not be suppressed by current media/market perceptions . For those that have never seen Musiq live , then yes I understand this might be a little different from what you might be used to . But if you truly love Soul Music ... real soul Music and not any of these cracker box imitations ... then it will make sense like Prince , Donny , Marvin , and Billy H. did . This CD is a must have , as are all of the rest . It has been playing in the car , home , and work for since the store opened Tuesday ! Believe me this CD has some tracks that might nock some of your other Musiq favorites out of the box.He keeps getting better . Do n't take my word for it though , listen for yourself !
 I must admit that I was a little skeptical about buying Soulstar because I loved Aijuswanaseing 's `` Just Friends '' so much that I barely took it out of my cd player , and refused to play the rest of the cd for about a week . The rest of the cd turned out pretty good but none compared to `` Just Friends '' . Then Juslisten came along and I figured there was going to be an equal to `` Just Friends '' . No luck ! That cd was wack . So when `` Soulstar '' came around , I thought long & hard before I bought it . But when I put the cd in , I wore a smile . There is absolutely no need to press the forward button on this cd . The whole album is what bootleggers despise -- worth buying LEGITIMATELY FROM THE STORES ! Every song on here could be a single , in my opinion . Musiq goes past the typical love story to actually talk about things outside the box with thoughtful lyrics and beats worth bobbing your head to . I think many R&B artists fall off because their beats are either remixed -LRB- ugh ! -RRB- or not able to vibe with , and Musiq knows this because he worked with some of the best producers for his voice . I genuinely believe this is a great work !
 In this day and age , artists like Musiq can be confusing.You know that they are talented and that they are wholly capable of producing good music , but is the music they produce good because it 's actually good or because so much other music around it is so bad ? Are his lyrics more responsible or `` positive '' or warming to the sensibilities because the common denominator of much R&B ; these days does n't rise above the temperature of a bottle of chilled Moet wrapped in ladies ' underwear ? Is there a classic song , album or artist imbedded in all of the neo-soul hype?In the case of some so-called neo-soul artists , yes
 Pleasantly surprised . Having missed the hype -LRB- if there was any -RRB- on this album , I purchased it because I own the previous two . Out of the 6 CD 's I purchased , it 's of the top two . He 's original , his lyrics are interesting , music to make you think and move at the same time . Love it .
 Ok . I was a musiq fan before but I actually went and bought this one . . -LRB- lol -RRB- . I had the cd for Forthenight and found more interesting songs.Im wondering how can you not like this cd , its creative and very different , and still musiq . Well Im loving this cd to this day a year and a half later !! 1 . Soulstar - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- GREATEST Intro ive heard in r & b ; history...2-Youloveme - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- I LOVE this song what more can I say . -LRB- fast paced -RRB- 3-Womanopoly - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- Im feelin the monopoly thing he got goin here -LRB- fast paced -RRB- 4-Forthenight - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- reason why I bought the cd ! -LRB- fast paced -RRB- 5-Infatueighties - -LRB- 3-5 -RRB- I dont really care too much about this song it didnt fit..6-Whoknows - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- Kinda reminds me of dontchange , but I played this song too many times :--RRB- -LRB- slow pace -RRB- 7-Babymother - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- This song grew on me.I love it . -LRB- normal -RRB- 8-Missyou - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- Another solid reason to love this cd -LRB- Fast pace -RRB- 9-Momentinlife - -LRB- 2-5 -RRB- Another song that didnt belong . -LRB- normal -RRB- 10-Thereason - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- . Another favorite . LOVE this song11-Dontstop - -LRB- 3-5 -RRB- Ok !! 12-Her - -LRB- 0-0 -RRB- Ok am I the only one that dont have a song for this ?? I 'm tryin to figure out what happened here13-Whereareyougoing - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- My favorite song on the cd . I can relate to this song in soo many ways -LRB- slow song -RRB- 14-Romanticipation - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- This is what im talkin about. : - -RRB- 15-Givemorelove/Leaveamessage -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- Nice endingAll in all this cd is one of the great ones . I would refer this cd to friends like I have , and this is the best cd out of the 3 to me ... Keep up the good work here ... : - -RRB-
 When I purchased Musiq 's first CD -LRB- aijuswannaseeing -RRB- I digged the begining but skimmed through the rest saying to myself `` this was a fair attempt , but maybe next time '' then I ` really ' listened to his tracks , and I was HOOKED ! Juslisen dropped and I found myself repeating my stupidity , he done told me to juslisen from the start !! So when Soulstar dropped I shouldve learned my lesson right ? Not ! after a few listens ... heres my thoughts !!! 1 . Soulstar -- hot intro start to one or the ` true ' R&B ; albums out there ! nice melody , tight lyrics as he describes the angel he 's seen , who declares him a ` Soooooul Starrr ' 2 . youloveme -- please listen to the lyrics then judge this song -LRB- this will be a reoccuring theme throughout my review -RRB- he 's questioning his relationship , being suspicious when his girl 's phone rings when he 's around , thinking to himself '' you love me , dont you ? you wouldnt be ... cheating ? `` 3 . Womonopoly -- not hot on this song like most people seem to be , but his lyrics flows , I 'm feeling how he ties in names from monopoly with the lyrics of how a young lady struggles and ` grinds from the bottom , just to make it to the bottom / now she 's on top and she 's shining ! 4 . forthenight -- upbeat mood , he had to at least try to make us dance5 . Infatueighties -- beat is nice , I think the same producer did this and # 3 , its almost like he 's flowing -LRB- rapping -RRB- on this one .6 . Whoknows -- the stand out track on this LP ! moving climax to this one . it 's so tastefully done that most dont notice that he 's trying to just talk a girl into having sex and hopefully it will turn into love ! He got some good lines ! lol ! 7 . babymother -- the title denotes another boring song about some babymama drama , BUT , this song is NOT that . He finds out some chick he hit up is pregnant and he 's just thinking if he even wants to be with her , but he knows he 's got to support his child . this is a different approach for me , and a good one I might add .8 . missyou -- I guess this is the Rolling stones remake everyone is talking about . I 'm feeling it .9 . momentinlife -- the vocal arrangement and setup reminds of how he was hardly on ` settle for my love ' , this song made me want to check out kindred 's CD , cee-lo tries to take over too ! 10 . thereason -- You noticed no bad reviews yet , it continues with this one .11 . dontstop/her -- dontstop is BANGIN !! , a nice club beat thats knockin ' , talking bout cutting it up in da club then it flips into ` her ' explaining everything he likes about ... ` her ' .12 . whereareyougoing -- well placed slow track , it makes a true statement . `` If youre with the one you love , where are you going '' ? 13 . romanciptation -- the only ` miss ' on this project ! 14 . radio interlude -- just him introducing the next track ... 15 . givemorelove/leaveamessage -- one of the best songs and with a good message about artists needing more substance in their work -LRB- read : Hip Hop/Rap music -RRB- then the final song needs to be ` felt ' its not boring but its got ta grow on ya.Thats my feelings , buy the CD now !!
 Musiq is evolving and this album proves it . The strings & the horns sounds great . The brotha is subtly channeling some of Prince 's 1978 debut album `` For You '' for those of you that remember . I also recall hearing Prince 's version of the Stone 's `` Miss You '' live in London early 80 's . I personally like Musiq 's version better . Ca n't wait for the next one to drop .
 I love these albums that you have to listen to two or three times before it becomes a classic in the making . This is hot . I downloaded it ... . then went out to buy it . Only track I probably did n't like was the answering machine joint at the end and whoknows . Other than that ... the album is hot ! Cop this one .
 As Musiq himself said about this CD ... he 's traveling the same road of music , it 's just with a different car . That 's a great analogy for the slightly different sounds that you 'll encounter on `` Soulstar . '' I liked the whole thing upon the very first listen , and I like it better each time after.The voice
 Wow !!! Is all I can say for this CD , this Album even if I was n't a fan would be in my CD player . Musiq captures `` music '' at it 's best . This is an album that I listen to from start to finish and not skip a song . I apperciate Musiq for being well and being so creative . Songs to look out for are Womenopoly as well as WhoKnows , Infatueightes , Babymomma and just the whole album . Musiq takes topics we can relate to and puts them to songs and makes you feel like he went through it with you . Musiq if there were more stars you would get them . LOVE IT !!!!!!!!! Go out an get this album it is well worth it !!!
 In my opinion , this is one of the best albums from an R&B ; artist that I have heard in a while . Musiq does n`t follow the trend of hiring the hottest producers or the hottest rappers to be on his album like other R&B ; artist , he ` s just himself.Some of my favorites on this album include
 I see that a lot of the people that write long reviews are top 100 or top 50 reviewers , which really suprises me , I 've been listening to Musiq for quite some time now . I saw how one person used Glen Lewis Compared to Musiq , while Glen Lewis may be a great artists , hes had one CD out , and one solid single which was `` Dont You Forget '' , Musiq has put out several singles since the time that Lewis has dropped a CD , and dont even get me started on D'angelo , this guy is nowhere to be found year after year , while Musiq is always there with Santana and doing various other things , `` SoulStar '' in my opinion may have been one of his most creative releases to date , while Maxwell and others may have started the Neo-Soul movement , they did not finish it , and thats why Musiq is here to stay , because he has something real to say , the best track on this CD is `` WhoKnows '' he really puts his voice to use in the latter part of the song , quite unbelievable , this is real music right here , and other artists need to take notes , there is too much garbage being put out there today with poor efforts given
 Musiq has done it yet again . From his first cd until his latest , I have never been disappointed . Lyrically and musically , he is definitely one of the best . It 's very rare that you can just put a cd on and just let it play . I bought this cd and did n't have a chance to listen to it until I was driving home to Maryland from NY . I let the cd play three times . My favorite track is `` Whoknows '' . The lyrics ... let 's just say everyone can relate to it . Each track tells a story . Buy this cd , trust me you will not be disappointed .
 I 'd been waiting for the release of Musiq 's new LP , Soulstar for a while , and I was upset that I could n't fit it into my budget when I bought Alicia Keys ' `` The Diary of Alicia Keys '' last week . But yesterday , I was beyond surprised when I got it as a gift from my Secret Santa at work , and I got ta say that I 'm absolutely in love with this CD !! Musiq pays homage to The Rolling Stones with an even funkier rendition of their 1978 hit `` Miss You '' -- but Musiq , being the purposely grammatically-challenged artist that he is , spells it `` Missyou . '' No matter how he spells it , it 's a jam ! Also , and this is a goof on behalf of the manufacturers , the song titled `` Her , '' is crossfaded with his excellent duet with Bilal -LRB- fellow Neo-Soul brother and Philadelphian -RRB- titled `` Dontstop , '' making the track 8 minutes long ! It does n't really matter to me , because I love 'em both!Of course , Musiq 's first single , `` Forthenight , '' is a gem ; I knew I was gon na get this CD after hearing that song just once . Also , `` Momentinlife , '' `` Givemorelove/Leaveamessage '' keep my head bobbing to the beat.Like my other favorite CD of this year , `` The Diary of Alicia Keys , '' I forsee some Grammy nods for this one , as it , too , shows how Musiq has grown as an artist without completely abandoning his `` stee-lo '' that put him on the map in 2000 . All in all , I give this masterpiece 4 stars Although I rated it 5 stars . I took off a half for that blunder with `` Dontstop '' and `` Her . '' Had that error not been there , it 'd have gotten 5 true stars , no questions about it !
 Just short and to the point , I 'M LOVING IT !!!!!!!!!!! I have the last two albums and this one was a lovely addition.Keep it coming Musiq with your handsomeness.Much love .
 Each listener will decide if they like this release and which among the 3 Musiq releases they like best . Of all the neo-soul artists out in the last 5 + years , I probably have listened to Bilal , D'Angelo and Musiq most . However , I am especially impressed with Musiq 's ability to crank out records every 2 years of solid to excellent quality . Many of the other neo-soulers seem to be struggling with doing this -LRB- I 'm sure for various reasons - writer block ; record company problems ; etc -RRB- . He reminds me of the time when Marvin , Steve , Aretha and others got product out every 1-2 years . And , today it 's even harder since an entire album must consist of strong cuts , unlike the 60 's when you could do a strong single or two plus fillers for the rest of the album -LRB- of course not to say there were n't many great 60 's albums -RRB- . Lots of respect to Musiq !
 Musiq 's new CD is fantastic effort . Even though his music has generally maintained the same format , there are some slight differences with this CD than his previous ones . It seems as if he went for more of an orchestrated feel with this one . In many songs , there are quite a but of this . And it works out really well . There are a lot of strong tracks on here . My favorite tracks are `` moment in life '' w/Kindred and Cee-Lo , `` womanopoly '' and `` infatueighties '' . There 's pretty much only one song I ca n't stand and that is `` miss you '' . And there 's another song that I 'm indifferent about , so this prohibits me from giving it a perfect 5 stars , but this is nothing but quality and I would definitely recommend it to most fans of R&B and Hip-Hop . At least those who are n't swayed by most of the mainstream trash that they hear on the radio .
 I 've been a long time Musiq fan , and I was n't disappointed with this CD either ! Practically each track was good . With most of the CD 's you buy nowadays , you end up pressing `` next '' in the car . Not this one ! Musiq 's lyrics are very clear , he tells a story with EVERYTHING he writes , and I really dug `` Womanopoly '' , and the first track should have been a full song , not an interlude . But outside of that , keep putting it down Musiq ! After this CD , I think you can go ahead and put `` soulchild '' back on your name ... !
 The man is back and in full control . I love this cd . It has what I truly believe is classic soul music to the fullest . Soulstar , the interlude is so tight . I wish it was a complete song . I have my seven year olds singing it . Definitely , '' a must have '' . I am a true Musiq fan and I highly reccomend this cd . I loved the last two albums and this one is just another great classic from the '' SOULSTAR '' that he truly is indeed .
 He has done it again . This guy did not miss a beat from the first album to this one . This is for those that truly appreciate the excellent writing skills and the sleek vocal arrangments of an artist that will be here to stay . The title track Soulstar is a killer and it should have been longer which begins my crave for the amazing Prince style writing . The duet with Bilal is definitley HISTORY . Womanopoly has got my head spinning , excellent symbolism . `` WHEREAREYOUGOING '' has the be the best written , melodic keychanging song on this album . You ca n't ask for a better Masterpiece ... Keep it up !!!!!!!
 All of the people that gave Musiq 5 stars are just die-hard Musiq fans . Although I enjoyed this album , it definitely fails in comparison with his other albums . Musiq , who is usually very deep and profound with his lyrics and sends out a thought provoking messages does n't quite do that this time . He definitely could have kept the single entitled babymother , I mean the title alone speaks for itself . I must say after being a gigantic fan of aijuswanaseing and juslisen , I must reluctantly admit that this one does not reach the bar that I know he can reach . Do n't let this discourage you because this is a good album , just not as good as the others .
 I was first introduced to Musiq Soulchild when I purchased the soundtrack to Nutty Professor 2 . It took a little while for `` Just Friends -LRB- Sunny -RRB- '' to grow on me , but once I acquired a liking for the song , I knew that I would pick up Musiq 's 1st CD , `` Aijuswanaseing '' . Once the 2nd single `` Love '' hit radio everyone waned to make sure that they picked this CD up . Some of my favorites included `` Mary Go Round '' , `` Settle For My Love '' , `` You & Me '' , and `` L Is Gone '' which used the same beat as The Roots ' `` Next Movement '' . Overall , Musiq had a nice debut CD on his hands . On his next CD `` Juslisen '' , Musiq proved that there was not going to be a sophomore jinx in his case . Hits like `` Half Crazy '' , and `` Do n't Change '' backed with my favorites `` Newness '' , `` Time '' , `` Stoplayin '' and `` Previouscats '' proved that Musiq was n't going to be a one hit wonder.On `` Soulstar '' , Musiq presents what to me is a direct continuation of `` Juslien '' . The 1st single `` Forthenight '' sounds as if it was made for the clubs . The track is easy to dance to and sounds as if Musiq was looking for a slight change of pace since most of singles lately had been slow jams . `` Dontstop '' which features Bilal , who had a sleeper debut with his `` 1st Born Second '' CD , also is a nice uptempo jam . The two artists blend well together on the 88 Keys produced track . `` Whoknows '' more than likely sounds as if it will be the next single . This song reminds me alot of `` Dontchange '' by how it sounds lyrically . `` Whereareyougoing '' is another slow jam that has Musiq trying to change to be with the woman that he wants to be with for life . The theme is a good one as Musiq wonders wonder or not it is too late to try to start the relationship up again . `` Youloveme '' has Musiq feeling insecure about the current relationship that he is in because of the `` behaviors '' of the girl that he is with . He feels that he may be analyzing the situation too much but he ca n't help to think that there may be some shadiness going on . `` Infaueighties '' is a laid back midtempo song that has Musiq talking about how things are going real well between him and a particular young lady and how that makes him feel.As with every CD there are going to be some faults . In my opinion , Musiq is trying to hard on `` Womanopoly '' . Yes it 's a concept that no one has used before , but after hearing this song you 'll see why they left the concept alone in the first place . `` Missyou '' seems to be a remake of a Rolling Stones tune . I am not sure but the track is wriiten by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards . If it 's not a Rolling Stones song then someone let me know and correct me . However , Musiq you need to leave that alone . There are nothing wrong with remakes but when you try to remake a song you have to make sure that you do the original track some justice . Another problem that I have with `` Soulstar '' is that the CD sounds too much like `` Juslisen '' . Since Musiq released 2 CDs in 2 years , I am assuming that this was his goal . However , some songs from `` Soulstar '' sound like they were left off of `` Juslisen '' and put on this CD.Overall , `` Soulstar '' is a nice CD . The intro with Carol Riddick starts things off right and the majority of the tracks on `` Soulstar '' are worth listening to . However , to maintain serious longevity in the game , you have to change things up a little bit sometimes . Whether it 's with production or the lyrical content , you do n't want your CDs to start sounding like Volumes of one another unless you 're Jay Z . If you are a Musiq fan then you should purchase `` Soulstar '' . If you were n't a fan of `` Juslisen '' then you may want to hear a few tracks before you deicde to `` cop that disc '' . James ' Top 51 -RRB- whoknows2 -RRB- forthenight3 -RRB- dontstop4 -RRB- infatueighties5 -RRB- youloveme
 I love Musiq -LRB- even when he had the Soulchild , do n't get me wrong all the songs are n't hits BUT for the most part he is doing his thing on this album . Cut my man a break , he is trying and I look forward to his new album . I love his voice , his music and him in general . The tracks that are my fav 's are : InfatueightiesWhoknowsFortheNightYouknowyoulovemeMomentinlifeWomanopolyBuy , borrow -LRB- from a friend or Library -RRB- this Cd it 's mellow like the way Neo-soul is supposed to be.Toodles ,
 I have to give it up to Musiq again ! He took this album to another level . He kept his original style , but at the same time he did a lot of new things . He has a grown so much as a vocalist , and I love him.I was already an avid supporter of his , so I bought this alum without even hearing any songs on it.I was not disappointed .
 I have all 3 of Musiq 's CD 's ... and I love him then ... now ... and always . My overall view of his CD is simple put ... AMAZING ! Were does he get that thing from ? My favorite tracks are `` Momentinlife '' `` whoknows '' `` givemorelove '' and `` forthenight `` I will always be a musiq fan ... I am ... simply put ... in awww of you Musiq.Much Love And Continued Sucess ! Lorimer
 Another soul classic from ` soulstar ' Musiq.The upbeat title track with it 's beautiful chorus gets the cd off to a blazing start . ` Babymother ' is a beautiful ballad about an unplanned pregnancy and taking responsibility . The socially concious lyrics continue on ` Womanopoly ' and the Marvin Gaye-ish ` Givemorelove ' . For dancing , there 's the lead off single ` Forthenight ' , ` Do n'tstop ' with Bilal , ` Her ' and ` Romancipation ' . Musiq posesses a tenderness and honesty unseen in most male vocalists.One of the best cds to come out in a while .
 IJustLoveThisCD . Of all the CD 's I recently purchased this is definetly the best one . There is not one single song on this CD that is NOT good , all of them are amazing . I am used to skipping songs so I can listen to the ones I like , but on this CD I do n't have to do that because they are all good.I ca n't say enough good things about Musiq and his Soulstar CD . He is a very talented artist and deserves more recongnition .
 Musiq is no doubt a talented artist that continues to be among the R&B artists that continues to keep soul music alive today . The only problem I have about this album is the timing of its release . Musiq has dropped three album in about three years which has n't really given listeners a chance to see him grow vocally . Between the first and second album Musiq 's vocal and writing ability grew quite a bit , but you can not hear that same growth between the second and third album , None the less Musiq delivers another solid album that puts most of the other Male R&B soloists to shame . Musiq begins the journey with the beautiful uptempo track `` Soulstar '' which is vintage Musiq.Youloveme , Forthenight , and Dontstop featuring Bilal are all nice tracks that is what Musiq is know for . The production on the album is primarily handled by Ivan `` Orthadox '' Barias and Carvin Higins two of the most talented producers in any music genre today . I guess the album is what I expected but Musiq has established a leval of quality each time out and he continues to maintain that quality .
 I love this main . He is the Stevie of our time . His music remains soulful and is entrenched with meaning . I love the beats and lyrics . He continues to explore more of what soul music is , and can be.The intro is bangin ' . I love # 5 and # 10 especially . I can honestly put all 3 albums in rotation and be entertained for hours . Cop this album !
 I have read through the other reviews , and I respect their opinions ... BUT THEY ARE WAAAAAAAY OFF REGARDING SOULSTAR . Each album is different , and represents the natural progression of growth . Change is good , but he has n't gone far from his wonderful ability to make his words jump off the page and smack you in the face . For those of us caught up in the `` puppy love '' feel of 143 or Girl Next Door , we have all grown up and matured and can now appreciate songs like Whoknows or Moment in Life or Her . Musiq is a wonderful artist that has allowed his creative ability to not be suppressed by current media/market perceptions . For those that have never seen Musiq live , then yes I understand this might be a little different from what you might be used to . But if you truly love Soul Music ... real soul Music and not any of these cracker box imitations ... then it will make sense like Prince , Donny , Marvin , and Billy H. did . This CD is a must have , as are all of the rest . It has been playing in the car , home , and work for since the store opened Tuesday ! Believe me this CD has some tracks that might nock some of your other Musiq favorites out of the box.He keeps getting better . Do n't take my word for it though , listen for yourself !
 this album is so old school in its heavy hitting beats . I 'm addicted . There is nothing sad on this album -LRB- except for the very serious song babymother -LCB- about becoming an unexpectant father -RCB- -RRB- . It 's a feel good CD . Even the leaveamessage track is fun .
 At first I did n't really care for this album , but after a couple of listens , I love it . Neo-soul is here to stay and Musiq is the greatest . My favorite tracks are Womanopoly , Babymother , Who Knows , and so on . This cd is hot and I ca n't wait for the next one .
 Musiq does it again ! Keeping with the tradition of his previous works , you 'll find that this album is right inline with his paved style in hip-hop . You 'll find beats that keep your body in movement and of course it 's lyrically righteous!Oh , and if you loved ` dontchange ' on the previous album , then ` whoknows ' sets a similar groove as a hip love-ballad .
 Great Cd ... . I love Musiq soulchild and always have . I decided to get all his CDs after I saw him in concert . I wanted them anyway just never took action .
 I really like his music and enoy to listening to it all the time . I would recommend this cd to everyone .
 I love Every song Musiq Souldchild sings.I love Every song Musiq Souldchild sings.I love Every song Musiq Souldchild sings.I love Every song Musiq Souldchild sings .
 Love this mans music . He has the same , consistent sound we have grown to love yet he still takes it to different levels to keep it fresh and inspiring . What I praise most about musiq is that he believes in love and romance . He does n't sing about sex , alcohol and bling like many new artists do . He respects women through his music and you ca n't help but want a bit of musiq in your life ! I also saw him in concert in Sydney , Australia and the man is very talented . Again , a natural born singer . His career has a long way to go because I really do n't see it getting old . Highly recommend this album and all the following as well . We love you MUSIQ !
 Love , love , love this album . I have all of Musiq 's album and he performs at his best on all of them . But this one is one of my favorites . If you 're exploring neosoul or r & b this is a great artist to get started with !
 I 'm a huge fan of Musiq ! I recently heard the cd again & decided to purchase
 Thanks for giving me such a great product . I could not tell that this CD was used at all . It was taken very well care of . No scratches , skips or anything ! Keep up the good work !
 First of all I have to give props to Musiq for making a great album . Now for those of you who 've never heard of Musiq I got ta put you on him and for those who 've thought about buying the album but just need a second opinion then check the review
 Once again , Musiq has put the artform of `` real music '' into true perspective . I was n't displeased at anything on this disc at all . Every track on `` Soulstar '' is rythmistic and fluent . This is definately without a shadow of a doubt `` THEE Best CD '' of Musiq 's collection thus far ... , PERIOD !!!
 I was excited when I found out that Musiq releasing a new CD . Even though he has very few guest appearences on his album , I 'm never dissapointed when it comes down to Musiq ; he 's a musiqkal genius when it comes to his albums . Although I wish I could see him in concert here in Phoenix but I know that it wo n't be possible because not too many people in Phoenix has ever heard of Musiq and how tight he is . I 'm not gon na analyze the CD nor his creativity , he is who he is and his music is self ~ explanitory . All I know is that he 's not down with commercialism , and he wants to set an example to his fans that you do n't have to sell yourself short just to make a great album -LRB- w / a tight CD jacket -RRB- and be successful , there are other ways besides being bombarded by ghettoized images that are displayed in other people 's music and videos.To me , that 's a true artist in it 's entirety . The thing that got me is the track that he did w / Kindred -LRB- the family soul -RRB- and Cee ~ lo -LRB- which happens to be from my hometown -RRB- . Illadeph is where it 's at Fa'Sho , and Musiq along w / Jill Scott , The Kindred , Bilal , The Roots , Jeff Bradshaw , and let 's not forget Floetry , represents that very well .
 Musiq has put to together one solid project with his third effort Soulstar . The album is incredibly self assured and focused . It is rare that I enjoy a CD on first listen , but Soulstar is worthy of such recognition . In addition the use of guest stars such as Cee-lo and Kindred on Momentinlife and Carol Riddick on Soulstar do not seem forced , but a well throughout and executed idea . As I said in the review over a year ago for Juslisten , It took a while for it to grow on me . Soulstar grabbed me on first listen , and I plan to continue to hear what Musiq has to say .
 Musiq did it again every song on here i like to some sort but my favorite , favorite , is `` Momentinlife '' with kindred and cee-loguiness !!! I recommend this to all the `` real musiq Lovers `` I agree with the other person who said that Kindred was overlooked cause that was the truth . They did not get the credit that was due . come on yall lets get the Real Artist to the top cause that is where Real music Lives and is created . They Deserve it ! But anyway Musiq Wonderful job it just gets better and better .
 I knew I could n't go wrong with Musiq . I have his other two albums and I love them . I would have given him 5 stars , but there 's a song , I 'm not too crazy about . But other than that . Musiq 's got it going on .
 Like to say I 'm really lovin ' and feelin ' this album ! It shows a new way to show himself approval in the R&B ; / Neo-Soul world . I admire Musiq when he puts out great hits that talks from the heart . That 's why I 'm a huge Musiq fan . This is definitely the ones I may keep ` round a long time 'cause nobody who loves music or are n't real addicted to R&B ; must ` nt live w/o this.I thank God that he 's keepin it real and always will in the near future . I know I told everybody I play the trumpet . Maybe 1 day I work with him . But God told me he 's has something plan 4 me right there . He saying `` Henry u 're not ready for a music career just yet . Love what you 're doing but they 're a lot of things you have to sacrifice in life other than music . '' Y' know that 's something I 'm awaiting now when I go to college or else wait until I done my education and everything.Anyway , long period short , I give the album 4.5 stars even tho I never had any problems with it or whatever . I still believe it 's a good CD . Here are my favorites from the album
 This is a good cd it takes a while to grow on you you have to get use to the soulfullness then you 'll be dancing away , he could of went harder on some songs tho . The production was on point ill give it to him there , keep doin what you do musiq !
 This is some of The Prodigy 's best remixing yet . This CD is like a musical assult on your ears .
 Heard the song on Charlie 's Angels movie and it was n't listed on the soundtrack . Did some research and finally found the song . Love the &#34; dance &#34; music beat !
 `` Firestarter '' is one of Prodigy 's strongest singles . Naturally , you already have the title track on the corresponding `` Fat of the Land '' LP . This single does what a good single should
 This cd reminds me musically of early Maiden . You know , galloping guitars and drums that have the charge straight ahead kind of feel to it . The vocals are typical NWOBHM , but not in the Dickerson range . Elixir also do the twin guitar attack very well . I have always loved this genre and all the little known bands from the era . This is only cd I have from the band , but it is one of my favorites to put on and listen to the glory days .
 If you like Hide 's metal sound you 'll love this album . You get his talent , voice , and crazy sound from his american band ! First time i heard it i was amazed how different yet so similar the songs are from his japanese band , Hide with Spread Beaver . Lots of diversity in this one ! A must get for any Hide fan !
 Zilch , 3-person band , with a Japanse vocalist -LRB- who made all the music -RRB- , HIDE and two American guitarists , made revolutionary sounds breaking free from the traditional rocks throughout 1960 's - ' 80 's . Their sound so solid and the rhythm so speedy words so powerful , they can instantly knock you down . HIDE , this soulful rock singer from Japan , is an artist -LRB- originallly a skillful yet soulful guitarist -RRB- with natural talent as a melody maker and an instinct for turning anything rock . The words are with a contrasting combination of romaticism and sarcasm . It is a shame that some of the meanings of POSE and DOUBT seem to have been lost while the Japanese words writtten by HIDE were trans `` formed '' -LRB- not translated -RRB- into Engligh . But most of the songs are well transformed and the music itself is so powerful . It is the last album he has created with other Zilch members as he passed away due to an accident in 1998 but he stays as a charismatic figure -LRB- in Japan -RRB- and will continue to attract thousand of souls worldwide . HIDE 's rock spirits foreever !!
 This is really a great album . I heard of the band thanks to the Heavy Metal 2000 soundtrack and finally found a copy of the cd and it 's just amazing . It 's really a shame that it 's so hard to find and an even bigger shame that the singer is dead . This is a MUST BUY for any fan of newer metal/industrial stuff
 While there are hints of late 90 's rock in this CD , the production is as good as anything today . hide is amazing , as a song writer , and guitarist . It 's amazing that he is actually singing in English ! Of course , we will never have another CD of this type , as hide is no longer physically with us . This is a fine example what he was capable of here in America . Too bad it 's the last . : -LRB-
 this album is the best album ever ! yo ! hide was a great musician and he influenced on many rock kids like me ~ ~ ~ ~ i love you hide ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ zilch forever ~ ~ ~ ~
 HITS . HITS . HITS . there might be 4-5 songs that you would want to skip over on a TWO DISC cd . HITS .
 MONEY , TIME , AND SWEAT WAS WASTED ON THIS ALBUM!I NEVER HEARD OF MAC DIZZLE UNTIL NOW AND HONESTLY IM NOT IMPRESSED!OVERALL IT WAS COO
 I would venture to say that Villa-Lobos is an unknown composer . The claim may sound preposterous in the face of the popularity of the Bachianas Brasileiras and some of the Chors . But Villa-Lobos was an incredibly prolific composer , and most of his output other than the famous warhorses is hardly known , played and recorded . Yet much of it is superb . The sonic , melodic and orchestral imagination just poured out of the composer 's pen , nourished by the sap of the Amazonian forest and Brazilian popular culture . In the mid-1990s conductor Roberto Duarte and Marco Polo released four CDs devoted to lesser-known aspects of the composer 's orchestral music , and this is one of them -LRB- for the others see my reviews ofGenesis / Erosao / Amazonas,Villa-Lobos
 This song is amazing , it was inspired by the song `` I Shot The DJ '' off of their We Bring the Noise album . it is an extreamly catchy song with awsome lyrics by H.P Baxxter this is by far one of the best scooter singles to date and is a must have for all scooter fans .
 No complaints , all kudos , straight riding music , pop it in , roll down your window , let the cruising begin !
 If you 're a long time fan of Jamiroquai , this first release from Synkronized will shake your booty ! I sincerely LOVE Jay Kay , and the heart and soul that he and the group put into a song like this . You can really tell that they are honest to god , REAL musicians ! What a joy this song is to listen to , it will make your day , as well as kick you in the bellbottoms . I highly recommend this song , and everything this group produces . Now get out yo chair and boogie !!
 Chances are if yer not Australian yer not gon na understand TISM ... from the band that brought you `` Defecate on my Face '' and `` There 'll Never Be An Ole Man -LRB- River -RRB- '' comes their lastest . Tackling the hard issues ... `` I might have screwed yer sister but I never screwed yer mum ... I might have gone to uni but at least I know I 'm dumb '' ... Yes . . they can rhyme with the best of 'em ... but in the end its just good ole fashioned TISM ! R U A YOB ? nuh ... yer a wanker ... I 'd actually say this was one of the best things out this year .
 BUY THIS IF YOU WANT TO KNOW THE TRUTH ABOUT THE AUSTRALIAN MALE IN THE 1990 's . An absolute masterpiece in the TISM tradition .
 I would never know about TISM if i didnt marry a Aussie ... After hearing Ol ` Man River -LRB- Machavelli & the four seasons -RRB- cd . I was hooked . -LRB- Wanker.com -RRB- is great in your face music and its got a beat thats nothing i can find in the states . Its a little tough for us Yanks to understand but all that I 've made listen to it love it at first hear . . the beat and the tunes you just cant stop singing ... aka `` whatareya '' & `` yob '' and the second disk `` Aussie Guitar '' is great ! hope to seem them soon ...
 A great release from the cult Australian band TISM . One of the great independant releases for 1998 , www.tism.wanker.com has it all and is sure to offend most listeners . The fourth album from TISM and as good as the rest . Buy it and you will instantly be more attractive to both men and women.Paul Daly
 Although TISM 's foul , derogatory lyrics and drum machine beat may not be for everyone , www.tism.wanker.com is an amazing album . Catchy , amusing and intelligent . The fourth full length studio album from the masked Australian band is yet another accomplishment for their fine career .
 lets all put our hands together ... The boys from tism have climaxed with this ; it is a timeless masterpiece ... Start to finish 5 stars ... must experience ...
 I have to admit that I was looking forward to the new TISM release , but was totally disappointed with its low life comments on contempary society and its mass market appeal . TISM has controlled my mind since 1995 , but since going to my TISM Fans Anonymous sessions I have now once more taking control of my life , and can see TISM for what it really is , ` It 's Novel It 's Unique ' .
 Music to just make you get in the bollocky and jump around until see yourself in the mirror and notice how stupid you look.It reminds me of a sensless waste of a good night I once had at the Prince of Wales Hotel , with more than a couple of VB 's and Carlton Draughts under the belt , singing Ween songs to tunes of Sammy Davis Jr.This is one hell of a CD . A must buy , cherished along with your collection of Rick Springfield B-sides , anything from K-tel and Motorhead.Just sit down , turn it up to 11 and have a cone . You 'll laugh for ages !
 I used to live in Australia -LRB- navy brat -RRB- . I experienced Tism as a boy of 14 and loved them . Machiavelli and The Four Seasons was my first album of theirs and it was just bloody awesome . I recommend anyone who is interested in strange electonically produced music -LRB- as Tism guarantees that all intruments used to produce the above said album had to be plugged in -RRB- to check them out . I 'm glad that there are Others Yanks out there who know about them too . I feel slightly better about the state of the world in general .
 You 've read what others have said but let it be said one more time - This Is Serious Mum are the greatest band in the world today , and their latest CD confirms it . You might see the track list and think that there are n't as many songs as previous efforts , so make sure you get the special double cd edition . Stick it in your computer for an interesting interview and other sundry multimedia doodad 's . Order this CD now and enjoy Australia 's finest !!!
 Dance-able , rockin , funky FUN ! cool samples , incredibly funny and clever lyrics ! and a good pastiche of styles , too . The cream of Australian music . Why are n't they more famous ?!?! - Luke Eygenraam
 TISM -LRB- This Is Serious Mum -RRB- formed in around 1988 and became an overnight success with the release of He 'll never be an Ol' man River and Greg the Stop sign in 1994 . This is the latest in thier vengance on Australian society . Their fans ar n't called fans but rather `` victims '' due to the fact that they are fanatics . They simply state that TISM are gods and all other bands are pop culture tools . Why ? Well TISM sing about how pop music is regurgitated crap and that youth follow them like tools of the record companies . If you hate Hanson , Maryln Manson , and disco danc ` n. You 'll love TISM . Oh , and their into poetry , the condensending sarcastic type . Favourite song off this album ; Whatareya ?
 I picked up the album in Oz after seeing them in Brisbane , and it 's like a breath of fresh air . I wish more people in the UK would open up their narrow little minds and listen to them . They are one of the funniest , most original things to come out of Australia , and I am so glad I have had the opportunity to hear this great album .
 Willie , singing Gospel have really touch my heart .
 I recently reviewed a Malipiero-Louisville collection and while I thought the music pleasurable , I found nothing in it that was really remarkable and susceptible of sticking in memory -LRB- see my review ofGian Francesco Malipiero
 Seriously the art work , music and general theme reek of glam rock.But If you love Ziggy/Bowie and glam era its not bad , reminds me alot of the Velvet Goldmine movie for some reason for its sameless copying of bowies classic album . I picked this up around 1998 in a dumpster bin at a discount music store for probably around 99centsAnd its definately not the worst 99cents I 've spent.Velventeen / Glitter Queen = Lady StardustShoeGazer = Ziggy Stardust
 Band members
 I remember reading somewhere that the Dahomeyan Rhapsody , though perhaps inspired by the West African nation , has a distinctly Russian flavor , and this is also certainly true of the symphony . Kalinnikov & Arensky came to mind as I listened to this piece for the first time , and as I listened more and thought less of Russian comparisons and more of De Boeck , the music still strikes me as Russian in the shapes of the melodies , the style of the orchestration , and in the development of the themes . I have n't as yet spent enough time with the violin concerto to feel adequate to advance an opinion , but can assuredly say that if you enjoy late romantic symphonic music you will probably enjoy the symphony and rhapsody , and the adverb ` probably ' has no place in this sentence if you enjoy late romantic symphonic music from Russia . For in that case , you will certainly enjoy this music .
 The Flemish composer August de Boeck -LRB- 1865-1937 -RRB- wrote a single symphony -LRB- 1895 -RRB- , but it has actually been well served on disc . I have not heard any of the other recordings , but the performance here by the Royal Flanders PO under Fr&eacute;d&eacute;ric Devreese is spirited and energetic if a little short on tonal luster . Boeck is credited -LRB- together with Gilson -RRB- with introducing impressionism to Belgium , but there is nothing impressionistic about this -LRB- admittedly relatively early -RRB- symphony ; it is rather heavily influenced by the Russian Five and in particular Borodin . In fact , it sounds pretty much like another Borodin symphony , complete with the Russian master 's interesting harmonic proceedings and rhythmic profile . It is a genial , effective and thoroughly likable work , and if it does n't quite reach Borodin 's level in terms of thematic memorability , Boeck seems to have been aware of his limitations , and nothing in the symphony ever outstays its welcome.The violin concerto is much later -LRB- 1929 -RRB- , and if there are faint touches of impressionism here , the Russian connection still seems much stronger . It has the same virtues as the symphony - nothing lasts longer than the material is able to sustain , the melodic profile is strong -LRB- the themes are generally more memorable than in the symphony -RRB- and the work comes across as a thoroughly fine one -LRB- again , I have not heard the alternative recording available -RRB- . The early Dahomeyan Rhapsody -LRB- 1893 -RRB- is rather slight , but still rather enjoyable.Throughout the performances are , as already mentioned , spirited , lively and generally assured . There are moments of questionable intonation in the winds , but they are relatively few and do not seriously detract from the enjoyment . More noticeably , the strings should really be fuller and have more punch . Guido de Neve is a fine soloist in the concerto , with a singing , lyrical tone -LRB- any moment of unsteadiness is quickly forgotten -RRB- . Overall , then , this is a very enjoyable release of music that should be well-known among those with a penchant for less familiar romantic music , and the performances are at least more than good enough to secure thorough enjoyment on the part of the listener . Recommended .
 Before I bought this CD , I had read two different reviews which both said , `` there 's a lot going on in here '' . I thought that was a cop-out that left me as a potential CD buyer with no clue about whether I 'd actually like the CD or not . Exactly WHAT was `` going on '' ? WHY was it going on ? These were questions that I wanted answered . So I bought the CD and I 've listened to it several times now . Y' know what ? There really IS a lot going in here . But let me try to give you a little more information than that.First of all , the general sound . The reviews I 'd read tended to compare A Beautiful Day to the works of Ellington or other big bands . Personally , I think the general sound is more akin to the work of Charles Mingus ' larger scale recordings , in particular his `` Let My Children Hear Music '' record . You 'll hear a lot of very exciting and imaginative performances and jazz compositions in A Beautiful Day . In the opening piece you 'll hear two simultaneous sax solos ; either one of these solos is exciting enough to stand on their own . In Faded Beauty you 'll hear a truly beautiful melody which is played by the flute actually fade right before your ears with a technique that sounds like over-blowing . You 'll hear solos that comment on the ensemble , and ensemble breaks that comment on the solos including within the song A Beautiful Day , raucous laughter that breaks out after a particularly tense sax solo . Andrew Hill is supposed to be one of today 's most imaginative jazz composers and you 'll hear ample evidence of that talent in the amazing number of composition techniques used throughout this offering.So , should you buy this CD ? I personally think it 's one of the best CDs I 've heard in awhile . I think it is large-ensemble jazz at it 's very finest , but I would n't necessarily recommend that you buy it . The reason is that I do n't know you . So , be forewarned that if you 're looking for a smooth jazz style CD to use as romantic background music for a date , then A Beautiful Day wo n't work for you . Trying to convince someone that A Beautiful Day is romantic will likely result in a knowing glance from your date that sentences you to an endless stream of lonely Saturday nights . However if you 'd like to own a CD full of very exciting jazz band performances , coupled with enough detail and imagination to provide excitement even after many , many , many listenings , then let me assure you that you 'll certainly find a lot to enjoy within A Beautiful Day .
 This will be looked upon as a work of genius in 40 or so years just as his blue notes from the 60s have been more popular than ever . with open ears . From the Mingus meets Weather Report opener Divine Revelation to the inspired reed work on Faded Beauty to the through composed mind f*ck of Belezza . The peak for me is New Pinnochio a relentlessy-dark piano concerto where the leader is showcased . It is best listened to at home in headphones . THIS IS NOT FREE JAZZ . It sounds like it sometimes in the dense solo sections . They 're are creating textures and colors as they go , but the time is consistent . This is focused and sofisticated stuff . Stop trying to count and you 'll feel the pulse . It is a shame the Nasheet and Colley combo did not record and album . I also wish Andrew were coming anywhere near Minneapolis anytime soon . Chicago would be worth it . I wish a lot of things . -LRB- sigh -RRB-
 Before I bought this CD , I had read two different reviews which both said , `` there 's a lot going on in here '' . I thought that was a cop-out that left me as a potential CD buyer with no clue about whether I 'd actually like the CD or not . Exactly WHAT was `` going on '' ? WHY was it going on ? These were questions that I wanted answered . So I bought the CD and I 've listened to it several times now . Y' know what ? There really IS a lot going in here . But let me try to give you a little more information than that.First of all , the general sound . The reviews I 'd read tended to compare A Beautiful Day to the works of Ellington or other big bands . Personally , I think the general sound is more akin to the work of Charles Mingus ' larger scale recordings , in particular his `` Let My Children Hear Music '' record . You 'll hear a lot of very exciting and imaginative performances and jazz compositions in A Beautiful Day . In the opening piece you 'll hear two simultaneous sax solos ; either one of these solos is exciting enough to stand on their own . In Faded Beauty you 'll hear a truly beautiful melody which is played by the flute actually fade right before your ears with a technique that sounds like over-blowing . You 'll hear solos that comment on the ensemble , and ensemble breaks that comment on the solos including within the song A Beautiful Day , raucous laughter that breaks out after a particularly tense sax solo . Andrew Hill is supposed to be one of today 's most imaginative jazz composers and you 'll hear ample evidence of that talent in the amazing number of composition techniques used throughout this offering.So , should you buy this CD ? I personally think it 's one of the best CDs I 've heard in awhile . I think it is large-ensemble jazz at it 's very finest , but I would n't necessarily recommend that you buy it . The reason is that I do n't know you . So , be forewarned that if you 're looking for a smooth jazz style CD to use as romantic background music for a date , then A Beautiful Day wo n't work for you . Trying to convince someone that A Beautiful Day is romantic will likely result in a knowing glance from your date that sentences you to an endless stream of lonely Saturday nights . However if you 'd like to own a CD full of very exciting jazz band performances , coupled with enough detail and imagination to provide excitement even after many , many , many listenings , then let me assure you that you 'll certainly find a lot to enjoy within A Beautiful Day .
 I discovered Palmetto Records in the course of expanding my Jazz collection . I listened to Andrew Hill 's 60 's Blue Note recordings but admit he was not one of my favorites , I decided to listen with fresh ears to his new stuff and so got `` Dusk '' and this one - `` A beautiful day '' . I think his Palmetto albums are better than his 60 's stuff and have excellent recording quality too . It is evident Palmetto records places great priority on presenting the music in the best light , each Palmetto disc I have sounds phenomenal . These compositions and solo improvisations border on avant-garde . I agree with the reviewer who hears Mingus in this , that was my impression also but it 's further out and denser . `` Dusk '' reminded me a little of Miles Davis ' 60 's quintet recordings , specifically `` Nefertiti '' and `` Sorcerer '' . That 's not to say Hill does ` nt have his own voice because he always has . What I 'm trying to say is the music here sounds thoroughly modern while simultaneously feeling like it is from another time . That Andrew Hill did ` nt really do any recording for such a long time and then appear with works of great power so late in his career is astounding . He will be missed . This cd turned out to be the perfect next step from my last Jazz purchase - `` George Russell Live at Beethoven hall '' . I recommend `` A beautiful Day '' for more adventurous jazz listeners . Jazz of this quality is a rare thing in this age .
 At once both dense , edgy , and achingly beautiful , this live release , recorded during a three-night run at New York 's Birdland in January 2002 received well-deserved acclaim from critics , ranking high in almost every `` best of '' poll from that year . The band of fourteen works Hill 's distinctive compositions without overwhelming , allowing from introspective soloes and Hill 's own accomplished piano figures . Parts of it are reminiscent of Gershwin 's jazz-like symphonies , while other moments find the band going from elegantly quiet soloes to densely layered sheets of sound . A Beautiful Day is a recording that joyfully requires repeated listenings to discern every nuance .
 Sorry I had to copy another review 's title but I could n't agree more with it . Years pass by and really , only 1 % of all music is any good . 1 Fille & 4 Types is an album that defines what music was always meant to be . It 's emotional and creative . I LOVE the cover of this album . Celine in a natural environment with Jacques , Erick , Jean-Jacques , and Gildas . This is MUSIC people ! It 's not trying to be something it 's not . She does n't try to be Britney here like she does on `` One Heart . '' This album is all about creativity and art . I 'm serious here people . Albums like this do n't come around every day . If you do n't buy this album you are missing something special . I do n't care if you 're not a Celine Dion fan . I do n't care if you do n't understand French . This is QUALITY music !
 I have all Celine 's albums since 1990 but this is one of my favourites ! Its her best since 1997 '' lets talk about love '' multi-million seller.If you know french or not it does n't matter here , the songs are so good and her voice sounds so nice that you will love it ! great songs are '' le vol d'un ange '' , '' tu nages '' , '' je lui dirai '' , '' mon homme '' , '' contre nature '' , '' des milliers de baisers '' and the most AMAZING french song she has ever done '' RIEN N `` EST VRAIMENT FINI '' - its musicality you can feel it ! It comes from the heart ! I could go on about how good the album is but buy it and see you will love it ! Unfortunatelly the album did not sell well in the Uk -LRB- due to a lack of promotion also -RRB- - just to show how bad the music industry is at the moment - this is a masterpiece!Forget about her last 2 albums -- Believe me this is Celine 's best french album so far !
 This album is what ONE HEART should have been . What 's better is that it 's in FRENCH ! Celine is a great singer ... but she does sooo much better when she sings in her native tongue . It seems easier for her to sing . I am so glad that there are no ads for Chrysler on the inside of the CD jewel case . Actually , all of these songs are really good ... nice and acustic sounding . This is a good album to play in the car while driving on a crisp fall afternoon . I highly recommend this one ... you wo n't be disappointed !
 The last few years have been a roller coaster for Celine Dion , and her music of late seems to reflect that - she 's released dance tunes , ballads , and even jazz classics . However , Celine returns to her roots on `` 1 Fille & 4 Types '' with songs that are not only in her native French , but beautiful tracks.You do n't have to understand the language to appreciate the tunes contained on this album . They are all very much alive , and there is distinct emotion communicated in each . To write about each one would take more time and room than either of us have patience for , so here are the highlights : ` Je Lui Dirai '
 This is a fifth French album of Celine Dion . And it is great ! For Celine singing in French is singing from her heart . Celine Dion , a french-canadian , started her career by singing in French . It is French that defines Celine 's personal identity as it is in our mother tongue that we can best express ourselves.Generally , Dion 's French albums are better than the English ones . They all have soul , they are more subtle , they are carefully planned and released . `` 1 fille & 4 types '' -LRB- a girl and 4 guys -RRB- continues this tradition . Tender tunes , meaningful lyrcis , and great vocals.Is the new French album for francophones only ? No . But it helps a lot if you understand a bit of French : - -RRB- What describes the album
 If you wish to hold in your hands the best album ever heard , seen , produced , or recorded , order C&eacute;line Dion 's 1 FILLE & 4 TYPES .1 F & 4T is extroadinary . It is different than any album I 've ever heard , and it 's VERY different from C&eacute;line 's English works . These songs have SOUL ! CDs like this do n't come around often ; everything is covered here with grace , simplicity , and quality
 The new CD by Celine Dion is really good . The French lyrics add a sweet touch to the ear , and each song is exquisite and unique . Tout l'or des hommes is unique in its hard rock theme . Apprends-moi seems a bit too pop ballady . My favorite on the album , Le vol d'un ange , is a emotionally touching and a beautiful-tuned song . Je lui dirai is very funky , and Ne bouge pas is hilarious . Get the CD !
 Whenever people criticize me for being a C&eacute;line Dion fan , I always tell them to listen to her in French because it is so much better than her English recordings . While I like many of those as well , 1 Fille & 4 Types is of the same quality as D'eux and S'il Suffisait D'Aimer . The melodic quality and intimacy of these recordings really makes her vocals shine without the overblown aspects people tend to dislike in her English songs . Give it a try !
 I 'm sure most Americans will ignore this CD just because it 's sung in French . It 's their loss , I tell you , since this is where Celine is more authentic . Without the pressure of having to sell a gazillion CDs in the American market , she takes a detour from her mainstream career , and it 's a very good thing . This Celine does n't feel she has to be singing high notes all the time , and experiments with more country/folk songs . Even let the 4 guys -LRB- `` 4 types '' -RRB- of the CD title sing with her ! Brava , Celine ! If you enjoy this title , go back and also buy her previous French-language release , the beautiful `` S'il suffisait d'aimer . ''
 When Celine sings in French , I believe she does understand the lyrics . You bet
 Okay , let 's be objective , A NEW DAY HAS COME was a fine album , ONE HEART was simply the crappiest Celine album ever , but now she brings us this piece of art for those who appreciate her french music . . her roots . This album was targeted mainly for french and Canadian people , but it 's topping the charts all over Europe , because of its quality!It is a musical piece of art which combines folk with blues and some irish shades . With tremendous guitar arrangements played by the amazing Gildas Arzel each song turns into a living nostalgia.Her voice is relaxed as it 's never been , and she does n't try to force it to hit high notes . . she just sings with her heart.even if u do n't speak french , u 'll love this album for its musicality !!!!!!!!! GO AND BUY IT - WO N'T REGRET
 Congrats Celine ! Again . She made it . Another big success for releasing this new French CD . Debut # 1 in Canada , and France . -LSB- ... -RSB- Anyway , she has tried to sing a little bit more rock 'n' rolls kinda style this time . It 's a good try for her , but I still like her ballad , and I highly recommend `` apprends-moi '' and `` je t ` aime encore '' .
 Wow ! What an album ! This is seriously way better and alot more diversified than her two previously released french album `` D'eux '' and `` S'il Suffisait D'aimer '' . From acoustic `` sit around a fire '' type songs , to western acadian , strong and moving ballads , passing by celtic and good pop/rock ... It is very very good and not `` commercialy '' aimed . It dos n't have little `` cheesy pop '' like -LSB- ... -RSB- and all ... Deep lyrics , wonderful concept and ... WOW !! Two thumbs up for Celine and her `` 4 types '' ! You will NOT regret getting this album !
 If you think Celine Dion is fabulous in English , you should hear her in French . Her sound is much more original , less commericial . 1F4T is a fantastic album . It has an organic , rock sound . You do n't need to know french to love this album or any of her last few french albums -LRB- d'eux , s ` il suffaist d'aimer , chante plamodon -RRB- . I do n't know any french and i 'm not some obsessed fan . but i love the french albums anyway because they are the best of an incredible artist whose english output can be quite bland and uninspired sometimes.The track listing : tout l'or des hommesapprends-moile vol d'un angene bouge pastu nagesje t ` aime encore -LRB- english version with french title is on `` One Heart '' -RRB- retiens-moije lui diraimon hommerien n'est vraiment finicontre naturedes milliers de baisersplus the bonus `` ghost track '' not listed anywhere on the cd : valse adieu
 Cet album est chant&eacute; vraiment bien . Jean-Jacques et les autres `` types '' ont bien fait ! Les chansons sont pas forte en vocales , mais les paroles sont tr&egrave;s tr&egrave;s &eacute;mouvantes . Surtout `` Rien n'est vraiment fini '' . `` Je Lui Dirai '' , c'est le fun . Son premier 45 `` Tout L'Or Des Hommes '' place le feeling pour le reste de l'album . C'est super , a ! Ach&egrave;te l'album ! a vaut l'argent !
 I bought this album this morning , as I normally buy Celine 's albums on the first day of their release . I have all of Celine 's other French albums , but this one stands heads and shoulders above the rest . The style and feel of this album is nothing short of AMAZING ! This is by far her best album -LRB- English or French -RRB- . Even if you do n't understand the words , the feeling of the music is enought to inspire . Great , great , great album !
 Celine dion is magnificent on this album . Even though its french she 's still great . She hits very high notes . Its Just an amazing album . Its very great . It Deserves a grammy award . Its Fantastic you should really bye it .
 Really a superb album . It does not exist there of enough strong word to describe the beauty of this album . As C&eacute;line said at the time of her concert In France : `` the more beautiful language to sing the love is French '' This album 100 % French proves it.Celine Dion who goes down from Hugues Capet , King of France -LRB- like George W Bush but of him one of tappe -RRB- , is the ambassadress of the French language in the world . Highly the next album in French from Celine .
 I think , from reading all the other reviews , that people missed the best song on the album . Je Lui Dirai . From the perspective of a french-canadian , I have to say that this song , with it 's powerful , beautiful , and sad lyrics is one of the greatest anthems for french canadian history that I have ever heard . Most of the people who read it obviously did n't look at the translation if they did n't speak french . It is a song that speaks to the struggle , not just of native French-Canadians , but also to the original American colonists and people everywhere . The rest of the songs are also worth a look , too . She follows much more in an earthly vein with this album . It 's excellent .
 This album is brilliant ! If you buy it , I guarantee it 'll be the best album you buy all year !
 I am afraid to buy this album and i asked the sales girl if i could listen to it before i purchase it and i did . I listen to the first song and i knew i would buy this cd home . I am a Chinese and knew nothing about French but i just listen to it over and over again in my cd player and the voice is amazing and the music feels a little like while you are on the highway and this feels like a country cd . But the voice is good and the first 5 songs ae amazing but the rest are just so-so .
 I love love love this CD . I dont speak french but its still great . I would recommend this CD to everyone .
 This album , in English , translates to One Girl and Four guys . Having some males behind celine 's voice compliments her well . Exceptional as usual !!
 Not a trascendent sound . If you are a CEline fan , you will be pleased , but that 's it .
 I love this CD , do n't get me wrong ; I like Celine Dion , even the pop albums that she has been accused of `` selling out '' with.But this CD is by far her best in a while ! It shows her voice as what it really is , amazing , with out needing any synthesized sounds . I enjoy the songs with Jean-Jacques Goldman the most ; a great singer/song writer with a wonderful voice on showcase!Even if you do n't understand French you will enjoy the feeling and power put into this CD . I would recommend this album to any Celine lover , and for anyone who 's not ... give this one a try , you might find she does have `` the pipes '' after all
 Excellent album but not as good as her earlier albums en Francais , in terms of the songs ' melodies and lyrics . Yet it is still Celine .
 I can not speak any french so I have no idea what she 's singing about . Does n't matter . This cd is amazing . And what is great is that you do n't have to be her typical fan to like it . The production seems different on this cd . It 's more of a low key affair but her vocal delivery will blow you away . Check out all the 5 star reviews this cd gets . This is one for a true music lover .
 I ordered this CD online from mymusic.com and I recieved it in the mail today . I ca n't believe I could n't find it at the store !! I 've listened to this whole CD already in one day , and I love it so much ! Let me just tell you it 's much better than One Heart . And even though it 's French , I still enjoy it and somehow I love C&eacute;line more better in French than in English . I think she sounds better in French ! Also even though this album is yet French , do n't let that bother you , you will still enjoy it like I have enjoyed it . I reccomend everybody pick this CD up today before they run out!P.S.My favorite songs are
 This is the 22nd cd I have of Celine Dion . Even though I do not understand a word of French her voice is truly magical and the songs she has selected for this cd are wonderful .
 I had been anticipating her next French album , and when I first heard a piece of the title track Tout L'or Des Hommes , I did n't like it , until I heard the entire album.Wow!This album is unlike any other album I 've heard.I 'm a devoted Celine Dion fan , and this album makes me even more devoted . Her English album are good , bur her French album are even better . Purchase this CD , and you too will be amazed . Do n't let the fact that it 's in French deter you , it will make you appreciate her voice even more . Hopefull her next Enlish album will cover such a wide area of styles.Loved it !
 This is Celine 's best work ... ever ! I 've never enjoyed Celine 's English work as much as her French 's and this is her most accomplished and enchanting French work to date . It 's phenomenally lyrical and melodic and full of classic tracks like Mon Homme , Des Milliers De Baisers , Tu Nages , Apprandes-Moi and Rien n'est Vraiment FiniThis album really proves that music knows no borders or language barriers . Regardless of your familiarity level with the French language , this album will find its way to your heart in no time . Celine 's angelic vocals will alleviate you to a level of music enjoyment only this album can create . It 's that powerful .
 I first fell in love with C&eacute;line 's music from the early ` 80s when her songs were delightfully bubblegum-poppish -LRB- think Visa pour les beaux jours , Amoureuse , Je ne veux pas etc. -RRB- , and now , listening back on that simpler era full of puppy love and upbeat tempos is a pleasant sort of C&eacute;line nostalgia , but I prefer the strong woman that C&eacute;line has become
 This album is just perfect ! Among all of Celine 's albums -LRB- in French and in English -RRB- this one is the best . I 'm glad that she had released another great album in French . This is surely a must-have not only for fans but also for everyone who enjoys listing to good music .
 Without a doubt listening , enjoying and understanding the passion that Celine pours into each one of her songs is one of the great prizes of speaking French . There are no power-ballads and not so many high notes in this album as it is a more intimate and personal . I love it , this is the perfect mixture of pop , rock and country like rythms . I love it , from `` Tout l'or des hommes '' , to `` Le vol d'un ange '' , `` Je lui dirai '' to her superb performance of `` Je t ` aime encore '' , every song is unique and wonderful . Well produced , mixed and arranged , no wonder it was an instant hit in Quebec and France !
 This is talent music writing mixed with that incredible voice.This is different style compared with the `` titanic '' song , wilder , more guitar but arranged to suit her style.Back to basic really , she can put her Titanic style on the side without breaking it and I think this is what she did VERY SUCCESSFULLY.Dont get me wrong she still goes for those breathtaking high notes but in french she seems to go that extra stronger.I come back to the music writing it is the most talented 4 guys in the french speaking worlds that participated to this album.Something else yes humberto gattica who mixes most of her album -LRB- he also produced the superb song `` us '' -RRB- there he is again and great job , the mixing is PERFECT.This album is very mixed with style they all have a strong different color.To finnish the voice well , after her two year break her first album left me as cold as ice , she is back with a clear , powerfull voice reaching notes most of us can only dream of.Having all her albums I can say that this album is more than worth it , it is a must for all Celine 's fans.Enjoy ! Laurent
 I have to say that even though I do not speak French , I LOVED this album and play it constantly . Celine sounds sooo good here . I was very surprised that I am enjoying an album with songs that I do n't completely understand . Celine should be very proud of herself to have created such a fine package of music . `` Mon Homme '' is beautifully touching . Very understated but very powerful just the same . In `` Je Lui Dirai '' Celine lets loose at the end with a glorious note ! To sum it up , BUY THIS ALBUM . It is so nice to have an artist out there that is truly talented and has a true instrument like Celine . Especially with all the singer wanna-be 's on the charts .
 I eagerly anticipated the release of this CD in the U.S. and I was n't dissappointed ! Celine Dion has managed to create a CD with songs that reach deep into the heart and move you . The quality of the music is so good that you certainly do n't need to speak French to enjoy it . But if you do speak French , you 're in for a double treat because Celine sings some of the most moving lyrics I 've heard in a long time . Jean-Jacque Goldman , French singer and superstar , adds his special touch to many of the songs which , for instance , produces the wonderful Irish feel of `` Je Lui Dirai '' that is similar to his `` Et l'on n ' y peut rien . '' Other highlights of the CD are the hauntingly beautiful `` Le vol d'un ange '' and the irresistibly rocking `` Ne bouge pas '' that sounds like it comes straight from a Cajun bayou in Lousiana . Each song is a treat , however , that shows why Celine deserves to be called a diva . Pop in `` 1 fille & 4 types '' and get ready to be transported to a wonderland of French music and soul !
 Wow Celine !! This is by far the best album of her career , and I am glad she is getting such great reviews . I just wish her English albums were as artistic and beautiful as this one . This album is absolutely amazing ! Best album of the year !!
 HOW DID I MISS THIS FOR SO LONG !!! Oh my God woman ... where did you come from ??? Celine 's best works are in her native voice ... she reigns supreme !!! An angel ... she will take you to the heavens each and every time . ` Rien N'Est Vraiment Fini ' sends chills right on through me ... beyond comparison if you enjoy her style and body of works.This has become my favorite piece to date.You have blessed my life with your music Celine , thank you kindly.How will you ever know ??? Bravo !!!
 S'il Suffisait D'Aimer est la chanson utilis&eacute;e dans la publicit&eacute; pour la Fondation de L'Hpital Sainte-Justine ! Avez-vous su cela ? Bravo !!! Oui mon nom est qu&eacute;b&eacute;cois , mais mon nom est canadien aussi !!! Vive le Canada et &agrave; la prochaine fois...Jean-Francois Jacques Pierre Tremblay .
 Just when you think she could n't get any better , she did . This amazing album is one of Celine Dion 's greatest works . I mean it . There is nothing even close to this , it does n't compare to all of her other albums . I used to think that D'EUX -LRB- a.k.a. `` The French Album '' in the States -RRB- was her absolute best , but this truly wins.Never before have you heard the rocker chic in Celine , but with it 's premier single `` Tout l'or des hommes '' you see just that . She also does a country-rock song with some of her best vocals in her career called `` Ne Bouge Pas ! `` She reprised `` Et , je t ` aime encore '' on this album , but this time in French which follows the english lyrics almost to the perfect ` t. ' The video is probably her least interesting of her career , but this song is meaningful.One of the largest highlights of this superb album is the 3rd single `` Contre Nature . '' It is Celine at her best , the Celine we all know and love . This ballad is the ballad among ballads.This album is excellent ! Buy it ! Do you have to speak French to enjoy it ? Non , non ... ce n'est pas necessaire ... mais c'est tres bien si vous parlez francais!Merci , Celine ! Je t ` aime et je t ` aimerai pour le rest de ma vie !
 This is one of Celine 's best albums . I was somewhat disappointed in her One Heart album , but she made amends with this one . I love Celine 's voice and own almost all of her English albums and now 5 of her French albums . I only gave it 4 out of 5 , because 2 of the songs lose me in the style of presentation . But other than that - grade A.
 CELINE DION creates an artistic goldmine with the help of the 4 talented male francophone lyricist -LRB- 4 types = 4 styles -RRB- . On this release , CELINE relies artisticly on crafting a perfect song . Her vocal performance becomes the tool that polishes the texture of these songs . The lyrics of the tracks drown with sheer emotion . This is her best product -LRB- English or French -RRB- in a while . A perfect CD treat to relax & take in with someone you 're care for .
 This album is nothing short of spectacular . Musically , this is one of the best albums I have ever purchased . I was very skeptical of purchasing this CD , because I do n't speak French . Do n't let that deter you . You will be pleasantly surprised at how easy the music is to listen to -LRB- yes , even without knowing the language -RRB- . I have n't taken this CD out of my player yet , and do n't intend to . It is artistically her best album to date . Great music knows no language , and this is great music .
 I first fell in love with C&eacute;line 's music from the early '80s when her songs were delightfully bubblegum-poppish -LRB- think Visa pour les beaux jours , Amoureuse , Je ne veux pas etc. -RRB- , and now , listening back on that simpler era full of puppy love and upbeat tempos is a pleasant sort of C&eacute;line nostalgia , but I prefer the strong woman that C&eacute;line has become
 Celine Dion is on fire . This is an excellent contemporary pop album , one of the best -LRB- if not THE best -RRB- of Celine Dion 's career . The singing she displays here is clearly the singing of someone at the top of their game . The usual cast of supporting characters is there -LRB- they 're the `` 4 Types '' in the title -RRB- , and they give her the usual Cadillac treatment she deserves . Great writing , great producing , great playing , great fun!Whether it 's in Paris or in Vegas , this stuff just works . Celine Dion delivers maximum satisfaction with almost everything she touches , and this is no exception.Do you need to speak French to like this album ? The short answer is no , but it would help . By continuing to produce top-notch efforts like this , it will be only a matter of time before she takes one of her French songs on the American Adult Contemporary or even pop chart .
 Another A plus album from Celine Dion ... . generally , songs written by Jean-Jacques Goldman and sang by Celine Dion are utterly beyond description . My favorite was Des milliers de baisers ... so tenderly written and sung , and beautiful beyond compare . JJ Goldman and Celine , YOU ARE THE BEST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I understand very little French but I absolutely love this album . The `` hokiness '' that is sometimes present in her English songs -LRB- or , that is , songs written by American lyricists -RRB- is n't a concern with this album . The guitar acoustics are wonderful and sometimes paired with catchy vocals and lyrics -LRB- `` Tout l'or des Hommes '' -RRB- . `` Retiens-Moi '' is upbeat acoustic . Just listen to the samples on Amazon . I 've always been a fan of her vocal abilities , but admittedly not of some of her American songs -LRB- e.g. `` Because You Loved Me '' -RRB- , even ones that have hit the top 10 . Just check out Babelfish -LRB- translate function -RRB- through Altavista . I love the album . Check out her other French albums - for the musically open-minded , they are generally not a disappointment . Enjoy !
 Celine never fails to amaze me!This CD fulfils my expectations from a very talented artist . Many people who are used to her `` American '' albums honestly have no idea the of the power of this singer until they hear her sing in her native language.I continually read comments from people about how they are amazed that she can sing French . This aggrivates me as any true Celine fan would know that she is a Canadian native , whose first released albums in the 1980 's and early 90 's were all French spoken , before she even understood or knew how to speak English as a second language.If you want true to heart , insiring Celine with a few upbeat tempo songs , I definatly recommend this album . Celine sounds specacular singing with the `` 4 types '' or male voices on this album . But not to dispair , there are still Celine solo songs sure to please any die-hard fan , French speaking or not.In my mind , this album ranks even higher than my opinions of her `` One Heart '' CD , her last English release.This CD is sure to please die hard Celine Fans -LRB- even if you do n't understand French which I do not -RRB- and is sure to not give you the pounding headaches from the bass like `` One Heart '' did to me.All in all , 5/5 stars for this entire CD . If you can appreciate Celine in French then you are truely an inspired Celine Dion fan and this CD is a perfect addition to any Celine fans ' collection .
 I ca n't believe I have n't even seen this album in the US . Celine is definitely best in her native tongue . Amazing vocals !
 Because of his trademark cinematic flavor that maintains itself throughout most of his music in the 70 's and beyond Bob James is naturally well suited to movie/television scoring . Very much in the spirit of Grover Washington ` sHouse Full of Love
 Taxi is an outstanding sitcom and having Bob James score the music is like finding 500 bucks in the back seat of the Sunshine Cab they call `` old whip and chill '' -LRB- no power steering , no heater -RRB- -- just the best ! Bob 's music sets the mood and elicits emotions for all the scenes . And , `` Angela 's Theme , '' the theme of the show , is like getting a 100 buck tip on a 5 buck fare-amazing ! So , if you want to know more , just `` gim me a buck , '' and you 'll find out ! And meet me at Jim 's Mario 's for a beer . Or we can go to the Tidepool , where after having several `` monsoons , ' we 'll be three sheets to the wind .
 If you like good music ... do yourself a favor and give these guys a listen . They have an alternative sound that rocks the house down . Come see them in concert in Sactown , they 're around , and coming up so get on the 7S bandwagon . This album has a bit more polished off feel than some of their earlier songs . Definitely a great band and a great album ... with incredible songs like , Good Conversations , Ashes , and Slow Burn ... find their website if your too cheep to buy from amazon ... just listen to this band !
 The same comments I wrote on the sister disc to this Marco Polo release -LRB- Ulalume , Bronwen , The Bells etc. -RRB- go for this one but with one big difference . On the first CD for Holbrooke 's Orchestral Works we had over 71 minutes music whereas here we have just over 46 minutes . It seems that Marco Polo decided to cheapskate us captive purchasers who they know will always pay full price for any rare collection of English Music which is unavailable elsewhere . The works here are all ` bleeding orchestral chunks ' from Holbrooke 's Welsh legend trilogy and are beautifully played and recorded throughout . The Birds of Rhiannon is a very serious substantial tone poem and the fluttering birds music , played as Bronwen dies in the arms of Caradoc in his opera , is very evocative . The Children of Don and Dylan both contain much beautiful music , revealing a lyrical gift as well as an ability to build up tension by the use of horns and brass , backed by heavy percussion . It is all good . I just wish that Marco Polo could have been a little more generous with the spare 25-30 minutes capacity on this CD and provided the starved public with some more rarities from this neglected composer . However , we have to take the rough with the smooth -LRB- in coloquial English
 This album is for you if you enjoy violins , and long ambient pieces . Worth a purchase if you 're into that kind of thing .
 This is the most detailed bobble head I 've ever seen . Its heavy , sturdy , all handpainted clothing , inscriptions on each pant leg , straight thizzface . I got one of the new Andre Macassi bobble heads and its a piece of crap compared to this one , which is why I 'm guessing the Thizzelle Washington one was a limited edition of only 5000 handmade . Bummed these are sold out now , I need another one for my gameroom !!
 i was about to by this when i saw it and it says u discouned it thatz messed u could be making alot of money , , , , , , make more mac dre bobble heads ... thizz or die u beezy !!!!
 I ordered this doll for my son the first part of December for Christmas . When my son opened this on Christmas it was actually a used doll . BROKEN ! I have been waiting since the reorder in December of 2006 for the replacement . Today is April 20 , 2007 !!! What is up with that ???? The doll appears to be awesome !
 So i guess these are `` rare '' now but you can still find them around in stores for the origianal price so I wouldnt pay any extra for one . Mine fell down and MD thumb fell off but other than that its cool .
 In this single you will find a really nice tune
 Edward German 's music evokes images of idyllic days in the English countryside . His works are not as well known as those of other English composers from the early 20th Century but you wo n't be disappointed if you are looking for music that raises the spirit and soothes the soul .
 Very entertaining compilation of better known pieces together with less popular ones . Musis is superb , the orchestra is not always impeccable and at times the sound seems muffled but the music is worth above all these .
 This is definitely one of my favorite classical CDs of all times . The orchestral organization is superb . All the instruments come alive with each piece and you get to hear a lot of drums . Anyone who is new to classical music would love this CD by Bedrich Smetana who I think is really underrated in the world of classical music . I think his music is better than Mozart 's by far . Buy it , you will not be disappointed !
 This CD is not Touch Sampler 5 , which has not yet been released . This is Touch Sampler 00 , released to commemorate the millenium . It 's a nice CD , and the track listing is right , but the product title is incorrect . See -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Brassy , spectral percussion.Stark , intimate and boldly intense . Blooms of bicycle bell , musical box and every manner of metal chime , grungily recorded in an up close and personal fashion . Strange and indulgent , reveling in the sensuality of its own clank , scrack and visceral punch.For all it 's minimalism this heady music is perfumed and exotic , richly harmonious and rippling with pulsating rhythm . Almost ecstatic , like medieval religious music .
 First off I must preface this with a few words . My review is based solely on a personal experience with the music and no real familiarity with music box genre works . In fact I know of only one other CD that is primarily focused on the music box , ` Outlier , New Music for Music Boxes ' by john Morton . That is also a nice CD but quite different than this one.This CD Colleen et les Boites a Musique is like a glimpse into a frozen wonderland . Imagine being a child and wandering in a forest of twinkling ice and snow where the sounds of lullabies call you off to a dreamy state . There is always the threat of cold so be mindful but also enjoy it 's invigorating presence as recalled while listening . The play between melody and apparent randomized musings adds to the sense of an invoked dream world where around every talking tree sized icicle another spectacle is had . Several of the tracks do fall off this path a bit for me but overall I recommend this for anybody that takes great pleasure in all that is winter!I would be curious to see if the intent of the artist was to recall the sense of winter .
 I ca n't imagine a more limiting instrument than a music box -- its tones are set in a specific pattern , and it does n't deviate from that at all . But Colleen somehow makes music boxes magical again . By mixing the traditional plucked sounds with their re-processed and synthesized counterparts , she manages to evoke a fairy tale mysticism . `` What 's is a Componium , Part 1 '' goes from thick sonics to singular tones at the end . And even it `` Charles 's Birthday Card '' relies solely on iterations of Pop Goes the Weasel , `` Will You Gamelan For Me ? '' is its own creation immediately . The tinkling comes fast and furious on `` What 's is a Componium , Part 2 , '' a track that sparkles like moondust . `` Calypso in a Box '' shows off the more processed side , and has an almost Senor Coconut feel for its short running time . The standout piece here is the final track , `` I 'll Read You a Story , '' which appeared on an earlier album , but is always welcome anywhere .
 Originally commissioned for Radio France Culture , Colleen 's `` Colleen et les Boites a Musique '' -LRB- `` Colleen and the Music Boxes '' -RRB- is pretty much just what it 's title says
 All original hits and songs.This collection has gathered together two separate music disc 's and slipped them into one cardboard sleeve . The titles are :1 . Absolutely the Best of the Sixties2 . The Psychedelic SixtiesThese two are complete with their own artwork and disc 's . Great way to get both titles if you do n't already have . I already did so be careful .
 I bought this when I saw him at the Orange Peel in Asheville , and got it autographed . He is so shy , but so down to earth and easy to talk to . Anyways , this has To go home obviously , which is awesome in it 's own right . Human Punching bag is good ; very witty as usual . I think my favorite -LRB- aside from to go home -RRB- is Cosmopolitan Pap . I 'd recommend this if you 've already got Post War , but otherwise , I 'd say get that first.Also , the cover is really cool and creeps me out , but I like it for the same reason I like Wilco 's `` Via Chicago , '' if that makes sense .
 M Ward stands a head and shoulders above everybody else . He writes songs that both mirror the heartbreak found in this world and transcend at the same time . His musicianship is phenominal , if you think Ray Lamontagne is good try M Ward he leaves him in the dust . Live he shatters everything around him . Outstanding .
 The title track itself I already had , but the three bonus tracks are a music I have never heard . Absolutely splendid !!
 For a number of years Joseph Swenson was one of the important young violinists on the concert stage , a musician with thoughtful and insightful and poetic interpretations of all of the major violin concerti . So it is no wonder now that at the helm as conductor of the Scottish Chamber Orchestra he is able to provide some of the finest orchestral collaboration around for the concerti he once soloed.Here Swenson is joined by the equally superb and tasteful violinist Robert McDuffie in pitch perfect performances of two favorite ` war horses ' of the violin repertoire - the Mendelssohn E minor concerto and the Bruch G minor concerto . The fire and ice of each is balanced by a purity of tone and perceptive approach to the works from the first to the last measures.For this listener the Bruch has the slight edge , probably due to the fact that this concerto often is played as though it were a jousting match between violinist and orchestra
 I knew nothing of Robert McDuffie until I heard him perform the Mendelssohn Concerto at Wolf Trap with the National Symphony . That performance led me to seek out this CD , and McDuffie 's playing here is as lovely on the disc as it was in the live performance . His tone may not be as big as Itzhak Perlman 's , but it is nevertheless exquisite -LRB- the phrase `` spun silver , '' though cliched , is apt -RRB- . This is true concerto playing , the soloist carrying on a conversation with the orchestra -LRB- and , by extension , with the listener -RRB- . I definitely will seek out more of McDuffie 's discs , and I hope others will , too .
 Mcduffie provides fine performances of these two concertante workhorses . He is very well accompanied by the Scottish Chamber Orchestra led by Swensen -LRB- himself a violinist -RRB- . Telarc has once again done a marvelous job recording these performances to the highest audiophile standards .
 Though known almost exclusively for one film composition , The Warsaw Concerto , Richard Addinsell composed a considerable amount of other music for the screen and concert hall as well . This CD presents an interesting cross section of Addinsell 's other works and is worthy of consideration .
 Brenda Lee began her career , aged just eleven , in 1956 , but did not have a British hit until 1960 . In total , she had twenty-two UK hits between 1960 and 1965 but she had many more than that in America . Generally , the British public seem to prefer her up-tempo rockers while the American public seem to prefer her ballads . I am an exception to the general rule , being a Brit who likes her ballads best , although I enjoy her rocking songs too.While many classic tracks are missing -LRB- for example , I want to be wanted , Emotions , Break it to me gently -RRB- , this is only a budget-priced album and it does contain all of Brenda 's British top ten hits . The biggest of these , Speak to me pretty , was never released as a single in America although I ca n't think why - it is a great song . Brenda 's other UK top ten hits were Sweet nothings , Here comes that feeling , Rocking around the Christmas tree , All alone am I and As usual.I 'm sorry , Let 's jump the broomstick , Dum dum , Fool number one , It started all over again and Sweet impossible you are the other British hits included here . Several others -LRB- including I wonder and Is it true , both of which made the UK top twenty -RRB- are omitted , but Jambalaya -LRB- the song that started Brenda 's career in America -RRB- is here , along with several other great tracks.For a comprehensive collection of Brenda 's hits , you should go for the double CD , Anthology . However , because it is an American compilation , it omits Speak to me pretty . As an introduction to the music of the most important female rock 'n' roll singer , this is excellent.TracksSweet nothingsI 'm sorryThat 's all you got ta doDum dumFool number oneRocking around the Christmas treeAll alone am ILet 's jump the broomstickYou can depend on meJambalayaSpeak to me prettyHere comes that feelingIt started all over againDynamiteMy coloring bookHeart in handMy whole world is falling downSweet impossible you
 brenda lee little mis dynamite what a voice she used to visit australia to packed houses and is one of the best early rock nroll artists of all the girls this c.d. has most of her hits and a few extras on it its a pity she doesnt still perform as i am sure she would still pack the house wherever she performed another great record from amazon for my well played collection . jack darby australia
 Finally , a C.D. with the fabulous song
 Breanda Lee is truly one of a kind , one of the great female vocalists of our time , influencing many female vocalists of today.Great many rarities include `` My Whole World is Falling Down '' and `` Speak to Me Pretty `` wonderful cd , grab it if you can find it , a true gem ! : -RRB-
 If there is something that features the excel pianism of Emil Gilels has been the lack or even a simple bit of ostentatiousness . His thrills , restrained and precise , as well as his arpeggios are simple devices to achieve the aim.His constancy and ferrous discipline made of him possibly the most important Russian pianist in Beethoven and Brahms . His fluidity , use of the pedal , sheered phrasing and steeled fingering , never allowed the Romantic shadows fell on him , and this approach was much more evident since he left his birthplace . As Harold Schoenberg smartly remarks , `` The cultural isolation kept the Russian school well apart from the new tendencies around the musical universe by then . `` His powerful intelligence made him to understand and underpin his learn lessons and so to reach a magisterial place among the greatest pianists of his generation.His Prokoviev for instance does n't achieve the Promethean aggressiveness of Richter , but its marmoreal solidity and architectonical design made of him one of his most distinguished interpreters.Finally we should remark his Rachmaninov 's performances possess the accurate blend between expression and introspection . So you will never a self indulgent mermaid 's song or even echoes of a Russian Chopin , because Gilels knew how to difference the nocturnal atmosphere and patriotic reminiscences of the Polish composer of the tragic nostalgia the exile produced in Rachmaninov.This is an invaluable artistic treasure that allows us to enjoy and realize the grandness of one of the most refined and sublime artists of the keyboard ever born .
 This cd is a great purchase for any A-Teens fan -LRB- and just for anyone else ... -RRB- ! It has great remixes that are somewhat similar to the previous `` Halfway Around The World '' ones . In the other version of Sugar Rush there is another song . It 's called `` Give It Up '' . In almost all of the new singles they have included new songs . This is a must buy if you like the group 's music.Ateens are sooooo cooooool and their new music is also great . Another great buy is Teen Spirit , which includes all of their Non-Abba-cover new songs .
 Sugar Rush is a fabulous song ! I totally reccomend getting this CD !
 OK ! Sugar Rush was never my favorite song , but this CD has increaced my enjoyment of this song like 50000 % ! 1 . Sugar Rush - Like I said , not my favorite A * Teens song2 . Sugar Rush -LRB- Earthboun 's Sugarcrush mix Short -RRB- - O my gosh ! Earthbound has taken a slower song and made it one of the BEST techno song i have ever heard ! 3 . Sugar Rush -LRB- Earthbound 's Sugarcrush mix Long -RRB- - As i have said in other interviews , this song only gets better as it gets longer ! 4 . Sugar Rush -LRB- M 12 Mix -RRB- - Can you say , `` The Best remix EVER ! '' It 's like dance style , and the best . I ca n't say that enough !
 Urban Bushmen is a thrilling record . The AEC 's trademark percussion ensembles , jocular takes on marching music , etc. , are surrounded by inspired playing . `` New York is full of lonely people '' is one of Lester Bowie 's most enduring and beautiful melodies . Long enough to allow the group to do its characteristic stretching of time on long improvs , this is still , in my view , an accessible record . A great place to start exploring the music of the full quintet version of the band , along with their other ECM albums , and a pair of their live sets from early 70 's .
 Take a travel through your mind , body and soul as you listen to any of the albums by the Art Ensemble of Chicago . I highly recomend that you not only check Urban Bushmen out , but as well as all the other albums . I love the music because I can hear all the love and power behind the music that the Art Ensemble of Chicago creates . It 's a definate must in everyones cd collection .
 When listening to this CD I can see all the past figure skating performances that I have loved . I listen to it daily and never tire of the rich sound !
 It 's got all of the great skating prorams AND its ' the full piece of music . It 's not some lame edited version . Love it !
 Produced by the Musical Heritage Society , this thoroughly enjoyable CD features alto saxophonist/composer Benny Carter , who wrote all eleven compositions , with a small combo composed of Roland Hanna on piano , George Mraz on bass , and Louie Bellson on drums . On six tracks Howard Alden plays guitar and Dizzy Gillespie plays trumpet on three of the eleven tracks -LRB- two of which also feature Alden -RRB- . Among the highlights on this album are the tune I 'm In The Mood For Swing , first recorded by Benny Carter in England in 1937 , and South Side Samba , a calypso-styled piece first performed at a Princeton concert in 1977 . On Another Time , Another Place , a piece written for this album , Gillespie is added to the group and plays a muted trumpet solo.There are definite reminders of 1930s-sounding jazz throughout this album and that strikes me as one of its charms . The rhythm section , especially the contributions of Hanna 's piano and Mraz 's bass , is another positive feature of this album.The sound quality is excellent and a detailed and well-written set of liner notes by Ed Berger of the Rutgers Institute of Jazz Studies provide a comprehensive description of the personnel , history , and the musical form for each of the eleven compositions by Carter.Highly recommended for all fans of Benny Carter and for anyone who enjoys the jazz associated with 1930s swing bands .
 Product arrived ahead of schedule in excellent condition and packaged with care . Well recommended vendor and the CD worth bragging about !
 This is the type of album you que up when you want to just want to kick your feet back & enjoy life !
 I actually was at the Long Beach Arena where this concert was recorded on Mother 's Day 1975 . I remember it fondly as one of the best live shows I ever saw . The crowd could n't get enough of them and brought them back for multiple encores . This , in my opinion , could have easily been a double album or CD . This was when this band was at it 's peak and was one of the top party bands going during the 70 's . They could have played all night or until they ran out of songs before anybody had left . The 70 's were the time of all the great hard rock and long hair bands and Black Oak Arkansas had to definitely be included among the best of their time . If you would like to hear only a sample of what this band could produce live on stage this is the Cd to listen to .
 If you have a house full of sh*t kickers , and your beer is disappearing from the fridge , and they 're starting to make bathtub gin in the outhouse , and your next door neighbor is with the County Sheriff 's Department , do n't put this CD on the stereo . You 'll never get 'em to leave . And granny will tan your hide in the woodshed with a switch.Hmmmm ... ON SECOND THOUGHT , TURN THIS UP REAL LOUD , SO 'S THE NEIGHBORS WILL COMPLAIN , YA 'LL . THIS IS HILLBILLY GRUNGE AT IT 'S FINEST .
 Let me begin with a disclaimer - I have not heard this album on CD , only vinyl . I say that because another reviewer focused on what he considered to be poor sound quality - I on the other hand have always felt this album is the cleanest , clearest live album I 've ever heard , and I 've heard plenty ! Perhaps something was lost in the transition . Anyway , on to the music . If you 're looking for good , Southern - flavored rock 'n' roll , this is it ! BOA 's studio albums generally show a strong bluegrass/Southern gospel influence , whereas the two live albums show off their ability to raunch and roll with the best of 'em . If you 're a bass fan , Pat Daugherty 's work on `` Taxman '' is worth the price of the CD alone ! Why only 4 stars ? We did n't need a second , and slightly inferior , dose of `` Hot and Nasty '' when there are several other great choices I 'm sure could have been included . I personally would have loved to hear how they treated `` Dixie '' live . I 'm sure it would have fit in perfectly .
 Been looking for this to come out on CD for 13 years . Thank God for BOA . They changed my life .
 I saw Black Oak Arkansas during this tour . Had front row seats directly in front of Jim Dandy . The album they were promoting at the time was `` Ai n't Life Grand '' , which , in my opinion is one of the finest Black Oak albums ever recorded . `` Ai n't Life Grand '' is the first album recorded with Jimmy Henderson on guitar -LRB- he replaced Harvey Jett -RRB- . Makes me wonder why i never heard much critical acclaim . I do n't even remember hearing anything from the album on the radio either . Maybe `` Taxman . '' Anyway , there are 4 songs from `` Ai n't Life Grand '' on this CD . This CD was originally recorded for the King Biscuit Flower Hour . It was aired along with Blue Oyster Cult . I think I still have my old cassette of the show that i recorded when I was in high school . If you have n't heard this , you owe it to yourself . It 's totally awesome ! Much better than Raunch-n-Roll .
 This CD picks up where raunch-n - roll left off.Of course they 're gon na do Hot and Nasty it 's their signature song.If the sound is a problem TURN UP THE VOLUME !!! HA!HA ! I agree it needs remastered but Iconsider # 2 only toR & R ; as a stellar live performance.If you want better sound get their debut release or Keep the Faith.In those days live performances were notorious for poor sound quality.They were also known for Great Natural Performances from the Great Touring Bands , like BOA , Grand Funk Railroad , ZZ Top to name a few .
 BOA does a Mutha of an album ! Saw them in '79 and this is what I remember .
 We saw Ralph 's World perform yesterday , and were blown away . My children -LRB- 5 and 21/2 -RRB- danced the entire time , and even my husband and I were doing a little chair dancing . We 've played the CD 3 times already . You will LOVE this if you are tired of listening to Elmo 's tinny little voice ! I ca n't recommend it highly enough . This CD will now be my gift for all the children on my list . It 's truly a gift for the parents , too .
 As with his first CD , Ralph Covert has created a musical treasure trove for adults and their children . His excellent use of mutliple music styles will leave you tapping your foot and singing along right with your kids , I really enjoy this CD and his first one titled simply `` Ralph 's World . '' The big key for me is having songs that I can listen to and actually enjoy that my child also sings and dances too . He has a great voice for kids music and I love that fact that he introduces so many musical styles on the CD , it is a great way to introduce your kids to bluegrass and blues along with the standard fare . Do n't miss out on this excellent kids CD .
 This is an excellent follow up to the first Ralph 's World album . The musical styles are more diverse -LRB- surf , pop , bluegrass , etc -RRB- and there are more activity songs . Kids and parents will love this !
 Ralph makes music that the whole family love . His songs are catchy and fun . `` The Coffee Song '' is a special favorite in our family . I liked this CD almost as much as `` Ralph 's World '' , but my two year old does n't seem to go for it quite as much . I think realistically it 's suitable for 4 years up .
 Our family has listened to lots of kids songs , and Ralph 's work is at the top of the heap . His songs are fun , varied -LRB- unlike , say , The Wiggles -RRB- , and have some musical meat to them . He has introduced our kids to many different musical styles , for which we are grateful.Ralph 's songs are n't just for young kids and their parents ; I am a middle school teacher and I run a contest each year in homeroom to see who can keep up with Ralph in the Roman numerals section of the song from this album , `` Big Rig . '' They love it!We have all of Ralph 's albums , and our favorites are `` Happy Lemons '' and `` Bottom of the Sea . '' We were n't as knocked out by `` Kid Astro '' or his music video DVD , however.Keep 'em coming , Ralph . The world 's kids need more singers like you !
 This is our absolute favorite kidCD ever and we have gotten adult friends hooked on Ralph for their kids too . We literally wore this CD out and are planning on getting another copy when we see it at a decent price ... that it seems to keep going up in price for some reason is my only complaint !
 We bought this disc after seeing Ralph Covert open for the kid 's band `` Hi-5 '' . The kids love these songs . The adults in the house love the `` Big Rig '' song and the `` Coffee '' song just as much as the kids do . I can respect a song that hits that close to home
 We listen to this cd everyday , by request . It makes for a great dance workout with my 2 year old son . we first saw ralph at a toddler event and I had to buy the a cd . Bottom of the Sea is our first one and we are waiting to the mail man to bring more . This is has been the only kids cd so far that i do n't find pitchy and too sugery after a time or two ... that why we dance to it every day ! lots of upbeat stuff , my son 's favorite is Honey for the bears -LRB- second song -RRB- which he has dubbed as honey time meaning `` time to dance mama ! '' highly recommended !
 Fun for my 22 month old and not annoying to me !
 The whole family loves this CD . The music and lyrics are fun to listen to and easy to sing along to . It is has been 6 months and we still enjoy listening to it .
 Buy this just for the hysterical cover of `` Eighteen Wheels on a Big Rig . '' Even the `` adults '' I 've played it for have guffawed over it . My 4 year old worships Ralph and knows every word of this CD . And I find I 'm humming it to myself as I go about my day .
 My two boys , ages 5 and 2 , are big fans of Ralph Covert and his music . We enjoyed Ralph 's 1st CD and are wild about his 2nd CD . We play both CDs all the time and the entire family sings along to all the tunes . This CD is a great buy !! Pick up Ralph 's first CD , too , if you do n't already own it . No music loving family should be without Ralph 's music !!
 Thank goodness a friend introduced me to the wonderful world of Ralph Covert ! The songs are catchy , fun , and clever enough that of the dozen or so kid 's albums we own , this is hands-down the adult favorite . Luckily , it 's one of my 19-month-old daughter 's favorites too . I treasure the laughter we share when singing along and playing with the infectious lyrics - when we pretend to swim to the bottom of the sea , ride our surfboards and wipe out , or send the great big hairy spider up the spout . I ca n't wait to get more of Ralph 's albums !
 We have an 8 month old daughter who just lights up when we play CD . The music is very `` catchy '' and my husband and I really like the songs ... much better than most of the other CD 's out there for kids . We esp . like the song COFFEE ! So funny !
 This is such a cute cd . I 'm so glad I bought it for my son . Very upbeat and entertaining , and we both enjoy listening to it .
 As a Chicagoan , I am so proud to boast about Ralph 's World . These songs are witty , catchy and have great messages . My one year old daughter just loves listening to them in the car . When Tra La La comes on , she starts singing `` la la la . '' My husband cracks up at the song about the eighteen wheeler every time . The only track we do n't like it is Harry 's Haunted Halloween Circus , but it is easily skipped .
 You know how most children 's music drives you so insane due to repetition that you end up HATING the CD and want to burn it ???? Well , this album is n't like that ; it is so much fun that YOU want to play it over and over , which is fine with your children because they love it just as much . Ralph Covert has created music that is great fun for the entire family . My son is 3 , and he ca n't get enough of it - he insists on having it played over and over all day long . My husband and I love the tunes , too , and we all find ourselves singing them off and on all day , not to mention trying to act them out or dancing around with them . The `` 18 wheels on the Big Rig '' song makes all of us laugh and feel totally silly trying to keep up with the lyrics ! And we all play along with the `` Surfin ' in my Imagination '' song - my son likes us to all stand on the bed and `` surf '' along with the song!Ralph is really brilliant with these lyrics . They are fun and witty and clever and silly all at the same time . It ca n't be easy to appeal to children and adults alike , but he has done it.I have now purchased 4 more of these CD 's to give to friends for birthday parties this year . This is really a terrific , fun CD . I 'm certain your children will love it as well .
 I think we listen to this cd at least 3 times a day ... my two year old loves it ! It 's music that parents have fun listening to as well ! Fun , varied , creative , and imaginative ... Highly recommended !
 This CD is so much fun . I listen to it even when my kids ARE N'T in the car , it 's so good . There is such an eclectic mix of songs - all of which are creative and catchy - I HIGHLY recommend it for uplifting entertainment !
 I have three children aged 2 to 8-we LOVE this CD ! Within a day we memorized all the songs , all of which are fun and catchy , yet not geared towards just the preschool set . We have several children 's CDs and this is the one the kids want to hear . I have to admit I have found myself singing the songs when the kids are n't around ! Our favorites include `` Eighteen Wheels '' , `` Surfin '' , and `` The Coffee Song '' . Buy this CD , you and your children will be listening to it for a long time .
 My son is 4 and just absolutely LOVES the songs on Ralph 's World At the Bottom of the Sea . He sings the songs all through out the day . His favorites include
 I listen to a lot of children 's music , and Ralph 's World takes the cake . His songs make me laugh every time I hear them -- and my kids like them too ! : -RRB-
 What a fantastic cd ! Our whole family enjoys it and actually sings along when it 's on . Our 1 year old even sings along to the Bean Soup and Rice song ~ he loves it ! We bought it after owning Happy Lemons , which is another very `` happy '' cd ... I really hope he makes more .
 The songs on this children 's CD will appeal to the parents , too . The songs are quick , and fun , and demonstrate a fun range of song styles . I know it will sound cliche , but there is something for everyone on this CD . My own five year old would rather dance to the songs on this disc than watch TV , and that is saying a lot , I think . At the same time , the tracks offer a knowing-nod to the grown-ups who will be listening to it in the background , with plenty of good , clean silliness . One of the best tracks on the disc features Malcolm McGillikitty , the Pyschic Cat . The lyrics are still stuck in my head .
 I 'm amazed we have n't worn the darn thing out . Our three-year-old loves this CD -LRB- better than the first , have n't yet heard the third ! -RRB- and we ended up buying one for each car , and one for all our friends ... guess I shoulda bought 'em in bulk ! I disagree with the reviewer who said this is for 4 years and up -- Laura 's loved Ralph since she was six months old .
 I love all of the Ralph 's World CDs . I might even like `` Peggy 's Pie Parlor '' better , but this is great . Kids instantly start kicking their leges to the music and singing along . Adults will love it , too .
 Ralph Covert is an undeniably gifted performer with a special affinity for composing and performing music with an ability to totally engage the attention of children . At The Bottom Of The Sea offers seventeen compositions that will delight and enthrall young listeners from start to finish . The pieces comprising this highly recommended CD collection include Honey for the Bears ; The Coffee Song ; Surfin ' in My Imagination ; Harry 's Haunted Halloween Circus ; The Banana Splits -LRB- The Tra La La Song -RRB- ; Eighteen Wheels on a Big Rig ; Clean My Room ; Itsy Bitsy Spider ; Baseball Dreams ; Sunny Day Rainy Day Anytime Band ; Fly Me to the Moon ; Baa-Baa Black Sheep ; Malcolm McGillikitty ; What Can You Do with Your Baby Brother ? ; Bean Soup and Rice ; Many Things to Know ; and the title piece , At the Bottom of the Sea .
 What a wonderful CD for children and adults . Well-crafted songs with clever lyrics and talented musicianship make for a 50-minute delight . `` At the Bottom of the Sea '' has clever word-play , `` Surfin ' in My Imagination '' has some fine surf guitar and inspires some uninhibited dancing , and a great rendition of `` Fly Me to the Moon '' should have you singing in no time with your child . Each song is worth hearing over and over -LRB- and over -RRB- , and this CD is money well spent . My son laughs and laughs at Eighteen Wheels on a Big Rig , '' and I am partial to and extremely appreciative of `` The Banana Splits -LRB- The Tra La La Song -RRB- . '' After all , four bananas make a bunch and so do many more!I am incredibly impressed with Ralph Covert 's abilities to reach a child 's imagination without shutting out the adults . I am going to buy this as a gift to all parents I know , and I also plan to purchase Ralph 's World 's first CD . This CD should be at the top of anyone 's Wish List .
 This was my second CD of Ralph 's . The other is ` Ralph 's World . ' I can not decide which I like better . My nearly 2-year-old likes it as well . She does n't seem to have a favorite song yet ; when every song ends , the chorus she sings is ` MORE ! ' I also do n't have a favorite , but the ones that pop into my head are
 My son received this CD for his 3rd birthday over two years ago , and it is still THE ONE . For all of the joy that it has brought , I can honestly say that is the BEST birthday present that he has ever received . While every song has its merits , `` The Coffee Song '' really touched a nerve and makes my husband & I laugh every time . But watch out for `` Many Things to Know '' and `` Fly Me To The Moon '' ... you may not want your child catching your voice quivering & your eyes tearing.Only an incredibly talented musician could appeal so well to both parents and children . This is the CD you need to own .
 This CD was one of the best CDs I have ever purchased , and I 'm including the ones in my adult collection as well . By far the best song on the CD -LRB- IMHO -RRB- is `` Eighteen Wheels , '' and it 's a doozy . Although hhe did not write it , but his version is the one that will make the song a classic . `` Malcolm McGillikitty '' is my 3-year-old 's favorite . It 's about a psychic cat that knows when it 's time to go to the vet , knows when Dad 's coming home , knows when you 're `` scared in the middle of the night , so he sneaks through the house and he lies by my side . `` So many of these songs have elements of the classic grown-up songs that it 's worth mentioning . `` Many things to know '' is so beautiful that I found a couple tears at the corners of my eyes -LRB- do n't tell anyone ! -RRB- , and it was clearly inspired by some of the more contemplative Grateful Dead songs . Unfortunately , the `` Banana Splits Song '' definitely reminded me of some annoying Monkeys-like songs of the past , so I did not burn it into iTunes . My kids will not notice its absence . `` Harry 's Haunted Halloween Circus '' is a spooky-sounding song that reminds me of a friendly-but-demented carnival . The clever melody moves quickly but still seems jaunty and shows the depth of Ralph 's talents that he can pull this one off.And , of course , `` What can you do with your baby brother '' is simply inspired . It 's modeled after an old sea-faring song with a beat that will drag you in and FORCE you to make up your own ridiculous verses about the stuff your own kids do to each other.If I could give it 10 stars , I would .
 Our almost 3-year old son knows nearly every word of this album by heart , our 15-month old perks up when ralph is on , and we parents hum the tunes and enjoy the smart lyrics - even though we hear this music daily ! The music is rich and does n't go stale , and manages to bridge the generation gap .
 My 2 year old wants to listen to this -LRB- and Ralph 's first CD -RRB- all the time . And you know what ? I do n't mind at all.Sometimes I even listen to the CD in the car when my son is n't around -- its that good ! A personal favorite is Malcolm McGillikitty it makes me laugh every time.Thanks Ralph ! You 've helped me maintain some sanity in this world of singing dinosaurs.The music is great the lyrics are entertaining for kids and adults . What more could you ask for ? B-b-b-b-b-buy it now !
 I really ca n't say enough good things about this CD . Every song is catchy and I even find myself ENJOYING the fact that I am forced by my children to listen to it over and over again . My oldest LOVES The Coffee Song -LRB- I like the part where Ralph sings about mom and dad wanting a little vino at the end of the day . -RRB- The 18 Wheels On The Big Rig is fast paced and Ralph counts the wheels on the rig one-by-one , by evens and odds , and my personal favorite , in roman numerals . One of the slower songs , Malcom McGillikitty , is a sweet testamony to how Ralph 's family cat can `` read his mind . '' Parents and children alike will enjoy listening to this CD time and again .
 My review can almost be summed up by this statement
 I could n't stand to listen to one more annoying children 's CD so I decided to start checking them out of my local library to review them before purchasing . I ran across this and the other Ralph 's World CD 's and kept renewing them because we did n't want to part with them ! Finally I purchased this one and we listen to it all the time . I will be purchasing the others shortly.This CD is so refreshing . No canned music , no -LRB- sorry to say -RRB- annoying children singing . Ralph 's lyrics are fun and the tunes are catchy . I like that it exposes kids to different genres of music . He uses folk , blues , rock and roll , polka and others.My 18 month old daughter loves this and his other CD 's . My husband and I enjoy them too and find ourselves singing the songs.Ralph 's World CD 's have now become our new children 's birthday gift.This is a must for any children 's music collection.Enjoy !
 We love this CD ! It 's right up there with Bugs Bunny in setting new standards for pleasing both kids and adults simultaneously.Firstly , Ralph is a solid musician with a great voice , who 's clearly been influenced by the Beatles . The production values of the music are higher than those of any other kids CD I 've heard.Secondly , Ralph 's sense of humor flavors every song at some level . Some of the humor is easily accessible to kids , and some of it will be best appreciated by adults.Thirdly , this CD in particular is a great mix of different styles of music . I 'm constantly amazed how Ralph moves so easily from a kiddie-fied version of an Irish drinking song to a send-up of a trucker song , to a lullaby , to `` Tra La La '' - the theme song from the Banana Splits show of the early 1970s . Any time my 14-month-old son is unhappy , all I have to do is put in this CD and skip to the Tra La La song . He immediately smiles and starts bopping his head up and down.Again , we LOVE this CD . Highly recommended .
 Telex is , along with Kraftwerk , one of the most influential electro-bands around . In the late 70s and early 80s , the Belgian trio made a number of highly regarded albums , such as `` Looking for St. Tropez '' and `` Neurovision '' . After the disappointing 1986 album `` Looney Tunes '' , the band disappeared ... until now . `` How Do You Dance '' -LRB- 10 tracks , 41 min . -RRB- picks up the thread as if the last 20 years never happened . The album starts with a cover of Canned Heat 's `` On the Road Again '' , and the good times are rolling again ! The album is a mix of 5 original Telex tunes and 5 covers . Highlights include `` This Is Your Song '' , a `` love song '' as only Telex can bring it -LRB- and only the second ever in their catalogue -RRB- ; a faithfull cover of the Sparks ' '' # 1 Song in Heaven '' , which is not a surprise , given the huge admiration of Telex for the Sparks ; `` Move '' , a typical song of Telex 's dry humor -LRB- the song is about a horse that does n't want to move -RRB- ; and the closer , a Telex take on `` La Bamba '' , which is used widely in Europe in college crowds to bring out wallflowers . The least effective tune is a slowed-down cover of `` Jailhouse Rock '' , in the tradition of Telex 's cover of `` Rock Around the Clock '' . Separate from the music , the album 's cover notes on all the songs by the Telex guys are great fun.It 's great to have these guys back ! I never thought that they 'd ever record another album . Telex has been covered extensively over the years , and their influence is substantial . `` How Do You Dance ? '' is a most welcome back .
 Telex is , along with Kraftwerk , one of the most influential electro-bands around . In the late 70s and early 80s , the Belgian trio made a number of highly regarded albums , such as `` Looking for St. Tropez '' and `` Neurovision '' . After the disappointing 1986 album `` Looney Tunes '' , the band disappeared ... until now . `` How Do You Dance '' -LRB- 10 tracks , 41 min . -RRB- picks up the thread as if the last 20 years never happened . The album starts with a cover of Canned Heat 's `` On the Road Again '' , and the good times are rolling again ! The album is a mix of 5 original Telex tunes and 5 covers . Highlights include `` This Is Your Song '' , a `` love song '' as only Telex can bring it -LRB- and only the second ever in their catalogue -RRB- ; a faithfull cover of the Sparks ' '' # 1 Song in Heaven '' , which is not a surprise , given the huge admiration of Telex for the Sparks ; `` Move '' , a typical song of Telex 's dry humor -LRB- the song is about a horse that does n't want to move -RRB- ; and the closer , a Telex take on `` La Bamba '' , which is used widely in Europe in college crowds to bring out wallflowers . The least effective tune is a slowed-down cover of `` Jailhouse Rock '' , in the tradition of Telex 's cover of `` Rock Around the Clock '' . Separate from the music , the album 's cover notes on all the songs by the Telex guys are great fun.It 's great to have these guys back ! I never thought that they 'd ever record another album . Telex has been covered extensively over the years , and their influence is substantial . `` How Do You Dance ? '' is a most welcome back .
 Its a shame that Isabella Rix is somewhat unknown in the music world . Had I not heard her music on United Airlines I would have missed what has become one of my absolute favorite CDs . What amazed me most about this CD is how descriptive the music is . For example , when I first played this CD I waited until it was on the 11th cut -LRB- Ripples -RRB- and asked my wife what picture came to mind -- her response was the way the water moves when you toss a pebble into it . The use of seaside sound effects adds to the music without being overdone.The only thing that would improve this CD would be more information about Isabella Rix and her music.This one is a keeper.Steve
 I heard this on a United flight and really enjoyed it , it is great to relax and focus on other things , or to just relax .
 The Norwegian trio Motorpsycho captured where they earned their reputation for excellence - on stage . The album is largely centered around A K9 suite , an extended , spaced out version of Un Chien D'Espace from the album Angels and Daemons at Play -LRB- as if it was n't spaced out before -RRB- , and features other epic numbers -LRB- The Wheel & Vortex Surfer -RRB- , truly showing their excursions into infinity on stage that either make them or break them . On Roadwork I it definately makes them.However , not all songs are long , improvisational , and trance-inducing . The album 's opener is the driving , Hendrix-influenced The Other Other Fool , not available on any studio recordings . The crowdpleaser You Lied segues into the MC5 cover Black to Comm with furious power and drive , and the rocker Superstooge mutates slowly into the trance-like aforementioned The Wheel.All in all , Roadwork I is a great showcase for one of rock 's best livebands over the past decade , and although it is not for people who are used to 3-minute radio hits , it paints a decent picture of what the live-band Motorpsycho is all about , and I 'd rank it as one of the best live-albums ever released -LRB- although they surpassed themselves with Roadwork II , but that is another story altogether -RRB- .
 So after owning all the albums , I now want all b-sides I did n't get from the albums . So it 's a shame they did n't do a sequel to sci-fi for the last 2 albums , but I guess Suede thought they could profit more that way . -LRB- Sigh -RRB- So be it . But let 's just say , I 'm glad I bought this . Jubilee would and should have been included on Head Music . It 's the sound of classic suede with a touch of new wave . -LRB- Perhaps Echo & The Bunnymen plus Suede -RRB- God 's Gift is another great piano track from Suede , and there is n't much guitar on the track and no drums , but was not anything a fan would miss if it were n't a b-side . I do n't know if I need disc 1 of this single or not , and if I do , you know I 'll pick it up and post why it might be for your collection or not .
 It 's been tough to find a lot of information about this group . They 're out of Atlanta and this release , from what I 've learned , is a Japanese only import . So that explains why it 's a bit costly here . Moreover they 've been around for quite a while , flying completely under the main-stream radar . They 've also had a few random 12 '' cuts around being remixed from a diverse variety of producers/DJ 's , like Thomas Naim and Joyce Hoze or `` Tom & Joy '' . This album was released on Giant Step Records , the same label that I believe put out the `` Soul Sessions '' series , Nuyorican Soul and Donnie.This is a terrific album . The best way I can describe Jiva 's sound is really like fusion - a mix of Incognito/Fertile Ground/Brand New Heavies with a splash of bossa . It starts out smoothly with Matra 1 before the guitar preludes the title track , which is like a splash of live musicianship - it has amazing energy . Then there 's a sweet bossa with `` Stars '' , which glides more like a summer breeze . The track reminds me of an updated but even classier Francesco De Masi Italian bossa track . That 's followed up with `` I Realized '' , another strong song which really does feed off of a great vibe before `` Free Falling '' cuts on , which has another bossa undertone but this time with English lyrics . The highlight and probably most popular track of theirs was `` Love Chooses Lovers '' , which has a distinctly 70 's fusion feel to it . The prelude is noce before the wave hits and you 've got the gliding bossa carrying the track.I love the concept of their sound , and do recommend this . 4.5 stars , as I wish the album was a bit longer -LRB- it 's just over 37 minutes long -RRB- - maybe adding in a few of the remixes out there but that rounds up to five and the focus with them is clearly on the quality of the music . You can get a few snippets of their music on the `` Soul Sessions '' series along with Boss House N ' Breaks vol 3 , and I 'd imagine a few of the nu-bossa series will feature pieces of this album over the summer . If you do like this , you may like music by Incognito , Fertile Ground and Brand New Heavies but you 'll probably also like music by Soul Quality Quartet , Tom & Joy , Rosalia De Souza 's `` Garota Moderna '' and maybe S-Tone Inc. and Joyce . Definitely keep an eye open t osee some of these on the remix table & on vinyl as well .
 It does n't happen very often but every now and then I put a new CD into the player and within the first few seconds of the first track , I know I 've made a good choice and that I 'm going to get a full return on my investment . This CD brings on another of those times . It reminds me why I love music the way I do.Jiva -LRB- the word means `` the spirit within '' -RRB- emerged from the vibrant and exciting Atlanta music scene in 1996 . This is a real band with some great singers and people playing proper instruments including an impressive horn section . I 'd be really interested in seeing and hearing them perform live.I 'm not sure exactly what this kind of music is called but I 'd call it vocal acid jazz with a twist of soul and bossa nova . The band describe themselves as being `` a soul band with a love for Bossa Nova and lush arrangements '' . Rhonda Thomas sounds a bit like Maysa Leak on `` I Realized '' and Alexander Lattimore sounds vaguely Luther-esque on `` Confessions Of A Man '' . -LRB- Listen out for him also , on the deep house Tauriva Mix of `` Stars '' -RRB- . I like every song on here , including the extended remixes , which create more space for instrumental improvisation . The original version of `` Love Chooses Lovers '' is another standout track , as is `` The Goodbye Song '' . If you like Incognito , Rebirth , Fertile Ground or early Jamiroquai , you 'll probably like this band . If you like all four , you 'll probably love it . A huge shout out to my man Joe for alerting me to the group . Many thanks also , to bordersj2 for his superb informative review below .
 This is the beginning . Pre-Birthday Party and Bad Seeds , I believe they were even teenagers still . Not as polished , of course . But Shivers , the song made famous in the movie Dogs in Space , continues to be the perfect adult angst song to this day . Other Bday Party talents show up on Nightwatchman and Friends of My World . Upon listening to this now , I actually hear more Bday Party than ever before.If you 're to compare this work to that that comes after , of course it 's not as good . But if you 're to listen to it for its own merit and consider its place in history , then it 's quite stellar -- esp for post-punk Australia . That 's why I give it 5 stars .
 Ah like this album very , very much , because the voices and guitars of The Boys Next Door are great . The songs are all in the category ` Rock ' never in ` Punk ' or something like that . The Boys Next Door , Nick Cave 's first band , a kinda schoolband I knew from an interview , are not comparable with the later bands of Nick , like The Birthday Party or The Bad Seeds , just different . Nearly all of the 10 tracks are full of action and guitars , for example ` The Nightwatchman ' , ` Brave Exhibitions ' , ` Friends Of My World ' , ` The Voice ' , ... Well , ` Door , Door ' is no album for people who like it slowly and romantically . Ha , for me as a fan a nice CD , with Nick as the young leader , which is always a pleasure . Yep .
 I 'm not a huge admirer of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds , finding many of their songs overblown and affected -LRB- despite a few gems like ` Straight to You ' -RRB- . But Nick Cave 's 1979 debut with his band The Boys Next Door is completely free of these faults , unaffected to the point of innocence , and also devoid of the angsty persona they would adopt for their next album ` Prayers on Fire ' -LRB- after changing their name to The Birthday Party -RRB- . On ` Door , Door ' very simple chord progressions act as scaffolding for melodies so catchy they will stay in your head for days , if not weeks . The album is a veritable template for anyone wishing to use music as a weapon -LRB- i.e. using it to get inside people 's heads -RRB- . Melody is far more important than instrumentation , but for the record the latter mainly consists of distorted guitar with cleanly muffled bass and amateurish drumming , plus the odd horn section or piano riff.No idea what the lyrics are about , and it 's not important , either . Good music trumps good lyrics any day . While the latter are a nice bonus , they 're not nearly so important as the music itself . From a musical point of view , ` Door , Door ' is a virtually perfect pop album ...
 boys next door is a very early incantation of nick cave.pulsating group of song from a master and Shivers is one of the finest songs cave has ever written
 I decided to get this album after seeing their song `` Shivers '' on Rage , I think , here in Australia . Terrific song . You tend to hear a cover version of that song when it gets played here in Australia though ... which is a pity . In the header I say that this album is better than `` From her to eternity '' and `` Your funeral ... my trial '' . The only reason I tried those Bad Seeds albums was that I remembered seeing the original version of `` The wings of desire '' many years ago , and the band playing live you saw in that sounded really weird . That band was Nick Cave And The Bad Seeds . About a year ago I found out what albums the movie made use of , and I bought them when I saw them for under $ 10 here . Listening to it all those years later seemed very unweird , compared to the movie ... maybe the versions in the movie were weirder , or maybe my benchmark for `` weird '' has gotten higher ! In any case , I found `` Door door '' more entertaining and interesting than those two Bad Seeds records . Not sure , but I think this album may have been influenced at times by Television 's `` Marquee moon '' . Not a fan of that Television album , but have reviewed it at this site . The running time of this cd is 32 minutes and I 'm reviewing the 1993 release of this album . The sound quality is good , if a little ` distant ' , if that makes sense.Best song -LRB- after one listen -RRB- : Shivers
 I received a copy of this from Mason and took a listen to it . The electric guitar addition to Largo De Luxe sounded surprisingly both refreshing and natural at the same time . In previous editions of the tune , the lead instrument was always a harmonica , which was okay , but it sounds more complete and natural with the stratocaster over it . It gives it almost a Santos and Johnny `` Sleepwalk '' effect to it , which suits the music better . I recently heard that this version is being submitted for Grammy consideration , which I think it deserves . Riding the Low Moon is excellent and probably the best track on the album . I 've listened to this version over and over again for weeks . Country Idyll is much the same as the old version , with more drum hooks tossed in that ends up making the update totally worth it . The Last Crusade is a humorous take on an older tune Mason wrote with alternating names , it was previously known as `` Common Ground '' , `` Tierra Commun '' , `` Fettucini Western '' , and perhaps more . The orchestral arrangement spotlights the excellent guitarwork of Zoe McCulloch and takes what used to be a purely classical piece into a new realm of Ventures like surfer rock . Eric Hamilton had recorded a similar idea , but this one could end up being a classic among Pipeline guitarists . It has inspired me to go back and look at the wealth of instrumental rock of the 50 's and 60 's .
 I discovered this album while exploring music by Mannheim Steamroller and bought it because I am a fan of Mason Williams ' `` Classical Gas . '' An energetic electronic update to the original acoustic is the first performance on the album , and in my opinion `` Classical Gas 2005 '' is every bit as interesting and fun as the original . The remainder of the album varies from hauntingly beautiful -LRB- Riding the Low Moon -RRB- , to epic -LRB- The Last Crusade -RRB- , to western-like -LRB- Eddie I 'm Ready -RRB- , to just plain electronic fun -LRB- Doot-Doot -RRB- . The music on this album is too interesting to fade into the background . I find myself being called to stop and listen to its magic . Mason Williams and guitarist Zoe McCulloch make a great team . I 'm impressed and pleased with my purchase .
 What can I say ? Vintage Williams doing what he does best . Sit back , enjoy , and lower your blood pressure .
 I encourage anyone young or old to purchace this CD . This band is not well heard of in younger generations , but people 50 and over will no who the tornadoes are when they here there hit song `` telstar '' My grandfather who has now passed gave me the old 45 vinyl of this band . The song Telstar was his favorite . Everytime i hear it I begin to weep . This band is powerful , and gives the impression of a cloudy day in london in the 1950 's . So do yourself a favor and buy this cd , and let the tornadoes pick you up and blow you away .
 I 'm only 12 , but i heard the tornadoes on an old eight track . I fell in love with the sound and i did some research . I have this cd and some old records of theirs too . So just to let you know , kids know who the tornadoes are !!!!! P.S. I am a very strange kid !!!!!!!!!
 Even though it is often forgotten today , there was one British rock song to chart before the Beatles invaded America . The Tornado 's immortal instrumental single `` Telstar '' hit number one on the charts over a year before `` I Want to Hold Your Hand '' was unleashed on the American public , and deservedly so . It 's one of the best instrumentals ever , and certainly one of the most unique . It is also the masterpeice of both the group and the infamous producer Joe Meek . It is by far the best song on the compilation , but the other songs are also very good . The Tornados were one of the most unique instrumental groups , and their style is a hybrid of space-age pop and surf rock , resulting in surreal yet catchy and occasionaly quite beautiful songs . The best non-American 60 's instrumental rock by far . If you enjoy the album , I suggest you pick up the Joe Meek compilation availible on Razor & Tie Records entitled `` It 's Hard to Beleive It '' -LRB- and vice versa -RRB- . Both albums are out of print but not especially hard to track down .
 The Swim label is the vehicle of Wire singer/guitarist Colin Newman and his wife Malka Spigel , a record company which has established itself as one of Britain 's most progressive outfits . However , unlike the excellent double-disc set `` Water Communication '' and much of Swim 's mid - '90s output , `` Swim team # 1 '' breaks no new ground . Aside from the fact that this compilation primarily collects previously released material , there 's nothing really innovative to discover here . Most of the new tracks come up with bass-heavy trip-hop beats , using growling guitar riffs as hip window-dressing . But where the rhythm/guitar loops are repeated ` ad infinitum ' , it does n't always make for enjoyable listening . Undoubtedly , the best tracks are the more ambient-inflected numbers . Lobe 's complex , moody `` Red spaces '' is easily the album 's highlight , along with Symptom 's elusive `` Burn '' . Another stand-out track is Bumpy 's funny electro-disco burner `` Pizza '' . No matter how useful this compilation may be for the newly interested , Swim fans are served poorly
 The composers of these songs were almost all born in the second half of the 19th century . Their attempt was to create an `` American music '' from native American sources of rhythm and tonality . I get the same sense of hearing original music with these songs as I got the first time I heard Erik Satie . The songs tend to be melodic and peaceful and fresh . Do n't expect much in the way of tom-toms and movie indian harmonies . I love to find songs that go to unexpected places . I found that here.For a much more sophisticated review , search `` American Indianists '' and Fred Flaxman .
 Glad to see I 'm not the only one who still finds this album to be extraordinary . Even by Kenny Wheeler 's standard of brilliant , evocative writing and exemplary musicianship , this stands alone . I got this album when I was immersed in late '70s ECM style jazz , much of it chaotic and dated sounding now . But there were also works of piercing beauty and if you were ever a fan of that style , this represents a sort of dream team . Names like Garbarek , DeJohnette , Abercrombie , and Towner speak for themselves . Kenny Wheeler always places the tune above mere technique , the song is never sacrificed in endless , self-absorbed noodling . And what tunes ! By turns sprightful , moody and ever wistful , marked by his soaring use of call and response.Even after almost 30 years , this remains the most perfect jazz album I 've ever heard . If you like this , seek out George Adams ' Sound Suggestions , also on ECM . It 's got KW and he contributes the best of the songs .
 Wheeler 's Deer Wan is perhaps the best showcase for his dual talents of writing and playing . The melodies are stunning and Wheeler gives his sidemen ample room to stretch . He 's assembled a Who 's Who from the ECM stable
 I first bought this record used some years ago and now own a CD copy , the original having been played to death . It 's a record that adopts itself to many moods , being both uptempo in parts and mellow in others . Wheeler 's charts are excellent , particularly the CD 's opening cut , Peace for Five , whose intro is a masterpiece in itself . He gets great perfomances out of Jan Garbarek -LRB- never better -RRB- , John Abercrombie , Dave Holland , and Jack DeJohnette ; in short , an all-star band in a highly recommendable package .
 I love Kenny Wheeler 's music . His compositions work so well in settings like he employs on records like this one - he writes great melodies , but leaves a lot of space for the ensemble and rhythm section to work their magic . DeJohnette , Holland , and Abercrombie work so very well together , and seem to be the perfect compliment to his writing.In Wheeler 's recordings like `` Deer Wan '' , `` Window in the Window '' , and `` Double , Double You '' get a lot of open blowing for sure , but there is also fine ensemble work and a general mood or vibe that creates a cohesiveness that many recordings do n't have . This makes these recordings enjoyable even after many repeated listenings , always sounding fresh.Shawn
 This masterpiece from Kenny Wheeler , Jan Garbarek , John Abercrombie , Dave Holland , Jack DeJohnette , -LRB- and Ralph Towner on one cut -RRB- is unlike any other album . And music on the ECM label is unlike anything else out there , so this is a must-listen . ECM brings together musicians that can improvise like composers and compose like improvisers . If I were forced to choose one album to represent this entire `` school '' or genre of music , this would be it.The compositions , arrangements , and improvisations are lyrical , complex , and unexpected yet grow from one another organically . I love listening to music that is so absorbing that it is only after the fact that I wonder what was what planned and what was spontaneous . This is music that is as far from formulaic as can be , even the `` formulas '' of jazz or classical music . It is like listening to an ecosystem.And with all the music on the ECM label , there is an unparalleled respect , dare I say reverence , for the sound of musical instruments and for sound itself . The music is sensual in the best sense of the word . Coupled with a roster of artists that is more global and diverse than any , there are good reasons why this company wins `` label of the year '' awards.I bought the album in 1977 when I was a composition student at Berklee and I 'm writing about it in 2011 , and there 's always something I did n't quite catch or absorb each time I listen .
 As the progressive rock era underwent disco degeneration in the last half of the 70s many of us boomers began searching . I lived in Austin at the time and started checking out Fred Bourque 's jazz program on the public radio station , just to see if there was anything there -- maybe `` fusion jazz '' . I new I did n't really like `` mainstream jazz '' . I could appreciate the technical virtuousity , but it generally did n't make me feel anything deep . Maybe I just did n't know what to listen to.Sitting alone listening late one evening , 3/4 in the Afternoon came on , and I felt the amazing emotional power of the Wheeler sound . By the end of Ralph Towner 's solo , the haunting beauty of the piece had raised goosebumps , and I was a changed being . I waited to hear Bourque identify the tune , wrote it down and found Deer Wan at the store the next day . I did n't know if there was anything else on the album I would like -- but I strongly felt there would be . This album began my exploration of that rich ECM jazz era.Agree with the other reviewer , a masterpiece from that ECM era . If you can listen to 3/4 in the Afternoon alone , late at night , and not get a little teary , you might want to look for professional help .
 I must confess I had never heard of Kenny Wheeler until I heard him on Fellini Jazz , a project lead by Italian piano virtuoso Enrico Pieranunzi capturing the aura of Fellini 's cinematic achievements . On an album that read like the who 's who of modern Jazz , Wheeler 's name was the only one on the list unknown to me . My investigations led me to find this album ... Record label ECM 's trademark contemporary sound shines through the exploits of this very underrated and prodigal trumpeter . The music with its crisp floating ambience seems reminiscent of spacious winter landscapes , if visualisation could be a metaphor . Jan Garbarek is the perfect foil for this man , and minimalism in music is portrayed in its finest light through the never ageing Paul Motian . Would be nice to see the likes of Tord Gustavsen on a future venture . Otherwise a defining album for me in the genre .
 Igor Markevitch 's fame still rests more or less exclusively on his work as one of the most remarkable conductors in the twentieth century . But the Marco Polo series of his orchestral music , should - if there is any justice - fill out that picture significantly . Indeed , I do n't think I am exaggerating that this series reveals him as one of the most remarkable composers of the twentieth century as well . To emphasize
 Cause I 've been playing this album to death . There 's something about the simple musical repetition , the sparseness at times and the beautifully and almost painful lyrics that grabbed me and would n't let go . Most artists are reluctant to indulge in personal tragedy or heartbreaking memory and instead do the tried and true ... love longs , breakup songs , poor poor me songs . Not Beth , she sounds sincere . There 's mood , feeling and truth in this album.Marc
 Oh my , Beth Waters has touched me like no other artist . I ca n't believe she is n't more well known . Her album is beautiful , tragic and surreal . Every minute of this album is gold.Every track really is a standout but there are a couple that stick with you . The album ends with the tear jerker ` Dad ' - it 's extremely sad yet so beautiful . I also loved ` Philosophy ' , ` Down To Me ' , ` Blue and White ' , ` Mom ' , ` Slut Song ' and ` Surrealistic ' ... though all the others are amazing too . This woman must be from another planet because these songs are too good to be real - her voice is soft , beautiful and a breath of fresh air compared to what we 've been getting in 2004 . A meaningful singer songwriter with a wonderful piano to accompany her vocals and lyrics.People have said she 's too similar to Tori Amos and Sarah McLachlan - why ? Because she has a piano ? Jeez , what 's with people thinking all female piano players are the same ? Although I love both Tori and Sarah -LRB- Tori is my all time favourite -RRB- , Beth is outstanding . I would recommend this album to anyone - if I had tons of money , I would buy a copy and give it out to random people . This kind of album comes out once in a blue moon : One that can change your life . For the better - Thank you , Beth .
 I saw Beth Waters perform at Slims in San Francisco . I was not planning on getting there early enough to see her . I am so glad I did . I bought three copies of her CD , and hope to see and hear LOTS more from her ! She opens her mouth , and out comes this beautiful , rich voice . She is young , and I think will grow as a singer and performer , but ... trust me , this is a CD worth owning .
 I am always looking for new female artists to listen to , as that is my favorite genre by far . I love the sounds of Tori , Sarah , and Alanis . I saw this on the shelf at a local Tower Records and made it a point to go back home and sample some cuts of Beth on the internet . I was taken in immediately with the first couple of 30-second cuts . So much so , that I ran right back out to Tower to by the disc.Not many CDs blow me away right out of the wrapper , but to say this one did would be a huge understatement . This CD instantly became one of my favorite CDs out of my many hundreds of discs and I played it over an over -LRB- and still do -RRB- . I liked every single song on the CD and started ordering copies for friends and family around the country that also like the same genre . Every single person I sent it to had a very similar reaction as mine . They were just amazed at everything Beth could do from her incredible piano , to her beautiful lyrics , to her superb voice . I even went to her website www.bethwaters.com to order a copy of her first CD `` Over the Tide '' , which is also another wonderful CD.Beth is actually a local performer here in the San Francisco Bay area and I have seen her several times . She is excellent in concert and , to me , it is just a matter of time until she is a famous musician/singer/songwriter . That is why I try to see her as often as I can , as there will come a time when many people will wish they had seen her in these intimate settings when they had the chance.Well , I think I am running out of adjectives . All I can say is that if you like this genre of music , I find it just about impossible to think that you will not be completely amazed with this CD . And , if you live in the Bay area , I highly recommend monitoring her website regularly to find her upcoming local performances so you can see her close up , while you still can . Enjoy !!!
 Beth Waters ' sophomore cd sounds very mature to me . I think she has found her path in music and she 's now ready to improve her sound even more , if that 's possible.Sometimes a little too over-produced to me -LRB- I wish that certain tracks would have remained acoustic or with basic arrangements -RRB- , the new cd is really good.Her perfectly clear and warm voice never misses and her piano skills are still very impressive . Plus she seems to have grown a lot musically since her last release in 2000 -LRB- `` Over The Tide '' -RRB- . This cd is a must-buy for me -LRB- no wonder it 's been in my cd collection for over a month now already ! -RRB- . Two big thumbs up to Beth!Ghisy
 This is another one of those CDs that you pop into the stereo and know within moments that it 's one you will be listening to over and over again for a long time . It feels like a staple in my music collection by the second song.The production is high quality . The songs are thoughtful , emotional and well written . The voice matches the songs beautifully with power and feeling.This CD has it all
 After discovering Beth Waters by accident on a playlist site , I decided to buy this album on a whim after hearing `` Sweaters '' . I was blown away . I felt shockwaves after listening to this CD because it 's so beautiful and well done . Beth Waters is a jewel in the rough . It 's rare when I find a singer/songwriter I love in the same vein as Tori Amos , Jewel , and Emiliana Torrini . Her lyrics are poetical and real . Very much like Ani DiFranco , but her style is piano-centric . For me , the hidden jewel on this album is track 8 `` Edge Of The Earth '' . It 's reminds me a lot of Sinatra 's `` Fly Me To The Moon '' because it 's so jazzy , but it fits in with the rest of the songs.You will not be disappointed with this album . You 'll come back to it time and again.If you like this album , I also recommendDisarming , Fisherman 's Woman , andTo the Bone .
 This album change my life . I love her words and singing voiice . She sound like million angels from on high . Very beautiful and poetic . I love the Beth Waters music .
 It 's clear Beth Waters went to school on Tori Amos and Sarah McLaghlan , but she has n't graduated yet . This album is a bit more interesting than McLaghlan 's last effort -LRB- actually , what , yawn , is n't ? -RRB- and even a bit more musically adventurous than Tori Amos 's repetitive , meandering Scarlet 's Walk , but annoying lyrics -LRB- listen to Mom-an anthem to be played at all PTA meetings -RRB- , and sedentary hooks mar this album . I like her voice best when she is loud and not borrowing from Sarah or Tori . I 'd like Beth to take more chances instead of sinking into derivative excursions like Sweaters . She needs to take more risks and her piano tinkerings do n't really shine that much.She needs to dive into some Aimee Mann and Ani DiFranco and get a little dirty and dark with her tunes . -LRB- otherwise , can you say Lounge Act ? -RRB-
 This CD dedicated to Stokowski 's memory is invaluable seen under any perspective . His affinity for Zoltan Kodaly will surprise to many of you . Leopold conjugates that nave fierceness and frenetic passion demanded by Kodaly , who may be considered as a Symphonic miniaturist but with memorable results . Harry Janos 's suite even does not match with Antal Dorati , possesses conviction and flamed energy . Te Deum is a work that should deserve to be played with major frequency in the actual Concert programs ; it owns this secular and characteristic atmosphere so typical of Hungary immersed in the great tradition of his musical ancestors.And finally we arrive to the jewel of the crown
 I bought this CD because it 's one of the few complete recordings of the Suite In Modo Polonico . The sound quality is good , and the guitar tone is good as well . I thought the tempos of the Suite were a little fast , but otherwise , a nice CD reference of Tansman 's work .
 The Brass Fantasy was a wonderful group that Lester Bowie led -- kind of a late 20th century interpretation of the New Orleans brass band , but playing the music of the day . It 's a real kick in the pants to hear some of the pop tunes as they are interpreted here . The tuba player rocks ! Forget the oom-pah ! My favorite is their interpretation of that jukebox favorite , Crazy . This is a great album for someone with a fairly open mind and a good sense of humor .
 Mart&iacute;nez Sobral 's symphonic scenes Acuarelas Chapinas , is a real revelation . Magnificently orchestrated pieces , they have an immediate and direct impact . As much as Falla 's Nights in the Gardens of Spain or Ives ' Three Places in New England , they describe a place , in this case , a city in Latin America circa 1905 . Ricardo Castillo 's tone poem Xibalb&aacute; evoques a world of magic and legends of the Mayan world . This is music that important conductors should take into account to enlarge their repertoires , introducing names from the past that merit the best disclosure .
 As the liner notes say , Castillo 's music seems to shout `` Once upon a time ... '' Beautiful folk-like melodies , orchestration that sounds like a mix of Lili Boulanger , Sviridov , and even Stravinsky . Some musical snobs will sniff , but who needs them anyway ? Great evocations of myth and fantasy .
 This disc captures the first 1950s recordings of wild blues harmonica man Kid Thomas . These Chicago recordings predate the timing of his most well-known song `` Rockin ' This Joint Tonight '' -LRB- if you can call it that , because I acknowledge Thomas is pretty obscure to begin with -RRB- , but are great nonetheless , due to Kid 's intense approach to 1950s-era Chicago electric blues . The overall feel is rough and tumble , and if you have any appreciation for Chess Records , this probably takes it a step further , as far as rocking goes.Be forewarned though - There are different takes of the same song , and several false starts on others , but the disc was such a rush upon first listen for me because of Kid 's approach to the blues that I immediately played it again - it 's been a while since a blues cd has done that to me .
 The title track to Mr. Leonhardt 's `` Two Lane Highways '' is a clever , catchy song that captures the nostalgic longings of a man who honed his youthful driving skills on the meandering blacktops of days gone by . `` Highway driving back then was a challenge , a rite of passage for young men . Nowadays , it 's compact cars and freeways and memories of how it was back then . '' It gets to be more true as time goes by .
 I 've been buying a fair amount of very old recordings lately , and I have enjoyed this one more than most . Will Oakland has a high , strong voice that is distinctive and almost sweet-at least on Emmett 's Lullaby , Tennessee Moon , and a few of the other standouts . Unfortunately , it appears this is the only recording of his work available . Billy Murray is also a top notch singer , as on Waiting for the Robert E. Lee . The sound quality here is as good as anything prior to 1925 -LRB- these songs were recorded in 1912-1914 -RRB- . Basically , this is high quality barbershop quartet music with an excellent falsetto voice that often sings lead .
 As someone who mainly listens to classical music , Kenny Davern has a particular appeal as a Jazz artist . The scope of his musicianship is quite unusual . His playing is alternately soulful and intricate , totally inhabiting the tunes he chooses . He also is one of the few jazz improvisers to understand the value of playing softly , which he does often to splendid effect . Howard Alden is an excellent counterweight to Davern in this quartet . He plays with delicacy and grace , never becoming overassertive unless his role as soloist requires it . The duo playing between him and Davern is especially sweet as it is unusual . Also , the frequent soft playing of these two enables us to hear more of the splendid bass player , Phil Flanigan , who is charming and inventive . This is the sort of jazz that rewards close listening , yet is basically easy on the nerves and is full of style . I hope it never goes out of fashion .
 FSOL AcceleratorFSOL have , for me , always produced the sounds that best reflect what 's happening inside my head . This album is a classic , pure genius . and with the signature track being Papua New Guinea . This track has haunted me since I first heard it years ago , as a deep hum in the background to a BBC radio documentry on House and Rave culture in the UK . I had no idea what or who it was . All I knew was I had to hear it again . This is THE CD in my collection .
 FSOL 's first album -LRB- released in ' 91 -RRB- and also one of my favorites . Their early 90s work differs a lot from their ambient techno of the mid 90s - it 's comparable to the work from Moby and Orbital around the same time . Fans of their ambient style might prefer their later work . This album was probably the first techno that I listened to , so for a long time it has been the standard to which I compare other albums . The track ` Papa New Guinea ' has to be one of their best known tracks and one of my all-time favorites . For the fans that like all of FSOL 's work also check out their alter ego Amorphous Androgynous .
 When it all comes down to comparing `` Accelerator '' with other FSOL works , it becomes apparent that the same ratings systems can not be used . Afterall , `` Accelerator '' is FSOL 's most accessable album , something which appeals both to hardcore FSOL fans , and the average techno-loving Joe who may not be into the whole `` Ambient-Trance '' genre which FSOL 's `` LifeForms '' basically defined . And where `` LifeForms '' is full of natural sounds and music which is hypnotic and almost not music at all , `` Accelerator '' is full instead of beats , structure , and the usual odd sound clips which are thrown in on occaison to add variety . And while this does make it a good album , it is not FSOL 's best ; rating third , after `` LifeForms '' and `` Dead Cities '' .
 FSOL have , for me , always produced the sounds that best reflect what 's happening inside my head . This album is a classic , pure genius . and with the signature track being Papua New Guinea . This track has haunted me since I first heard it years ago , as a deep hum in the background to a BBC radio documentry on House and Rave culture in the UK . I had no idea what or who it was . All I knew was I had to hear it again . This is THE CD in my collection .
 All in all , a very good first effort , although , in light of thier later releases , a very atypical one in that it is very `` club-ready , '' with a lot of pounding dance beats and simplistic melodies , entireely unlike later relases such as `` Dead Cities '' and `` Lifeforms , '' which concentrate less on establishing dense dance beats and more on melodic development.The opening track , `` Expander , '' is a vibrant one , with smashing dance beats and beautifully conterposing melodies . `` Stolen Documents '' has more of a jazzy feel to it , while `` While Others Cry '' expresses Latin and Afro-Cuban influences . Tracks 4 and 5 , `` Calcium '' and `` It 's not my problem '' are rather boring drones . `` Papua New Guinea '' is a lush , evocative , beautiful , almost sensual song , with its choral vocalisations and its tribal breakbeats . `` Moscow '' is an angry song with a punishing rhythm ; it foreshadows `` We Have Explosive '' in some ways . Both `` 1 in 8 '' and `` Pulse State '' are two more uninspired droning bores . `` Central Industrial , '' with its industrial-tribal breakbeats and choral accents , is one of the best dance songs ever released.The next few songs are remixes
 Very , very nice ... . Accelerator is the best work FSOL has ever done . A must-have for techno-music listeners . For those of you out there that liked Lifeforms , you 'll love this -LRB- either that , or you have bad taste :--RRB- -RRB-
 Despite being released at the turn of the 90 's , ` Accelerator ' sounds less old-fashioned nowadays than either ` FSOL ' or ` LifeForms ' , and if they are remembered for anything it will be ` Papua New Guinea ' , their mixture of dub bass , breakbeats and Dead Can Dance . A well-balanced halfway-house between intelligent techno and ambient , ` Accelerator ' is frequently gorgeous , and extremely nostalgic . In 1992 , it seemed as if intelligent electronic dance music would precipitate an irreversible shift in musical culture , and although FSOL did n't leave much of a legacy , this makes Basement Jaxx doubly pitiable .
 This cd is true trippiness !! It has funky , ambient , acid , breakbeat , and trance mixed in with futuristic sound ! If you listened to the recording and thought it sounded a little off , then do n't worry , I thought the same thing , but when you listen to the whole tracks then you 'll love it , belongs on the shelf with classics like , The orb , Orbital , and Juno Reactor . By All means buy this tripnotic cd .
 This high performance album by FSOL was a ground-breaker when released in the early 90 's . Some had heard the phenomenal track , `` Papua New Guinea '' with angelic singing by Riz Mazlin -LRB- AKA Neotropic , and Small Fish With Spine -RRB- on the `` Cool World '' Movie Soundtrack and wanted more . Well , this album delivers a sonic bouquet for the senses , that is sometimes harsh , dreamy , and does not disappoint . It has not left my CD changer in over 7 years .
 -LRB- I am writing this review the first day I hear FSOL -RRB- I have n't yet purchased any of FSOL 's albums , but from the samples I keep hearing this is one of the best electronica / techno bands out there . Before listening to this I was -LRB- and still am -RRB- a huge fan of Meat Beat Manifesto -LRB- MBM -RRB- , but listening to this makes me think how other bands can compare to them . Just listening to the 30 sec . samples I can determine the creator of this music is just a musical genius as a.k.a. Jack Dangers . Without question if you like British ambient and trip-hop techno this band will be one of your absolute favorites . FSOL and MBM are the best techno/electronica bands out there for the sole reasons that the musicians are far beyond genius and that they are EXTREMELY successfull at producing to very different types of techno , ambient and trip-hop . Thanks and I hope you enjoy these albums as much as I will when I purchase every single one .
 There to cds on this album.The first one is Accelorator.Accelorator is very good like ... i like a couple of the songs but this is more of a more techno album . It has more the plan one bass beats . But i love some of the songs . I mean i love all the songs but if you like hardcore tchno ... . i would ` nt suggest the first disk . But buy it anyway becauser the second disk is fabulous !! Its the papa New Gueni -LRB- or how ever you spell -RRB- remixes . Hibrid , blue states , simone , mellow and more remix papa new gueni . The second cd in my apinion is better but its always different opinions . you should defenetly put some thought in and buy this album . its great !!!!
 This is one of the smartest and most dynamic CD I 've bought in a long time . Not for dancing though except for Moscow . I put this CD on when I chill out or go to sleep or just want to hear some awesome tunes . I describe it to my friends as 3D music because it seems their world their portraying through the music is so big and beutiful that I can understand that they just wanted to lock themselves in the studio after this album - why look any further . Papa New Guinea is a classic of course with vocals from the Dead Can Dance girl .
 Opening with `` Expander '' was a smart move . The song makes you get out of your seat and dance . The rest of the album differs in places , but stays along the same vein . The amazing thing about this album is FSOL 's ability to make music with relatively little music . Some tracks have almost no melody , a bass line , and some awesome noises . Other great tracks are `` When Others Cry , '' with the man singing that you ca n't understand , and of course , `` Papua New Guinea . '' Tell me about an incredible piece of music . It is beautiful , haunting , strange , creepy , and also , at the same time ... danceable . The song is relatively simple as well . It is just two different vocal samples , an extremely basic bassline , and a few chords given in a shimmering rythm . It evokes so many images , and so many differing images , that all that can be said is to listen to it . The same goes for the entire album .
 Accelerator . If you do n't have this album , you do n't know anything about electronic music . It 's a classic through-and-through . Although it may sound slightly dated , it still stands head-and-shoulders above most techno albums today . With impressive range , from the moody `` While Others Cry '' and the trance-forerunner `` Calcium '' to the nu-industrial of `` Central Industrial '' and the storming `` Moscow , '' Accelerator still is a great listen . This re-release also includes 10 mixes of `` Papua New Guinea , '' a title that should inspire devotion among all fans of electronic music . Blue States does its usual downtempo magic on the track , while Simian makes it sound like the carnival from hell . Hybrid -LRB- of course -RRB- adds some hard breaks , while Satoshi Tomiie makes some dark house . Some good mixes , but do they hold up to the original ? What do you think the answer is ?
 Papau New Guinea is perhaps the finest electronic composition ever . Get this release for that alone ... and you will be pleasantly suprised by the rest of the release . Not as strong as many of FSOL 's other releases , but worth getting simply for Papau New Guinea -LRB- the original mix -RRB- .
 This disc single-handedly changed my perceptions of modern dance music . Though I originally bought the CD for its `` alright '' techno tracks -LRB- It 's Not My Problem , Moscow , Calcium -RRB- I slowly warmed up to the more adventurous songs , especially Papua New Guinea . For those who have n't heard the song let me tell you ... YOURE MISSING OUT BIG TIME !!! Other good tracks are Expander , Central Industrial , and the remixes .
 All of my friends hate it when I play FSOL , and this album is no exception ! However , the constant bass and flowing , semi-erratic/semi-genius sound of this album is by far the best thing to annoy my friends and loved ones with ! I absolutely could die with this playing , and I probably will , too .
 or so it is called . FSOL 's `` Accelorator '' experiments with this so-called techno-ambient structure . Also has a little industrial added to it . It ranges from free-flowing beats to solid conceptual beats . Dead Cities is another good sample of FSOL 's ability to sample and create
 Good electronic/ambient artist 's very first CD , originally put out in 1991 . Took me awhile to land a copy of this title.FSOL is strictly a duo , members are Garry Cobain and Brian Douglas.Really quite a piece of work here , that is IF you dig this genre.Tracks that I remember to my liking were `` Expander '' , their inspiring single `` Papua New Guinea '' -LRB- have seen this tune mentioned in magazine reviews and articles before -RRB- , `` 1 To 8 '' and `` Pulse State '' . Should appeal to some fans of The Orb , Meat Beat Manifesto , Sky Lab and Chemical Brothers .
 Same vibe as some early Orb , very entertaining and real - if you claim to like techno , you should have this album . You 'll really be cheating yourself if you buy just the single .
 My kids -LRB- and I -RRB- really love this tape . We take it out every year when Chanukah rolls around and it really gets us into the spirit . It 's lively and fun and a little educational , too .
 The best New Age cd I have ever listened to . It 's a delicate way to rest and relax . The sounds of the ocean and birds are magnificent .
 I love this CD . I play it for my son when he is going to sleep . Very peaceful , mellow and soothing .
 When I put the cd on it makes me feel like I 'm actually at the hotel and it 's kid-friendly and the songs are calming so its not crazy or anything preferred this for people who ca n't make it to the hotel or want to feel fancy .
 Florent Schmitt , for some listeners , can be too much
 Thank you for making my baby happy , he is very into this type of music . just waiting for the next cd
 Jenna Reid has produced a debut solo cd of sheer quality from start to finish . This young woman is such a stunning live performer its a joy to see she has produced an equally impressive studio recording . Stripped bare of over production lets her talent be heard . Fiddle playing of the highest order
 I 've been a Jenna Reid fan for some time , and this collection is nothing short of incredible . It 's one of those albums I ca n't stop listening to , and never can get enough of . It 's always cued up to listen to at any time . I 'm a fiddler , so I 'm obviously leaning heavily in that direction when it comes to my music choices , but even for those who simply love great music from great musicians , this album is a real treat . I waited some time for the CD to become available again , and after a long wait , I just went for the MP3 download of it ... and wish I 'd done it sooner . Sheer artistry . Just listen to Princess Beatrice and The Hurricane as examples . I ca n't recommend this highly enough . I 'd give it ten stars if I could !
 I really enjoy this album and the level of playing is admirable . There is a good range of tunes , which fit together well as a whole . I think I listened to it about 6 times in a row when I first got it .
 The CD did n't come with any packaging -LRB- cellophane , etc. -RRB- like a normal CD does . The case was cracked a little with shipping . The CD itself was in good shape , though , and it 's good music .
 It 's a shame no one has reviewed this disc yet , and it 's virtually unknown . This is the most original and persuasive statement on D 960 I 've ever heard . I 've never heard an Afanassiev performance before , and it 's dangerous to generalize from just one , but I 'd say so far the man reminds me a lot of Anatol Ugorski -- someone who ignores trends in interpretation and thinks for himself.Afanassiev takes the odder elements of this piece -- the strange bass rumblings , the suddenly pauses , the shift of emotional gears between ii and iii and iii and iv -- and runs with them rather than deemphasizing them . I have no idea -LRB- nor do I care -RRB- if this is `` how Schubert actually played it , '' but I do know one thing
 I was recently visiting another store here in town , and was totally struck by whatever it was they were listening to . It was exactly the sort of thing I love ; it was creepy and dark and droney , sort of familiar , but totally strange and alien at the same time . Huge moaning horns , lots of incredibly low brass , emitting cacophonous groans , strange monk like chanting , it sounded a little like something I could have heard , maybe Hermann Nitsch , or Arvo Part , it was sort of choral , but also tribal , and those horns , it was like the sound they made was a physical entity , a brass wave filling the room , eventually I had to swallow my pride and ask just what the heck they were listening to . The answer was of course King Kong Vs. Godzilla.WTF ?! KING KONG VS. GODZILLA ? Now I love me my King Kong , and those cheesey , men-in-rubber-suits monster movies , but I certainly did n't remember the music being so ... weird , and heavy , and haunting , and beautiful . Now that I 've been listening to this soundtrack for a week or two , it 's nearly impossible to imagine how this could be the music for a battle between those two classic movie monsters . And if I do , I ca n't help but imagine the typical clumsy rubber suited battles transformed into impossibly arty ballets , drenched in blacks and greys , gauzy and arty , like some hellish painting brought to life.King Kong Vs. Godzilla , originally released in 1962 , was the most maligned and misunderstood , as well as somehow the most successful of all the Godzilla movies . Unlike the films before it , KK Vs. G was a bit more light hearted -LRB- you would never know from the score ! -RRB- , the monster suits less scary , the whole film a subtle satire of Japanese commercialism . For it 's American release it was tinkered with , chopped , edited and poorly dubbed . The result while obviously a far cry from the original 's intent , resulted in a film that still appealed to the American market 's love for cheesy monster movies and was thus a sucess here too.Sadly though , when the film was re-edited for US release , the score was mostly replaced with music from The Creature From The Black Lagoon ! Apparently that 's not totally unheard of , since once a film is dramatically re-edited , the original music just does n't sync up , but once you hear Ifukube 's score it 's impossible to imagine anyone wanting to replace it.Since this is a soundtrack , there are definitely tracks that exist to support particular onscreen visuals , be it a melancholy bit of old timey jazz , some festive marching band music , a bit of playful calypso pop , some tribal drum / chant interludes , but for the most part , Ifukube 's gives us a series of creepy , haunting orchestra driven chunks of dramatic moodiness , forboding and sinister , evoking not so much images of giant apes and lizards , but instead of human misery and terror , the frailty of human existence in the face of monsters and demons . Bleak and oppressive , funereal and somber , but with glimmers of hopefulness , and stretches of what sounds like resilliance in the face of doom , calls to arms , an amazingly emotional score for a monster movie , all conveyed via the aformentioned moaning horns swooping ominously above martial drumming and booming tympani 's , balanced by bits of soaring strings and chanting vocals.I want to see this movie now so bad , but at the same time it almost seems like these sounds would be tainted , even though they were composed to accompany those specific images , having heard them on their own , the music has taken on it 's own life , its own meaning , and exists fully realized simply as music , even -LRB- especially ? -RRB- removed from it 's visual counterpart.I imagine that this was most likely re-released to coincide with the recent Peter Jackson King Kong remake , which is also probably why you wo n't find ANY images of King Kong anywhere in the booklet or on the sleeve . But do n't let that keep you from discovering this amazing recording.Extensive liner notes including the fascinating and convoluted history of the film as well as notes on each track .
 This is nothing short than a magnificant score . Akira Ifukube had composed this in 1962 and it is an interesting blend of different musical styles . Most of the score has an eerie and morose feel to it but at times it actually breaks into Jazz pieces that sound more appropriate for a cocktail lounge . Then the tracks where the natives are chanting along with the jungle drums will make you want to mix up a blend of Mai-Tai 's and slurp them down from coconuts then decorate your backyard with tiki idols . If you enjoy exotic music or cocktail lounge music , this is an album you should consider for your collection . Invite your friends over this summer for some tropical drinks , slip this album on in between Harry Belafonte and Martin Denny and your backyard will be praised as the local
 THIS IS FANTASTIC SCORE FOR ANY KIND OF A MOVIE , NOT JUST A CHEESY JAPANESE MONSTER MOVIE ! THE SCORE FOR THIS MOVIE WAS NOT ON THE VERSION OF THE MOVIE THAT WAS RELEASED IN THE USA IN 1962 . HAVING NEVER SEEN THE ORIGINAL , UNEDITED , JAPANESE VERSION OF THE MOVIE , I WAS UNFAMILIAR WITH THIS MOVIE SOUNDTRACK , IT INCLUDES EERIE , SCARY KIND OF MUSIC -LRB- YOU CAN ALMOST FEEL THE MONSTERS CREEPING UP ON YOU , RIGHT OUT OF THE OCEAN -RRB- , TRADITIONAL JAPANESE PERCUSSION , POP MUSIC , CHANTING , A LITTLE TIN PAN ALLEY , BLUES , LOUNGE MUSIC , MILITARY MARCHES , YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT IS COMING NEXT . I WAS REALLY BLOWN AWAY BY THE WHOLE THING ...
 The Searchers , like everybody else of their era , were overshadowed by the Beatles , but they made some great music of their own . All the essential hits are here - their only American top ten hit -LRB- Love potion No. 9 -RRB- , plus all their big British hits , several of which were covers of American songs - which , of course , is why they did n't have much success in America.Their chart career begin in Britain with Sweets for my sweet -LRB- Drifters -RRB- and was followed by Sugar and spice , a song written by Tony Hatch , who is best remembered for Downtown and the other songs he wrote for Petula . For their third single , they covered Needles and pins , which was first recorded by Jackie De Shannon but was actually written by Sonny Bono and Jack Nitzsche . The group Smokie revived it in the seventies.Although Jackie De Shannon did n't write Needles and pins , the Searchers recorded several songs that Jackie did write , most famously When you walk in the room - interestingly , this song was revived by Pam Tillis , who had a number two American country hit in the early nineties with the song . Do n't throw your love away and Goodbye my love were also huge British hits . What have they done to the rain ? was a top 20 hit and was one of the first ecological songs to hit the British charts.If you only want a single CD of Searchers music , this is a good one to choose .
 The mid-sixties gave us so much terrific music , it was hard for any one group -LRB- besides the Beatles -RRB- to stand out of the crowd . The Searchers were an exception . Their music was so well crafted and performed that in retrospect their best was as good as it got . Great tunes , well sung and recorded , this music stands up well even thirty years later . And one thing which you 've got to love -- there is a lot of diversity in their music . I do n't give many 5-star ratings , so be sure to put his album on your `` must-have '' list of 60 's rock .
 Listeners of this cd will be reminded that , in the era of just three guitars and a drummer , the British Invasion provided a pleasant change from American sounds in the early 1960s . The sound quality of this cd is remarkable . On `` Do n't Throw Your Love Away '' you can actually hear someone in the studio rustling some papers at the very start of the song . The opening drum riff on `` Needles and Pins '' will stir the blood of any Mersey listener . This album is nothing but pop ... but pure , straight and beautiful pop it is with jingle jangle guitars and high harmonies covering songs that strongly hint of a lost era of innocence . Either you love this stuff ... or you do n't !
 In the opening paragraph of the four pages of liner notes Parke Puterbaugh says `` Of the groups in the British Invasion vanguard , the Searchers were always just a little bit different . It was n't flamboyance - long hair , loud music - but the lack of it that made them stand out among their rock 'n roll brethern . `` That is so true . And something else that set them apart from most of the British groups was the constant change-over in personnel . After serving as the back-up band for British singer Johnny Sandon until 1962 , and playing gigs at Hamburg 's Star Club , the original group of Mike Pender , John McNally -LSB- vocals and guitars -RSB- , Tony Jackson -LSB- vocals and bass -RSB- , and drummer Chris Curtis scored their first hit in the U.K. in June 1963 with a cover of The Drifter 's hit Sweets For My Sweet -LSB- track 1 -RSB- , followed in August by an album -LSB- # 2 in the UK -RSB- , Meet The Searchers , for the Pye label.In October they had their second UK hit , Sugar And Spice , reach # 2 , but a North American release by Liberty failed to chart . Again , that was followed by an album , Sugar And Spice -LSB- # 5 in the UK -RSB- in November . By the start of the following year the Kapp label had taken over distribution in the U.S. just in time for Needles And Pins , written by Sonny Bono and Jack Nitzsche , which was a # 1 in the UK and a # 13 Billboard Hot 100 in April 1964 in North America . Their third album , Meet The Searchers - Needles And Pins , combined tracks from their first two and went to # 22 in North America -LSB- not released in the UK -RSB- . From there to the end of 1964 they chalked up six more hit singles
 The Brits came over and blasted us not only with the Stones and Beatles , but with groups like Gerry and the Pacemakers , Peter and Gordon and the best of them , The Searchers . They gave us hit after hit . Songs with a beat we could dance to and sing along to . Love Potion # 9 was sung by many groups , but it is their version we remember . If you like music with that heavy beat this is the album for you .
 Its a shame that The Searchers were one of the most underatted bands of the British Invasion and that they only had a couple of hits here in the States . But yet over in England the only other group to give these guys trouble chart wise was of course The Beatles . Play this disc and youll understand and hear why . Fantastic guitar work , vocals drums , AWESOME DOUBLE TRACKING done correctly by these guys not just using the same vocals from the first track which used to be the norm . These guys worked very hard on all of their material . There is no way I could pick who was the better lead vocalist overall of the two main guys Tony Jackson Or Frank Allen . If your thinking that its like all the other British invasion type of material you will be extremely pleased to find that The Searchers were not the typical British acts . The Searchers truly have THE BEST version of Some Other Guy which sadly is not on this disc . No matter for now , youll love this music , find it different from other acts hear them grow and mature to the point you yourself will become a Searcher attempting to find their other material . This is truly an act that belongs in the Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame .
 People . Let me tell you , I may be an old Seer -LRB- that you know and love -RRB- however , it is all an illusion . I could change into a 20 year old at the snap of a finger , and I recently did that . To be honest , I am bored of the 21st century -LRB- yes , already ! -RRB- , and decided to use my time travel skills once more . Let 's be real , everything is a mess here . Admit it . Loons trying to homoginize society and trying to fit everybody into some distorted politically correct mold . Forget it . Illustrious Seers are beyond all of this -LRB- unless , of course , Amazon gets a complaint and this review disappears -RRB- . But I promise not to push the envelope -LRB- this time ! -RRB- . Well I time travelled , back to London in the mid-60s . Ok , so it 's a short hop from Scotland . So I 'm lazy . Get over it . It takes a lot of energy for a Seer to do this . Anyway , I wound up on Carnaby Street at the Marquee Club . A famous dance bar for the uninformed . Now this is where pure energy is ! Your Metamorpho felt right at home . Birds in go go boots and mini dresses were swarming around me . Twirling their fingers around my grey beard , begging me to dance with them . After a few drinks , I was n't sure if it was me they wanted or the hundreds of pounds in my wallet , which was incredibly heavy . After my third drink , it did n't matter . I was having FUN people ! And this is what this review is all about . How ironic.I have to be honest , the Searchers were one of the top bands at the time . This was a time when the British Invasion took over the States . The Searchers never made an incredible dent into the American scene -LRB- not like the Beatles -RRB- , however they did have their share of hits . I would be lying to you if I said this is very complex music . It 's not . It is very time specific . But , for anyone who remembers this time , it definitely was exciting . These songs are probably very simple compared to today 's standards , but I think that 's the charm in this collection . The songs adhere to the youth concerns of the time , which is boy-girl relationships , and the topics really do n't stray away from this concept . What we have here are simple - but memorable poppy pop songs , all done within the format of bass , rythmn and lead guitar with a constant beat . Also reliable vocal harmony.The Searchers never really stray from the format . There are no scorching leads here or extreme musical forays . Do remember that this was a more innocent time - before popular rock lyrics expanded - before pychedelia expanded - before your consciousness expanded . But , with all that expanding yet to come , The Searchers remained firm in their niche . The wheels of time were not kind to them , or Gerry and the Pacemakers , or Herman 's Hermits , or the Dave Clark Five . However , it was a fun and energetic time while it lasted.In closing , I should mention a few notable songs on this collection . `` Needles and Pins '' is probably the best known song by them . Who could forget `` pin-za '' ? Of course their rendition of `` Love Potion Number Nine '' and a tune by Jackie DeShannon `` When You Walk In the Room '' . Even a slower ballad like `` What Have They Done to the Rain '' is memorable . The Searchers were masters of the hook within a 3 minute tune . And I would remiss if I did n't tell you that some of these songs definitely influenced future bands such as The Byrds and Love . The evolution of music includes a mix of everything that 's gone before . That 's how it works.Anyway , I think I 've overstayed my welcome at Carnaby Street . Some birds knocked me out , robbed my boots and wallet , and I woke up with no one in the bar at 5 in the morning . My description to the police was that they looked like Twiggy . The Bobby laughed and said 3 out of 4 birds in London looked like Twiggy . They hurt me like a bee , a bumble bee , an evil bumble bee . Oh well...........Fab-Gear-Not Grotty -- Metamorpho ; -RRB-
 Not only a great reminder and roundup of great SEARCHERS tracks and `` covers , '' it is one of the best sounding CD 's of their tracks . While it 's easy to find LOVE POTION # 9 -LRB- I must have it on 10 collections -RRB- but the audio quality on this one beats them all ... same with NEEDLES & PINS ... so if you 're a fan of early rock or just music - this is a great starter capsule of how cool and great they were AND the CD soudn quality is excellent !
 Clearly influenced by the Everley Brothers , Buddy Holly and various Skiffle groups , the Searchers served up American-inspired folk-pop-rock that kept the noise-filled disco caverns of sixties Britain bouncing along with catchy , lively dance numbers . The best of the British groups - The Beatles , Rolling Stones , Hollies , Tremeloes , and others - went on to develop new and distinctive music . Others , like The Merseybeats and The Searchers , lacked the songwriting talent to move forward . And their up-tempo Where Have All the Flowers Gone vies with The Hollies ' big band rendition of Blowin ' in the Wind as the most kitsch version of a protest song ever . They were actually more folk-influenced than a collection of their hits suggests . This collection is worth hearing for some interesting covers of classic American pop hits , and is essential for the completist sixties music enthusiast . They are still going , in changed lineups of course , and in rival versions . They were big enough back in the day to live off all that nostalgia for years to come .
 THE SEARCHERS were one of five groups stamped as MERSEY BEAT groups during the BRITISH INVASION.Apart from THE BEATLES , easily the best group of the bunch , there were THE DAVE CLARK FIVE , GERRY AND THE PACEMAKERS , HERMAN 'S HERMITS and THE SEARCHERS.All of those bands were essentially singles oriented.Notice how WHEN YOU WALK IN TO THE ROOM sounds like THE BEATLES I FEEL FINE.Still , some of their singles , all included here are part of the so called 1963-1966 era , and have that innocence that after 1967 will be lost forever.SOMEDAY WE 'RE GON NA LOVE AGAIN and EVERYBODY COME CLAP YOUR HANDS were probably their two best tunes.When THE SEARCHERS released SECONDHAND DEALER in 1967 , the clean cut image went downhill , and JOHN WAYNE took his STETSON and shoot them all out , regaining the title of his most famous western .
 Anyone who claims to be a Prince fan will have this album . I 've yet to meet anyone who has it though . I 've made it known to all of you prince fans by listing it on my must have cd 's @cdnow . com . Most do n't have it because they never knew it existed . Supposedly these jams were a high school demo . There is also an Import version available and I 'll list as well . The most lasting gift you can give someone is the gift of music and this is my gift to all of you Prince fans !!! enjoy !
 Fantastic to hear the brothers got back together and put out a new album ... It 's much better than their last 2 CDs -LRB- Smashing and Sex & Travel - which were great in their own right -RRB- . It proves the Fairbass bros have the knack for creating very catchy tunes!It is just what you 'd expect from RSF ; sexy , over-the-top , ultra cheesy schmooze with upbeat grooves ... as evidenced from the first track , ` He 's my Mate ' . Even the occasional ballad is cheeky enough that they are pure fun to listen to.The tunes are trendy , radio friendly , and so catchy that they literally make you sing along!The revamps of ` Just Kiss ' and ` I 'm Too Sexy ' are funky fun and fantastic variations on the originals.And the songs ` Girlfriend ' and ` Lover.com ' -LRB- in particular -RRB- are very slick sexy digital romps ! A definite must-have for everything from beach parties to disco-hounds to cleaning the house .
 I would definitely buy again from this place
 My `` golden age '' of listening to music was from the early 80 's to early 90 's . The punk movement had evolved into what was called New Wave . While the Ramones did it great in the punk vein , the evolution to New Wave led to bands like Blondie and The Talking Heads . What I loved about those bands was the wall-to-wall , `` overproduction '' if you please , where you definitely got you money 's worth from their studio sessions.Alas , music evolved into rap , hip-hop , and something called `` alternative '' music where spoiled kids with nothing to complain about managed to do nothing but complain about everything.So the stuff I really like is few and far between . Which is why this album was a breath of fresh air . While they definitely have their own sound , and have taken their genre further , I can still relate to this album big time the same way I related to that `` old music '' . It 's dance music , but loaded with , literally , all kinds of bells and whistles that helped make music fun again.If those that like this want some recommendations from an old guy , check out the best of Blondie and The Talking Heads for more delights . Ca n't go wrong with the Clash 's `` Sandinista '' , either .
 My friend was the one who got me hooked on Garbage , she really liked the band and had Version 2.0 , I had only heard two songs from them , `` When I Grow Up '' and `` Special '' -LRB- except I thought `` Special '' was sung by Sheryl Crow ! -RRB- . A year later I bought the CD for myself , and now I am a HUGE Garbage fan . I think they are the best band in the whole world , and recently I bought BeautifulGarbage , their 3rd CD . I need the 1st one and I 'll have all of them ! Every song on this album is great , and you can listen to it over and over again , and you 'll never get sick of it ! My favorite songs on this awesome CD are `` Temptation Waits '' , `` When I Grow Up '' , `` Wicked Ways '' , `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' , and , well they 're all very good songs . Buy this album , believe me you 'll love it !
 This CD is fantastic . Song # 12 -LRB- You Look So Fine -RRB- is very underrated . I recommend this CD as a strong buy .
 Being a huge fan of the first album , I hoped Garbage 's follow-up `` Version 2.0 '' would at least match it . Luckily , it went beyond my expectations . After listening to the first song from the album , `` Temptation Waits '' , I could have pretty much been listening to the band recite the phone book and still be impressed . But the other songs are great nonetheless , ranging from the downright manic -LRB- `` Hammering In My Head '' , `` Push It '' -RRB- to the beautiful -LRB- `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' , `` You Look So Fine '' -RRB- to the popish -LRB- `` Special '' , `` When I Grow Up '' -RRB- . It 's a great album , and an impressive follow-up for the band .
 I traveled cross country a few years ago and I played this CD almost the entire time . It 's not too sleepy , not too fast like some bands tend to be . It 's been out for a while now and I still listen to it like it 's brand new.A must buy !
 It is now three years since Garbage 's successful debut was released to the unsuspecting public also gaining critical acclaim . So is second album , one of the most anticipated albums of the year any good ? The immediate answer is mixed , on one hand the songs are better , more developed and accessible . On the other , the band has not advanced in a big way , the album literally Version 2 of the first record . Garbage have taken the traditional pop song and mixed in electronica , pulsating rhythms , multiple samples , fused with the distinctive vocals of Shirley Manson . The title ` Version 2.0 ' is an ideal name for this record as it sounds like a sequel to the first . Underneath the dance-friendly beats and sublime pop melodies you 're find the dark and twisted lyrics of Shirley , ` Temptation Waits ' being an example in `` I am a wolf , but I like to wear sheep 's clothing '' . The dark and chilling ballads are once again present on a Garbage record . Like ` Milk ' , ` You Look So Fine ' has crystalline guitars and weeping strings and ` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing ' is destined to become a big hit on the air-waves . Two of the best songs on the album borrow hooks from other artists , such as ` Push It ' taking its `` Do n't worry baby '' melody from Brian Wilson and ` Special ' sounding like a Pretenders song . Overall then , a technically flawless album that lacks any kind of emotion in it 's familiarity .
 I listen to the CD over and over . It is my favorite
 I happened to hear Version 2.0 by chance , and I do n't know where I 'd be today without it . Garbage is everything lacking in the pop/rap rhythms of today , with intelligent lyrics , catchy -LRB- but NOT annoying -RRB- music , and Shirley 's amazing voice . I love the way that the lyrics take on personalities of their own . TEMPTATION WAITS-my favorite track on the CD , the epitome of Version 2.0 . Energetic , original , and a cool chorus , too ! I THINK I 'M PARANOID-gotta love this one . Shirley really gets to show off her amazing voice . WHEN I GROW UP-good , upbeat song but not a favorite . MEDICATION-sad , slow song with powerful lyrics . SPECIAL-another fave . Energetic music coupled with amazing lyrics make this a winner . HAMMERING IN MY HEAD - it 's okay , but the chorus can get a little tiring . PUSH IT - another okay song , also gets a little tiring . THE TRICK IS TO KEEP BREATHING - slow song with sad lyrics . DUMB-love it ! This one 's fast with a great chorus . SLEEP TOGETHER - a really powerful song . WICKED WAYS - just like they said , wicked . More fast paced than the others . YOU LOOK SO FINE - truly beautiful and haunting . I can describe the songs , but you 'll have to hear them for yourself . Fans of alternative rock ca n't go wrong with this excellent addition .
 This album still has the great vocals , and the rock and techno combination . So whats the big difference between this and their self - titled album ? The songs on this one do n't have the same dark edge and I do n't think that Shirley 's vocals work as well . That being said its still a good album and worth a buy -LRB- after you 've purchased their first -RRB- . Best songs : Temptation Waits - Seductive.I think I 'm Paranoid - Has a pretty dark vibe to it.When I grow up - Being a teenager I really relate to the lyrics.Medication - It does for this album what `` Queer '' did for their first.Special - Catchy.Push it - Interesting lyrics .
 Those of you who found yourselves mysteriously drawn to the dark sexuality of Garbage 's debut might not get what you expect from their follow-up -- at least at first . But a closer listen reveals that VERSION 2.0 is actually much closer to the true Garbage sound . The reason
 This cd is a really good second cd following Garbage 's first cd , although I liked the first one better . This cd is more pop but the first one was more rock . Temptation Waits is a really great song ... one of my favorites on the cd . I Think I 'm Paraniod is a rock song ... also a favorite . When I Grow Up is popish but I like the very beginning . Medication is kind of depressing but it 's a good song anyway . Special is a pretty song but also a bit pop . Hammering in my Head is probably my least favorite but becuase it 's not a pop song ... it just is n't my favorite . Push It is an all around great song . The Trink is to Keep Breathing reminds me of Medication
 Who in their right mind does n't like Garbage ? I think they have real talent . I actually got this one before their debut , but I like this one better . The first one was darker and kind of overproduced . -LRB- If that makes any sense . -RRB- The first one had some real gems on it -LRB- Supervixen , Queer , Only Happy When it Rains , Vow , Stroke of Luck , Stupid Girl , and Milk , in which Shirley 's voice shines . -RRB- As Heaven as Wide is a song whose music I did n't really care for , but the lyrics blew me away . And the way Shirley delivers them ... ouch . But I can listen to this CD and not skip a track -LRB- except Hammering in my Head , which gets annoying if you 're not in the mood to hear it . -RRB- ... ... ... ... ... ... . The lyrics are actually very sweet , yet sultry , but not in a corny way . Few artists are able to make a very sweet song and pull it off without sounding corny . Another example of this is Stand Inside Your Love by Smashing Pumpkins . I think that is an extremely sweet song too , and not corny.If you do n't listen to this album , you 're missing out . This album is not garbage ... but Garbage at it 's best .
 Garbage is just wierd , I do n't understand how every song on the cd can be this great . I think maybe it 's because they recycle old songs and turn them into new and sometimes even BETTER songs , there loops is what facinate me the most , And shirley manson is of course my favorite singer , her voice is so deep , yet she can do anything with it . The cd goes through all ranges . . from electronica , to punkish rock , to pop , to ballad , and of course ROCK . they even have a kind of countryish song near the end but . . well actually its just the intro to that song . The lyrics are great too . Nothing stupid here . . they also really know how to make songs about love seem a lot less sluggish , because there lyrics are so universal that every song can be what you want it to be . TEMPTATION WAITS
 I do n't normally go for the acidic tripe that passes for ' 90 's depth - -LRB- it is usually pretentious beyond belief and substitutes neoluddite anti-establishment drivel for substance -RRB- , but I caught Garbage 's `` World is Not Enough '' and took a chance on this CD.Garbage pulls off a neat trick - inserting nihlist , cynical lyrics into an energetic , but not quite dance-club format . While I shudder to think that there are real human beings that may encounter Ms. Manson , the naive elegance she brings to her music is priceless.Sum total
 AIGHT ... first off , this album is very good . . one of the best i 've heard . . Variety is a key element for this album . . every song is very different . . they combine rock pop dance and somethin else i dont know the name of ... anyway after you listen to this cd once . . listen again . . and you ' l keep listening to it . . I listen to it every day . . SHIRLEY 's voice is so nice . . and those other guys in the band are unbelievable . . the twangy giutars and effects really gets ya goin . . if u wan na rock . . buy this album . . every song is very good ... for the first time in my life . . i never have to skip any songs when listening . . thats how spankin good they are . . GREAT dance music . . combines stuff from KING CRIMSON , lil bit of IZZ , the CARDIGANS , and thoer own style . . which is nasty . . HAVE FUN > > BUY IT ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ^
 Well , I did n't think it could happen , but , somehow Garbage managed to outdo themselves ! Their first CD was fabulous , and their second CD is just as fabulous , maybe even more so ! I knew Shirley Manson had a superior voice but I did n't know just how great it really was until I head this album . Go ahead , try to sing the songs the way she does and you 'll see what I 'm talking about . She 's great ! There 's not one thing negative I can say about this album . It 's fantastic !
 This is one of the best cd 's i have ever heard -LRB- second to garbage 's 1st album ` garbage ' -RRB- . When I finished hearing it the 1st time i was so thrilled that i could n't move . One thing is for definit
 Garbage continues in the tradition of their debut on Version 2.0 . They never really break new ground , but at the same time , really do n't need to . Their brilliant formula of avant-pop rock with dancefloor beats works all the way without sounding recycled or stale . Shirley 's voice polishes the assault of instantaneously addictive riffs , both even sharper than they were on their self-titled debut . After bingeing in the dark , Garbage contrasts with flickers of light on Version 2.0 , without losing their intensity or our attention . A fantastic follow-up to a wonderful debut . Best Tracks
 Definitely my favorite band . We saw 4 hits come off this album , and I ca n't believe they did n't release any more .
 My god , it 's wonderful . So many styles , such great lyrics ! It 's a must for every garbage fan/music lover/human being . If you have n't heard it yet , it 's about time ! I love it ! The band is great and the album is magnificent . If I could give more than 5 stars , I would . Really !
 Garbage 's New CD 2.0 is great . It is much more creative than the first one and has a much stronger beat and a better rythym . The lyrics are original and creative and this is a fabulous CD . Listen for songs Push It and I Think I 'm Paranoid .
 Another collection of the hypnotic Shirley Manson tunes . This album is equally entrancing and rocking . I did n't think they could top there 1st cd but they clearly are exceptional musicians . If your a Shirley Manson fan -LRB- lover -RRB- , you 've got to get Version 2.0 . She will take you away ... -LRB- again -RRB- .
 Shirley and the rest of Garbage have opted for more of a layered sound on Version 2.0 than on their previous CD . This is evident by the over 30 `` musical loops '' on the PUSH IT track . Overall , veteran Garbage fans will not be disappointed . However , Version 2.0 is sure to pick-up more fans with its homogenous mix of synthic sounds with genuine instruments and Shirley 's sexy and mesmerizing vocals .
 I bought this cd initialey by mistake . I was in a hurry and missed the cd i wanted right next to it . It must have been God 's hand directing me to this stunning album . I had only heard the band on the radio and by the time song one was over i was hooked . I sat there and let Shirley Manson 's rich voice enthrall me through the rest of the cd . I went out immeadiately and found their first cd , which was just as good , but in a different way . That is what makes this a great band -LRB- among other things -RRB- . THe ability to reinvent without loosing the soul/sound of the music.Two great albums . I can only hope that they grace us all with many more .
 Version 2.0 get it !! Its worth listening to ! `` Push it '' have lyrics which only Garbage could pull off ... I swear ! :-RRB- `` I think I 'm paranoid ... '' great song ! Great album , great band .
 Garbage is one of the few bands leading the way . With Shirley Manson and her sultry vocals and her masochist persona she propelled the production trio of Butch Vig , Steve Marker , and Duke Erickson out of the studio and into the spotlight as a band called Garbage . With their production savvy , Shirley 's great lyrics and her own special contribution to their style of music they have become one of the best pop bands to ever grace the masses . With Version 2.0 , they finish what they started with their first album
 They 've done it again . You can not help but like this album , the more you listen to it the more you are n't able to stop . It has everything from in-yer-face rock anthems to subtle tracks , but the way it mixes together seamlessly is what makes Garbage so special .
 This album is the best ablum of 90 's . Butch Vig , he did great job on this . He is a best album producer and engineer . He is OWESOME . TWO BIG BIG BIG VIG Thumbs up !! 100 stars !!!
 Garbage was my favorite band before I bougtht this cd , but I was not disapointed by this one . I got it the day it came out , and I love it . . -LRB- no , i 'm not biased ! hehe -RRB- There are so many layers to the songs ; you hear a new loop or sample or little noise each time you listen to the album . Best of all , Garbage carries out their sound even better live , so if you like the cd , you 'll love them live . Highly recommended .
 I recently bought Garbage version 2.0 . It is by far my favorite CD . It includes some of there best songs in cluding Push it , I think I 'm Paranoid , Temptation Waits , and When I grow up . If you Liked there original CD , You Will love this one !!!!!!!!!
 This is definetly a must for anyone who knows what good music is . Version 2.0 combines electronica with rock to form an album that can be listened to over and over without getting old . Shirley Manson is in top form on the follow-up to another great album , Garbage . I would give this album 100 stars if I was allowed .
 I think that garbage did a pretty darn good job on their 2nd c.d. i love push it . but my favorite song is probably i think i 'm paranoid . it has a killer beat . all of the songs are good , though . this is one c.d. that you can put on and listen to without having to skip around.garbage knows how to make a great c.d.
 this cd is great . it was more power electronica than `` garbage '' -LRB- esp . `` hammering in my head '' and `` when i grow up '' -RRB- at the same time it makes you love shirley and comp . again . she may be mild mannered in real life ... but you would n't know it from the music . a must buy if you 're feeling like a sexy-glam girl .
 This album is an unexpected hit from the world of aternative music . A band that was overlooked by most now have an album that any Alice in Chains , Nirvana , or Smashing Pumpins fan should not leave on the shelf . Such , direct and bold songs as `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' , `` Pust It '' , and `` When I Grow Up '' hold a certain power of Guitar and Keyboard combined , and the results are explosive !
 to listen to this cd you have got to pay attention . the different levels of sound and texture blew me away . everytime i listen to this cd i hear something new in every song . all ziggy stardust fans and fans of other alternative music and electronica have got to get this . this supposedly SCI FI pop sure does ROCK !!
 to listen to this cd you have got to pay attention . the different levels of sound and texture blew me away . everytime i listen to this cd i hear something new in every song . all ziggy stardust fans and fans of other alternative music and electronica have got to get this . this supposedly SCI FI pop sure does ROCK !!
 Ok , their first CD was great , with haunting melodies good enough to listen to repeatedly . The new CD from this fresh alternative band far surpasses their self-titled album with a new attitude and sense of music . If they keep moving in this direction in the sense of quality , I can not wait for the next CD from this wonderful group . ~ Rob
 With version 2.0 Grabage tries to relive the newness of the first album by upping the techno and yet they fall into a very pop like atmosphere in a series of their songs . But as always the are at the head of the pack .
 NOTES
 I 've listened to alot of music over the years , -LRB- that is once I was allowed to . -RRB- and have found that more times than not , a groups second album just does n't come to par with their first . When I bought Garbage 's self-titled album in '96 -LRB- other than being blown away by the shear amazingness of the album -RRB- i started to think `` Can they do it again , will they do it again ? `` and for awhile there was but the one album.Then one day in the spring of ' 98 , I was at home watching MTV -LRB- as i got older i was pretty much allowed to watch -RRB- and here comes a premiere video from Garbage ; called `` Push It '' . I totally went berserk , running through the house screaming ! Once i sat down to watch , i was once again blown away by the sound resonating into my ears , and i knew that their second album would be just as good as their first . Little did i know it would end up being better.When `` Version 2.0 '' came out in the fall of ' 98 , i was one of the first to get it . -LRB- I worked at a music store , and bought a copy when we closed -RRB- As i drove home , i was drenched in a morbid , heavy metal , glam rock , techno world . The songs on the album were once again sensative to my inbreed feeling as a teen . As each song played i once again found myself crying . They had done it again . And after getting home and comparing it to their first ; i decided that it was better.With the sexually obsessed song `` Temptation Waits '' , then the paranoid delusioness of `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' these songs hit close to home . Dealing with other issues that i was going through . Finding a place for myself in society -LRB- When I Grow Up -RRB- , Feeling like killing yourself -LRB- Medication -RRB- to being an overactive sexual being -LRB- Sleep Together -RRB- all these songs became very special to me . But after listening to the entire album , i found myself drawn to the immense sound and morbid feeling in my favorite song `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' . As a pop album , `` Version 2.0 '' does n't fair well , but it 's not a pop album . This is glam rock ; industrial rock at it 's very best.Different , and better than it 's predecessor ; `` Version 2.0 '' is the quanticential Garbage album .
 I 've been putting off reviewing this album for quite some time , but I think it 's about time that I gave it the justice that it deserves . To put it simply , this is one of the most appealing albums I have ever heard , and it is my personal favourite Garbage album . In `` Version 2.0 '' , Shirley and the boys have moved from their dark and sometimes depressing melodies to fun disco beats and electronic samples . Not that their old quality has gone ; there 's no mistaking Garbage when you hear them.What can I say ? Despite being released way back in 1998 , this album still sounds fresh by today 's standards . On the first hearing , listeners are confronted with a highly polished , pop/techno/rock album . However , after several more spins the music 's complexity and multitude of layers are revealed . If I recall correctly , Butch said in an interview that they used over 100 tracks while recording `` Push It '' . Once again , I am unable to pick a standout track , as each of the different songs flow seamlessly together : Temptation Waits - This shimmering , techno number makes a perfect introduction to the album.I think I 'm Paranoid - This song has everything that you know and love about Garbage
 Having recieved my first Garbage album from a friend , I fell in love with an album who 's name evaded me as did the formal song titles . I did some research to find out that I had been passed on Version 2.0 , Garbage 's wildly electric and delectably addictive second album . Shirley Manson 's sultry vocals joined with the heart pumping rock-techno-dance fusion make this a must have CD . A well-rounded and commendable second album , Version 2.0 harbors a wide range of edgy styles , from the upbeat , catchy Temptation Waits , Special and When I Grow Up , which give us a more pop look at the album , we also find songs like Hammering In My Head , and Sleep Together which show us a provocative , sexy flash of stylistic gnius on Garbage 's part . The heavy ballad Medication is every angsty teen 's super anthem , and You Look So Fine and The Trick is To Keep Breathing present a sort of yearning feeling . Just what the doctor ordered , I say . Garbage 's Version 2.0 has it all .
 I have been a Garbage fan since 1996 when I first heard `` Only Happy When It Rains '' . As wonderful as the debut album was , Garbage really outdid themselves with this one . Garbage are a breath of fresh air in today 's music industry ; setting their own trend and creating their own unique sound . If you 're reading this and have never purchsed a Garbage album , get this ! It 's rock , it 's alternative , it 's techno , it 's happy , it 's sad , it 's angry , it 's AWESOME !!! It includes what I consider to be one of the greatest rock ballads ever , `` You Look So Fine '' . This song literally sends shivers up my spine when I hear it full blast on my stereo ! Other highlights are `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' , `` Push It '' , `` Special '' , `` Medication '' , `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' ... Oh , man , the whole thing rocks ! After you get this one , get the debut album , and then the `` beautifulgarbage '' album , then you 're ready to start hunting down their 30 + b-sides , all of which are very good . Garbage RULES !!!
 I Love Garbage so much.This CD changed my opinion of music forever . This is my all-time favorite CD , and it always will be , it 's spectacular . Shirley Manson has this unique voice , it 's dark , and sexy , and she can write some of the best songs in the world.Here 's what I think of all the songs -LRB- Warning , I will compliment all of them -RRB- 1 . -RRB- `` Temptation Waits '' - My favorite song on this album , I love the lyrics to it `` I 'll tell you something/I am a wolf but I like to wear sheep 's clothing/I am a bonfire/I am a vampire/I 'm waiting for my moment `` 2 . -RRB- `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' - This song is great . It 's got a good beat to it , again , I love the lyrics to it `` Bend me break me anyway you need me as long as I want you baby it 's alright `` 3 . -RRB- `` When I Grow Up '' - This song is the reason I bought the album , I absolutely love this song . Most people refer to it as `` The song from Big Daddy '' . I think it 's one of Garbage 's best .4 . -RRB- `` Medication '' - This song is talking about depression , as does most of Garbage 's songs . But , that 's one of the reasons I love Garbage .5 . -RRB- `` Special '' - Awesome song . When I used to listne to this on the radio , I thought it was Sheryl Crow , which is odd , because Shirley Manson and Sheryl Crow have completley different voices .6 . -RRB- `` Hammering in My Head '' - This song is kind of strange , but still awesome .7 . -RRB- `` Push It '' - I love this song , plain and simple8 . -RRB- `` The Trick is to Keep Breathing '' - I like this song , it 's a good song for someone who is so stressed out , because , it has a message with it .9 . -RRB- `` Dumb '' - I love this song , the lyrics are great `` A masochistic lamb to slaughter/Maybe you missed the point/I 'm feeling small/I 'm climbing the walls/I do n't let it show/Now that you know what you know , I bet you wish you could let it go/You 'll never come sucking your thumb/Better off dumb `` 10 . -RRB- `` Sleep Together '' - Good song , it 's not spectular , but it 's still great .11 . -RRB- `` Wicked Ways '' - I think Shirley is trying to tell us she 's evil . `` Bring your pictures of the Pope/Pray to God for love and hope/Bring the Virgin home for luck/Bolt the door to keep it shut '' awesome12 . -RRB- `` You Look So Fine '' - A great song for anyone who 's ever been in love , or thought someone was so attractive.Anyways ... Please buy this album , it 's excellentDO NOT buy BeautifulGarbage if you 've never heard Garbage before , you 'll get a different perspective on Garbage then you should , they are n't pop !
 Garbage is one of my favorite bands . I was first introduced to them with their top 40 hit `` Stupid Girl '' . I think Version 2.0 is their best album to date . I like dance music with a hard edge and that 's what they do best . My favorite track is `` Push It '' . That song blew me away when I first heard it in the clubs . Shirley Manson does a great job with the vocals and I love the guitar riffs . In the same vein , I also like `` Temptation Waits '' , `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' and `` Hammering In My Head '' . This album also contains the big hit `` Special '' . This album has a very polished sound . The production and engineering was first-rate . I ca n't believe what they 've achieved with only their second album . I hope there are many more to come .
 I 've had this album for quite a while now , and I listened to it again a few days ago , and I got to say that this album is just as excellent each time I listen to it . It 's a far cry from Shirley Manson 's ` Angelfish ' days ! This album is my favorite of Garbage 's and the music and singing explains why ; it 's excellent . All the songs are very tight , much more so than in the ` Garbage ' album ; the songs on that album were `` loose '' , if I may say so , compared to those on ` Version 2.0 ' . The first album is great too , but this one is much better . Many of the songs you can really mosh to , like ` Temptation Waits ' and ' I Think I 'm Paranoid ' . Even with ` Special ' you can mosh a little bit . Garbage has a great alternative style to them with eerie sounding instrumentals and a nice female voice courtesy of Shirley Manson . By the way , if you like Tori Amos , you probably will like Garbage , especially with this album , because Tori and Shirley have somewhat , although VERY somewhat , similar sounding voices . Enjoy !
 Great album . Always was , always will be , one of my favorites . Went looking for a guitar tab book on Amazon . Found one that said it had 542 reviews for it . Opened a review ; not about the book , about the album . Opened another , and another , and another , you get the picture . Nice going Amazon .
 I initially bought this ablum after hearing the singles -LRB- Special and When I Grow Up -RRB- This was before MP3s players , so you had to listen to the whole CD . After a few listens I was glad , because I enjoyed the other tracks more than the singles . -LRB- Medication , Hammering In My Head , Wicked Ways , ... -RRB- I feel that the lyrics can be a little weak at times , but that is easy to live with everything else these tracks have . I really ca n't think of anything else I do n't like . Garbage began as a studio band . The production is so good that you would be foolish to settle for MP3s of these tracks . It 's hard fo me to pick a favorite Garbage album , but I will replace this one if anything ever happens to it , probably on the same day .
 This album should have gotten all the awards for `` Best Album of ' 98 '' . I was hooked once I heard `` Special '' , till I found out about `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' , till I found out about `` Temptation Waits '' , etc , etc. . I love the whole CD.In fact , because of this CD , I bought their self-titled debut without hearing any songs from it -LRB- and that one rocked also ! -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and check out Garbage . NOW
 Garbage is here again !!!! This cd is -LRB- little -RRB- better than the first and is worth buying . This cd is little old but I listen to it as I listen to newer cds . It is one of my best cds .
 i saw garbage live two nights ago in Perth supporting Alanis Morissette and they were even better live than on CD ... i havent actually bought this one yet ... . erm . . but i 'm going to ! yeeeeooo0rrrr
 This just has to be one of the albums of all time . Most bands are hard pressed to improve on their sound in a follow-up album to their debut and Garbage are successful here , they just do what they have always done and theyve given an extra edge to it . I had expected this CD to bring the band a step up from where they started but it helped them leap over a flight of stairs . It was my fave album of 1998 and it has everything you need in it . When I Grow Up is easily the best song but all of the others are great too - now how many times do you get to say that about a CD ?
 this is an incredible cd . i love all the songs . . cept one . for some reason i dont really like hammering in my head . my favorite is special and wicked ways .
 Upon first purchasing Version 2.0 quite a while ago , I was expecting a lot . Boy , was I shocked ! It gave me much more than I had even expected . Most CDs I have bought have had at least one song which I did n't care for . Version 2.0 , on the other hand , gave me such a fresh break from typical music and reality that I did n't take it out of my CD player for months ! -LRB- it 's been changed with the other Garbage CD , but it 's still in there now -RRB- . Overall , I think that Version 2.0 is a fantastic break from the ordinary and I congratulate them .
 I bought this cd the first day it came out and have n't removed it from my cd player yet ! Over a year after the release ! The 12 excellent songs on this cd never get old , no matter how many times you listen to them . Shirley Manson is one of the best , if not THE BEST , artists out there today . As far as it being one of the best albums ever i agree ! Its right up there with my other favorites
 Therefore well you can not insert it into the words ! I thought that the first good album governs however this ! I legend not that only the first album does not govern Naturally it ! I am totally on the right that a lot of the first album of the others is better . But Shirley and the troop execute it and investigate the new horizons . The Song '' the Tink is '' paranoid and '' the impact '' is amazing for it and has a strong impact . The track '' sleep with me '' is cooled down away simply normal ! Since I try , it up-gets is that each Song on this C.d. !!! is large ! To it must !!!!!!!!!!!!! buy .
 The Version 2.0 CD is the most amazing CD that I have heard in years ! It is very rare to get a CD and love every single song on it . If you liked Garbage 's first CD , you 'll LOVE Version 2.0 . I have never been dissapointed in any of their songs and Shirley Manson 's voice give 's the music a whole new meaning ! Garbage is in a class of their own !
 This is better than the pink album -LRB- which was awesome -RRB- Shirley has risen above the depressed and angst-ridden personality , and portrays a sexy & strong individual . Women who listen to this CD will love it for its down to earth lyrics and glass shattering sound effects , as well as the reinforcement of female strength , and amusing jab at the male ego . The only song my husband does n't like is `` Wicked Ways '' which is a little too rock n roll for him .
 It sounds right , is the best way to say this . Sometimes an album just clicks , tracks in order , everything moving smoothly together . Such is the sound of VERSION 2.0 , a big , liquid album with a song for every mood . Here is a group that enjoys playing together -- see them in concert ; they have a good time -- and they spend the album playing with us , doing bleak , doing frantic , doing downright catty . Showing off ? They have a right to . This is very good stuff .
 garbage is one of the top bands around right now . This cd 's got so many good songs on it , everyone should have it . Their new hit `` when I grow up '' is the best .
 Each of the songs on Garbage 's sophmore album provides an insight into life and gives each person the opportunity to make the lyrics mean something , as if the band `` thought you were special '' and `` thought you should know . '' The pumping beats and techno jive of the songs appeal to the teeny-boppers , but the album should mostly call out to those who take a deeper meaning into songs . I recommend this album and their debut album to anyone with a thirst for self-resolution because just listening to one song on the album , you will most definately get a personal meaning from it . All of the songs are written as to appeal to everyone and mean something to everyone . Overall , a great album ! Go buy it now ! = -RRB-
 Version 2.0 does n't quite match up to Garbage 's first album . Especially if you 're a fan of their debut , Version 2.0 might seem awkward and wobbly at first , but it gains its own two legs after you get used to its even richer production and engineering -LRB- courtesy Butch Vig of course -RRB- . The songs do n't seem as angry as the first album , but some still retain the trademark Shirley Manson guturral depth . As always , Garbage refrains from going too deep to lose their wide and popular audience but here you start to get an idea that the abstract lack of depth and repetition in the lyrics is purposeful . In fact , on Version 2.0 , Shirley Manson 's voice blends with some of the dreamier supporting music to seem almost surreal -LRB- in Medication and Sleep Together for instance -RRB- , but not quite , for Version 2.0 always retains the pop necessities that enable Garbage to remain so accessible .
 kind of like hole , and kind of like sheryl crow , but personally i like garbage much better . If u buy the version 2.0 cd , make sure u listen to `` the trick is to keep breathing '' . Garbage is a one of a kind band , they have a way with expressing a story with their music . Sooo ... make sure u check out the version 2.0 cd , and the the soundtrack to `` BIG DADDY ''
 This is the best C.D. on earth !! I listen to it all the time . I like this one better than their self titled because it 's got more techno in it , so you can really dance to it . Also , it 's a little more upbeat than their last one . There 's more of a variety in the music . It goes from soft -LRB- 8 & 12 -RRB- , to cowboy -LRB- 11 -RRB- , to payback -LRB- 5 -RRB- , to angry -LRB- 7 -RRB- , to head pounding techno -LRB- 6 & 9 -RRB- . Every track is a good one , and there 's some meaningfull lyrics as well . Do yourself a tremendous favor and BUY THIS C.D. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I usually buy a cd and only like one or two songs on it but I loved almoxt every song on it ! I bought it early this year and it 's still my favrite most listened to cd !
 I 'll keep this short . Every song on 2.0 is good and most of them border on great or better . Its an album you can listen to from start to finish and not have to skip past filler . My only complaint is that the lyrics , after a while , are a bit unfulfilling . They are always interesting , but once in a while its like `` Say something meaningfull ! '' . Not that the songs are devoid of meaning , but its nice to hear a storyline or at least a continuation of the same thought throughout the song . This is especially apparent on `` When I Grow Up '' . Anyhow , this is still a great album and I 'm very thankfull that Garbage made it . By the way , Shirley is wonderfull and essential , but your confused if you dont think that its the whole band that makes it work . Shirley and the rest of them couldnt do what they do without each other .
 For all of you out there that need a reality check LISTEN UP ! If you liked Garbage in the beginning you like Garbage now , no matter what . The only difference between the two albums is a little bit of electronics and that the album , not every track , is more upbeat than the last . Garbage Rocks now , more than they ever have , and just because you are stuck in the past doesnt mean they are . They have a style of music unheard and all their own and if you arent happy with uniqueness and originality then go back to the basics hunny because Garbage isnt the band you are looking for . If you are even somewhat of true garbage fan Like myself , you like Version 2.0 Just as much , if not better than , Their debut album . With the sight for sore eyes Shirley Manson heading the three other talented gentlemen in the band Garbage is a 5 star band no matter what they choose to do . Believe me , Butch Vig and Duke Erikson do contribute their fair share to the band , But without Shirley they would be another mere band in the sea of rock and roll . Believe me they have tried before and the production is a band you probably dont even know the name of . But every single member in the band Rocks out in there own way in this album of sassiness mixed with sorrow ! Just because they used a couple of words from someone elses song -LRB- which who has n't -RRB- doesnt mean they stole someone elses style . Look out everyone else , Here comes Garbage ! And their brilliant sophmore must have album Version 2.0 ! Buy It or Be Sorry !
 before buying this album , i 'd only heard `` stupidgirl '' which if i heard too much was annoying ... but after hearing `` special '' i was destined to buy this album ... in my opinion , `` special '' , `` you look so fine '' , `` when i grow up '' , and `` sleep together '' are the best songs ... you have to listen to every word shirley manson says to get the most enjoyment out of it ... if you like vindictive and revenge type songs , this ablum is it ... only few cd 's can i listen to without skipping , and this is one of them ... the duo of her voice and the music are incredible and perfectly combined ... GET THIS ALBUM AND FIND OUT !!!
 This album hails a couple of the best singles that defy the generic pop world
 This group has become my favorite . The music just rocks and Shirley and the boys are just fantastic . I love every song on this album and that is a rarity for me . I do n't always agree with what Shirley has said off the stage but their music is great .
 It takes no genius to come up with an incredible record , especially when you have so many songs that just BLOW YOUR MIND ! Garbage released their first album titled , Garbage , which had many hit singles including , Only Happy When It Rains , Stupid Girl , and Queer . Version 2.0 , however , just rocks . With more loops , dance rhythms , and a hint of electronica , this proves to be a deadly combo . It 's probably their best album yet , with stunning singles like , Push It , I Think I 'm Paranoid and Special . Their up-coming single is When I Grow Up , which basically talks about growing up . There 's no question that GARBAGE fans will love this album , not only because of the excellent songs , but also the very INTERESTING VIDEOS ! This is a MUST-HAVE record , which will drive you nuts !
 Admit it , the album is terrific . However , some songs are better left out . Why on Earth would Ms. Manson and Co. put Hammering in my head and Wicked Ways on this album ? Once the album flows soft and dark , there is no need to mix it with the second-hand material . Helas , I skip certain tracks over and over and over again .
 Garbage 's Version 2.0 is the best Cd I own , next to their fist album ! My favorite song is `` I think I 'm paranoid '' . There is such a diversity of sound on this record that there 's something for everyone . From the slow , mushy sounds of `` You Look So Fine '' to the hard-hitting tecno of `` Hammering In My Head '' , you ca n't go wrong !! -LRB- :
 I love this CD my fav song is Special it is the best song !!!! I cant believe the price either on Amazon it is so chesp if your gon na bye this CD bye it here !!!!
 It usally takes me several playings of a CD to really get hooked , but in this case I borrowed the CD and was blown away during the first listening . I had previously only heard a couple singles from the first Garbage album , but never paid much attention to them . Now I have just about everything they 've done -LRB- they have quite a few tracks on singles only -RRB- . Version 2.0 is there best effort so far.To be honest , lyrics are n't their strong point . But Shirley Manson 's style is perfect with the Band 's unique sound .
 i think the songs paranoid , special , push it , and wicked ways were overall the good best songs that have ever been put out by garbage . the rest were n't anything special , but they were good none the less .
 When I read professional music critics ' reviews about Version 2.0 , I read these super technical descriptions and criticisms of the album which honestly , is a waste of time . Why do n't they say the truth without further hassle ? This album is excellent from the first track to the last . For even those who are n't familiar with Garbage or their first album but just want to rock , this is a great choice . It 's excellent -- EXCELLENT !
 I LOVE THIS CD . THERE IS NOT ONE BAD SONG ON IT . IF YOU DONT HAVE IT YOU MUST GET IT !
 I love the first album and I love this album . They both rule because it 's made by Garbage !
 I did n't think much of Garbage after listening to their 1st CD a couple of times . Then , I went to a Smashing Pumpkin 's concert . Garbage was their opening act . Seeing them live sold me on their talent . I then bought their first CD and was hooked . I listened to it repeatedly . The second CD is just as compelling If you like Smashing Pumpkins and Hole , you wo n't go wrong by getting Garbage 's CDs .
 This is my first `` Garbage '' cd , now I may have to buy the older one because this one is so cool ! I love I Think I 'm Paranoid . Every song on this disc is great !!
 Being 46 , in the theatre/concert business and sorely jaded , finding very little of interest or originality in the current scene , I was literally riveted to the screen by this band 's appearance on Letterman 's show a few weeks ago . Tight as nails , tremendously powerful , a lead singer with pipes , dark avenging attitude , calm control and smoldering sensuality , she did n't overdue the posturing -LRB- as in guilty of flaunting it without having it , which is the case with most lead singers -RRB- ... I went out the next morning -LRB- which I 've never done , I do n't think , you 're supposed to buy music at night -RRB- and bought this cd . I was completely satisfied , it made my socks roll up and down . Brilliant stuff . There is hope . `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' at full volume is an astonishing experience . One of the few acts that delivers ferocity and fever through the ice cold technology of today . Great stuff .
 I just ca n't get enough of this band . I love Shirley Manson 's singing more than words can say . This album is brighter and more upbeat than the first . Both have taken up permanent residence in my CD changer .
 Push It - makes the listener wonder what the heck she 's talking about.Special-Interesting song about liking but now hating.Hammering in my Head-A fast techno song.There 's not one bad song on this album and I would tell about other songs but ... Anyways you cant go wrong !
 Does anyone realize how difficult it is to make a good sophomoric album , especially after a mindnumbingly-wonderful debut ? The new songs are smart and full of great minor chord sounds and changes . `` Medication '' is sweet-macabre good . The radio releases of `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' and `` Push It '' are powerful . I think Garbage has grown up a bit in songwriting and musical arrangement with this album , and I ca n't wait for 3.0 !
 This is the group that got me interested in Electronica music . Their futuristic blend of instruments is a must listen .
 This album can get Shirley Mason 's voice hammering in your head ! This is one of the best albums I have . It is perfect ! Buy both of their albums today . You wo n't regret it .
 When I first heard of Garbage , I thought it was something really stupid . Then I decided to hear one of its songs just to know what they sound like . I was blown away . Every single track on this CD is awesoome , I can listen to it foever . GARBAGE ROCKS
 Garbage have created a sonic tapestry embedded with musical connotations of the past -LRB- Pretenders , Beach Boys -RRB- , present -LRB- alternative rock -RRB- and the future -LRB- electronica -RRB- . Like songstress Shirley Manson said herself , `` we take elements from hip-hop and mix it with rock and techno , to create this , pop . . mongrel '' . The end result is a lush , full sounding record . Each song is intricately layered with what seems like millions of sounds and samples , and when it works , -LRB- which occurs on every song -RRB- , it really works . Do n't call this garbage trash.garbage nominations
 This is the best cd I have heard ye
 this is probably one of or the best CD in the 90 's . Everytime you listen to it you hear something new . Their old one was good and this one was great . Buy it , listen to it , love it , become addicted to it .
 I love this cd . I have the old one and they both are very good cds . Shirley Manson is amazing and is pretty too .
 this album ROCKS !!! I just saw them in concert with Alanis tonight and they were great ! This album is very nicely put together and very intricate with details . Every song is quality and I highly reccomend buying it .
 Version 2.0 is a GREAT CD . It 's one of those rare CD 's where almost every single song is incredible . It is high energy power driving music that instantly puts me in a good mood and makes me want to thrive !
 Not good like the firs
 Garbage rules so much , it 's impossible to describe in words . Every single CD of the four I have of theirs -LRB- Garbage , Version 2.0 , Special , and Only Happy When it Rains -RRB- is to the point where I like every single song they 've ever had . EVERY SINGLE ONE . There are over twenty-five so far , and still much more to come , I 'm sure . I do n't need to use the playlist function on my CD players -- I can listen to each . Besides Version 2.0 , buy every other one they have out ! `` I think I 'm Paranoid '' , `` Only Happy When it Rains '' , `` Stupid Girl '' , and `` 13x Forever '' -LRB- `` 13x Forever '' is only on the `` Special '' Single import from Britain -RRB- are in my opinion Garbage 's best songs . You have to hear them . GUFFYPUP 'S APPROVAL RATING -LRB- 1-10 -RRB-
 I like the lirycks.The music is great.Even they are pop they know what they are doing . They should come again to Mexico .
 `` Version 2.0 '' is appropriately named -- it does the same job as the previous release , but it does it a little better , with a few more features . For even casual fans of their debut album this one is -LRB- at risk of beating a metaphor to death -RRB- a must-have upgrade.Those who lean toward Natalie Imbruglia or Meredith Brooks should pick this one up if only to have a perfect example of how to pull off what they fall just short of . Garbage whips up a unique alternative blend of electronica and grunge , while at the same time not being afraid of good pop hooks that are catchy without being hackneyed . And of course Butch Vig and company once again pepper each track with enough sonic surprises to make close listening a sort of audio `` Where 's Waldo '' .
 There is only like one or two songs on this cd that are not good . But the rest are great songs . Like 3 or 4 of these songs already made it to the radio . Usually when you buy a cd you expect one or two songs to be good but this album is not that !
 Listen folks , you want a GREAT CD ! Garbage is version 2.0 is IT ! This is one of thje BEST CDs I have purchased in a long time and my very 1st from AMAZON ! What a great price and service ! I work for a company involved in the design and creation of home and commercial theater , etc. . I took this CD in the day I received it and let me tell you , what a demo ! We were all ready to party ! 500 QUALITY watts , 2 SUBS ,5 Channels ! Thought we would crack the cement floor ! I have never purchased a CD like this with such cool tunes on ALL TRACKS . Keep on a rockin Garbage ! RKNM -LRB- Rockenem -RRB- in Portage WIsconsin !
 This CD is awesome . Every track is excellent and the music is very versatile . In one song for example , the melody goes from a simple acoustic guitar chord to a prodigy type euro-techno beat . Now that 's just amazing ! And then there 's Sherley . She keeps it all together and delivers a phenominal performance . Two thumbs up , Way up !!!
 This is one of the best albums I have ever listened to . You can play the whole cd all the way through and enjoy all of the songs . I commned the band on their talents and ca n't wait for the next one .
 Vig rules !! Version 2.0 comes with sharp lyrics , wild tunes , and the perhaps the best female vocalist to hit the rock scene in the past 10 years .
 If my CD player had human-like qualities , it would either eat this CD because it is so good or get sick from it because I play it so much . For a month straight it was my favorite CD . . until I let my friend borrow it . Which was a very hard thing to do . And now that I think about it , I want it back.Garbage is a very talented band ... and this CD rocks when playing it in the car full-blast . And do n't forget to roll down the windows and sing at the top of your lungs . : -RRB-
 I love this cd . I think more people should listen and buy it . If I could choose any cd for free I think that this would be the one . Another thing that I like about it is that the girl who sings most of the songs is Irish . Once you hear you never want to turn them off . Buy this cd and i garantee that you will go home happy !!!!!
 Almost every single song on this excellent album is worth 5 stars by itself ! There is only about one song that totally does my head in as it is really repetitive , but do n't let that put you off !! My personal favourite on the album is ` When I Grow Up '
 THIS IS THE BEST ALBUM THAT I HAVE EVER HEARD . YOU CAN LISTEN TO THIS CD FROM TOP TO BOTTOM . EVERY SONG IS WORTH LISTENING TO . WITH A GRAMMY NOMINATION FOR BEST ALBUM OF THE YEAR , THIS CD IS DEFINETLY WORTH GETTTING .
 I think that the music of Garbage is great and it is truly better than any other album from a female I heard . This album deserves a million stars !!!
 Garbage returned in '98 with their excellent sophmore album . VERSION 2.0 is so slick , you 'll slip on it . Shirley Manson -LSB- lead vocals and songwriter -RSB- vamps every song for all it 's worth . She 's slick , sly , and clever in every delivery . VERSION 2.0 is groove heavy with more electroica than their debut back in ' 95 . Garbage became more of a pop band with this album . The hooks and melodies are awesome . Each track is seemless , timeless , pop mixed with rock and electronic influences . VERSION 2.0 is an improvement from their debut . Shirley 's voicals are exellent . It 's sexy and it goes very well with this awesome album .
 I had gotten this album before I had bought their self-titled album . Today , it 's still one of my favorites , showing the band 's best side ; a finely-polished electronica-alternative hybrid that is both irrisistably catchy and masterfully written . `` Version 2.0 '' could n't fail with songs like `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' and `` Wicked Ways '' . Although I have to say now that `` You Look So Fine '' is suspiciously similar to `` Milk '' on their self-titled album . If you liked songs like `` Stupid Girl '' -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- and `` Only Happy When It Rains '' , then you should have no problem investing a little bit of your savings into this CD .
 When you decide to purchase this album , you will not be displeased . If you enjoy rock , alt. , pop , new age , dance , or ska , then this is the band for you . Every song on this album is a masterpiece of modern-day song writing . Lead singer , Shirley Manson ... , what can I say ? She is an absolute wonder.This album is much more bright and clean sounding than the previous self titled album . But , it is also much less `` dark '' than the first . Just buy the album now , you will not be dissapointed .
 I first heard Garbage on the soundtrack for `` The World is Not Enough '' , singing the title track . I thought it was a great tune but I was n't sure what the album would be like . Then I heard `` I 'm Only Happy When It Rains '' from their first album , it 's the theme song for `` Crossing Jordan '' . Also cool and I felt a stronger curiousity . Then I read something to the effect that the group formed in Madison , WI , where I currently live . I like to pick up a group 's sophmore album to hear a more polished sound , so I bought Version 2.0 . The tracks are all great , nice lush sound , interesting melodies , and Shirley Manson 's throaty vocals . Plus the album rocks ! Definitely a positive energy album that will get your toe tapping , without losing an ethereal , dark edge .
 This is a velocity-charged caphony of a record . I did n't expect to live up to 1995 's `` Garbage '' , but it did . My favorites are `` When I Grow Up '' and `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' . After all these years , Shirley still rocks !
 wow ! this cd has got to be one of my favorites ! this is poppier than their debut , but its a winner ... all the songs could be hit singles ... so buy this noww !
 Shirley Manson has an incredibly sexy voice , and when she 's backed up by awesome techno beats and grinding guitars , Garbage can really make some great music . My favorite tracks are When I Grow Up and Hammering in my Head . After a while , though , the songs can get repetitive , especially towards the end of the cd , but no real harm done . If you want cool guitars with a good beat , you should check out Garbage 's Version 2.0 !!
 This CD is actually not THAT good . I enjoyed a lot of the songs ... mostly the hits that have been on the radio though . I do recommend it though .
 I bought this album in 1998 knowing only one of the songs -- Push It -- the video of which I thought was excellent . After listening to the CD I began to realize that this is one of those rather rare albums that I enjoy listening straight through -LRB- without skipping songs -RRB- ; even when I think about skipping songs I usually ca n't because they 're all so good . The more I listened to it , the more I loved this album . Of the several CDs I bought that year , I think Garbage Version 2.0 is the one I -LRB- still -RRB- listen to the most . So what if -LRB- as another reviewer said -RRB- Garbage 's first album -LRB- which I have more recently bought -RRB- `` rocked '' more . Version 2.0 still rocks , and its sexy , too , in Garbage 's unique way . If you liked their first album , you ca n't go wrong with this one .
 When this album was released , I was unsure whether or not it could match the beauty and brilliance of their debut . Version 2.0 not only met the challenge of matching their debut , it exceeded the challenge.This album still amazes me every time I hear it - and I must have heard it at least 10,000 times ! It did n't leave my CD player the summer or autumn of 1998 . The sound is so warm and inviting , while also being full of shimmery , icy sounds . What 's more , most of the songs better those on the debut . `` Temptation Waits '' opens the album with a crash and a bang . `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' builds dynamically on a crunching guitar riff . `` Special '' blends two Pretenders songs and finds Shirley doing a note perfect impression of Chrissy Hynde . `` Medication '' is a delicate , lilting melody laid overtop of a gorgeous arpeggio . `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' takes Kate Bush 's classic 1985 hit , `` Cloudbusting '' and inverts it into a dreamy landscape of lush synthesizer and chilly vocals . `` You Look So Fine '' is the most beautiful song the band has recorded to date . A haunting piano riff begins and ends the track , leading into Shirley 's most personal lyrics ever ... `` You look so fine/I want to break your heart / A give you mine . '' If any other band got ahold of this lyric , it would melt into a smarmy ballad , but Garbage keep it just scary enough to make you hold your breath while Manson entices you into inviting her inside.What lays instore for Garbage is anyone 's guess . Their third album , `` Beautiful Garbage '' is due late this summer . One can only hope that it will be as consistently thrilling as `` Version 2.0 . '' For my money , Garbage nudges out Radiohead as the best band of the '90s .
 after the fanstatic acclaimed debut album , garbage had a rough second album to make.well , version 2.0 is the perfect second album . More pop-electronic and yet with the same dark obscure feeling the first album had.shirley 's voice is more adaptaded to the songs and they seem to be more a band than they used to . one of garbage 's best caracteristics is that all musics are very good . here you ca n't say that one or two songs are below the average , because they 're all excellent . please listen to this album , that confirms that garbage are one of the best -LRB- or why not , the best ! -RRB- band around !
 It 's good stuff , what can I say . Took me about five listens to get used to , then I really got into it . Manson and Garbage have such a unique sound , and the hooks are so powerful , that this album ca n't help but grow on you if you 're not a previous Garbage acolyte , as I was n't . My friends , this is a great album . I 'm out .
 This is my first garbage CD and I really enjoy it . The words are very powerfull and Shirley Manson 's voice is amazing ! I highly recommend this CD .
 There is no way to express my love for this CD . The songs are dark , deep , and loud , just the way I like them . I originally heard Garbage in ' 98 , but did n't give them a second thought . However , just days ago , I got `` Special '' stuck in my head while listening to my fav alt-rock radio station . I immedietly went to a music store and bought this CD-and have n't been dissapointed at all . My only * minor * complaint is that the lyric page only has about the first four lines of each song-I 'm sure this can be fixed by visiting a fan web page and getting the rest of the lyrics . My personal favorites are `` Sleep Together '' and `` Temptation Waits '' and `` Dumb '' - Hell , all the songs are my favorites . This is the only album I 've ever bought where I can stand to listen to all the songs ! I am beyond pleased with this CD , and you should be too . ~ Nishana
 Garbage is the CD that I 'm always listening to . I love almost every song on the CD . I have to admit , the first time I listened to the whole CD I was n't that impressed , but the more I listened to it the more I loved it .
 I love this CD . I listen to it at least 5 times a day . It 's different form the first CD though . They have a lighter attitude , with songs like `` When I grow up '' and `` Special '' this band knows how to keep you wanting more . If you did n't like the first CD -LRB- You really sould though -RRB- you will feel different about this one .
 With the exception of two or three tracks the first album maintained a beautifully dark , melodic tone . Version 2.0 carries on this theme while at the same time managing to inject a great raw energy into each track giving it an added edge . Prime examples of this are I Think I 'm Paranoid and Hammering In My Head , perhaps with only The Trick Is To Keep Breathing and the haunting You Look So Fine -LRB- my personal fave . -RRB- being exceptions to this . If you found the first album to be a little too morbid -LRB- shame on you -RRB- then you would be wise to give this a chance.Once again the georgous Miss Manson delivers each lyric with perfection while the sounds pumped out by the rest of the band are as stunning as ever.A glorious album from a glorious group ; enjoy !
 When some dull reviewer wrote somewhere in some Yugoslav quasi-intellectual pop-rock magazine that the new Garbage album is n't worth a penny , I was really eager to hear it . And not only to hear it . I bought it immidiately . It is one of the last -LRB- or perhaps , the first ? -RRB- bands that successfully mix the punk influence with pop melodies and some techno sound . Sometimes they sound like a new-wave band , sometimes sing the beautiful ballads -LRB- `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' or `` You Look So Fine '' -RRB- , sometimes they sound angry -LRB- `` I think I 'm Paranoid '' -RRB- , but all the songs that are here get along really well . In spite of all the differences between the songs , the album sounds consistent . Energy , joy , sadness , tenderness , love , hate . What else does anyone want from music ?
 Ok , so it 's an old joke . So shoot me . But the fact remains that Garbage is a great band . I love this album . There is not a single bad song on it , and so even if you 've only heard a couple of their songs before , if you liked them then you 'll like this album . Unfortunately my copy has got damaged somehow , and now Shirley Manson sings When I Grow Up at double speed . It 's amusing , but it ruins the song . What I 'm trying to say , is that this is such a good album that I 'm going to go out and buy a replacement .
 I can honestly say that I would have never even thought of buying `` Version 2.0 '' had it not been for hearing it first while riding with my older sister . I never thought that I could possibly like an Irish woman singing almost mechanically to industrialized , techno-pop . Go figure . Turns out , I adore this album . I think that I love it most of all for Shirley Manson 's unique breathy vocals , but I also appreciate good lyrics and interesting music . Most of the faster songs on this album are gems in themselves for being instant energizers . I literally can not sit still during most of them . But I am partial to the slower tracks just because they are mesmerizing and often a bit creepy . I love that stuff . `` The Trick is to Keep Breathing '' is definitely one of the best , being topped off with the fading of heavy breathing at the end , and I also love the last track `` You Look So Fine '' because of it 's seductive , almost zombie-like sound . But every track needs a good listen because some of the tracks I used to pass up , I now consider my favorites . `` Hammering in My Head '' is a great example of that because I initially was turned off by the sound of it in the beginning , but it turns out that it really becomes a powerful song , and the unexpected , hypnotizing voice of Manson as she breathes `` you should be sleeping , my love ... '' mid-song is fabulous . Maybe it 's just me , though . I do have a tendency towards creepy music .
 Garbage does it again - another masterpiece ! Powerful , disturbing , and beautiful all at once . There 's too much great music on this album for you to pass it up !
 I 've enjoyed this CD so much ! I bought `` Garbage '' and really liked it . Then my friend bought me `` Version 2.0 '' . I 'm really impressed with the instrumentation and the lyrics . I think it flows better than the first CD too.Great music !!!
 I have loved Garbage since 1995 when their first cd , Garbage , had just come out . Shirley Manson is one of my many idols and she , like me , loves Chrissy Hynde . I have always enjoyed alternative and grunge and this is a wonderful mixture of both , as well as having a female lead . Being from Seattle , music has always been a big priority . It was and still is a wonderful thing to see an artist who is independent , talented , and who has writtentheir OWN songs . I recommened this for anyone who had ever liked quality , though loud , great music .
 Actually , the reason for 2.0 to be my favorite is n't because it 's least poppy , but it has more variety and Shirley 's voice , along with Vig 's drumming and the members ' riffs are very intriguing . From the start to finish , it has nothing wrong that I hear . `` Hammering in my Hand '' and `` You Look So Fine '' are the highlights of the album . Actually , this does still have similarities to the debut , but I prefer it more , even though that one had `` milk '' on it and this one did n't . However , I love the band 's music so much , I could n't rate this less than a five , along with the debut . The pop sensibilities are also memorable , with songs like `` Medication '' . If you do n't have this album , you 're no music fan !!! One of the best albums of the '90s , even though I prefer Weezer 's blue album , Gravity Kills 's first album , and a few other modern rock classics . Influenced by grunge , industrial , techno , pop , heaviness , and new wave , you just ca n't go wrong with Garbage . ` Nuff said .
 I love VERSON 2.0 -- it 's a really great CD . My two favorite songs are `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' and `` Special '' . Garbage reminds me of No Doubt , which is yet , another great Alternative rock band . All the other songs on this CD are great , too . If you love Alternative music than this CD is definitely for you !!
 The first time that I heard the debut album ` Garbage ' , I instantly fell in love with this band . This effort runs along the same guidelines as the first with the enegry tracks -LRB- ' I think I '' m Paranoid ' , ` Push It ' -RRB- in the first half and then the quieter , smoother tracks towards the end . This second half is where I feel that Garbage really come into their own . My personal favourites ` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing ' and ` You Look So Fine ' -LRB- of American Pie fame -RRB- allow you to just close your eyes and imagine Shirley 's vocals picking you up and carrying you away , the only unfortunate thing is that these tracks have to stop because there is n't enough space on one CD!I probably prefer this album to ` Garbage ' but then everyone has their own opinions , either way it 's still an excellent album that continues to surprise people who regard the band as ` heavy ' . In short this is an album that everyone should at least listen to and then once you have , you 'll probably end up buying it .
 this album rocks to me all the songs are good so if you are into garbage i recomend you to buy it now this is the album you want and will not let you down Shirley Manson rocks Shirley Manson is fine as can be email me if your Shirley Manson it is and2999@aol.com
 The second I heard the first CD , I knew I was a huge fan , but I did n't expect the second CD to be even close or as some might say even better ! A lot of bands or singer 's music gets really bad or just dose n't measure up to the first album , but Garbage has maintained the same super-catchy , grungey-alternative songs that I LOVE ! You should definitely check out Garbage if you are into alternative , grungey music that is all ROCK and really catchy . I mean EVERY SINGLE SONG on the first AND second album was equally FANTASTIC and I am totally not exagerating . I am telling , you BUY this CD and the first one too , it is SOOOOO great . Trust me , you 'll love it . If you asked me what my fave song is , I could definitely not pick , cuz they are all my fave ! Garbage 's music is phenominally fantastic ! The lyrics are great and they have depth and meaning . Garbage is my totally and completely favorite band ever . They rock ! BUY BOTH THEIR CDS I GUARUNTEE TOTAL GENUINE SATISFACTION . And on a final note , no I am not an amazon.com salesperson , I just LOVE Garbage !
 The Cd is a real good and seem like every song keeps getting better garbage is the bomb ca n't stop listening the cd
 This CD is awesome . I think of airplanes when I hear Garbage
 This CD is awesome . I think of airplanes when I hear Garbage
 GARBAGE VERSION 2.0 IS THE BEST TAPE I HAVE IN MY COLLECTION . I FEEL SORRY FOR THOSE WHO DO N'T HAVE IT AND DO N'T KNOW WHAT THEY ARE MISSING . ALL THE TRACKS ARE GREAT . YOU DO N'T HAVE TO SKIP ANY . THE MUSIC OF GARBAGE IS INTENSE . I DREAM OF THE DAY I WILL SEE THEM IN CONCERT .
 What a great album ! I count 9 good tracks , which is a lot better than most albums these days . Skip over # 6 , # 9 , # 11 , and concentrate on the good stuff . Wonderful melodies , brash sounds , singalong hooks , and you can dance to it too . Great concept
 An amazing album . Special and You Look So Fine are brilliant tunes that you will be humming all day while Push It , The Trick Is To Keep Breathing , When I Grow up , Temptation Waits , I Think I 'm Paranoid are just as good . One of the best of the year .
 THIS ALBUM ROCKS ... `` SPECIAL '' IS THE BEST ONE ... # 12 IS ALSO GOOD = -RRB- . . CHECK IT OUT THEY HAVE SOME GOOD SONGS ... THEY DESERVE THE 5 STAR
 I must admit that I 'm addicted to `` Version 2.0 . '' The entire CD is listenable -- not one track gets skipped on my CD player . Described by Shirley Manson herself as `` mongrel-esque , '' the band 's style is a unique compendium of diverse musical genres . The result is a tight , masterfully-crafted audio experience . Pure listening enjoyment .
 I saw Garbage in concert at The Night 89x Stole X-Mas in Detroit , and they were by far the best group there . This album is excellent . A definate buy !
 i went to see the alanis m. concert , but only came to see garbage open for her , cuz they rock so much . its too bad they didnt get the grammys . in my opinion they should have , and i cant believe sheryl crow got it , but we wont get into that . anyways , its good that they got nominated . GARBAGE RULES by the way . bye bye now .
 I 've always loved garbage ... They 're just awesome . All the guys are talented , Butch Vig rocks . I LOVE SHIRLEY MANSON . Not in THAT way . She 's just my # 1 IDOL . Her singing ranges from whispers to roars , and I can totally relate to whatever she says . I loved their first album , and I still love it . I love this one too ...
 Garbage has really hit it big with this one . It 's a masterpiece . Go out and buy this CD , trust me I paid alot more than $ 12 for it and it was well worth it .
 All I had ever heard of Garbage were a couple of their music videos until my friends persuaded me to buy this CD . Now I listen to it at least twice a week . I usually go for music with lighter lyrics , but I 've fallen head-over-heels in love with all these songs , even `` Medication '' . As much as I love the whole CD , I do have favorites
 Version 2.0 ROCKS ! Much better ... and much less depressing ... than their first -LRB- self-titled -RRB- album . Shirley Manson is a rockin ' little lady , eh ?
 Garbage has no doubt put out a kickass sophomore album !! I 'm completely hooked on the song `` You Look So Fine '' - it takes me to a different world . Special also is one of the greatest singles out there right now ! I got it for Christmas and have n't hardly gotten through a day without listening to it . Once you hear Shirley 's voice , there 's no turning back , and if you do than there is something wrong with you ! I enjoyed this album just as much as their first , but i appreciate this one on a whole different level . There 's no trash involved with this garbage . Aside from Pink Floyd , there is no better !!! YOU HAVE GOT TO BUY IT !!!
 This album is good . No , no ... it 's great . No , no ... it 's awesome . Oh , just forget the adjectives . Shirley and pals kick it on this album . The best album of 1998 !
 This is an excellent 2nd album , but if you like the Spice Girls . . do n't bother .
 Version 2.0 , the second album by Garbage is an excellent album . A change from their first release , this album shows how the group has matured in its sound , and has gone in a new direction . The album is more electronic , but the songs still remain as well written as ever . '' You Look So Fine '' is an example , of a beautiful melody set with loops , and the high technology that Garbage encompasses . Shirley Manson 's vocals can melt you in an instant , or send you with new ideas , as in '' I think I 'm paranoid '' . The lyrics are well written , and has you singing along after the first time you hear it . Garbage has proved the sophmore syndrome wrong with this creative album . In addition to being one of 1998 's albums of the year , it is in my opinion to be one of the best albums written in the 1990 's .
 Great album . . way better than the first . I wasnt too interested in Garbage the first time around , but i heard such great things about this CD that i went out and bought it ... and learned that it is really one of the best CDs i 've bought . Garbage is definitely ahead of their time , i love the techno-rock-pop that is unique to them , and of course Shirley Manson is just kickass . Get this album ... even if you did n't like them the first time around , they 've matured and this album shows it .
 version 2.0 is just wonderful . I love reverting to the self-titled release to hear the differences . They are perfect complements to each other and 2.0 just advances the band as a whole . A talented and beautiful singer with 3 talented producers with her is a perfect team .
 Shirley Manson 's melodious voice flows through each track of Version 2.0 flawlessy and beautiful , backed up by Butch Vig 's stellar percussion , and Duke Erikson and Steve Marker 's guitar . Taking in each song of Garbage is a joy . Some might be over-syntesized but if you break that barrier you can see and feel the genius that is Garbage . You journey from the Euro-dance style of `` Hammering in my head '' to the genuine rock-pop sound of `` I think I 'm paranoid '' . Garbage Version 2.0 aims to please .
 Version 2.0 was my first Garbage CD and I just bought the other one , Garbage . So if you 're thinking about buying this album , but you 're not sure if you 'll like it , take the chance and buy it because I 'm sure you will enjoy it !
 Since I got this CD , I have n't stopped listening to it . I saw them in concert and they put on a great show , ever since that I 've loved them .
 Garbage 's Version 2.0 is an absolutely fascinating album . Full of beautiful ballads -LRB- `` Medication '' , `` The Trick is to keep breathing '' , and `` You look so fine '' -RRB- , and up-beat , dancing and screaming songs -LRB- `` I think I 'm paranoid '' , `` When I grow up '' , `` Special '' , and `` Push it '' -RRB- . My personal favorite songs were `` You look so fine '' , `` The trick is to keep breathing '' , `` Medication '' , and `` Special '' . Few mistakes , if any , were made on putting this breath taking album together . The weakest songs , in my opinion , on the album are
 I 'm really grateful for bands like Garbage that produce thoughtful , different , and powerful songs in a year where pop is really `` garbage . '' -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- I love it when bands do n't underestimate their audience and actually put feeling and work into their albums . Both albums should be an example to other artists .
 Perfect from start to finish . Quite a bit different from the 1st album -LRB- which is equally brilliant -RRB- , but stunning nonetheless .
 Whether or not you liked Garbage 's first record , you 'll love Version 2.0 !! Garbage is a blend of four highly talented individuals who are on a mission to make good music and redeem modern music as we know it . Through electronic , edgy , and exciting beats and the soulful , Scottish everywoman voice of Shirley Manson , on Version 2.0 , they succeed beyond their wildest dreams in doing both !
 A must have CD . Garbage has great music that makes your adrenalon pump . Seeing them in concert is a must ! Manson 's on stage peformance will be permanantly etched in your mind , and this CD will be a constant reminder . Buy it , see them .
 I did n't grab the first Cd because I had never heard of Garabage before , but now I am looking for it ;-RRB- This CD is up there with Alanis Morisette on my charts -LRB- if no one else 's -RRB- . The music is great and will definitely get you moving -LRB- in the least -RRB- . If you want to spend your money somewhere ... spend it here .
 Garbage provides an incredible range in Version 2.0 , from the smooth sounds of `` When I grow Up '' to the rock hard `` Hammering In My Head '' . Of course , the one song that moves this CD of the shelf more than any other is `` Push It '' , and rightfully so . Shirley Manson 's -LRB- An unfortunate surname here , but it 's quite popular in her native scotland -RRB- crooning is simply fantastic , her voice carrying you on a line that dances between seductive and tortured . While their first CD could stand on it 's own , no music lover will want to be without Version 2.0 . -- Dr D
 I have a fairly wide taste in music , and buy a lot of it , but very rarely does a single CD capture me like this one has . I bought Garbage 's first CD a while back and liked it a lot , but did n't listen to it nearly as much as this one - and the fact that I never skip a track like I would with most of my other stuff is what 's really impressed me . Every single track cuts deep , personal , full of feeling blended beautifully with the music itself - `` The Trick is to Keep Breathing '' , `` Sleep Together '' and `` You Look So Fine '' are my favourites . Shirley Manson 's vocals are distinctive and unforgettable .
 Where did they get their name from ? Because the vikings chose to name Greenland and Iceland when they were anything but those . Garbage are anything but Garbage.Shirley 's sexy . And she has wonderful vocals . And with both of those , it gets your attention . The guitars is another big highlight to me . It blends in and makes it sound more techno and rock . And that 's not bad at all . I got addicted to songs like Hammering In My Head and the single When I Grow Up . If you are looking forward to good pop my suggestion is to avoid bubble-gum pop and listen to this.Get this in your collection . Not a sophomore slump at all . Worth all of it 's cost . It even sounds to unique for garbage .
 Garbage Version 2.0 is the best CD that has ever been made . Words can not describe how wonderful and great this CD is . Shirely 's beautiful lyrics and vocals make this already fantastic CD even better . If I had to pick one CD to listen to for the rest of my life , it 'd have to be Garbage Version 2.0 . I have never gotton tired of listening to the kool lyrics and wonderful melody . I recommend this CD for any people who define themselves as deep or even have a little goth in them , buy this CD while you can . I can tell you right now , you will NOT be wasting your money .
 I 'm not one to lose complete control , but as a owner of an in-dash cd player . I popped this CD in and was all over the road . she made me laugh , she made me cry , got hot when she teased me , then she left me to die ! Put that CD in your autoloader because it 's full of songs that need to be praised . Saw her in concert with the Pumpkins . Those kids make too much noise for an old man like me , but I like it anyway .
 Perhaps it 's the thrill of discovery wearing off , or perhaps this album is a half-step below their debut . Nothing horribly new on here - the electronic effects are turned up a tad , and I found there to be fewer catchy songs . There 's no real bum track on here -LRB- in itself an amazing job -RRB- but fewer songs jumped out and grabbed me . `` Special '' -LRB- displaying the band 's amazing pop sense -RRB- , `` Push It '' and `` The Trick Is to Keep Breathing '' are the ones I turn the volume up for . I 'd slightly suggest the first album over this one , but this one 's no slouch - if you want it , get it .
 Garbage `` Version 2.0 '' is a fantastic CD , and should be in any record collection . Shirley has an incredible voice , and the other band members also give great performances.Songs like `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' and `` Push It '' are original rock at its best , and are destined to be on the top of many `` Best '' lists .
 I 've reviewed this amazing CD before , but , I got ta make something clear . This music helped me through depression . I 've been an anxious maniac for the last couple of years , and listening to this CD put a smile on my face and helped me through it . The song `` Medication '' was as helpful as real medication , and listening to an album that you could play all the way through and not get bored was really empowering . There 's a new album in the works and I absolutely can not wait ! Thanks a trillion Garbage !
 I was just wandering around the site and added this one to my order . I am completely glad I did . My wife loves it . I love it . We sometimes fight over who gets it during the day . It envelops .
 I was skeptical about this CD only because I thought Garbage 's first -LRB- self-titled -RRB- CD was so excellent -LRB- Which I also highly recommend ! -RRB- , and I thought their second CD would be like so many other highly-anticipated sophomore albums ... a disappointing flop . However , `` Version 2.0 '' is even * better * than Garbage 's debut album . Their songs are more refined and the lyrics are surprisingly original . Shirley Manson 's voice sounds even * better * than before . I fell in love with this band when I saw them open for an Alanis concert quite some time ago , and I have been a loyal fan ever since . If you like techno/alternative music , you will love dancing along to Garbage 's songs . The track for this CD includes `` When I Grow Up '' , the song that is on the Big Daddy soundtrack , and two of their other popular songs , `` Living Without You '' and `` Push It '' . However , the songs that are n't played regularly on the radio are just as good . Shirley Manson is a very talented and beautiful singer , and the band plays great music . You will not regret buying this CD , because if you liked Garbage 's first CD , it is even better , and if you have never owned their CDs , buy them both for they will become a valuable part of your CD collection .
 This is a great album ! It has some of the top pop hits but all of its other songs are good just to listen and groove to . It is great for the car .
 Garbage does it again . This is a great CD full of witty and thought provoking lyrics and awesome musical orchestration . This CD preserves my belief that there are still a few modern artists out there who can get lyric writing and song writing right together .
 An awsome album , a must own . Garbage betters themselves with each release , a return to rock and roll , with an eye on the future . Shirley Manson 's lyrics and singing style , can make you melt in your shoes , and tingle all over . Their dedication to their craft is heard on each track . It 's one of the few cd 's I own , that I can listen to cover to cover , and it makes you crave more . Add that to their concerts , and stage performance , and you have a true rock band , one that deserves more credit than they get .
 This cd rocks ! It is one of the best cds of the year . `` Temptation Waits '' , `` When I grow up '' , and `` Special '' are great songs . The whole album is great . If you like Hole , this is another band you would really like . This has to be in your cd collection . Totally . Buy this cd .
 Seriously , though , Garbage is an incredible group . Their combination of electronica and grunge has created what 's probably best described as the 90s answer to Synth-Pop . They 're loud , fast and have a beat that pulses with raw power and energy . Now , any group can have loud guitars and deep , fluid electronic beats . What Garbage has is something trully special , an incredible lead vocalist . Shirley Manson 's vocals range from angry , to depressed , to sexy . They set the mood of each son in a way that mere backbeats and guitars ca n't . Garbage is a trully incredible combination of various talents . What 's more , Version 2.0 demonstrates the band 's talent far more so than their self-titled debut . 2.0 echoes with a harmony and pulse that the original album just did n't quite achieve . If you liked `` Garbage '' you 'll love `` Version 2.0 '' . And if you have n't heard `` Garbage '' , you need to .
 I am not a very big rock fan - i listen to a lot of dance like Ace of Base , Aqua , Amber , the Vengaboys , etc. but Garbage is an exception . the best songs are `` Push It '' , `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' , `` Special '' , and `` When I Grow Up '' . Shirley Manson is a great singer , the songs are pure art , and the cd cover is interesting .
 This album is my absolute favorite ! You can tell Garbage has evolved from the first album , but their still just as great !
 Well , what can I say ? I had this CD for a while now and I love it . I listen to it whenever I can . The lyrics are brilliant ... Shirley 's voice is amazing . The songs are wonderful . Version 2.0 is awesome ! : -RRB-
 This is a great CD ... One of my best purcases , if not , my best ... One of those CD 's that you can just it let play through unlike those that have only 2 good songs ... The whole thing is good !
 Great CD . . and I did n't realize how much I liked Garbage ! The first day I got it I played it 3 times ! Very cool album .
 Garbage is everything pop music should be - arrogant , aggressive , dancable , and addicting . I thought that nothing could beat their first album , and I am happy to report that I have been proven wrong . I never knew that mainstream music could be so seductive , emotional , and compelling ! The intensity of Shirley Manson has yet to matched by any modern pop divas , and her energy bursts out in every song , making this album an energetic delight . If you are looking for your sensory world to be rocked , then Version 2.0 is your thing !
 I like their first album too , but this one has a more electronic-oriented tracks , my favorite is `` When I Grow Up . '' The even better part is that last fall they were on tour with my favorite band , Lit , and it turned out it was of da hook .
 Ok , let 's try and describe this beaut in 1,000 words or less . Temptation Waits-Is very interesting , I like the rythm and the hook of the chorus . Really original . 5 I Think I 'm Paranoid-Now this is pure brilliance , I love the guitars and the singing in this . They 're well combined and are pleasant -LRB- in Garbage 's way -RRB- to listen to . 6 When I Grow Up-This is so catchy it can get over-listened to . The voice alteration is catchy too . 5 and a half Medication-This is really haunting , mellow until the chorus a bit . So I love the chorus . 4 Special-Ooh , I LOOOVE this song ! It 's really well recorded and mixed and EVERYTHING . THe lyrics are top-notch , and the guitars are haunting , really . 5 and a half Hammering It In My Head-Very , very disturbed . Like the great madam Shirley , but it 's a GOOD disturbing . The instruments get my ears ringing , though . 3 and a half Push It-This song is a brilliant rock song , the borrowed lyrics are mixed in pleasantly and the chorus is striking . Bravo ! 5 Trick Is To Keep Breathing-Eerie and calm , almost too much for my liking . Not really enough beat for me . But good lyrics , melody . 4 and a half Dumb-I like the lyrics here , I.E. ' I feel small , climbing the walls ' . The guitars pound , though . 4 and a half Sleep Together-Eh , uh , well-it just makes me feel naughty . The lyrics are well placed , the riffs as well . Eerie . 4 Wicked Ways-The chorus is SOOOO immensely catchy , I 've heard it mills from skipping to it . Read-s-k-i-p-p-i-n-g . Good song , though , just not as up to par with some . 4 and a half You Look So Fine-A real gem , haunting and beautiful . It puts me at a loss for words . The music is just BRILLIANT.Keep it up , Garbage ! I 'm sure this is an album many will enjoy .
 An awsome album , a must own . Garbage betters themselves with each release , a return to rock and roll , with an eye on the future . Shirley Manson 's lyrics and singing style , can make you melt in your shoes , and tingle all over . Their dedication to their craft is heard on each track . It 's one of the few cd 's I own , that I can listen to cover to cover , and it makes you crave more . Add that to their concerts , and stage performance , and you have a true rock band , one that deserves more credit than they get .
 The version 2.0 is one of the best c.d they made and the songs that rocks are push it , special , think i 'm paranoid , temptaion waits and more and shirley manson is sooo fine
 I do n't have Garbage 's debut CD and I happily recieved Version 2.0 for my 13th birthday . I like a lot of music , and this album REALLY appealed to me , it is so good ! It 's worth it . Man if there was more than five stars . Genius . So here 's my review of the songs . 1 . Temptation Waits - Awesome track to open the album . 2 . I Think I 'm Paranoid - Very cool song . 3 . When I grow up - Another great song . 4 . Medication - This is nice too , I liked it at the first listen . 5 . Special - Rad song . 6 . Hammering in my Head - This is one of my favorites from 2.0 , though I have a lot anyway ! It 's not that long , it 's not even five minutes . But it 's really good . 7 . Push it - Yes , push it !!! My favorite track . Totally genius ! Guaranteed pleasure . 8 . The Trick is to keep Breathing - It 's slow , but a nice listen . 9 . Dumb - One of my fav 's . Rad song . Now that you know what you know ... 10 . Sleep Together - It 's pretty cool . I 'm not surprised . 11 . Wicked Ways - I was so happy when I reached to even this point and the CD was a killer . 12 . You Look So Fine - Great song to end this album . Buy !
 I ca n't wait for their next CD -LRB- Version 3.0 ?
 This is possibly the best Alternative-rock album of 1998 , althugh it did not get as much recognition of it 's predisesors . It came out the day after The Smashing Pumpkins latest effort `` Adore '' -LRB- which is also an excellent album -RRB- which could have caused somewhat of race for record sales since they are equaly matched groups that attract the same gener of fans . Being nominated for Grammys and MTV music video awards was an excellent achievement and proves Garbage 's staying point with their fans . `` Push It '' -LRB- their frequently nominated high quality special affects video and 1st single -RRB- , `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' -LRB- featured in the `` Mod Squad '' Sndtrk . and extemely sexy video -RRB- , `` Special '' -LRB- most popular top 40 hit and TRL video -RRB- , and finally `` When I Grow Up '' -LRB- featured on the `` Big Daddy '' Sndtrk . and latest video -RRB- have been the released singles and have so far came out with a somewhat satisfying approval by today 's mainstream teen America but even more so with persons ages 20-30 . If you really liked Garbage 's 1st self titled album but your ready for some really deep techno inspired beats and soothing sexy vocals flowing from Shirley 's mouth , you should really go out and by this album . DO IT NOW !
 Garbage the rock/pop band that so many of us love released their second effort to eventual great success , but that doesnt mean that they havent stumbled along the way . Their sophmore disc , all in all is a gem of a music jaggernut , but be warned - Version 2.0 IS NOT like their debut album `` Garbage '' . Although the band still retains its ferociousness , and the amazing guitars , this time around Shirley and the boys include fantastic slower songs such as `` Medication '' , `` The trick is to keep Breathing '' , and the stellar and hands down best song on the album `` You look so fine '' . -LRB- A bit of shame resides in the fact that You look so fine wasnt widely received in the states , when it was a huge single for the band overseas . -RRB- However , the disc is not without its flaws . Ridiculous filler songs like the opening `` Temptation waits '' , '' Dumb '' and `` Hammering in my head '' , somehow sneak onto an almost perfect album , so one might want to skip those songs in advance . In all , Garbage do not loose their sarcasm , or their depracating sense of self and humour , and sinlges such as `` Push it '' , `` Special '' , and `` I think Im paranoid '' defintley underline that , and will keep any fan new or old listening .
 I remember first seeing the video for `` Queer '' in 1995 . This is what introduced me to what would become one of my new favorite bands . I am reminded of The Eurythmics mostly . Both in style and imagery . That 's a great compliment to a band . Version 2.0 is , I believe , a notch above Garbage 's debut . While their debut was very strong , Version 2.0 is more uptempo and the melodies are catchier . Great songs like `` Temptation Waits '' , `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' , `` When I Grow Up '' , `` Medication '' , `` Special '' , `` Push It '' and `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' make up half of this classic recording . Nowadays there are n't many bands that can make a great cd in its entirety , let alone half a cd . Garbage proves they could make two cds of strong material -LRB- and they have ! -RRB- Despite the mainstream ignoring them , this band will be around for years to come I think . Who needs the mainstream when you have fans that enjoy your music and buy your cds ? This is a must have for any rock collector .
 If you do n't love this C.D at first , you have to listen to is some more and then you 'll love it . Garbage has made each song unique and the 've cleverly mixed different sounds together so the end result is so good to listen to . This C.D is better then their first . `` Push It '' and `` When I Grow Up '' are great . Also `` Dumb '' and `` You look So Fine '' . A nice quiet one , kinda like `` Milk '' -LRB- first C.D -RRB- is `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' . Buy It !
 This is a great album . Some of my favorite songs on there would be `` Special '' and `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' . `` When I Grow Up '' is also pretty good . This is a great CD to travel with . They 've definitely out-done themselves with this album . Great job !
 This album , along with Alanis Morissette 's `` Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie '' and `` Alanis Unplugged '' could definately be the album of the year . Shirly Manson has a truly excellent voice , and the songs are really catchy and well thought out ! The best tracks ? All of them ! You have to listen to this album all the way from track 1 to track 12 , because you just ca n't turn it off . I 'd give it 10 stars if I could ! DEFINATELY make it the next album you buy .
 Now i know what you thought when i wrote the title , but yes , it is the best CD ever . I did n't know about garbage much until they came out with the world is not enough single -LRB- im a big James Bond fan -RRB- so I bought version 2.0 -LRB- i originally wanted blink 182 's cd -RRB- at a target store where the 182 cd was sold out , man was I in for a surprise . They combine the best out of modern rock with great sound samples and the angelic , almost perfect voice of Shirley Manson . This CD is a bit ahead of it 's time if you ask me , this is the direction music will go in the next millenium . Bottom line
 I heard this disk once and bought it the next day . Now I ca n't live without it . Most albums get dull -LRB- or at least less shiny -RRB- after a few weeks of intense play . Not this one . I can listen to it over and over . My favourite track , `` Hammering In My Head '' , consumes my full attention whenever it comes on - nevertheless , I often hit repeat as it ends so I can immerse myself in it again . The rest of the disk is almost as compelling . This is one of those rare albums I actually want to really concentrate on , rather than just play it for background music - and every time I do so concentrate , I pull a new layer out of the rich tapestry that has been weaved to make this thing go . Fantastic stuff .
 I 'm normally an old fashioned rock and roll kind of guy , but I make the exception with Garbage . This band coupled with Shirley Manson 's foxy voice and wicked lyrics totally rock . If they come anywhere near Orlando I 'm there !
 Garbage has released one of the few cd 's that can just play through , with every song having a certain flavor and enjoyability . Songs on this album range from dark and stormy -LRB- push it -RRB- to fast paced rock -LRB- when i grow up -RRB- and each has a pleasent variety . The songs lyrics are deep and meaningfull , and are easy to relate to , in my opion , version 2.0 is a groundbreaking and interesting album , that is sure to delight many a wide audiance .
 who says that the sequel is never as good as the original ?? With Garbage 's Version 2.0 > shirley and the boys are going to make you crawl for this one . 2.0 has similar beats and sounds like the self-titled album , but added with dancier and electronic fxs . all the songs are unique and some are better than the singles . 2.0 is really gon na make you happy and you will not be disappointed !!!
 This album was an album that changed my favorite music genre , From kid music to alternative in one big jump . I 'm a kid and I love this C.D. My favorite songs are 1-12 . Me and my sister both love this C.D. were always borrowing each others copies of it if ours is someplace else . Shirley Manson 's voice is just right for the intence music and out-of-this-world lyrics , -LRB- I 'll tell you something I am a wolf but , I like to wear sheep 's clothing . -RRB- That was the beginng of my second favorite song , Temptation Waits . My first is the hit Special . I 'm sort of popular in my class for liking Garbage . Everybody knows there my fave band . I 'm always humming there songs . But the only problem I have but definetly a very mild problem is that when people ask me what my fave group is I of course say Garbage . Then they say `` Garbage ? what kind of name for a group is that ? '' I am a pretty non violent guy but if I here someone dissing Garbage I want to punch there lights out ! My sister bought this c.d. first when It was just new , while she bought that I bought ChumbaWamba Tubthumping I like that c.d. a lot -LRB- I recommend it -RRB- she told me that she would put some songs on repeat ! and I thought about that . I asked her if I could borrow it . She let me . I listened to the first song and then a week later I had my own copy as well ! Shirley , Butch , Duke , and Steve thank you , your so awesome ! Oh by the way , the cover of the album is a closeup of one of Shirley 's dresses .
 hammering in my head song number 6 is a odd song i think the longest on the cd it is intricate with meany words you wonder how shirley could think of them all push it here comes one of my favorite songs on the cd it has hyped sounds and is so catchy i give this song an awesome rating this is why i like this cd so much ! also ! this is just basically a video that is just smorgisborg stuff like x files and stuff it is really wierd also it was tough for the men of the group to get through the video without staring if you watch the video you will notcie a girl in a bath she gets out and it is blurry where her top should be well abviously she is topless tee hee hee the trick is to keep breathing this song is about the book the trick is to keep breathing i forget who it is by but any way good song dumb this is a really cool song it is very catchy too most guys love too do what this song is titled sleep together is a blend of cool sounds and shirleys great voice wicked ways this ! has probably the best guitair playing on the cd it is a very cool song you look so fine a nice sort of slow song but still I must admire it like on the first cd it is slow like the song milk great cd over all if you ask where are the other songs on this cd check my other report on the first 5 songs buy this cd
 I bought this album because some music reviewer recoment it . I admit , I was expected to a powerful rock-songs-package with computer effects like `` OK Computer '' by Radiohead , so at the first minutes of listening I got dissapointed . But when I got to the 5th track on the album , `` Special '' , I decided just enjoying the hits and not expecting anything like Radiohead anymore . Other of my favourite tracks are `` Temptation Waits '' , `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' , `` When I Grow Up '' and of course , `` Push It '' . `` Medication '' was the only satisfing mellow track on the album . Still , I do n't understand their lyrics , 'cause what the hell does Shirley Manson means when she sings `` I 'll tell you something . I am a wolf but I like to wear sheeps clothing '' on `` Temptation Waits '' ? It 's just a classic hit-by-hit album .
 A briliant album . Shirley has a voice you do n't here elsewhere in it 's so powerfull and gentle at the same time . The songs are great , all of them . You can hear it again and again . If you did not buy the CD yet , run and buy it today .
 version 2.0 is a perfect name for this CD because Garbage has upgraded their sound to more of a techno flair that rocks as much as it grooves and never dissapoints , but the main attraction is Shirley Manson tearing your heart out piece by piece . One of the best cds of the year
 Garbage music is an inventive melting pot of styles ; it does not decidedly borrow from the kinetic dance fusions of acts like Bj&ouml;rk , nor from the alternative rock the likes of Smashing pumpkins . Yet it seems to encapsulate the best of both worlds , since this group , headed by vocalist Shirley Manson , clearly has the fresh creative spirit of both above-mentioned artists and other genre-benders . On this particular record , they meld pop with processed guitars and avant-techno noise , and gallantly avoid the trappings of pretentiousness , which in Garbage 's case would mean not being able to fuse all these different styles into one cohesive whole . Instead , the gruop falls into another trap . Garbage simply does not know how to look forward , and this lack of vision initially deprives the material of weight ; the production seems the perfect disguise for the wooden attempts at pure pop within the framwork of modern rock . What comes as a surprise , however , is that this strategy mo ! stly works . The material may lack soul , but it is definately entertaining .
 Before I got this CD , Nathalie Imbruglia was my favorite singer . I had never heard Garbage before , and I plan to get the old CD , just to get more of it ! I love this CD !!!!!!!!!
 Garbage is cool . Buy it . I 've never heard such a well put together cd . I believe that it will win many awards for outreaching to all different music types . All in all it 's a great follow up record.Go buy it now !!!!!!!!!!
 The first Garbage album was great . Version 2.0 is great too , but in a different way . Somehow I fell the musicians have put more effort in this album . They did a great job , it is a very complex album in therms of music , listen to it very well . But I just ca n't forget the first one , so for me this album is just as good as the first , not better , because it 's totally different . One of the best albums I bought this year . If you 're a Garbage fan , buy it , If you 're not , BUY IT !
 After waiting in anticipation for nearly a year for this album to come out , i had a lot of high hopes for Garbage 's second CD . And all of those expectations were met and even surpassed with `` Version 2.0 '' . After rushing home with it the day it came out , i listened to `` Version 2.0 '' the whole way through . I was amazed at how much their sound had changed since their last CD . It 's true to say that everything has been `` updated '' since Garbage appeared on the scene nearly 3 years ago . Everything from the style and format of their CD to the their own physical appearence to the sound of their music seems to be `` more advanced '' now . Garbage has always been known to have unique sound that combines loops , electronic elements , and raw guitars . Their latest attempt has more of an electronic based sound that some rock/pop purists may cringe upon ... but Garbage has never been one to follow the rules . All 12 songs on `` Version 2.0 '' are ! all well developed and could all be very successful singles , similar to all the songs on their debut . What exactly does this mean ? It means that every song has some sort of catchy riff or insightful phrase that 'll have you 'll be humming and singing long after you 've taken the CD outta the CD player . `` Push It '' is one example of this ... the first single off `` Version 2.0 '' and similar to a bomb that is about to explode . The riffs and loops gradually get louder as the song procedes and will energize even the most dull of people . Having heard dits and dats of `` When I Grow Up '' , `` Special '' , and `` Dumb '' about a month before its release , i could tell every Garbage fan -LRB- or alternative rock fan for that matter . -RRB- was in for a treat . Despite the fact that the lyrics arent as gloomy as last time -LRB- i.e. only happy when it rains , vow , not my idea . -RRB- , everything about the songs on `` Version 2.0 '' are still very well done . But make no ! mistake , Garbage still has what it takes to depress ur day ! :o-RRB- . This CD is a must buy the hardcore Garbage fan and alternative rock fan alike .
 This is the best CD I 've ever heard ! Once again , Shirley rocks on with those dark tunes . But this seemed a little happier-especially `` When I grow Up '' and `` Special '' - than the first album . Probably the best song is , well , all of them are great ! This is certainly `` Special '' !
 OK , I guess that maybe this does n't initially have the hook that their debut had , but Version 2.0 is better in some ways too . the vocals are far more complex and far-reaching than the debut , with the crowning jewel being `` The Trick is to Keep Breathing '' which has some of the most lush , amazing vocals i have ever heard . `` Push It '' bridges the gap between the two cd 's , melding the two fairly distinct styles into one . Also , somehow the band just seems tighter on this album.All in all , 2.0 is an EXCELLENT cd .
 If you 're a non-smoker you can probly relate to this easily . Your going out to a club to see a band and you 've just spent an hour or so gussing up and are wearing nice clean clothes , and hoping to meet someone . Well you get home and not only did you strikeout but all the fresh gear your wearing reaks of the terrible smoke that had been plastering the ceiling at said club . Shirley Mansons ' voice has a similar effect it lingers around , hovers over your head , and attaches itself to you. , but leaves a much sweeter scent . The tsunami of production constructed by her fellow band mates is a perfect backing for her aggressive and charming vocals . With cosmic vibrations , intergalactic ticks , hyper-speed beats , and sensual vocls they 've created a perfect sonic milkyway to lay your head under . This disk has it all , neurotic industrial kinks in `` I Think I 'm Paranoid , '' giddy enthusiasm in `` When I Grow Up '' that has a sing along hook that could easily fit a Spice Girls song which is cool with me considering I think of Shirley Manson as the original SpiceGirl . The much mellower `` The Trick '' is my favorite track , it combines a dribbling hip-hop groove that flows evenly with choppy violins and phenominal vocals .
 This album flows together well - Shirley 's voice is at her best - and with mesmerizing yet thought provoking lyrics , i dont have one bad comment . I strongly recommend trying to catch the tour , because it is amazing .
 An all around good album good album with a good sound , but the disappointment is - is that only the first hlaf of the album is GREAT . The second half is good , but usually after `` Push It '' , I hurrily change to the last song before I turn it off . `` Medication '' and `` Hammering in my Head '' are the best songs on the album , but the whole thing is well - worth listenin ' too . Give it a shot - you wo n't be disappointed - especially if you 're a garbage fan .
 I love this cd . Its full of great songs and excellent beats . Also , I cant get enough of Manson 's voice . But there was one thing missing . I was disappointed to discover that their song '' # 1 Crush '' -LRB- from the Romeo and Juliet soundtrack -RRB- was not on this cd . I love that song , but I dont want to have to buy a crappy soundtrack to get it . Even without that song , the cd still rocks .
 Great pop songs , great sampling work and brilliant voice ! Shirley Manson is definitely `` the Queen of modern pop '' . And `` Version 2.0 '' with its attitude between My Bloody Valentine and Pretenders -LRB- with a touch of Depeche and Kraftwerk -RRB- is simply gorgeous . Garbage
 I thought the first album was good but this rules ! I 'm not saying the first album does n't rule . Of course it does ! I 'm just saying that alot of the times the first album is better than the others . But Shirley and the gang keep it going and are exploring new horizons . The song `` I Tink I 'm Paranoid '' and `` Push It '' are amazing and have a strong beat . The track `` Sleep With Me '' is just plain cool ! What I 'm trying to get at is that every song on this C.D. is great !!!! A must buy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 While listening to the album , you get a feeling of joy . You never get bored by their music.Hopefully their style will continue , and that they never sell out to their record company
 This is a great album . Not the best ever , but definitely better than a lot of the crap being recorded and pushed these days . Listening to this , I got the feeling that Garbage was trying to tell a story with the album much in the same way that Pink Floyd did with the Wall and the Who did with Tommy . If this is the case , it 's a cool idea that has n't been done very often as of late . But all in all , it 's a very good album from start to finish .
 A lot of new innovations , but still the same style that long-term Garbage fans are looking for . Well-rounded , musically interesting , and fun listening ! I love it .
 I love Shirley Manson.I just wanted to get that out of the way . But I mean , how could you not ? She has this amazing sense of sensual wickedness , creating a marvelous persona that is so infectious and so intoxicating . She defined my pre-teen idolizations . I remember becoming instantly enamored with her when I got this album . In fact , this album pretty much sums up my life from about 13-15 . The fact that I can still absolutely eat up this entire album -LRB- and not merely because of that sense of nostalgia -RRB- says a lot for its staying power.I will admit this ; ` Version 2.0 ' does feel dated . You can not escape that fact . This was one of those albums that helped shape music at the time it was released , and so it immediately recalls that time period . The genre has changed and so this goes feel very ` 90s ' in retrospect , but that does n't really take away from the genius construction and undeniable liability of the album.This is still very enjoyable from start to finish.For me , the best tracks are the ones that utilize Manson 's darker energies . I think that is why I never really felt ` Special ' too much . It was the single that blew up in a big way for them and earned them lots of attention , but it is still my least favorite track on the album . Instead , it is the earthy edginess of songs like ` Push It ' , ` Hammering In My Head ' and ` I Think I 'm Paranoid ' that remain highlights for me . I love the way they simply pummel the listener with such raw intensity . They also do this on ` Dumb ' , but to lesser effect . This is one of those bands that really understood how to infuse techno with rock and do it gloriously.Industrial rock has never been the same.There is a commercial loveliness to songs like ` Temptation Waits ' and ` When I Grow Up ' , songs that play to a more bouncy vibe but do n't lose the industrial edge that Garbage effortlessly creates . ` Wicked Ways ' is one of the more distinct tracks on the album , for it really stands out as something different , it 's almost industrial honky tonk chemistry oozing all over the place.I love the vulnerability they bring to ` Medication ' . It is such a soft and subtle track that really adds layers to Manson 's artistic persona . There is an eerie captivation that runs through this song.And then you have the softer side of Garbage . ` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing ' is the less successful of the efforts , but the remaining two -LRB- ` Sleep Together ' and ` You Look So Fine ' -RRB- are utter perfection . I love the silky seductiveness of ` Sleep Together ' , a song that knows how to play the balance between sensual vulnerability and provocative forcefulness . The closing ballad ` You Look So Fine ' is just all sorts of beautiful . I still get chills listening to it . ` Version 2.0 ' still holds up eleven years later as a strong sophomore album that redefined a genre of music and still holds its own as one to remember and idolize .
 Version 2.0 is a very dynamic CD ... yes , there are lots of other influences on it , but nothing very original has come out in the electronica genre in many years ... everything out there builds on something else . We all have our own tastes and faves , and mine are `` Hammering in my Head '' , `` Push It '' , `` The Trick is to Keep Breathing '' and `` You Look So Fine '' . `` Hammering '' and `` Push It '' have to be listened to very LOUD , preferably on a serious system . The bass on those tracks is seriously fat ... and it sounds great . Shirley Manson makes this CD though - in every way .
 This is one record I do n't know if I 'll ever forget . I 've loved it ever since the first time I listened to it . While some jealous Curve fans may dismiss the album -LRB- hey , listen to THEIR 2001 album `` Gift '' back-to-back with this and tell me who 's ripping off who -RRB- , this album is a bit less in use of the backwards guitar effects and wall-of-sound distortion of the debut . It is an electronic rock album , and one of the absolute finest that I 've ever heard.The record can be sexy at times , and it can also be heartbreaking and such at the same time . All 12 songs are amazing . The record begins with the new-wave inspired `` Temptation Waits , '' a Blondie-esque track with lots of hooks and dancier than anything on the debut . `` Hammering in My Head '' and `` Push It '' are still as breathtaking as the first time I heard them . `` Hammering '' shows their artistic experimentalism at its best , and I hear something new in it each time . `` Push It '' is the main single from the album and quite possibly the greatest . They cleverly borrow from the Beach Boys for a hook and then have a hard-hitting chorus . I hear the album was made with about 120 tracks , and these two tracks certainly make it seem that way . For me , this album is a musical dream . `` The Trick Is to Keep Breathing '' and `` You Look So Fine '' show a more tender side of Garbage and are true gems . The former is a bit darker of the two , with the bass lines standing out and then the other one is a well-orchestrated track with some awesome Shirley Manson melodies . There 's some quirkier tunes in `` Wicked Ways '' and `` Sleep Together , '' and then the more straightforward tracks like `` Dumb , '' which would n't sound too out of place on the first record.Experimentation with great songwriting and hooks all over , it 's just hard to ignore this record . The debut is good too , but I felt this album was even better , a progression from that one . I never get tired of listening to any of these songs . One of my top five albums of all-time .
 After a great debut , garbage made an album that made pop world better . With the songs like `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' , `` When I Grow Up '' , `` Push It '' , `` Special '' , `` Temptation Waits '' , and a slow ballad `` You Look So fine '' they conquered the music world . Shirley Manson 's voice was so great although a sad one ... and a little bit creepy . The lyrics are quite creepy too . Much better than the debut was.Stars
 Of all the albums I 've owned over the years v2 .0 has offered me the most consistent entertainment . It has pop-ey tracks , dark tracks , danceable tracks , heavy tracks , etc. . By far the most eclectic and listenable album from Shirley Manson 's band ! Favourite tracks
 Certainly one of the best records of the late nineties , Garbage ` s sophomore release is a terrific pop album , combining multiple sources and influences to deliver a tight , exciting , intriguing and personal sound . `` Garbage '' , the band ` s debut , was already an excellent alternative rock / techno-dance / trip-hop masterpiece , and this second offering is as good if not better . `` Version 2.0 . '' provides a more polished and refined sound , presenting an ultra-developed production and multilayered songs full of different and hypnotic textures . There ` s not a single bad moment here , each song is unique and distinct with a feel and mood of its own , and these twelve truly make for an astounding and mesmerizing collection.Although this record is a bit more pop-oriented than the debut , it ` s nonetheless challenging and innovative , miles above the usual and predictable artists who are constantly on MTV and most radio stations and give pop a bad reputation . `` Version 2.0 . '' carries a futuristic and original atmosphere , full of electronic elements that create complex and detailed songs which deliver something new with each listen . And there ` s also the stunning , sexy and gripping voice of offbeat diva Shirley Manson , captivating and complelling.The best moments include the subtle and perfect trip-hop ballad `` The Trick is to Keep Breathing '' , the weird and unusual breakbeat/spoken-word/techno in `` Hammering in My Head '' , the chaotic and energic dance number `` Dumb '' or the haunting , gothic , ethereal and tender `` You Look So Fine '' . It ` s hard to choose the highlights here , since each song is an addictive and superior work of art on its own . `` Version 2.0 . '' proves that Garbage are simply one of the most challenging and vital bands around , producing two masterpieces in a row . It ` s unfortunate that its follow-up `` Beautifulgarbage '' is n`t such an ispired and solid album , even if it ` s a fair effort anyway . Still , `` Version 2.0 . '' is a tour de force and an instant classic , the definition of a keeper and a must-have record.Highly recommended .
 I listen to `` Version 2.0 '' more than any other album in my collection . It 's a fantastic piece of work , an endlessly entertaining album that seamlessly melds rock , pop , and electronica into one unified whole.Even the best albums tend to have one or two stinkers , but each song on `` Version 2.0 '' is a winner - there is n't a misfire in the bunch . What 's even more remarkable is that even though the songs have been mixed , mastered and polished to absolute perfection , they still seem incredibly natural and organic , the complete opposite of the manufactured bubblegum -LRB- ... -RRB- that we 've been subjected to for the past half decade . The album 's opener , `` Temptation Waits '' , starts things off with a bang and a hook -LRB- the best way to go , in my opinion -RRB- , and `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' continues the fun . It begins with a charming keyboard intro and a deceptively simple beat , but quickly morphs into a pounding rock anthem that hits like a sledgehammer . Indeed , there are quite a few of these `` soft-to-loud '' transitions on the album ; from the upbeat , melodic `` Special '' to the furious electronic assault of `` Push It '' , the album 's best track . If `` Version 2.0 '' were a person , it would be a manic-depressive schizophrenic with violent mood swings . But in a good way . `` Version 2.0 '' also has its quieter , more introspective moments , which help balance out the killer rock bits . `` The Trick is to Keep Breathing '' is a surprisingly effective soliloquy , laced with smoky radio static and ethereal strings . And `` You Look So Fine '' , the album 's closer , floats a piano solo over a throbbing , muffled beat , working like sonic Valium . `` Version 2.0 '' is defined by its polar opposites - soft and loud , fast and slow , happy and angry - but what unifies the whole thing is the distinct `` Garbage sound '' , first introduced in 1995 and refined here to tremendous effect . `` Version 2.0 '' is a pleasantly varied yet coherent collection that truly pleases the ear . Such a solid and often brilliant album only comes around once in a long while , and `` Version 2.0 '' is a must-buy for anyone who considers him/herself a music fan . Get it . You wo n't be sorry .
 The second of Garbage 's three albums -LRB- so far -RRB- , also happens to be the best . Their first self titled CD , Garbage , is very raw , almost garage band like . The production values are not great , the music is somewhat iffy , and Shirley Manson does not impress.However , their second installment , Version 2.0 , is so surprisingly improved over Garbage 's first album , it 's remarkable . Gone is the amatuer overtone of the first CD . The sound and feel of Version 2.0 is very crisp , sharp , and completely professional . The most pleasent difference between the first cd and the second , however , is the maturation of Shirley Manson 's singing . Her soothing , sexy , Scottish accented vocals are the main attraction of Version 2.0 where as before , she was just the singer in the band , and did n't stand out too much . Now , much like Gwen Steffani is No Doubt , Shirley Manson is Garbage . She really establishes herself with Version 2.0 as does the band.The 3rd album , beutifulgarbage , regresses a little , but not by much . Its sound and feel , while similar , is different than Version 2.0 's . beutifulgarbage has a very dreamy and wandering feel to it while Version 2.0 really is quite dark . Shirley 's singing is probably better on her 3rd CD , but the songs are n't as deep . If you want to experience the true personality of the band Garbage , and of Shirley Manson , listen to Version 2.0 . It 's one of the top five CD 's I 've listened to , period . It 's practically flawless .
 This is one of the best CD 's that I have ever heard . The combination of Shirley Manson 's voice and their unique alternative techno beat is the perfect combination of this amazing CD .
 This CD was my introduction to Garbage , and it could be that bias but I think that Version 2.0 is much superior to the debut . The singles that attracted me were `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' and most of all the sparkling `` Special . '' This album has a mood-swinging way about it , while the first one was mostly consistant , so you 're getting both energetic pop songs and brooding , more rock pieces . I remember that I got tired of songs like `` Hammering in My Head '' on the first listen , but now it 's my favorite . The best thing about this album , though , is it 's emotional impact -- it plays like a story , and it never fails to move me . The best example is You Look So Fine -- absolutely haunting . Of course it probably has a lot to do with the time of my life when I discovered this CD , but it 's made an impact on me that will stay with me forever .
 garbage 's sophmore effort is perfect . they prove that they are the only pop rock band that matters . the current and future singles off this album make everything that is on alternative and modern radio s *** even more . an accomplishment that is worth a ten by itself .
 I 've listened to Garbage 's Version 2.0 at least 3 times a day in the last week and keep coming back to it for more . I could n't believe it but they 've improved dramatically on their great debut . There is n't a weak track on the entire CD . I woke up this morning with Temptation Waits going through my head ... I 'm constantly going over and over the tracks in my mind throughout the day . I 've never heard an album that has captivated me like this before . I just ca n't get enough of it !
 Second albums are tough for most bands that hit it big with their debut but Version 2.0 does not disappoint . Long-term music fans will be delighted by veiled references to other popular songs . ` Sleep Together ' recalls a one-hit wonder by Romeo Void , and similar tricks make the listener wonder `` Where have I heard that before ? '' More techno than their first offering but less gothic-eerie . Just risky enough without putting off their current fans .
 Version 2.0 is a refreshing change for Garbage . Much more techno and less guitar , the general feel of the album is lighter than the previous debut album . Shirley Manson 's vocals are great , she sounds happy , and she does a lot of her sexy whispering . The songs are catchy and mostly upbeat including the new hit ` Push It ' . A few tracks are instrumentally overpowering - the vocals are hard to hear . Some of the lyrics do n't make a lot of sense ... but overall Version 2.0 is an impressive effort . After you listen to it you 'll find yourself humming Garbage tunes trying to sound like Shirley . : -RRB-
 The album continues with Garbage 's trademark lend of massive overdubs of rock/techno / & industrial . New to the mix is some Electronica and the recently popular 70 's ABBA/Carpenters sound . Shirly Mason 's vocals are sirenlike , seductively inviting you in before springing into a verbal catfight . The lyrics are notably more personal on this release as opposed to the first album 's stereotypical `` I 'm a bitch / I 'm messed up / You made me this way / I will destroy you '' bent . The gems on Version 2.0 are `` The Trick is To Keep Breathing '' , `` Push It '' and `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' . `` Trick '' is worth the price of admission ; but overall , I think `` Version 2.0 '' wo n't be as popular as `` Garbage '' because none of the songs are as catchy as `` Stupid Girl '' and `` Only Happy When It Rains '' . Real fans of the Garbage sound wo n't be disappointed . It 's a good step in the band 's development .
 Garbage salvages sounds from everywhere that they can find them and manage to pull them together to create extraordinary music that has a great glam-rock feel to it . These songs are all so energetic and fun to listen to . Here 's what I think about them
 This is a great album . I bought it because of the singles
 I first heard Garbage on the 1998 MTV Video Music Awards when they were nominated for 8 seperate catagories for their video `` Push It '' . Yet they did not win one single one of those nominations . That sucked . Then they lost Album of the Year to Lauryn Hill . I bought Version 2.0 shortly after those VMA 's along with the Beastie Boys CD , `` Liscensed to Ill '' . WHAT A COMBO ! I liked the album and then I liked the first 7 songs and the rest I just thought were weird . But as I kept on listening and listening to the album I find something new to like about the album . That 's a good quality in an album . That was one of the first albums that I truely enjoyed the whole shabang . I also liked this album so much because of how I could relate like I know some people who always agree with me and sometimes have no opinion of their own . That 's what the lyric 's in `` Special '' say . `` Do you have and opinion , a mind of your own ... '' `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' is the best song on the album because of the emotion . That 's probobly the best thing about Garbage , their emotion . I mean Shirley Manson 's voice is emotional but the band also makes their instruments -LRB- especially guitar -RRB- sound so emotional , like their saying something to you or for example in `` Special '' The guitar somehow sounds like it 's crying . That is a rare skill and talent that deserves an award . But they lost at the Grammy 's and the '98 VMA 's , what 's left ? Well they did finally win a Video Music Award for Best Special Effects in a Video for `` Special '' in 1999 . That makes Version 2.0 the best CD ever made in the history of music . Now , when is Version 3.0 going to come out ?
 Birth name Shirley Ann MansonOrigin Edinburgh , ScotlandInstrument -LRB- s -RRB- Vocals , keyboards , guitarAngelfishGarbageNow , Garbage is not technically a Darkwave band . However , Shirley Manson 's synthesizer arrangements have a similar sound to the Darkwave genre . She is very progressive -LRB- and ahead of her time , musically , especially in the 90 's -RRB- . Garbage has a unique sound , which stood out in the `` Grunge '' era.They have stayed true to their own creative vision.Shirley Manson will always be one of my favorite vocalist . Her lyrics and keyboard arrangements are pure genious!This is a five star ablum !
 When I first heard Push It
 Lots of danceable tracks with strong influences from electronica make this album one that you wo n't want to leave home without . But do n't stop there ... listen to the lyrics , and you 'll be pleasantly surprised to know that music heavy on the techno side can be good for the soul , too .
 This CD is a wonderful outstanding effort . My only worry is that they put all their eggs in one basket ... How can they do better than this one ? Every song is a wonder of its own . My favorites `` Special '' , and `` Temptation Waits '' . In my opinion this should of won as best CD of the year at the grammies over Lauryn Hill handsdown . Do n't miss this one .
 This is now doubt 1 of the best albums of 1998 . It is very reminiscent of the debut , but the more I listened to it , the more it was a little too much on the techno side . Shirley 's voice saves that , though . The 1st track `` Temptation waits '' reminded me a lot of the power that `` Supervixon '' had , & `` Special '' was better before radio started killing it . And just like the 2 slow songs in the debut , the slow tracks 8 & 12 have the same hypnotic effect . I overplayed this ALMOST as much as the debut , & even though I like the debut a little more because of the slightly darker tone , I was n't disappointed with this cd . Garbage just plain rocks .
 This album even tops their first album which was also very amazing . Go buy this CD it 's great !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This album even tops their first album which was also very amazing . Go buy this CD it 's great !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is the best GARBAGE album yet.Shirley Manson uses her sexy voice to absorb you into the music e.g `` The trick is to keep breathing '' . The lyrics are great and the music is well done . Some of the music are dark but its very much enjoyable listening . Hit the repeat button on your CD player and let ths one play on and on ...
 the album is juz GREAT ... . Actually too SUPERB to comment ... It would be EXCELLENT to buy this album , Version 2.0 . An AMAZING album definitly not to be missed ...
 Yet again Butch Vig and the boys successfully back up leadist Shirley Manson 's sultry voice with compelling samples and hard rock finesse . Lyrical the album is stunning . Much different , but not better ... and definitely not worse that the self title debut , which I love as well .
 It 's hard to top the first album that I got when I was 9 but this one almost does it . GET IT !!! Or if you are repelled@by the negative comments of others , DO ME A FAVOR AND GET THE FIRST!!!!@If you are going to read a book read Dangerous Angels
 This is my all-time favorite CD . THe songs are so great I never get tired of them . Anyone who loves music should get Version 2.0 . Shirley Manson is a BIG influence for me .
 this cd is so damn good , right up there with the pink debut ! i ca n't wait for the next album from them , shirly manson just is so cool ... !
 Version 2.0 is the band Garbage 's best album yet . Possibly the best album of all time . It is my favorite c.d. I have and I listen to it constitly . It deserves 5 stars , and kicks butt !
 Shirley Manson will one day be compared to the greatest figures in the history of music -LRB- i.e. Beethoven , Mozart , Duke Ellington , Chrissie Hynde , Janis Joplin , Aretha Franklin , etc. -RRB- . Her talent is just so overwhelming ! My daughter , Jenna Marie Betz , an aspiring musician and poetess , is so deeply inspired by Shirley 's lyrics and music .
 This CD is soooo ... GOOD !!! This is one of my favorite CDs . The songs are so BOMB !! :-RRB- I especially like `` Temptation Waits '' , `` Sleep Together '' , `` When I Grow '' , and `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' . THE WHOLE CD IS GOOD !!! You will NEVER get tired of listening to this ! I also recommend Garbage 's 1995 CD , `` Garbage '' .
 This CD is soooo ... GOOD !!! This is one of my favorite CDs . The songs are so BOMB !! :-RRB- I especially like `` Temptation Waits '' , `` Sleep Together '' , `` When I Grow '' , and `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' . THE WHOLE CD IS GOOD !!! You will NEVER get tired of listening to this ! I also recommend Garbage 's 1995 CD , `` Garbage '' .
 Anyone who wants to hear the best dance/rock/pop music of the year would do well to buy Garbage 's `` version 2.0 '' Contrary to the name of the band , the music is anything but garbage . I find myself playing the tunes in my head all day . You will find yourself humming along in spite of yourself . Maybe even dancing . This music is definitely addicting and I recommend it for any music lover .
 This is one of the best CDs of the year . Garbage does all different types of music well .
 I would love to say that I 've been a garbage fan since the release of their first album in 95 ' , but I only first heard of them this year . Version 2.0 is an amazing album that I never get tired of . And if you think Garbage sounds great on CD , you should hear them in concert . WOW .
 The cd is so awesome . In my opinion it is something different -LRB- unlike those dime a dozen bands -RRB- . The music has mostly a fast beat with catchy sing-a-long tunes . Definitely worth the cost !! It appeals to all types of music .
 Shirley Manson is amazing . The c.d. is better than the last one . If you 're going to buy one c.d. buy this one .
 well what can i say ... garbage is a great and talented band , but after awhile the music kinda gets on your nerves ... shirley has a nice voice ... its a godd whisper type voice but its nice ... but she tends to sing so slow ... it makes me want to say `` okay hurry up already '' you dont have to be able to sing great to be a lead singer ... as long as you have the ability to capture the listener ... and this can sorta do that , , , , , , the choruses are cool ... its just that she takes ten minutes to get there ... like it takes her 6 seconds to say `` i am a wolf , but ... '' but its done in a good way . tracks 1-12 temptation waits 1 . is good ... and a nice chorus with lots of beatsi think im paronoid 2 . harder rock with a nice evil sweetness to itwhen i grow up 3 . good for 10 years olds , except i love the line `` rip it up to shreds and let it go `` medication 4 . pretty song with a gothic ring to itspecial 5 . nice for those who hate their ex lovers and feel like listening to `` oooohhh ahahahaahhh `` all day.hammering in my head 6 . too techno and way to long at the end ... should of ended like a minute ago ... its to strung out . . have to turn it off at that long point.push it 7 . great song ... more angry . . yet pretty and it keeps me awake ... good song ... -LRB- first single -RRB- the trick is to keep breathing 8 . beautiful song with pretty lyricsdumb 9 . an okay song ... a little less techno would be nice but thats garbage so i guess its one of the good tracks.sleep together 10 . a little x-rated ... and it doesnt really move me in any way ... in fact i dont listen to it at all . `` if we sleep together ... would you like me better ... if we cum together ... well go down forever `` kinda cheap huh?wicked ways 11 . a rocka-billy track with a religion talk in it ... its a good song.you look so fine 12 . best song on the cd ... powerful ... the music and the vocals can make you cry and smile.the best songs on the cd are trick is to keep breathing andyou look so fine theres my review .
 Garbage has created an album that was well worth the Best Album nomination . The synthesized beats are awesome , especially in `` hammering in my head '' -LRB- my favorite track . -RRB- shirley 's vocals are awesome , and she shows that she can sweetly sing in the ballad `` you look so fine '' but also shows her hard-core side in `` i think im paranoid '' . an album that pleases both rock and techno lovers . go get it !
 This album is Garbage 's second and you can notice the improvment they 've made since the first album - ` Garbage ' , this band had grown up and this sure leaves a mark on their songs . Somehow tough lyrics such as those appear in ' I think I 'm paranoid ' combines so beautifully with soft and melodic songs such as ` You look so fine ' . version 2.0 is an excellent choice for everybody even if at first garbage sounds to rough for his ear . In conclusion-A MUST HAVE , it will change your life , it sure changed mine !!
 they now capture a more mid 20s to mid 30s audience with ease . the fact that have had popular songs on dawsons creek ensures a more younger market too
 Heavy glam rock is what this band is all about . Their mix of heavy techno and heavy alternative rock makes this band unique and special . . oh yes by the track on this CD . Very good CD , Garbage is original and great to rock out to and also to mellow out to ... buy the CD !
 I was just wandering around the site and added this one to my order . I am completely glad I did . My wife loves it . I love it . We sometimes fight over who gets it during the day .
 THIS CD IS SO GREAT !!! I LISTEN TO IT ALL THE TIME . THERE IS ONLY ABOUT 2 SONGS THAT I DO N'T LIKE . GO OUT AND BUT IT NOW !!!
 this is a really good cd . i think that the song '' i think i 'm paranoid '' is a funny song . and the rest of the cd is great
 `` When I Grow Up '' , `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' , `` Wicked Ways '' , `` Push It '' , and `` Medication '' are sheer brilliance and the fun and light-heartedness of so many tough subjects is inspiring . Think Courtney Love spliced with Aqua . Funky , audacious , entertaining and more , this album is a pure treasure to own . `` Sleep Together '' and `` You Look so Fine '' are true masterpieces . What are you waiting for ? Buy it !
 Shirley Manson 's voice is to die for . Her vocals along with the band 's ability and wide range of song styles make for music you can never get enough of . With Version 2.0 , the band gets a little less dark and a little more up-beat , but still good hardcore Garbage . Great CD !
 garbage is one of the best alternative bands of the 90s . unfortunaly they sold out big time with their 3rd TERRIBLE album , but as far as i 'm concered its like 2 different bands.version 02 . contains just about everything-it has a very deep lyrics , strong , cinical . and the combination between rock and techno is amazing -LRB- i 'm not a big fan of electronic music -RRB- . u 'll find everything in this cd - from kicking bitchy songs to ballads.a masterpeice .
 This was one of my first cd 's , i was in highschool and not many people liked this kind of cd , while everyone was buying poof diddy cd 's , i got this and also i reccomend the older cd ... im so glad i bought it and i love all the songs . . buy it now !! your missing out if you do n't ...
 This CD has quickly become my favorite . Every song is catchy without them all sounding the same . Every day I like this CD more . Shirley Manson is amazing . She sings her heart out in every song . Some of my favorite 's are `` Temptation waits '' ; `` I think I 'm paranoid '' ; `` When I grow up '' ; `` Medication '' ; `` Special '' and `` Push it '' I am suddenly a huge GARBAGE fan . I recommend you pick this one up !
 ... with all the other glowing reviews . I just want to add ... this is great headphone music ! Put on this CD and some really good bass-boost stereo headphones . You will be blissed-out !
 I am a huge fan of Garbage . I became a bigger fan when I recently saw them live in concert where I live . The band played a lot of songs from their recent album `` Beautiful Garbage '' and `` Version 2.0 '' , with a few songs from their self-titled debut thrown in . Shirley Manson is perhaps my very favorite female vocalist . Her Scottish accent is so thick it adds another layer to the band 's songs . I do n't know which is my very favorite Garbage album between the three albums . All are very good . It is too difficult to pick a favorite . I recently popped in `` Version 2.0 '' for the first time in months . I almost forgot just how good this album is . The band 's self-titled album introduced us to a Scottish lass named Shirley Manson . `` Version 2.0 '' shows the progress the band has made since their eponymous debut album . The production is less muddled and more clean and crisp yet with a raw edge to it , allowing the music to sound organic despite the synthesizers used to add another layer to the band 's blend of pop , rock , techno music . I think Shirley sounds the sexiest during `` Wicked Ways '' . The song has that snappish beat that adds an alluring edge to Shirley 's vocals . Hearing `` Temptation Waits '' brings back memories of Garbage 's concert at First Avenue back in May . My favorite song on this album -LRB- other than `` Wicked Ways '' -RRB- , has to be the slow ballad `` Medication '' . Very trip hoppy . The song is very soothing . Almost like `` Milk '' -LRB- from `` Garbage '' -RRB- . I absolutely adore the singles `` Special '' , `` When I Grow Up '' , `` Push It '' , and `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' . I consider those songs my personal theme songs . `` Version 2.0 '' is definitely a big improvement from the band 's debut album -LRB- as good as it is -RRB- . It is also a reminder to why I love this band so much , lyrically and musically .
 This is the most incredible albums of the decade . A grungy , furious , but universal style is quite strong on the CD . I thought every single track was very impressive and well developed , and had a very different approach that worked very well at the same time ! Garbage has done it again with Version 2.0 , while breaking away from their past album 's theme , they have used the old with the new , and morphed it into a very strong and beautiful track listing . You must buy this record-it really is a rarity to hear such good music that is n't the manufactured piddle we hear constantly on the radio . This is a classic folks .
 Every once in a while there is an album where all the songs are good . This is one such album . Shirley Manson 's awesome voice is better portrayed in this album than their debut release .
 I love this album and I love `` Garbage '' . Highly recommend to purchase .
 The perfect mix of Garbage 's self titled more grungy album and the almost completly techno inspired outing Beautiful Garbage , Version 2.0 strikes a perfect balance for me . Shirley 's sultry croons are at their peak and her lyrical content is both fun -LRB- I Think I 'm Paranoid -RRB- and emotional -LRB- You Look So Fine -RRB- . Their is n't really one piece of filler on this album , it 's not extremly complex and layered , but every song meshes together and comes up with a great sound.My favorite songs are You Look So Fine , Dumb , and Special .
 I have been a Garbage fan ever since I bought their first album back in ' 96 . They obviously put a lot of effort , energy and thought into the debut album , and they did n't get lazy with this one , either ! Each album is excellent . `` Garbage '' -LRB- the debut -RRB- is more solid-every song is really good-not to mention `` Stupid Girl , '' `` Only Happy When It Rains , '' etc. which are awesome . Any shortcomings found on `` Version 2.0 '' when compared to `` Garbage '' are almost made up for with `` I Think I 'm Paranoid , '' `` Special , '' `` The Trick is to Keep Breathing , '' and especially `` PUSH IT . '' I 'm 27 , and if you ask me in 50 years I 'll be 77 and still declaring my admiration and appreciation of `` Push It , '' which is just one of the great rock songs of all time . This album is a must for any music lover ! You 'll love it !
 When garbage arrived in 1995 , alternative music took a completely different turn . This band has taken rock and fused it with electronic elements.So now their back with Version 2.0 , a cyber pop/rock grab bag full of listenable , radio-friendly tunes . The album opens with `` Temptation Waits '' , with Shirley Manson warding off lovers at first , with a few secret identities
 This C.D has to be one of the best C.D 's of the 90 's . It has many excelent songs such as `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' -LRB- My Favorite -RRB- , `` Wicked Ways '' and Special . It is a must buy for anybody who likes rock/pop mix .
 Easily one of my favority CD 's . Ever . I have been listening to Version 2.0 for two years now and I still have n't tired of it . I 've recommended it to all that I know and nobody has been disappointed - I guarantee that you wo n't be either . `` Push It '' , `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' and my favorite , `` Special '' are the high-points of the CD -LRB- do n't worry - they 're ALL good -RRB- . I ca n't say enough great things about this CD !
 I bought this CD about a year ago and I have n't stopped listening to it since then . All of the songs are good . This CD is much better than Garbage -LRB- their first album -RRB- . Go ahead and BUY it !
 And that 's a lot of saying , the last one was extremely sticky ... This one is twice as sticky ! Fav song
 `` Version 2.0 '' is an excellent album from rock/pop group , ` Garbage ' . `` When I Grow Up '' and `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' are the best tracks on this fantastic rock and pop album . Five stars .
 While I only give Blondie 5 stars , Garbage is my next all-time favorite band ! This album really cemented that fact ! Both Garbage albums are 4 stars and I recommend owning both ! Verson 2.0 has a great guitar sound ! And with songs Like `` Special '' and `` Push It '' Shirley Manson embodies the meaning of the phrase `` hell hath no fury like a woman scorned ! '' Buy this cd ! I wo n't steer you wrong !
 Garbage 's music is techno with Shirley Manson 's smooth voice fronting it . In fact , her attitude in the `` Push It '' was the first thing that attracted me to the band . I love the songs `` Temptation Waits '' , `` Dumb '' , `` Wicked Ways '' , and `` You Look So Fine '' . I hope they come out with new music soon .
 Seven words
 I must say this is a good album . It has these energetic dance beets everywhere , sometime where you least expect them over loud crunching guitars and even slow dreamy picking off a clean tone . Butch Vig is incredibly talented , and this album clearly shows it . On of the best albums of 1998 .
 After buying it when it came out , I 've been unable to stop playing it ! Personally , I like it a little more than the first album ! Anyone who does n't buy this album are missing out on something wonderful ! I ca n't wait for the next one ...
 I loved the first CD , but was doubtful about the 2cnd , since I 'm used to the first CD being the better one . -LRB- Alanis Morissette -RRB- I got a pleasant surpise , since this one is just as sweet as the first one !!!
 This cd is a work of art ! I love all the songs , -LRB- my favorites being `` You Look So Fine '' and `` Temptation Waits '' -RRB- . I can easily recommend this cd to anyone ! Their first cd was great too , and if you haev time , check out the official website .
 This album is simply the best . That 's all that needs to be said . Listen to the samples and be blown away .
 This is one of the most amazing CDs produced in years . It is one of those rare CDs that can be listened to from start to finish without skipping any songs . Each song is wonderful and the order is perfect.I purchased the CD when it was first released and still listen to it practically everyday .
 I love Version 2.0 , not only because it 's the second album from my ultimate favourite band ever , but because it 's songs fit most of my moods . -LRB- mainly , angry , vengeful , depressed -RRB- If you want revenge on someone , just pop in the disc and you 'll be good as new before you know it . But this time , Manson and the rest have thrown in a little more mellow moments as well . Great work !
 brilliant but some songs r really overplayed well i suppose that comes with fame -LRB- lol -RRB- :-RRB- hate the front cover though its just plain mean
 It 's such A COOL cd . I love the songs and the sound.I 'd give this cd 100 stars if I could.I loved the songs , lyrics and the sound of the group !!!
 The first album was a masterpiece firmly placing Garbage as my favorite band of all time . When I heard the second album for the first time I ruined a perfectly good pair of underpants and thanked God for giving me ears . 5 stars ? HA ! 5,000 would n't do this album justice !
 Garbage have taken time to settle in and become a band that everyone knows and loves . The first album was average but showed me what heights this band could achieve . This album is what they have achieved and it has some great tracks that are just so good . If we sleep together and The trick is to keep breathing are the best two . There are a few in here that they could of done without but the great tracks make up for it , it is worth listening to and if you like thumping tunes , play this .
 The first CD was great , this CD is great , and they are about fifty times that great live !!!! All you need to do is get to a concert and listen to `` When I grow up '' Live once , and you 'll be hooked for life !!! TRUST ME !!! AWESOME CD !!!!!!
 This is the my favourite CD , but I 'm not terribly surprised . They 're a wonderful group , with great music . This CD belongs in every collection .
 Love this album , it 's really great . It got some catchy tunes . This is a run-trough , you put the disc in the cd-player and simply push the play button ... !!!!!
 What I said . Buy it and stuff . It 's good . I like . Garbage does n't sound like garbage . They sound good . Oh yeah . Buy it and stuff too .
 this is basically a non-stop singles parade that could take over the earth.i mean every musical angle is covered . and shirley , wow !!!!!!!! those vocals .
 Garbage 's Version 2.0 is one of my favorite albums of all time . It is one of those albums that gets better every time you listen to it . And it never gets old . Give it a little time , it is well worth it
 A great CD !! Techno dance craze all the way !! Every song will stick with you and you 'll get right up and dance !
 This CD is nothing short of brilliance ! Garbage gives us a second dose of their unique and amazing sound . Not since the death of Kurt Cobain has such inovating music been produced . This is easily one of the greatest CD 's of the 90 's and is a must for any true music lover .
 The part i like about this CD is that every song is real QUALITY music not a dull track in sight And I absolutely love the track ` You look so fine ' Brings back memorys of litening to MILK on the first Album !!!! it ends on a awesome song
 Not many cd 's can grab your attention and keep it for very long . Version 2.0 , however , is one of the elite few who will have you praying for Garbage 's next cd ! So every one , go out there and buy this cd cause it has to be the best I have ever heard !
 if you love garbage this is the one to have.GREAT songs such as `` i think i 'm paranoid '' , special , `` when i grow up '' and push it.this is a deffenet one to get.if it 's $ 16.00 or E16 .00 or whatever it costs . version 2.0 is an essentail alblum.so go and buy it and add it to your collection .
 if you love garbage this is the one to have.GREAT songs such as `` i think i 'm paranoid '' , special , `` when i grow up '' and push it.this is a deffent one to get.if it 's $ 16.00 or E16 .00 or whatever it costs . version 2.0 is an essentail alblum.so go and buy it and add it to your collection .
 There is no competition ... this is my undisputed , absolute favorite CD -LRB- since the last release from Garbage -RRB- . Version 2.0 is addicting , from the lively -LRB- and occasionally erratic -RRB- techno beats to Shirley Manson 's breathy , seductive verbal catharsis -LRB- laser recodred for our enjoyment ! -RRB- , it leaves you yearning for more . This CD takes a person on a sort of emotional roller coaster . From `` Temptation Waits '' , a celebration of dependance and obsession to `` You look so fine '' a melancholy longing for `` ever after '' -LRB- i.e. riding of into sun sets and such ... -RRB- It 's a trip and I fully endorse it -LRB- regardless of my insignificance -RRB- . BUY IT ALREADY !
 At times it sounds techno , but not for a bad thing I 'd say . Garbage just gets better and better , more soul and feeling in the music and the beat . Their style keeps on improving also , love the video , and love that I-don ` t-care attitude the band throws at you .
 Garbage : Version 2.0 , is the best cd i have had in a long time . This cd is an absolute best buy , i highly recommend it .
 When I first listened to this , I noticed how much technology was being used and it sounded overly techno , so I hated it . After a few more listens , I realized how great the song writing was , and the techno-stuff was just used to enhance the listening experience . I feel that this is a much better album than the first . This album is written and made to fit well together and run smoothly . The first album rules but it 's more choppy and there are a few songs that are n't as good . Buy this , it 's well worth the money . If Lauryn Hill did n't get album of the year , this should have .
 From the titanium pop of I Think I 'm Paranoid to blistering techno of Hammering in My Head , Version 2.0 never disappoints . Every song could be a single , and nearly half of them are . The band constructs strong songs , sometimes based on other songs sometimes not , built on well-crafted electronic soundscapes that sound fresh and intriguing .
 This cd maintains an upbeat sound throughout play , with great vocals by Shirley Manson and also some great sounds coming from the guitarists . This cd is a must have for all modern music fans .
 I bought this CD a couple weeks ago . The more I listen to it , the more I like it . I think it 's one of the best CDs I have ever bought .
 i loved their first album and this one is even better i can listen to every single song on here and i love them all ... this is my ablsolute favorite band and i always jump at the chance to buy their next single or a soundtrack with them on it ...
 EVER SINCE I FIRST HEARD `` PUSH IT '' , I KNEW I HAD TO KNOW MORE ABOUT GARBAGE . I FINALLY BOUGHT THE CD , DEBATING WHETHER IT WAS GOING TO BE WORTH IT . LITTLE DID I REALIZE IT WAS ONE OF THE BEST CD 'S I 'VE EVER INVESTED IN ! IT 'S BEEN 5 MONTHS SINCE I 'VE HAD IT AND I STILL LISTEN TO IT . I JUST LOVE HOW THE BEAT SEEMS TO BE SO ELECTRONIC . I THINK IT 'S AN AWESOME CD . I LOVE IT !
 omfg !!! the best album from a beautifully talented redhead ... redheads do have more fun !
 Many may of pushed this band aside right from the get go.I did i was n't into electronic sounds like featured all over this album.To my surprise this album is perfect . -LRB- My opinion -RRB- Garbage pulled their best efforts on this , the first track can give you a good idea of what you 're in for -LRB- `` Temptation Waits '' -RRB- . All the songs on this album are fantastic.Vocally this album would crumble without such talented vocals.Tension and release is bassically what these songs sound like.You feel the energy build up in the intro and then goes the build up and you get a woundeful sound from it.Butch Vig recorded this album possibly even better then Nirvana 's `` Nevermind '' that says alot . `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' sounds like a party song of the 90 's but was mixed so well it still feels crisp . `` When I Grow Up '' features a dark tint in the opening then evolves into an upbeat addictive song . -LRB- Some of us souly know of this from 1999 's `` Big Daddy '' -RRB- Electrified , energized , and pumped justifying this to be an instant classic.All the sounds will make your head spin so much genre bending it makes you wonder why would they name a band Garbage ?
 Punk-pop 's cyber-Beatles continue to refine the formula that propelled the band 's superlative 1995 debut album . The instrumental / production triumvirate of Butch Vig , Duke Erickson and Steve Marker is among the smartest sonic architectural firms in contemporary music
 I have loved Garbage for a long time now ... and I have her first two CD 's and I am so excited that she 's come out with another one . Shirley is AWESOME ! I love her voice . . and I do n't believe that anyone else has a voice like hers . Garbage ROCKS !!
 This is almost as good as the debut album if not better , the diffrence is that the sound had become a bit more poppier and happy , a little more techno influented too on `` Version 2.0 . -LRB- Check `` Push it '' and `` Hammering in my head '' -RRB- . The songs are just as strong though and the lyrics as well , Shirley Manson had more influence in the sound then on the first album i think , her voice is wonderful and make the songs reach another level . `` Push it '' and `` I Think Im Paranoid '' are catchy up tempo songs while `` Special '' is a wonderful ballad that was even grammy nominated , `` You look so fine '' is yet another great ballad . All of the songs could have been single released cause they are more or less equally good . Garbage is not your average pop band , they make pop-rock but it 's smart and entertaining . Another great 90 's album i fully recommend .
 This is my all time fave Garbage CD , if not my favorite CD -LRB- competing with No Doubt of course ! -RRB- . It feels like such a personal connection to me ... like you are really getting to know Shirley Manson . It is hynotic and alluring . My favorite songs are probably Temptation Waits -LRB- I love her metaphor in the very begining about being a wolf , and later a vampire -RRB- , Wicked Ways -LRB- it seems so naughty but nice , somehow -RRB- , Hammering in my Head -LRB- everyone HAS to love the part saying ` you should be sleeping my love ... ' ; it is so eerie and again , hynotic -RRB- , and the beautiful ballad You look So Fine -LRB- possibly my fave on the CD ... it seems really expossing like you are looking in on her life and soul -RRB- .
 What can I say ? It is a truly wonderful thing when a band comes along and puts out an album where the singer 's -LRB- gorgeous -RRB- appearance is one of its more inferior qualities . Therefore , you can only imagine my intense fruition when this band puts out a second album which clashes head-to-head with -LRB- maybe even surpasses ??? -RRB- the quality of its first album . Twelve tracks and not one of them dipping down even into the mediocre range . The more I listen to this , the more I want to listen to it .1 . TEMPTATION WAITS
 If I had to choose 5 CDs to take with me to a desert island , this would be one of them . Another classic from Garbage , following their incredible self-titled debut , but this is even better . There is not one bad song on this album , in fact most of them are pretty damn near perfect . If nothing gets stirred up inside you when you here Shirley Manson singing `` I think I 'm PARANOID '' , then you should probably go see the doctor . Buy this - you will not regret it .
 I first became a Garbage fan when I heard a friend play `` Stupid Girl '' so I borrowed his copy of Version 2.0 he had at the time too when it first came out and two days later I bought myself a copy because this was a remarkable CD then and still is to this day . The vocals and darkness of the album are intoxicating and the lyrics plunge deep , even with deep double meanings at times . `` Temptation Waits '' opens the CD and actually proves a good song to start with , even with the title because this CD seems to chronicle from temptation to consumation and regret at the end of the CD . `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' chronicles the stress and tension and emotional confusion whereas `` When I Grow Up '' seems to still have the confusion but more insanity and unbridled nature . `` Medication '' is one of the darkest songs on the album and almost completely hopeless . `` Special '' attacks someone who seems good and precious at one point but proves horrid in the end . `` Hammering In My Head '' sets the stage for a temptation to lust and following that primal lust while `` Push It '' just essentially explicitly spells out exactly what is wanted . `` Trick Is to Keep Breathing '' slows down from the speed of `` Push It '' as if it creates more rhythm and sensuality . `` Dumb '' hits hard with lyrics and rough and brashly and `` Sleep Together '' asks the questions of whether giving into carnality will make a person like you more or not . `` You Look So Fine '' is still one of the best tracks Garbage has ever produced and it 's absolutely beautiful while dark and desparate to keep the one that is loved even if it 's a brutal love that is fake , it 's worth keeping up the image and everything that it entails . This CD actually made Garbage more known commercially but it also pioneered electronic rock too with very charged lyrics and subject matter before the commercialization and still proves one of my favorite albums ever .
 Oh my God yes !!! What an album . I loved their debut album when it came out in 1995 . I thought Garbage created an album that succeeded Nirvana 's Nevermind album . `` Only Happy When It Rains '' was more an anthem to me than `` Smells Like Teen Spirit '' ever was -LRB- and yes I am a heterosexual male thank you -RRB- . Then came a long this little ditty . I was n't expecting much , because I never thought Garbage could top their first album ... . I was totally wrong . `` Version 2.0 '' starts with the quiet intro to `` Temptation Waits '' and then kicks in full gear during the chorus . YES !!! `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' comes so close to being just as good as `` Only Happy When It Rains '' . But it 's when I heard `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' that I lost all bodily control and freaked out . What an amazing song . Every track on this album is great !! I mean that . I am not lying . Every track . This is like a greatest hits package , but the ironic thing is , it 's just a normal album that Garbage made . It was up for best album of the year for the Grammy 's . -LRB- Not that I care much for the Grammy 's -RRB- but they even acknowledge the scope of how great an album `` Version 2.0 '' is . This is without a doubt , one of the best albums ever made . Ever !! ... . and I 'm not lying : -RRB-
 Garbage avoids the sophomore slump and somehow surpasses their self-titled debut with this effort . `` Special '' is a number-one hit , as are `` Push it '' and `` I think I 'm paranoid '' . `` When I grow up '' is the perfect workout song for those interested . `` Version 2.0 '' is Garbage 's most successful album to date and is so for a reason .
 This Cd is one of the best !! Garbage again produces an uclassifiable album . It has sultry vocals , teasing lyrics , and an uncomparible beat !! The best track I would have to say is Dumb . It ties the previous album to this one !!
 After missing theirr recent Toronto concert at the phoenix -LRB- sold out in 20 minutes ! -RRB- , and reading reviews , I had to buy this CD . So I did ... I liked the first album but I LOVE version 2.0 . Everything from the clever Album title to the amazing mix of wonderful songs made me fall in love with garbage for real !!! If you 're at all unsure about garbage , just buy this CD and see what happens ... . But do n't forget to get your concert tickets as soon as they go on sale !
 Rarely does an album come about that plays so smoothly that you do n't notice the changes in tracks , yet is lively enough to keep the music interesting . Enigma -LRB- 3-Le roi ... -RRB- and Garbage -LRB- Version 2.0 -RRB- do that beautifully .
 An excellent album ... builds on what they 've done before , yet takes their music to a new level.This is one of those `` rare '' albums in which all of the songs are great ... It will spend a lot of time in your CD player .
 Garbage 's first album has been & still is one of my all time favourites . But as with most bands , they 'll probably get the recognition they deserve on this second album . But if you missed the first album , you missed a lot . On their first album , every song is provocative & unique . There 's a range of emotion & tone that i 'm not quite finding on this new album . Yet , each time i listen to the new album it grows on me , more & more . I hear they worked really hard to perfect this album . What i appreciated was the raw sex appeal the first album had , it left me feeling somewhat uncomfortable . On 2.0 , the songs seem too perfected , too finished at times . Unlike the instant attraction to the first release , this album grows on me , each time i listen . My favourites on this album are When i grow up & Push it . The musical style is fantastic & the lyrics ... written by a woman who fears nothing . Volatile & vulnerable simultaneously , she 's interesting to relate to . This is a CD meant to be played very very loud , for full effect . It grows on you more each time .
 Garbage 's underappreciated eponymous debut is without a doubt among the best albums of the Nineties , probably in history . `` Version 2.0 '' does n't miss a beat . Fans of the first album wo n't be disappointed with the second one -LRB- and vice versa -RRB- . `` Temptation Waits '' and `` The Trick is to Keep Breathing '' are the gems , but `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' -LRB- not an Elastica rip ; both bands are great but their sounds are hardly similar -RRB- , `` When I Grow Up '' , and `` Push It '' are also excellent . In all , a truly excellent album .
 I have been a fan of heavy metal for years and when I heard this CD I thought that it was incredible . From the first track to the last it is interesting to listen to . It is the first album in a while that really makes me want to listen to it over and over .
 This is a great CD and all I can say is that if you 're a fan of the first album ... you have to get this one .
 OK , here 's the deal ; Garbage debut was great , no question about it . But the new album is better . It is even better produced and contains even better material . If you liked the `` Push it '' - single , you will be glad to know that the album is packed with other great tracks . Buy it . It is the same as with computer software ; if you have n't got the latest version then you are not playing the game . You are not even anywhere near the field .
 garbage has come light years from their first release . this cd is a no brainer ... must buy ! the real highlights are `` when i grow up '' and `` the trick is to keep breathing ''
 Garbage never fails to amaze me with their music . This album delivers incredible songs from an incredible band . This is a must-have !
 I bought this cd on a whim after hearing Push It on the radio , and did n't regret it one bit . So many times I purchase a cd because of one song , and I 'm disappointed . Not this time . Every song is excellent .
 If You Like Natalie Imbruglia You Will Like This One ALso . This CD definitly Has The Same Flavor And The Quality of The Recording is Excellent .
 I like this CD so much I do n't listen to much else anymore except for Space Ghost 's Musical Bar-B-Q . If you are in one mood , listen to `` I think I 'm Paranoid '' . If you are in another , listen to Dumb , or One of the first three . I first saw the video of `` I think I 'm Paranoid '' on TV about a month ago , and I HAD to get the CD . I COMMAND YOU TO BUY IT !
 Although `` 2.0 '' does n't have any tracks to match `` Vow '' , it also does n't embarass you with songs as bad as `` Stupid Girl '' . If this sounds like faint praise it is n't meant to be -- this is a five star '90s pop record in the best sense of the words .
 Is this album for you ? Well if you 're a guy , ask yourself if you ever fantasized about Marsha Brady with pierced nipples ? Or Cindy strung out on heroin ? Or how about Maryanne from Gilligans Island redux as doninatrix ? What am I getting at ? Well , just as these images mix the naughty with the nice , so does Shirley Manson & GarbageI love good pop , but not ear-candy . Catchy hooks , intelligent lyrics , attitude , and well BALLS ! Garbage offers all of this in their latest effort which will be no dissappointment to those who got hip to their first outing . It 's the dark side of alternative dance-pop . Good Girls can groove even though its the kind of music mommy warned them about , and Bad Boys can bop to it without feeling wimpy . It 's grunge-pop ... industrial ear candy . No sophomore slump here -- they actually upped the ante.Shirley Manson is a rarity in music today
 I had never heard Garbage before I listened to Version 2.0 at a listening kiosk at Tower Records , but I was immediately hooked . It 's like a modernized Pretenders on steroids . I 'd definitely recommend it . END
 Garbage 's higly anticipated second cd three years after their first is a must have for all Garbage fans . It has a faster and more up-beat tempo . Garbage has been nominated 8 times for the video to their great song , `` Push It . '' I 'm sure that they 'll when all 8 . I highly recommend this cd .
 I may not be as passionate about this group as I once was but they 're still , and always will be , one of my all-time favorite rock bands . I 've seen them in concert twice now and they 're just as good , if not better , live , and I absolutely love listening to Shirley Manson breathlessly speak to the hyped up crowd with her heavy English accent after jumping around the stage while singing a familiar tune.The self-titled debut album by Garbage was my first actual record -LRB- the `` Queer '' video beckoned me to follow -RRB- and I 've been hooked ever since . Despite the less-than-cheery lyrics , their music helped me through some tough times in my life and kept me sane as my parents moved me from place to place in my early teens . I 'm older now and can easily account for the fact that my tastes have broadened over the years -LRB- I 've got a huge CD collection to prove it -RRB- but I always return to ` Version 2.0 ' when everything else becomes yesterday 's news , so to speak . Their sophomore release passed the tragic curse so many groups befall after a successful beginning -LRB- or so I should think with all these 5 star reviews -RRB- , and while their journey forward looks humble indeed , I 'm certainly not the only one to think that they deserved the Grammy over Sheryl Crow for best Rock album a few years back . I 'm still bitter over that undeserved loss but I 'm grateful they were at least nominated for the prestigious award . I do not wish to dwell on the past though . I 'm just so impressed with this record and believe it to be their best work to date . Not only did they dodge the possibility of failure their second time around but they also shut the bashful critics up for a while who claimed that Butch Vig was the real genius keeping Garbage together and that Shirley was holding the group back from their true abilities , which is ridiculous because Garbage would n't be the same without her special touch . Growth in all corners is evident on ` Version 2.0 ' and the songs are more refined here . Their hypnotic blend of rock and electronica - not to mention Manson 's punk-like attitude - quickly sucks the listener in and keeps them coming back for more . When I first saw them perform live , I could n't help but notice what an eclectic array of people they draw in , and that 's likely the reason for their international fame because so many individuals can identify with their preferred style.I 've been putting off writing a review on this for quite some time now because I 've always found it difficult to put words together to give this album justice but ` Version 2.0 ' should be in everyone 's collection.This will be with me forever . I even had to replace it once because I wore it out from excessive playing .
 Version 2.0 is easily one of the best albums of the past decade . The electronic rhythms blend seamlessly with Shirley Manson 's voice . Possessing one of the sexiest voices in music today , Manson is a calculating seductress . In fact , Manson 's vocals are the only thing that remains consistent from the band 's self-titled debut . The sonic assault of the rest of Garbage is noticeably shiny and polished . This does n't mean that they 've lost their edge though . The songs on Version 2.0 are better than those of the debut , whereas the debut 's seemed incomplete and inrealized , Verison 2.0 's are complete and competent.The album 's best tracks happen to be the slower songs . `` The Trick is to Keep Breathing '' and `` You Look So Fine '' showcase Manson 's voice at its most wistful , and quietly sexy . Somehow though , the listener gets the impression that she 's hiding her freaky side on `` You Look So Fine . '' For Garbage , the arrangement on `` Medication '' is relatively sparse , giving it a barren , desolate feel that suits Garbage well . Manson accents `` Medication '' with gut-wrenching vocals.The faster numbers are absolute stunners . `` Sleep Together '' resonates with an intoxicating mix of electronic bleeps and guitars , but it still ca n't compete with the album 's opener , `` Temptation Waits , '' which starts with a wintery aura , and features a blisteringly cold chorus . One of the album 's surprise highlights is `` Hammering in My Head , '' with its whirlwind of sonic flourishes and breakneck pace , it also has an unrelenting and memorable guitar riff.It goes without saying that the four singles from this album combine Garbage 's rock-meets-electronic formula with fantastic results . All of their songs combine aggression , sleek sexiness , and sonic polish . Their intricate soundscapes are magnificently assembled collages of sound . Not many bands can pull off such a stunning album in their careers , but Garbage already have a perfect 2.0 record .
 You must listen to this album over and over to gain a full appreciation for it . There are so many expertly placed samples and sound combinations . Layers and layers of genius topped off with some spicy vocal performances .
 I 've had this cd for 2 years and I 've never grown tired of it . Here 's a short synopsis of each song : Temptation Waits - Did n't think I was going to like the song the first time I heard the beginning . Boy was I wrong ! It picks up when the bass comes in ! There are a lot of great vibrating sounds and riffs in the background.I Think I 'm Paranoid - Sounds really nice and poppy until those killer Garbage guitars come in . I especially like the scratch part after the second time the chorus is sung . Great song!When I Grow Up - An okay song . Pretty catchy and upbeat . It 's a little too poppy for me , though.Medication - The music of this song fits the context perfectly . I can just imagine an insane asylum -LRB- or hospital -RRB- whenever that chorus plays . Great song!Special - Upbeat , catchy , a lot like When I Grow Up but better ! There are some really cool vocal stacking effects in this song.Hammering in my Head - A cool fast-paced sex rant with strange lyrics . I really like the part in the middle where it slows down and sounds like a 30 's night club song . Filled with random riffs and loops!Push It - A very complex and catchy song . Second best track on the CD.The Trick is to Keep Breathing - BEST TRACK ! I love this song ! It 's absolutely perfect ! The soothing lyrics and the mellow strings combine to make the most relaxing and beautiful song EVER ! This is my favorite song of all time!Dumb - A great song with angry lyrics and heavy guitar riffs.Sleep Together - I really do n't like the lyrics in this song . Too X-rated . But I like the techno-like feel to the song.Wicked Ways - Love this song ! Great heavy metal like chorus and end-of-the-world lyrics ! I just do n't like the shuffle/swing beginning to the song.You Look So Fine - Kinda like The Trick is To Keep Breathing , but less soothing . This one 's more haunting and eery . My favorite part is at the very end with the piano and drums come back in after that string break .
 Garbage 's self-titled debut was a critically hailed triumph . It was a combination of sleek neo-feminism , gothic undertones , and alt-pop rhythms . Vocalist Shirley Manson could do it all -- she was Debbie Harry of Blondie , Dolores O'Riordan of the Cranberries , she was Chrissy Hynde of the Pretenders -- but she was still a leather-clad skanking flirt with a mean growl and a playful attitude . Her familiar yet simultaneously unique personality helped usher in the new era of alt-rock that dominated the late 90s . Despite Manson 's in-your-face affectations , their first effort , while remarkable and refreshing , was n't altogether groundbreaking . After nearly 3 years of intense recording and polishing , Garbage returned with a newer , glossier , and more catty version of their former selves.Sidelining -- although not totally adbandoning -- their grittier roots was a shrewd choice in the 90s , when a long attention span was hard to find . Garbage is still in all of their glory here -- the insane guitar riffs and acidic lyrics are intact . Here , it 's just done better . They take the guitar riffs and skewer them until they 're nearly indistinguishable , they take Manson 's growl and strecth it out to elastic proportions . Such intense experimentation is usually suicidal -- here , it 's more like a steroid shot to an ailing genre . Perhaps the most effective revelation on 2.0 was the full-on implementation of technopop . It 's everywhere here -- in between the beats of the punk chorus in `` I Think I 'm Paranoid , '' backing the ingeniously distorted guitars of `` Push It . '' Garbage did n't only write the book on crossover alternative pop/rock , they have it memorized and , for all intents and purposes , copywritten.Garbage is sugared up on romps like `` When I Grow Up '' and the double-entendre laden `` Hammering In My Head '' -- they 're echoic and icily profound on `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' and `` You Look So Fine '' -- they even manage to combine caustic wit and catty come-on with `` Sleep Together . '' Manson and Co. know no limitations when it comes to musical stylings , and this sort of unpredictability is what rock was meant to sound like .
 To think that , at first , I did n't particularly care for this one ... but one day , the brilliance struck me , and this has become one of my favourite albums ever . I can always find solace in its statements , its insecurities , and its loves.Each song is done in a sort of techno-centered spirit , but is filled with a strong sense of passion ... often vitriolic but always gripping.Some people think they were influenced by the equally amazing band Curve , but Garbage has always made music distinctly in their own spirit.Songs like `` Temptation Waits '' , `` Wicked Ways '' , `` Hammering In My Head '' , and `` When I Grow Up '' are only the tip of the ice berg for this spectacular feat.If you do n't have this , I feel sorry for you ... But remember ... you can always change that ; -RRB-
 I 'd love to write a critical review of this CD , but sadly I 've never heard this version . I 've been trying unsuccessfully for more than a year to order it , and each time I 've received the wrong CD
 Ok very cliche title for my review . . but it seriously can not be said enough . I bought their 3rd album first `` beautifulgarbage '' and feel instantly in love with it . Then I heard this one was even better so of course I went out and bought it . And yes it is BETTER ! This album is probably one of my favorites of my very large collection . So to say it is one of my favorites is an excellent compliment . Anyways this album has a very danceable electric feel yet they manage to blend in the perfect lyrics to all the songs . Superb really the whole thing . I like every song on here and that usually does n't happen.Here is what I think of the tracks : * 1 . Temptation Waits
 Shirley Manson is a fabulous singer , as she made clear in her first album , but then she went and topped herself with this masterpiece . While her first one was more slow and depressing , this CD has many more fast beats and clever lyrics . Also not as poetic , but great for dancing to .00001 > Temptation Waits - this song seems a little corny at first , but once you get into it , its hard to stop .00002 > I Think I 'm Paranoid - my personal favorite . When you first hear it it might seem bubble-gummy and bouncy , but when the guitars kick , in its pure genius . Perfect for dancing .00003 > When I Grow Up - has imaginative lyrics and fantastic guitar melodies , with good sound from the lead lady herself .00004 > Medication - one of the slower songs , but very powerful . Shirley sings low and sweet , and almost makes you want to help her .00005 > Special - My second favorite , a song about revenge and true feelings . A very good song to scream at your ex . Not that I would know .00006 > Hammering in my Head - Fast beat , rubber-band vibration , makes you hyper and want to freak-dance .00007 > Push It - hard to explain , its a song that 's both fast and slow at the same time . Exceptional vocals .00008 > The Trick is to Keep Breathing - Another slow song , not quite measuring up to the others , but still pretty good .00009 > Dumb - Angry-girl song that boils your blood .00010 > Sleep Together - Slow , vibrating rhythm that resounds in your head .00011 > Wicked Ways - the reason that I gave this album only 4 stars-I absolutely hate the beginning , the biker-chick beat . As the song continues , however , it 's really not that bad .00012 > You Look So Fine - Slowest song on the CD , and one of my favorites . Shirley Manson purrs sexy lyrics , making it an awsome addition to this record.Definetly my favorite CD , even though she 's gotten a little bouncy-beat on me .
 This album is a classic . I 've had this CD for probably over a year now , and I * still * listen to it often.One of the things that makes this album so amazing is that there are no `` duds '' . Every track seems to work and fit together . The amount of feeling Shirley Manson throws into the songs is amazing , and the melodies seem to only add on to that.Buy it . This is one of those albums that sucks you in from the first track , and does n't let go . In fact , when you 're finished listening to it , you 'll want to play the whole thing over . : -RRB-
 This has to be one of the best albums of the decade . I bought it because of the single `` Special , '' but i 've now grown to love all of the songs.TEMPTATION WAITS The title alone is great , but the song is even better . Has a great chorus . -LRB- `` you come on like a drug/i just ca n't get enough/i 'm like an addict coming at you for a little more . '' -RRB- I THINK I 'M PARANOID Has some interesting music to it , but it really picks up when the chorus comes in . Great song.WHEN I GROW UP Great song . They used it on the Big Daddy soundtrack , so it 's definately good.MEDICATION This is one of my favorite songs ever . Kinda has a gothic feel , but it 's still good . -LRB- `` I do n't need an education/i 've learned all i need from you/they 've got me on some medication/my point of balance was askew/it keeps my temperature from rising/my blood is pumping through my veins . '' -RRB- SPECIAL One of the biggest hits of the album . Uses an excerpt from the Pretenders `` Talk of the Town . '' Very good.HAMMERING IN MY HEAD Very good song . It 's kinda long though , and has some sexual feel to it.PUSH IT Very , very good song . Even though they borrow lyrics from the Beach Boys `` Do n't Worry Baby '' but they pull it off excellently.THE TRICK IS TO KEEP BREATHING One of the slower songs on the album , but it 's really good.DUMB This is the electronic song . It starts off really , really fast , then slows a bit . It 's really good.SLEEP TOGETHER Really good song . All of them are . But this one has an easy chorus
 Now this is POP . The very definition of it . Pop is not idiotic and uninspiring songs , - i just recall one of my fav bands
 This is the number 1 Garbage album EVER !! I know all the words and there is n't a song on it I do n't love !!! Thanks for access to a spectacular album !!!!
 I do enjoy this ablum and would recommend it . I am not sure if it will be found to be as strong as some of their other music , however , it you are a Garbage fan , I think this will work for you .
 Paranoid and Push It are 2 of my all-time fave songs of all time . Paranoid is really fun to play on rockband games too : -RRB-
 . . but this is my go-to album when I want a perk-me-up and to listen to the best . So many great songs on this one . Love `` When I Grow Up '' , `` Push It '' , The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' and `` You Look So Fine '' . Music now just does n't compare . Which is why I 'm excited about the whispers of a new album this coming year . Ca n't wait .
 If you liked their first release you will like this one . They maintain the same high level musicianship with the smart contemporary lyrical style . In short , this CD is an extension of their initial sound , just a more polished approach to it . Still great for dancing , great for cruising , brushing up against depressive lows and exhilarating highs , the continued mania of Manson 's tongue in cheek lyrics all along the way .
 This is the best album this band has ever put out ... at least it 's the most consistant . From the opening track ` Temptation Waits ' to the closing words of ` You Look So Fine ' the album fits nice blaring out of your stereo . Shirley Manson and Butch Vig string together some brilliant electronic/rock tracks that are sure to please long standing fans as well as those new to the world of Garbage . I purchased this album when it was first released , and even know it is one of those albums that is hard to surpass for it is one of the only albums that has NOT gathered dust on my shelf . Classic tracks like ' I Think I 'm Paranoid ' and ` Push It ' show the eletric borderline brutal side of Garbage with pounding bass and brutal beats acompanied by Shirley 's distinct voice . And with songs like ` Medication ' and the beautiful ` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing ' SHirley and the boys show a softer side to the band . Radio hit 's ` Special ' and ` When I Grow Up ' boast that this album is , as the later states , ` Special ' but it 's two songs in particular that really raise the bar ... the brutal ` Hammering in my Head ' and the cover ` Sleep Together ' give to extremes of the spectrum . ` Hammering ... ' gives us pounding beats and blistering guitars while ` Sleep Together ' boasts a beautiful melody and shining vocals . Garbage is truly cream of the crop , and this album is their shining moment !
 Version 2.0 is my favorite album of all time . This is the first record i enjoyed every song from beginning to end . All the songs are so brilliant and genius . Shirley Manson is the best frontwoman that ever existed . God i love her voice , it so seductive and growls like an untamed tiger hunting for a simple kill . Butch Vig is a god ! You look so fine , one of the best love songs of all time , the first time i heard it i was hooked when she leaps into the chorus , so gorgeous has great lyrics
 I was never properly introduced to Garbage until early 2001 , when I heard the song `` Special . '' I thought very highly of it , with its infectious chorus and vintage sound - and of course the dazzling vocals of Shirley Manson . I had even planned to purchase one of their albums around the time , although for some reason I never got around to doing so.Five years later however , the band somehow managed to re-enter themselves into my life . As a matter of fact , I just bought this CD last week , and I have trouble taking it out of my stereo . It 's that good.Version 2.0 kicks off with the upbeat `` Temptation Waits , '' a brilliant dancepop/alt-rock combo that works hand-in-hand with its intoxicating chorus . Following is the lead single `` I Think I 'm Paranoid , '' complete with crunchy riffs and edgy lyrics . In the meantime , we have the tap-your-foot dance-rocker `` When I Grow Up '' as well as the aforementioned `` Special . '' The band 's electronic undertones take on a more dominant role in `` Push It , '' as well as the chilled-off `` The Trick Is to Keep Breathing , '' which could very well be my favorite of the bunch.Put simply , Garbage is a classy , innovative act that any pop or rock fan owes themselves to check out . And it seems as though rarely people regret doing so .
 This is easily one of the best CD 's released in the last couple of years . All of the songs are winners , no clunkers ! My personal favorites are `` Push It , '' `` Hammering In My Head , '' and `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing . '' Garbage are definitely one of the few bands worthy of the hype !
 This album is so great . There is not one song which is bad . My favorite songs are definately `` You look so fine '' and `` Push It '' ! Each song is so different from the next one . I would recommend this album to everyone . This record should have one best album at the great even though Lauryn Hill and Madonna 's cd 's rocked anyway . 5 ***** 's !
 i found the first album to have jagged edges , but version 2.0 just did it for me . Shirly Manson has great sex appeal , specially with You Look So Fine . However , the band still has the ability to pack so much energy into their songs that make you wish even your most powerfull stereo could get louder when the volume is all the way up . I am big fan of sheryl crow , but i do belive version 2.0 should have gotten the grammy for best rock album , even though Globe sessions was great .
 I saw Garbage live recently . I already had `` Garbage '' and `` Version 2.0 , '' and thought they were good , but a little weak . After seeing the band live I was thoroughly convinced that their talent is great . Garbage literally ROCKED ! Shirley Manson tore the house down with her energy and gutsy vocals . The other members were as energetic and their sound reflected that energy . I only wish their sound came across so well on their albums .
 Garbage are no one hit or one album wonder . Version 2.0 proves that Shirley and the Boys make up one of the most talented bands around . Your CD collection is n't complete until you have both of their amazing albums !
 i started out taping garbage songs off the radio , till i figured out i could get them all on a cd . so i bought it & i still play it non stop . wherever i am in the house , its playing . i actually bought this before their first album , but i havent been disappointed in any of their music . this is an album you can let play through , without ever wanting to skip . my favs are `` when i grow up '' and `` temptation waits '' , but they kinda rotate depending on my mood . this cd has a song for every mood , so go buy it now , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Nothing is wrong . Once again , Garbage did a good job
 Okay , when i first heard `` I think I 'm Paranoid '' I was afraid that this would be a one-hit only cd . I was actually influenced to buy it by a friend who , I must admit , worships the ground Shirley Manson walks on . I put it in the Cd player , and it has n't come out since . The techno-pop feel adds to the awesome vocals and amazing lyrics . The songs are amazingly interesting . My personal faves are `` When I grow up '' , `` Hammering in my head '' , and `` The trick is to keep breathing '' . The songs have a good variety and always keep you wanting to listen to them over and over and over and over and over and ... I think you get what I 'm saying . All I can say is , buy this cd . It 's worth it .
 this cd is even better than the first and if u are thinking about getting , it my advice is to go buy it . go spend a measly 15 bucks to get it , its well worth the money .
 I really loved this CD . While I would have to agree that their first CD had more standout singles , this CD as a whole is a lot better . The entire CD has a more clean sound to it compared to their first . This is a great CD , Shirly sounds great all of the music is great , it was just put together superbly .
 when i bought this album i did n't know much about garbage , now i know nearly everything . it is the best music i 've ever heared , i love the crazy sound of version 2.0 and shirley 's lyrics are also fantastic , thank you garbage for releasing this album , i love you , god bless you i hope your next album will be released very soon , i would die without your music , i would die for your music
 This is a great CD . Like a lot of really good groups , there are a large number of truly great songs on this CD that you wo n't hear anywhere unless you buy the CD . Songs like `` Temptation Waits '' , `` The Trick is to Keep Breathing '' , `` Sleep Together '' and others really show off the quality of this group in a way you would otherwise not know . If you like what you 've already heard from Garbage , you really need this CD , you will not be disappointed .
 This is a great album by Garbage ! I love the modern and hip beat of `` Special . ''
 I 've been in love with Shirley Manson since I saw the video for 1995 's Only Happy When It Rains . Since then , I 've never been once disappointed with her or the rest of the band especially when it comes to this CD . Version 2.0 is an amazing blend of techno and guitar melodies . I 'm totally convinced that every year Garbage just gets better and better .
 This CD is the bomb . GET IT ! It 's much more organized than the first . Garbage is unique , compared to other bands . I love this CD . It is my life . HELP I `` M A SHIRLEY MANSON WANNABE ! I love you garbage !! I 'm telling you guys , if you do n't get this , you are missing out on SOOOO much!GET IT !
 YO ! get this CD ! you 're missing out on a lot if you do n't get it . Garbage is unique . You can automatically tell the differece from Garbage compared to other bands . Shirley 's voice is better than ever . This CD is better put together than the first , definately . This is my # 2 CD on my list , compared with KoRn 's debut album . Get that also !
 new and exciting sound , very nifty beat . I really like this one folks , it has a new type of funk that sets it aside from all imatators . If you buy just one cd this year let it be this one , it all starts here .
 Is there such a thing as a perfect album ? Yes ! Version 2.0 is the best album that alternative music has ever produced . You ca n't get any better than this ! Garbage can create techno , soft and metal music flawlessly . If you do n't already have it , go OUT AND GET IT !
 i bought garbage 's first album a few years ago when it first came out , after a friend of mine had lent it to me . back then i listened to it non-stop , marvelling at how shirley manson could go from a snarl to seductress to an angellic voice , sometimes in the span of one song . when version 2.0 came out , i was in the record store that morning ready to shell out my money . knowing that super high expectations usually lead to disappointments , i tried to keep my excitement in check . as it turned out , there was no need to , cause this album more than exceeded them ! more than a year later -LRB- and countless cd purchases -RRB- , version 2.0 is still the first cd i reach for and pop in to listen to . garbage was a wonderfully raw first album , and i still love it , but version 2.0 is lush , and put-together in a way garbage was n't . i 've had the opportunity to see garbage live twice now , and i 'd recommend it to anyone !
 This is a great cd . Some of the songs are incredibly intense , and others are just beautiful . `` You look so fine '' has got to be one of the best songs I 've heard in a long time . Beautiful song . Especially the last 30 seconds . I love that part , with the drums over the piano . That 30 seconds makes the cd worth buying ! Ok , that 's an exagguration , but it 's great !
 This CD rocks . Not only do the first twelve songs kick butt , lick the pavement and thirteen are totally awesome . Especially thirteen . It is a very sweet song that touched me .
 Its hard to put into words what makes this album so damn good . Every song on this album just kicks but is incredibly melodic , and highly listenable . Most bands expand and perhaps improve from record to record , but Garbage 's second effort is a better album than their debut by leaps and bounds . Every song is a potential hit , incredibly catchy , and well played . Lyrically , the band steals many a lines from the Beach Boys , the Pretenders , and many others , but still manage to present a new , exciting product . The album has already yielded three singles , `` Push It '' , `` I think I 'm Paranoid '' , and `` Special '' , and could easily have five or six more from the album . `` Medication '' , `` When I Grow Up '' , `` The Trick is to Keep Breathing '' , `` Dumb '' , `` Wicked Ways '' , `` You Look So Fine '' , and `` Sleep Together are all standout tracks . Its just a damn shame that the Grammys snubbed the group most deserving of accolades and praise arist in 1998 . Unarguably the most intriguing of mainstream releases this year , this album will someday be talked about in the same breath as `` Dark Side of the Moon '' by Pink Floyd ; its that solid .
 I 'd have to say that so far this has been my favorite album of 1998 . It takes the previous album 's raw rock energy and coats it in computer generated audio bliss that fits perfectly . The bands freshman albulm garbage was good -LRB- still one of my favorites of all time -RRB- but at the same time felt a little manufactured . If it had n't been full of such original sounds that helped sell it , Version 2 might never have gotten made . While Version 2 is n't without faults -LRB- some of the songs can feel a tad stale in comparison to the rest of the albulm -RRB- it more than makes up for them with greater melody and lyrical diversity than the first outing . The first single PUSH IT feels like a James Bond theme with a detonater . THE TRICK IS TO KEEP BREATHING , SPECIAL , and I THINK I 'M PARANOID are also all stand outs on this rare jewel . The real force in all of this , despite the fancy mixing and guitar work , is Shirley Manson . This albulm has allowed her to show off some real song writing ability and vocal range . Yes that 's right , song writing . In addition to writing a great deal of the lyrics , she even came up with melodies by just picking up her guitar during band meetings . As for her vocals , listen to SPECIAL -LRB- her homage to Chryssie Hynde -RRB- to hear what I 'm talking about . She 's not just the self proclaimed Goddes of F*ck or the `` pretty lead voice '' . She 's sarcastic , vunerable , sadistic , hungry , frightened , savy , and ready to take to bed and send you home with scars . Shirley Manson could very well join the Rock 'n' Roll mama hall of fame . Right up there with Cryssie Hynde , Debbie Harry , and Courtney Love . Got a problem with that ? Talk to the red head with the whip .
 After nothing had been released by Garbage in a year -LRB- which they spent in mixing studio 's -RRB- , I did ` nt know what to expect from Garbage 's second album `` Version 2.0 '' , but I 've really enjoyed listening to it numerous times since purchasing it after it 's release on May 10th . The only track that I had heard before buying was `` Push It '' which really grabbed me and had my attention from the first time I heard it.This album is better and different then the debut album , while still managing to stay faithfull to the traits that were revealed through that album , Unlike some other groups around , Garbage have ` nt sold out to what may appear to be the most favourable style of music of the moment.The albums 12 tracks are all highly enjoyable , and like the debut album , highly fluid from start to end . A few particularly outstanding tracks are : -1 - Track 1 . `` Temptation Waits '' - has an extremely good beat to it with nice guitar and captivating vocals throughout .2 - Track 5 . `` Special '' - is * extremely * catchy , after only hearing the album once i found myself humming this out loud , it has to be one of my favourite 's of the album ! 3 - Track 7 . `` Push It '' - The go-between track which is a mix of the new and old Garbage has an excellent rapid beat to it which had me waiting in anticipation when it was released as the lead-in single for the album.Shirley Manson is again on top form on vocals while the music is played brilliantly throughout the CD , sometimes varying slightly between tracks while rapidlyy changing between others . Garbage have found and defined themselves very nicely and have re-asserted themselves with a vengence !
 Naming their sophomore album like it was the latest product from Microsoft made me initially distrust Garbage 's second album , but time has really given this a fair shake . More guitar heavy than the debut `` Garbage '' but cut from a lot of the same cloth , Shirley Manson pouts , preens , breathes heavily and makes like a world class rock lady on the whole album.My initial frustrations with the album are still there , however . `` Version 2.0 '' There is way too much here that is outright swiped from other artists , and with nary a wink to hide it . Romeo Void pops up in `` Sleep Together , '' The Pretenders are quoted in `` Special '' -LRB- down to Manson singing `` Talk of the Town '' during the song 's fade and Chrissie Hynde getting a thank you in the liner notes -RRB- , while `` Push It '' at least gives Brian Wilson and Herbie Azor -LRB- the writer behind Salt 'n' Pepa -RRB- songwriter credits.That should n't stop you from enjoying `` Version 2.0 . '' Garbage takes the ` influences ' -- and I use that term broadly -- to make memorable music . Butch Vig played some great guitar on this cd , like on `` Hammering in My Head . '' Veering from the giddy new-wave of `` Special '' to the emotionally delivered ballad `` The Trick is to Keep Breathing , '' this was a band that was in their moment . Nine years later , `` Version 2.0 '' remains a listenable artifact from 1998 .
 This is such a great album with an upbeat sound mixed with cheery and dark lyrics . Almost anyone can appreciate at least one song on this album . Unfortunately , the dark gothic rock aspect i loved so much on the first one is missing , but this is still one of my favorite albums ! Here 's a song by song review ... TEMPTATION WAITS
 Quite different from their debut , Garbage V2 .0 is much more computer-oriented and hi-tech sounding , with synth noises replacing much of the guitars . Incredible detail has been given to these songs and the production , so much that this CD is almost too perfect and in fact might start to annoy you just because most music is so much rawer . That said , its still one of the greatest CDs ever and holds up for dozens of listens . There 's more musical layers here than on any other Garbage CD -LRB- I think I read somewhere that track 6 used something like 120 tracks -RRB- so after listening to it dozens of times I still hear something new on every song , every listen.Temptation Waits
 If there were a such thing as 90s new wave , this would be it . Here 's some awesome techno-influenced rock ... this came out almost ten years ago but the songs still sound pretty cool . I do n't care if this was directed towards the 14-year-old girl demographic or whatever ... I 've always really dug this CD , and the one before it . I wish more pop music sounded like this album ! It 's been said by some that this is Garbage 's best , but for me it 's a toss up between this one and the debut -LRB- I personally think the debut had better lyrics -RRB- ... in any case the band 's music definately went downhill after this point . Not the most original thing in the universe I guess , but for sure still a good listen .
 This is Garbage 's best album to date . I love good music , I am a critic and I am a Garbage fan who buys all the B-sides and remixes I come across , so I feel qualified to say this.It 's also their most consistent and most accessible album -LRB- if you do n't already have a penchant for unapologetically trashy pop music -RRB- . Take the themes of darkness and self-destruction that angsty malcontents ca n't resist , add the electro-industrial pop hooks that club queens and teen punk-nouveau chicks ca n't resist , and you have 2.0 . Almost every track on this release has a great hook . I 'll let you decide which one is the throwaway.Great hooks aside , though , what I love best about this album are its downtempo inclusions . `` The Trick is to Keep Breathing '' and `` You Look So Fine '' are two of my favorite ballads from any band , ever . But keep in mind , in my favorite stories the good guys usually lose and the guy and girl split up after a wrenching estrangement.If you 've ever succumbed to a dark carnal desire , only to be painfully reminded why you knew it was a bad idea in the first place , this album will speak to you . For everyone who has liked a Garbage song they heard somewhere and want to own some , this is the place to start .
 On 1998 's VERSION 2.0 Garbage moves from their grunge/synth sounding rock to a more electronica sound . It works quite well with Shirley 's vocals , which are sexy and seductive , and take the listener on a journey . The guitar riffs are still there though , mixed with some heavy percussion and synth beats . The album opens with the superb `` Temptation Waits '' which really sets the pace and mood of the album , it has a killer chorus with addictive beats . However the highlight of the album for me is `` You Look So Fine '' , the closing track . This is not an album for the casual listener , but it takes time to understand as their songs are full of so much depth . There is sophisticated pop on `` Medication '' and `` Special '' . other highlights include `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' , `` Hammering In My Head '' , `` Sleep Together '' and more , although there is not one weak link or song on the album . Give this a try if you want an album that will blow your mind , its addictive !
 I bought this CD much time ago but now I have the chance to review it.First thing I can say is that this album is one of the best albums in the world!All the songs are great and I can not spend a day without listening to it.Shirley 's vocal performance is perfect as usual!After listening to Garbage 's albums the other albums do n't give me the same pleasure.GARBAGE is surely the best band in the universe for me and the members are really great people!I 'm sure they will continue their success with their 3rd Album and if I was going to a deserted island , one of the 3 things that I 'd take would be VERSION 2.0 -LRB- the others would be the batteries and my CD player for listening to it :-RRB- -RRB-
 I saw Garbage open for Alanis Morrisette in support of Version 2.0 . It was like having the Beatles open for Milli Vanilli . If there is a better frontperson in rock than Shirley Manson , I dare say keep her away . I do n't think I could take much better . This band is everything modern rock should encompass . The fact that their sophomore effort should shine as brightly as their debut only means modern music lovers are in for a long ride with this group . Production values as taught by studio genius Butch Vig is reason enough to buy this record . With Vig 's uncanny ability to create massive side to side beats and atmospheric anomolies , each listen reveals hidden layers that seem to peel back to uncover new sounds . Shirley Manson combines class , sex and original feel to all of the material , demonstrating her abilities as a singer are only getting better with practice . Manson is undoubtedly about today , from fashionable good looks to interesting lyrical wordplay . But what is best about this band , and therefore this record , is the fact that each player dominates in their own way . Unquestionably , this is a team effort , with Manson leading to the goal . You can only bet their next effort will be a topper . If you like good music with great production and sexy singing , this is the collection you 've been waiting for . Sweat it all out .
 version 2.0 is the best cd ever ! they have great music , clean , upbeat , and you wo n't get sick listening to it over and over ... this is the cd to listen to on the subways , it makes your trip go alot faster ... and somehow takes your mind to somewhere else , especially the last half of the cd ... i recommend this to anyone who 's into that urban pop music ... it 's not too hardcore and not to mellow , great for one of those days when you just want to get out of the city or wherever you are . .
 Garbage exemplifies what happens when a sexy , sultry female voice a la Shirley Manson is set to the hard-rock-special-effects-editing sensibilities of the boys from Wisconsin ... a blast!Manson is a joy to listen to , and the beat and lyrics of every Garbage song are eminently listenable and danceable . The excellent `` When I Grow Up '' , the emotionally charged `` Special '' , and the in-your-face sexuality of `` Push It '' are my faves here , but `` Temptation Waits '' , `` Sleep Together '' , and the hauntingly sensual `` You Look So Fine '' are great songs too.More Garbage please !
 I hope the musicians are paid as much as Shirley Manson , because the music is as refreshing and new sounding as the lead singer . I ca n't wait for the video to come out .
 After hereing the songs that recieved radio play for a while I decided it was time to buy this album . I got it last summer and every song was great the first time through . Garbage is now one of my favorite bands . My favorite song is `` I Think Im Paranoid . '' Any one who knows what good music is will like this cd
 I 've recently bought this CD to add to my Garbage collection . I knew alot of the songs and they bring back great memories but I 'm also having fun learning the words to the others . You wo n't be sorry you bought this one .
 As an avid music lover , I 'm a little embarassed to say I was not really turned on to Garbage until I heard Version 2.0 ... which quickly became my favorite album ... for about a year straight ! I still love it so . To me it was one of the extremely rare recordings that I simply fell in love with the _ first _ time I heard it and loved every song on the album . Garbage has been my favorite group for over ten years now and it 's hard to imagine that changing ... I only wish some other artists could bring it together like Garbage does . On a side note , I think Shirley Manson is the most beautiful woman in the world and Butch Vig can produce no wrong .
 I was one of those people who dismissed Garbage when they first came out because I was a big fan of Curve . I know , I was a stupid boy . `` Version 2.0 '' is when I realized this is an amazing band . I 'd be shocked if any fan of techno , pop , alternative , or girl-fronted-rock-bands did n't love this disc . In itself it 's almost the best of Garbage . They all sound like singles . Other than the obvious 3-4 hits , I was most impressed by `` Temptation Waits '' , `` Medication '' , `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' , and `` You Look So Fine '' . If you 've ever thought about getting some Garbage , especially this album , do it . Do n't be a stupid boy/girl .
 The follow-up to their self-titled first CD , ` Version 2.0 ' is n't a repeat of ` Garbage ' , as the title might suggest , but rather a continuation of the great songwriting that made the first disc worth owning . In fact , this album takes the band 's sound to new heights . This is alternative-dance rock hybrid at its finest . `` Dumb '' and `` Hammering In My Head '' continue in the footstomping goodness that `` As Heaven Is Wide '' started on their debut . But not all songs are about heartbreak . `` Sleep Together '' is a sultry invitation for love between the sheets that makes you want a cigarette afterwards , even if you do n't smoke . `` Special '' , the big radio hit , is a rather kind kiss-off song that does n't make the subject of the song out to be a bad guy , but rather a soul worth redeeming , even if it 's not by Ms. Manson herself . And `` Wicked Ways '' is a swanky ode to misbehaving , despite efforts to try to be good.Two of these songs , `` Hammering In My Head '' and `` Sleep Together '' will sound familiar to you because they have been used in car commercials . The ads stopped short of having Shirley 's vocals in them , so you were left wondering who did the song . Finally putting a name to the tunes is an added bonus to buying this disc.Altogether , ` Version 2.0 ' is the best Garbage in the bin !
 I love this CD ! I came across it by chance . I had heard of Garbage , but was unfamiliar with their style -LRB- yes , okay , so I was out of it -RRB- . I scanned each song , and loved every one . I like the Techno/Dance beat that is not repetive and lends a strong amount of bass . The combination Rock and Dance rhythms are unique -LRB- at least to me -RRB- . I am so glad I `` discovered '' Garbage . I ca n't recall any other CD that I enjoy all the songs . I listen to it over and over again . I am inspired to check out their debut CD next .
 Garbage has once again come out with a great CD . The songs are fun and have a great beat . This is definitely one of my favorite CDs of all time !!!!!!!
 It sounds so simple -- write perfect little pop songs , then throw a bunch of sound effects , tape loops and squealing guitars over it . Simple it 's not , but `` Version 2.0 '' has perfected that formula . There are no less than six radio-ready singles off this album . And supervixen singer Shirley Manson has never sounded better ... or sexier .
 Garbage 's first album was a without-a-doubt 5 star , probably my favorite album ever . Version 2.0 is really good , but just a notch under the first . Still it is pretty darn good ! The album does n't have super hits like `` Stupid Girl '' `` Queer '' or `` Only Happy When It Rains , '' but it does have good songs . My favorite , which sounds like the Garbage most people know , is `` Temptation Waits . '' `` Hammering in my Head '' is great , too . The most popular ones , `` Push It '' and `` I Think I 'm Paranoid , '' are popular for a reason , too . Overall , it is a great album .
 I must admit that i do n't care as much for the first Garbage CD as I do Version 2.0 . This is by far my favorite CD . I like it so much that I listen to it all the time . I know the whole CD by heart -LRB- almost -RRB- . My favorite songs on this album are Temptation Waits , I Think I 'm Paranoid , Push It , and Wicked Ways . It realllllyyyyy RRRRROOOOOOCKSSSSS !!!!!!!
 WOW ! I really did n't expect Garbage could live up to their first album , but they have ! One of the few albums where every single song is good , especially `` The Trick is to Keep Breathing '' -LRB- but this album takes my breath away -RRB- . Super production , and I enjoy that most of the somes have a familiar riff
 I waited and waited for v2 .0 , it 's the first product in sometime that has n't shipped with bugs . A perfect application for parties , driving and getting things done.I 'll wear this disc into a coaster in no time .
 This is an excellent second album although I found in musical style it differed quite markedly from their first.The subject matter -LRB- sex , sex , more sex -LRB- ` The trick is to keep breathing ' etc -RRB- -RRB- was slightly off-putting for me as the entire album reminded me of an unfortunate episode with an ex-girlfriend .
 If you 're a Garbage fan , or any type of Alternative rock fan , you need this album . Album of the year so far .
 I love this CD ! The songs are really catchy and upbeat , and Garbage 's style is cool too . If you like this kind of thing , definitely go buy it !! : o -RRB-
 After Garbage 's first LP I did not think that they could do any better . Fortunately , I was wrong . Version 2.0 is a musical masterpiece . The music has a soul of its own and the lyrics are haunting . Do n't waste any more time reading this review . Purchase Version 2.0 now .
 It seems that they have come up with the idea of actually putting great melodies with an industrial beat ! It 's `` pop '' enough that you 'll not only find yourself humming the melodies , but also remembering the lyrics and the song titles too ! I 'm 35 and this one of only a few CD 's I have purchased the past year , so I am pretty `` picky '' in my `` old '' age ! Great production , great rock vocals by Ms Manson ! Almost every song is 5 stars .
 I absolutely love this CD ! All the songs are a little different from each other , so it 's not repetitive like some CDs are . I was n't a Garbage fan before , and for some reason I decided to get this -- definetly not a mistake ! I really love `` The trick is to keep breathing '' . Just in case anyone cared about my opinion .
 I have n't heard it , so I do n't know what to say . My dad likes it though . He listened to it 32 times in a row when he first got it .
 I know when I 've come across a really great record because I can listen to it over and over and over again without skipping a single track the entire time like with most records . Shirley is a natural born rock star with plenty of Jim Morrison-cocky attitude to love . I could listen to her and the Boys forever .
 Garbage did it again ! Another colletion of talented songs which sticks to your cerebral cortex and keeps you singing in the shower .
 I was unsure as to how Garbage planned to mutate their music to produce a whole new CD . I loved the first album , but feared the upcoming release would simply be more of the same . Fortunately , it was ! I am not sure how to explain how Butch Vig and Co. manage to keep me interested from song to song other than pure magic .
 GARBGE HAS PUT OUT THE ONLY ALBAM THAT THEY COULD HAVE TO TOP THERE GREAT PREVIOUS ALBUM IT 'S A ROCK/TECNO MIX WITH SENDS YOU TO A TODLY DIFFRENT PLACE
 THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST RELEASE OF 1998 ! THEY 'RE IS ARTISTIC GENIOUS HERE AND THE QUALITY OF THE SONGS ARE OUTSTANDING ! SHIRLEY MANSON IS ONE TERRIFIC SONGWRITER
 THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST RELEASE OF 1998 ! THEY 'RE IS ARTISTIC GENIOUS HERE AND THE QUALITY OF THE SONGS ARE OUTSTANDING ! SHIRLEY MANSON IS ONE TERRIFIC SONGWRITER
 Its amazing how this sounds very odd the first time around you hear it . . then slowly it just hits you and you ca n't stop listening to it . Also this cd is sorta more insane -LRB- literaly -RRB- than the first one . and its abit more slow paced . Rocks . Get it ! Also , this is the cd that got me nuts about garbage too .
 Very few bands can nail that ceratain sound that makes them `` special '' . This cd is goodness all the way , except for track 11 which is true garbage -LRB- the smelly kind -RRB- . This is a great Cd that puts out some truly excellent tunes . Pick it up and you wo n't be able to put it down for quite some time .
 This cd is so awesome . I listen to it all the time . I would highly recommend it . It 's one of the best cds I 've ever bought .
 i absolutley love this cd . it hasnt been out of my cd player since i bought it . each song has its own style and its one of the few cd 's you can actually just let play to through to the end . all the songs are great but my personal favorites are ` medication ' , ` push it ' , ` the trick is to keep breathing ' and ' wicked ways ' . no one should be without this cd .
 I just ca n't help myself , I love this band ! I could n't remove their first CD from my CD player until this one came out . It was totally worth the wait . Every song is amazing , especially tracks 6 and 7 . Those are my favorites . The only problem now is having to wait for the next one .
 Let 's face it , Garbage 's self-titled '95 alblum was increadable , but with Version 2.0 they have outdone themselves -LRB- and in my opinion they have also outdone most all of the other top bands out there . -RRB- V 2.0 is by far the best CD I own . So , for anyone who is a fan of unique lyrics and song stylings and the angry demeanor and personality of lead singer Shirley Manson , buy this alblum now . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Just down right GOOD . Shirley is the best to come along in a long time . A genuine charm .
 I was so relieved when I first heard this album . So many bands have one big hit then they totally disappear . But not Garbage ! They have proved that they are an amazing band . Shirley Manson is a great singer with a lot of well deserved confidence . Everybody should own this CD . It is way too good to pass up on .
 I feel that version 2.0 was one of the best cd 's of the year . It should have won a grammy . as well as the first cd 2.0 delived great vocals , gutair and a good beat . there is no need to skip tracks because all of them are well tuned to the point of profection . 2.0 is a must for anyone that enjoys rock or alternative . 2.0 the bands second cd shows improvement from there first album which was also a great album .
 What can I say ? This is , without a doubt , the best rock album of 1998 . Every singlesong stands out on its own . I ca n't find the words to describe this music or to describe the way it makes me feel every time I listen to it . You have to experience it yourself . Best tracks
 I absloutely : : LOVE :
 Version 2.0 is not what I expected . Every song is different and will have an impact on you whether you like it or not . Special , When I Grow Up -LRB- the best single -RRB- , Push It , Temptation Waits , I Think I 'm Paranoid and Medication are my favourites . Shirley Manson has definitive girl power proving she can pull anything off , Version 2.0 should 've won the grammy for best album , None the less purchase Version 2.0 and rock away .
 Garbage 's combination of catchy melodies and self-conscious junk-yard dog approach to sound is sublime , yet I wish they pushed it a little further and done some serious damage to popular radio . Some of the melodies just sound too nice and a little too borrowed , but I admit , it 's one of my top five favorite albums . Their first album was full of peaks and valleys . This one never reaches a climax , but never disappoints either . And I do love Garbage .
 Version 2.0 is great - every song is worth listening to , sadly , that does n't happen enough ! If you like garbage you must add this CD to your collection .
 hey dude I totally loved this CD ! The entire thing ! It 's one of my two favourite CD 's ! -LRB- the other one 's Adam Sandler 's -RRB-
 I really like Garbage , but they 're not the greatest band in the world . Most of their songs , both on this album and on Garbage-garbage , sounds quite much the same . But I do n't really mind , since I think it 's good . Their sound is some what original , but not unic . So , if you like Garbage you 'll enjoy this album , but if you 're looking for variety you will not .
 Ever since I heard their song `` Only Happy When It Rains '' , I was hooked . I went out and bought the cd . I loved it . When Version 2.0 came out I instantly went out and bought it as well . This is absolutely the BEST cd I have ever bought ! Garbage has a very unique sound which is brilliant ! This album is WAY underrated . It ROCKS ! Everyone should try this album , you wo n't be dissappointed . My fav . is `` Hammering in my Head '' . But they all are GREAT !! Not one song is bad on this cd . You just start listening to Garbage and Garbage takes you `` away '' . Compared to Garbage , everything else is Trash . SUPERB ALBUM !! p.s. Shirley is SO HOT !!!!!!!
 This CD is in the 10-disc changer in my car , and it 's the one I listen to the most . It 's good for those long drives where you can turn up the music and get lost in your thoughts . My favorites are the first five tracks and the last track , but the wail Shirley Manson lets out at the end of `` When I Grow Up '' , just by itself , is worth a listen .
 I must admit , at first , when I heard about Garbage , I was ignorant enough to think it was `` one of those bands '' . A.K.A. LFO , HANSON , and other bands that simply wear off into nothing-ness like a dull needle . Garbage however , is really on top of their game . I am not normally a fan of music like this , but I truly enjoy the singing of -LRB- Shirley -RRB- Manson and the excellent instrument performing by the band . Adding to this albums flawlessness -LRB- if thats a word -RRB- is the great electronic vibes . I suggest fans of ALL genres of music to go out and buy this album . Trust me , it is well worth it . Pop , Rock , Ska , even Rap fans would enjoy this -LRB- even though it has no real connection to rap -RRB- .
 I had just heard a little bit of the song `` Push It '' and I had to run out and buy the CD , the CD has so much into it that now anything that Garbage has out , I have to find and listen to it . I especially like the song , `` The trick is to keep breathing '' Shirley Manson 's voice is amazing , I ca n't think of any other way to put it . I recomment this CD totally .
 Garbage rocks . Shirley Manson has a uniqe voice which is great . The music for this record are very expressive and the tunes are very singable .
 I just started listening to garbage about a month ago . Their latest album Version 2.0 is fantastic ! The guitar work along with Shirley Manson 's distinctive style of singing -LRB- evident in Temptation waits , I think I 'm paranoid , When I grow up , Push it , You look so fine -RRB- is just too good . They are a class apart from all the stale pop groups around us . Garbage , to me is God !
 i lvoe garbage , every song on their albums are so good you can just play the whole cd straight . and shirley manson is so hot and butch vig si so cool
 IMHO to hear it is to love it . ` Push it ' , ` When I grow up ' and ` Wicked ways ' are fantastic loud tracks . ` You look so fine ' is quieter but equally seductive . By the way , those few people making comments on ` If we sleep together ' should grow up . You define the word ` prude ' . How do you think you came into this world ? ;-RRB- -LRB- I 'm not trying to be insulting - I 'm just retaliating ! I 'm no die-hard fan , I just think a talented group should get credit where it 's due . -RRB-
 This album is wonderful.I must tell you the first time I listened to it , I loved every single song on the disc.The lyrics are catchey and the beats are incredible!Buy this CD and you will NOT be wasting your money !
 Wow what a prize to come out of the late nineties . I own many CDs and there 's new stuff I like out there but Garbage and their album Version 2.0 are too awesome . Butch Vig , Duke Erikson , Steve Marker , and of course , a role model I really admire , Shirley Manson -- really kick serious a $ s ! I also recommend the acclaimed GARBAGE debut and obviously , a trip to the official website . Needless to say , VERSION 2.0 blows me away . Seductive , sexy , music , man . I 'm so happy I have it + it exists .
 Truly the best album I 've ever listen to . The first time I heard it I fell in love with it . I love Shirley 's voice , its sultry and seductive , and she really rocks . All the tracks are great ! Go out and buy it ! Its definitely worth it .
 this is truly the best albom ever
 This was actually my first Garbage CD , but I really liked it . Since then I 've bought all of the Garbage CDs , including their new one , `` Bleed Like Me ''
 I bought Garbage 's first album first and I thought the album was great , boasting good tracks like Milk , Queer , Only Happy When it Rains , but the sophomore album was even better . ` Temptation Waits ' started out with Manson 's menacing voice with simplistic lyrics like , `` I tell you something , I am a wolf but , I like to wear sheep 's clothing . '' The second track had a rockier edge to it , and then slowed down with ` Medication ' . And then it was fun all the way till `` You Look So Fine '' which ended the album with a sombre note , like how Garbage ended its first title with `` Milk . `` A great buy , almost perfection - you will just repeat it again and again without losing interest .
 This really is a fantastic album ... from the fun `` When I Grow Up '' , to the brilliant `` Hammering In My Head '' , to the truly amazing `` You Look So Fine '' ... it 's solid and even manages to improve on its predecessor . Their self-titled debut and Version 2.0 are what made Garbage really huge ... I recommend -LRB- if you do n't already own them -RRB- just buying these two albums and forgetting about anything they bought out afterwards .
 I have been an avid Garbage fan ever since their debut Garbage came out and so far , no new album can encompass the best selections included in this sequel . Push It has the sense of `` punk '' - ish , `` rock '' - ish without being `` pop '' - ish . You Look So Fine is a dreamy love song -LRB- again , not `` pop '' - ish -RRB- and Temptation Waits is also a good comeback for frontman Shirley and the rest of the group . They say sequels are blah , but this one 's definitely a no-nonsense comeback . Get it and you wo n't regret .
 Garbage is a band like no other . You really have to take a listen to this amazing band to realize how one incorporates so many styles into one little album.This album is packed FULL of classic Garbage songs that can really give you the chills . The opening track `` Temptation Waits '' was very eerie the first time I heard it and I loved it . The next track `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' has that heavy bass and light vocals that the band is known for , love the lyrics too.A great album for anyone looking to continue digging thru Garbage . A word of advice though ... do n't bother with beautifulgarbage if you are a rock fan ... defienatley not impressive .
 Of all four of Garbage 's albums , `` Version 2.0 '' is probably my favorite . The title itself seems to suggest that the band was n't really going for a big departure from the sexy post-grunge/techno hybrid they created on their debut , just trying to take the sound to the next level , and I think they accomplished this in spades . `` Version 2.0 '' is a tighter , leaner , meaner , more cohesive album than its predecessor . The crunchy guitars , abrasive beats , and slick production , combined with Shirley Manson 's sexy-yet-damaged vocals , make `` Version 2.0 '' an album that brilliantly straddles the line between rock and dance , and between pop and alternative.Highlights
 I love this cd . I have n't stop listening to it since the day it came out . This is an excellent alternative album and Garbage 's best . I love almost all of the songs ; the album is extremely cohesive . I do n't have a favorite song , but I always find myself listening to `` Special '' , `` Dumb '' and `` Push it '' . If you like it , I recommend buying their debut . Their third cd , ` Beautiful Garbage ' , was n't as good as their first and second album .
 This album is literally perfect . One could go on forever about the subtle nuances in the immaculate production of the album , but even more outstanding is the quality of the songwriting and hooks . Version 2.0 contains the modern rock classics `` Push It '' , `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' , and `` Special '' , the latter also being a huge Top 40 hit along with `` When I Grow Up '' . These key tracks are almost singlehandedly responsible for breathing new life into the modern rock genre when it was rapidly dying off , due to the onset of teen pop and nu-metal . Other gems include : - The sexy , airy opener `` Temptation Waits '' in which Shirley Manson 's sultry voice floats over cool electronica - `` Hammering In My Head '' , an ecclectic track featuring jungle , techno , ambient , and speeding electronica . Butch Vig names this track as his favorite of the album . - `` You Look So Fine '' , a heartbreaking ballad reminiscent of The Carpenters . This album closer was released as the final single outside the US , and was an instant smash . - `` Wicked Ways '' , a good old fashioned rock song , still with that Garbage electronic edge . The `` head banger '' of the album . - `` The Trick Is To Keep Breathing '' , a slow , rumbly trip-hoppy song released in Europe as a single in early 1999 . Overall , the `` key '' tracks are the incredible rock masterpiece `` Push It '' , the almost equally stunning `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' , and the essential pop hit of 1999 , `` Special '' . There actually are NO bad tracks on Version 2.0 . Six songs total were released as singles , -LRB- HALF THE ALBUM ! -RRB- , proving the unmistakable broad appeal and quality of the album . Any other of the six non-single tracks could have easily been singles as well.In summary , Version 2.0 deserves every bit of the tremendous critical acclaim and commercial success it received . It was nominated for FOUR Grammy awards -- Best Rock Album , Best Rock Song -LRB- `` Special '' -RRB- , Best Rock Performance -LRB- `` Special '' -RRB- , and even Album of the Year . `` Push It '' was nominated for 8 VMAs in 1998 and `` Special '' won a VMA and VH1 award in 1999 . Rolling Stone named it one of the Best 100 Albums of all time.Do yourself a favor , and pick up this great album today . -LRB- The landmark self-titled debut and 2001 's beautifulgarbage are also excellent and essential to any album collection -RRB- .
 Garbage deliver more terrific euro-trash rock on their second album , 1998 's `` Version 2.0 '' . Another mix of crunching guitars , wild beats , groovy keyboards & effects , and the sensual voice of Shirley Manson , the band are still the frontrunners of modern rock , with such great , rockin ' tracks as `` Temptation Waits , '' `` I Think I 'm Paranoid , '' `` Push It , '' and my personal fave , `` Sleep Together . '' There 's also playful pop-rock with `` Special '' -LRB- with Shirley tipping her hat to the Pretenders ' Chrissie Hynde at the end -RRB- , the delirious `` Hammering In My Head , '' and the truly gorgeous `` You Look So Fine . '' Fabulous music & production from a fabulous band , `` Version 2.0 '' is essential Garbage .
 I definitely think this is Garbage 's best album . This album is great from start to finish . It is more polished than their self titled debut and sounds fuller . At the same time , this is probably a result of production which maybe why I like this album better than the others.However , the real standout work of this album is the lyrical quality . Songs like `` Medication '' and `` Temptation Waits '' are great lyrical songs while songs like `` Special '' and `` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' are great to sing a long to . `` Special '' is perhaps the best song on the CD because it has it all.So are there any negatives . Well perhaps a negative aspect is that it does n't feel like a band but a pop band . I also find that the songs are all very similar in sound . Of course , there is a fine line of how diverse an album can be and part of my complaint about the more recent Beautiful Garbage is that it is not cohesive enough . This album is cohesive and I hardly feel the need to skip a track anywhere .
 This is a wonderful CD , Shirley Manson has a great voice , and the lyrics make you want to get up and dance . I was hooked the first time I heard them , the songs are great .
 I love this cd ! Garbage is my favorite group of all . The only song i do n't like on it is number 5 . Special It just gets annoying . But I love the rest . Alot of the songs on the cd really describe what is going through your head everyday . A must get !
 The style of the band is still very much the same
 This is an awesome CD that really rocks and blows you away . My favorite song is `` Push It . '' This song really has some heavy metal trend to it and blew me away when I first heard it . The other ones are just as good ; tempting music and vocals that make you want to listen . This CD is better than the first because it has more upbeat music , and roaring vocals . I would recommend this recording to anyone who likes upbeat music with a heavy metal trend to it .
 Something of a unbelievable album this . You 'll find yourself putting it in and stuggling to decide which track to play - and will eventually plump for playing it through from begining to end . Every track is a gem , but particular praise should go to tracks 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 and 12 . To finish on a bit of a cliche
 ... I 'll be stable.Garbage breaks the same new ground on 2.0 that they broke in their debut , and that band after band has to break anew again and again.Which is to say , beautifully edgy pop is very hard to do , and even harder to do well.What continues to amaze me most about this album is the number of reviewers who think the stolen Pretenders , XTC and Velvets riffs are accidental . They 're there on purpose , right up front as flattery for anybody who takes the time to actually listen . But since a good deal of the lyrics are n't -- _ soothing _ -- most people will probably tune them out for the slick , beautifully textured walls of sound . But that 's alright . That 's alright .
 I think Garbage is one of the most original bands in a while . This album is pretty diverse but really together . The first track -LRB- temptation waits -RRB- hooked me and i couldnt help but listen to the whole thing through . The whole album is brilliant but some songs really stick out like `` hammering in my head '' which is wonderfully screwed up and really catchy , `` you look so fine '' which is so haunting , `` temptation waits '' which is really catching and just a cool song and `` push it '' which is just cool . This is a great album and almost anyone will like it .
 In my opinion , this is prehaps one of the most underrated CDs of all time . One of my friends insisted that I needed to listen to this CD . I popped it in and was instantly blown away ! All of the songs have incredible texture and some pretty good lyrics that make you think . This CD has a combination of Techno , Dance , Metal , Alternative and Pop - if you like any of those , you will LOVE this CD .
 Version 2.0 from Garbage is a gem . All the songs are standouts here ... not a loser in the bunch.My question is ... how are they going to top this?All is said ... buy this one it is a definite classic which was nominated at the grammies for Album of the Year , AND SHOULD OF WON !
 What can I say that has n't already been said about this album ? From Temptation Waits through to You Look So Fine , this is a mindblowing and ripping album . The hooks and grooves in the songs are genius , and Shirley Manson 's vocals are beyond description . Favourite tracks are Temptation Waits , I Think I 'm Paranoid , Medication , Push It , The Trick Is To Keep Breathing , and You Look So Fine . You have got to get this album . It is THE best .
 If you like Darling Violetta , Luscious Jackson , Hole then you will no doubt love this album . Shirley Manson on loan from Radioactive Records has found a successful & comfortable home with Garbage at least for the time being .
 This has to be my favorite CD ever ! Not only is there great singing , but a wide variety of moods that anyone would love ! I recommend it to everyone ! Order it now ! Hehe .
 Shirley Manson and Co. has done it again ! The techno music combined with the raw but truthful lyrics makes this CD one of the best I 've listened to . With the combination of slow and fast , moody and light , Version 2.0 shows Shirley Manson 's talent as never seen before . The pulsing music stays in your head for hours and you can totally relate to some of the lyrics . This is without a doubt one of my favorite CD 's !
 Every song on this CD rocks !!!! I have been listening to them since their song `` I 'm Only Happy When It Rains . '' I like Version 2.0 a little more than their first album because it is more uplifting . Fortunately , I had the chance to see them in concert -LRB- Oct. ' 98 -RRB- and I MET THE GROUP IN PERSON !!!! They are very nice and down to earth -- the concert rocked !!!!
 Garbage is one of my favorite bands . Their music is the bomb
 I bought this the day it came out . After listening nonstop for several months , I took some time away from it . Recently started again , and it still sounds great . I think Medication may be the most underrated song on the album . Hauntingly lovely , with some really great twisted lyrics . I was fortunate enough to see the band at their concert in Raleigh . Great show ! I loved the first album , but all in all this one is even better .
 This album is awesome ! I played `` Hammerin ' in my Head '' in my car and the bass made the seat vibrate !!
 Garbage are back.And what should it practically mean for the listeners ? Practically , we had a band that has recorded 2 albums really immaculately , without a single mistake , without a single errored song.Everything is just on the place where it should be . And , what 's even more important - no taboos
 This album is finished from top to bottom . The best sound I 've heard from ANY artist since the Beatles !
 They may have strayed away from the conventional acts of Rock and Roll by using some cover tracks from Chrissie Hynde and Brian Wilson , but their creativity has never been jeopardized . Their creative remixing gives some of the old classic a new tasty treat behind it . My favorite songs from this CD are `` I think I 'm Paranoid '' because it is loud and the tone shifting towards the end of the song was really catching . `` Push It '' contains the famous Brian Wilson line ` do n't worry baby ' but its incorporation into the music was cleverly done . Shirley Manson 's never-ending voice and tone shifting gives this CD a full star in my book .
 This is rare cd where every song is a hit . I was n't sure if I wanted to but it , but in the long I found out it rules all
 I borrowed this cd from a friend , not expecting much because of the hype surrounding it . What I heard totally blew me away . Version 2.0 is definitely one of the best recordings I 've ever heard , period . Every track is well-written , and , unlike many other cds , no song has to be skipped . The fact that this did n't win a Grammy shows that the awards are tailored towards people with no real musical taste . I mean , how else could Sheryl Crow beat THIS ?
 Wow , this is the best CD I 've ever bought ! The haunting melodies , hooks , riffs , and tempest refrains are incredible . It follows the same formula as the 1995 debut but polishes it , and makes it much catchier . The standout songs are -LRB- practically all on the CD -RRB-
 Most of us lost our virginity with Garbage on their first album , so it is kind of hard to top that one . But Version 2.0 comes very close to the thrill I got from the first CD . It 's less `` spooky '' than their freshman effort , but more `` powerful '' .
 From the top 2 the bottom , this CD is one that will hauntingly pull U in and have it 's way with U. Make the attempt to play something else and U will find the meaning of addiction . One fix through the ear canal and you 'll be paranoid , feel special and be intoxicated by the hammering in your head !
 GARBAGE IS THE BEST BAND THAT EVER LIVED ! This album is full of great songs that everyone can relate to . It starts with a fast , yet emotional , song , and builds up . Then at the end it tears down with a slow , highly emotional , love song . This CD has it all ; love , lust , perversion , ambition , aggresion , and self-destruction . My favorite song on this album is all of them . Shiley Manson has the most buetiful voice and face ever .
 This high energy cd takes no prisoners . Rock and techno never sounded so good . We all know that Garbage is so incredibly awesome so they did n't need some lousy grammy anyway . Get this cd .
 Not taking away from this album which is absolutley awesome but i missed the angry edge to shirley 's voice , this album was pop where the first one was rock but still absolutley rocks , shoulda won da grammy
 this cd is soooooooooo cool ! i love push it ! its the best song on the album !
 I picked up this CD with a lot of apprehension . But needless to say , I 'm happy to prove myself wrong . This is one of the most refreshing musical offerings to come out in recent years.The Band sounds tight and well-knit and Shirley ... Just fantastic . Way to go Guys !!
 This is the best c.d. Garbage has ever put out . Honestly I have heard her others and this is the only c.d. that had songs on there I enjoyed . I 'm very picky about music and this sound on 2.0 is the best from the band to me . I like Shirley 's tone on the songs and the very background music is awesome a lot of the times , especially on Temptation Waits , or Medication . I had this album when I was young , but a few months ago I saw it at Barnes and Noble and I decided why not , for good ole nostalgia ? I was blown away as I remember a few of the songs right away , especially I Think I 'm Paranoid , one of my most favorite songs back when the c.d. came out.Anyway , to cut to the chase , I just wanted to write a good review on this c.d. because even after all these years I still have found to enjoy this album , while the rest of her albums I have not liked so this album definitely sticks out.The best songs on here are the beginning songs really , they are the ones that stick out the most to me , and have the best sound .1 -RRB- I Think I 'm Paranoid -LRB- the best on here to me -RRB- .2 -RRB- Medication -LRB- I love hearing this song , it just sounds great -RRB- .3 -RRB- Temptation Waits -LRB- kind of scary , but cool sounding -RRB- .4 -RRB- Special -LRB- I remembered this song too , love it -RRB- .5 -RRB- When I Grow Up -LRB- I remember this song off Big Daddy with Adam Sandler and ca n't get it out of my head sometimes -RRB- .6 -RRB- Push It -LRB- catchy song , I always found this song a tad on the creepy side but it also is so great and strong in sound -RRB- . Those are my top fav six , and the ones that stand out the most . The six songs are all five star , and that 's why this album is one to buy for those songs I have pointed out . Even if you do n't like Garbage 's new albums , check out 2.0 , it is way more awesome trust me , do n't ignore this one . It 's a keeper .
 wow my friend got me started on garbage a few months ago and that was the start of another big garbage fan !!! this band kicks arse !!!!!! thank you Annie !!!!
 Garbage is my absolute favorite band in the world ! Their music is haunting and amazing and so interesting to listen to . You CAN NOT fall asleep to it at all . -LRB- i tried and i was up till 4 in the morning and I had listened to the CD 31/2 times -RRB- . There is n't one bad song on it . On top of that Shirley Manson has a great voice and writes gorgeous lyrics . When you start listening to it as much as I do you 'll find yourself lip syncing every song on the cd . My favorite song on V2 .0 is Medication . It 's really sad and I guess I can relate to it . This album is sometimes called Shirley 's Autobiography because she wrote all the songs and they 're all about her life . It 's the most underrated cd ever . No one I know likes Garbage cause they think that they 're stupid -LRB- after all who would name their band GARBAGE ? -RRB- but they do n't see how great they are and wo n't even give them a chance . this is a really awesome cd -LRB- better than the last one although that one was great too -RRB- and everyone should listen to it . Temptation Waits - The chorus to this song is really cool . It is really interesting and you can hear two people singing for some reason . The effect of the song stays with you all day . I Think I 'm Paranoid - Again the chorus is really good . It 's another catchy song . When I Grow Up - This song is off the Big Daddy Soundtrack . It 's a really cool song . The coolest thing about it is the way they altered Shirley 's voice . Medication - This is a slow , sad , haunting song . That 's all I can say . It 's so hard to describe . You have to listen to it yourself . Special - This is a fun song and very upbeat . It 's a song to sing to a guy you 're dumping . My friends love it but it 's not really my favorite . Hammering In My Head - This is a song that tells you that Shirley is slightly screwed up -LRB- but in a good way ! who else could write it so well ? -RRB- . Its very fast and very sexy . Shirley 's voice is great in this one . It 's scary . Push It - Another fast excellent song . It 's just so fascinating the sound of it . So hard to describe . The Trick Is To Keep Breathing - Slow , pretty sad song thats very catchy . It makes you think . Dumb - I LOOOOVVVEE when she goes `` I 've GOT to keep myself together '' . Its so fast and scary and thats when the beat picks up in the song . Sleep Together - Another extremely haunting song . At the end the song goes crazy and you hear a mix of like 50 different sounds . I think it definately symbolizes the confusion that Shirley 's going through in this song and her low self esteem . Wicked Ways - A very catchy song . Not really my favorite but very interesting with a good chorus . You Look So Fine - This is the most interesting , haunting , beautiful song ever . It is really slow and it 's romantic , sad and eerie all at the same time . It 's really really good .
 This is the best CD in the world ! It 's a great follow-up of their fantastic 1995 self-titled album , `` Garbage '' . If you have n't bought it yet , you must be out of your mind or something ! The whole CD is full of great music to soothe you and lyrics to amaze you . And another thing
 Hello = -RRB- if your looking for great music , then you need this CD , you wo n't be dissapointed by it . ` Milk ` is my personal favorite , it makes me want to cry . . tears of sympathy -LRB- and of joy -RRB- for this great song , i do n't care who knows it . . it 's wonderful , and Shirley Manson has a great voice for all who appreciate great voices , she can really sing , and touch your soul . Have a nice day .
 Garbage has been a to of my favorite bands per years and their singer Shirley -LRB- apart from pretty -RRB- she sings phenomenal . . And the reason has been for this excellent disk that anything has to request to other rockeras of high caliber as PJ Harvey or patti Smith.With sounds influenced by Eurmethics , Depeche Mode , The beach boys , beatles , New order , Roxy music , ace of bases , Roxette and other big onesThis album is advisable for everything that wants to find a fresh sound between the crazy pop softness and the aggression of the Rock . For all what think that all alone one is Britney or those that do n't know that it is Madonna or they already clinged enough to Avril Lavigne ... Great disk .
 Garbage really improved greatly on their second album . Their self-titled album is good of course , but version 2.0 has much more of a developed sound probably due to the fact that the whole band actually wrote the album toghether . The self-titled album was more of a top 40 album while version 2.0 is more of something that you would listen to in its entirety .
 WIth tracks like I Think I 'm Paranoid and Push It this album is far from Garbage . This album also contains top tracks like When I Grow Up -LRB- my favourite -RRB- , Special and You look So Fine , which make you understand why this band are rated so highly throughout Europe and America . Any fan of their previous album will love this
 For starters , Sting won the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song 2001 , that 's just the tip of the iceberg ... Rolfe Kent provides an outstanding score for this James Mangold -LRB- director/screenwriter -RRB- story from Steve Rogers -LRB- original story/screenwriter -RRB- ... with an abel cast of Meg Ryan -LRB- Kate -RRB- , Hugh Jackman -LRB- Leopold -RRB- and Liev Schreiber -LRB- Stuart Bessler -RRB- , the story falls short of all expectations ... but never fear our composer for the score Rolfe Kent saves the day for the CD release.With shades of Henry Mancini , various cues take a fun , quirky and comedy with sprinkles of romance , like `` Charade '' or `` Man 's Favorite Sport '' , much like Mancini , Rolfe lends a flavor of JAZZ , WALTZES and even MARCHES , that seems to fit and work ... just give a listen to `` YOU DID SO GREAT '' -LRB- Kate 's Theme -RRB- , like something out of another Mancini film `` The Great Race '' , do n't get me wrong ... `` DEAREST KATE '' , blends much of `` Our Man In Hollywood '' -LRB- Henry Mancin -RRB- into each fascinating cue , providing melodic counterpoints , that Mancini could whip up in seconds , I like what Rolfe has done for this picture , gives it the texture and fabric that pulls off many scenes , it 's about the only thing worthwhile ... Kent 's soundtrack!So `` film-score-buff '' collectors , if it 's good listening ... you 've come to the right place for comedy , light and whimsical music ... as Henry Mancini lives through Rolfe Kent , got ta love it.Total Time
 This is an absolutely wonderful and poignant CD . Cudos to Kent . My favorite part is the final cut by underground artist Jula Bell . I was so pleased to hear her singing on something like this . Cheers to Kent for having the guts to take a chance with someone who is a truly cutting edge artist known for her integrity . I was pleasantly surprised to see her name on the CD after hearing her shiver inducing track . Why did Sting get all of that attention ? Bell 's song blows doors on his . It 's simplicity and bold melody is the heart and soul of the soundtrack . Why was n't this song in the movie ? Buy this cd to hear one of the best female vocalists out there --
 The majority of cuts on the CD are run of the mill soundtrack fair . That being said , the CD is worth the purchase price for `` Until '' written and performed by Sting . I predict it will become an ageless favorite !
 Rather than skipping this CD and buying only `` Strauss Dances , '' as I recommended in June , buy both and copy them onto two sides of a 90-minute audio cassette.Rolfe Kent 's soundtrack holds up very well over time -- except for the last number , a vocal not heard in the movie . Rearrange and re-engineer the songs as you like them . I put `` Tivoli-Rutsch Walzer '' on the tape where it should have been.You might also find Django Rhinehart 's `` Honeysuckle Rose , '' which worked so well in the movie , and insert that where it should be . Lose the `` Back Where You Belong '' vocal and let Sting sing last.On the other side , let the Gaudier Ensemble serenade you with `` Tivoli '' and whatever other dances you like . Voila , the perfect tape .
 The music on this cd is a lot like the movie ... different , but with a great romantic edge to it . The only thing is that to enjoy it , you need to like music with no words that can put a picture in your mind ... this does exactly that . If you loved the movie , I would DEFINATELY recomend this cd .
 The soundtrack for `` Kate and Leopold '' is an excellent one , and the beautiful and dreamy musical segments evoke warm and happy memories of the delightful film and the scenes which are represented by the music.I am very happy to have bought this CD .
 I enjoyed this CD immeasurably . Kent is a genius with his timing . Very full Copeland and Stravinsky inspired overtures laced with a delightfully romantic motive all come together to climax with with the delicate and sweet bluesy `` Back Where I Belong '' sung by Jula Bell . What is disturbing to me is that new talent , Jula Bell has been overshadowed by Sting and his `` Until '' . I enjoyed the Sting song , but think that `` Back Where I Belong '' would have been a much better choice as the soundtrack hit . Does anyone know where else I can find recordings with Jula Bell on them ?
 The music is most enjoyable . Usually when I see a movie , and like it I will se it a secondtime and pay very close attention to the music score , rahter than the dialogue .
 The CD was good quality . It played great and I had no problems at all . It was everything that I expected and more . This is now one of my favorite CD 's and look forward to hearing it for a long time to come . Their description was accurate and I would be comfortable buying from this seller again .
 I rec 'd the Kate & Leopold soundtrack in record time and love all the songs . Just what I hoped it would be . Thanks - Margie Brunn
 This is an absolutely wonderful and poignant CD . Cudos to Kent . My favorite part is the final cut by underground artist Jula Bell . I was so pleased to hear her singing on something like this . Cheers to Kent for having the guts to take a chance with someone who is a truly cutting edge artist known for her integrity . I was pleasantly surprised to see her name on the CD after hearing her shiver inducing track . Why did Sting get all of that attention ? Bell 's song blows doors on his . It 's simplicity and bold melody is the heart and soul of the soundtrack . Why was n't this song in the movie ? Buy this cd to hear one of the best female vocalists out there --
 Great CD , Brings back memories of hound dog sitting on a folding chair in a small bar in Framingham Mass. 1970 's . Twice ; he came over to a friend 's fathers bar after a gig in Cambridge and played rockin ' blues 'till the wee hours of the morning . It 's been a long time but I think this cd is the same set of tunes he played back then . Not like being there but the next best thing !
 This double volume CD is a great tool for the begginer and experts DJ who mixes CDs . Since CD mixing is still fairly modern it is hard to find good loops , beats , scratches , and effects . Simmon Harris has put together a wide range of beats for DJ 's to use . Each track includes the BPM -LRB- beats per minute -RRB- , a very helpfull feature that you wo n't find too often . The price may seem steep at first glance , yet when you realize the use you will get out of this great tool it is worth it . `` Once you use it , you will never put it away ''
 5 stars , 500 stars , who can count ? Chet is Chet and Smith and Neel keep the pots on , as they used to say , but the ` star ' is Russ Freeman . I alwayd dug Russ . Here he cooks like crazy .
 I continue to be a huge fan of Jeff 's music . This is another example of beautiful music , that really makes a difference - I listen to the music and feel better . My son who has special needs is also a huge fan as the music centers him and helps him stay calm . As with all Jeff 's CDs , I highly recommend , `` Soul of a Mountain '' if you enjoy music for its ability to help you feel good , inspired and just a bit more in tune with the world .
 Wonderful music . Very relaxing and I love listening to Jeff 's music as I enjoy retirement in Mexico .
 Jeff Gold 's Soul of a Mountain CD is great when I am trying to go to sleep . I use it every night , especially when I am stressed or anxious . This music is very soothing and helps calm my nerves . Also , this music is fabulous for my occasional afternoon naps . I also enjoy all of his other albums like Sleep Well and Escapes , because all of his music is terrific for relaxation . I am normally asleep before the music is over , and it normally takes me a while to fall asleep without it . I would recommend all of his albums to people who have trouble falling asleep and anxiety .
 I own two CD 's by Jeff Gold
 Blaze had started out in 1987 with `` If You Should Need A Friend '' and is the same group who released an album on Motown in 1990 titled `` 25 Years Later . '' The singles from that full-length joint were `` So Special '' and `` We All Must Live Together . '' Since then , the Newark , New Jersey trio has become a duo -LRB- Josh Milan and Kevin Hedge -RRB- who have returned to their club roots on this Slip 'N Slide CD with impressive results.If you are a true Househead , then this CD is highly recommended . The CD begins with `` My Beat '' with Kevin Hedge asking the listener if you up on his beat . Listen closely for his inquiry is a double entrendre . Track two , `` Cult Of Soul , '' is a divine instrumental with both an electric guitar riff and flamenco influenced acoustic guitar . Clocking in at over seven minutes , it is sure to please the true House music lover . `` Wishing You Were Here '' is a breakbeat track . All the tracks on this CD are House , except for this one and , therefore , stands out like a sore thumb . `` Sacred Sex '' begins with a one minute monologue on sister girl 's opinions on sex in general . Once she leaves the floor , the House grooves once again with pure , unadulterated delight.Lastly , the massive underground House hit , `` Another Dae , '' closes out the set . Listen to that sax open up the track before it slams the groove!Comparable comparisons to `` Basic Blaze '' include Kevin Yost 's `` One Starry Night '' CD and Gene Farris ' `` Planet House '' opus . Again , if you are a true Househead , then this CD is a must have .
 I 'm a Local DJ , for years ... and this BASIC BLAZE Import is a must for any True DJ-mixer 's collections , smooth Hyped house Rhythms as only BLAZE can ... deliver . This is the type of sounds , that you will play Many years later , and Everyone thinks its an in ' Groove . Klubtrance and Wishing you were here are cant miss tracks , and My Beat . . just starts the House party right.Dont miss on this , if you like Mr. Fingers , Blaze , Frankie Knuckles . . and all the true House masters not mentioned , You better get this , its Blaze 's best and all his earlier tracks were hard Stoppers , as well . - Djvince -
 Del Shannon wrote some of the most distributing and depressing songs in rock music . The eerie landscapes and sounds of songs like the classic `` Runaway '' , `` Hats Off to Larry '' , `` Keep Searchin ' -LRB- Follow the Sun -RRB- '' , `` Little Town Flirt '' & `` Stranger In Town '' speak of true heartache and despair . The sound that Mr. Shannon created was original and nothing before or since has quite matched the moodiness of these songs .
 This is by far the hotest album out right now next to the ying yang twins . Every song brought a unique and fresh flavor that kept tempting you to listen to each song 100 times . Excellent album , `` Playas Only '' was fenominal along with the dramatic soap opera of `` Trapped In The Closet '' pts.1-5 . Very few of the songs in this album left you bored . This is definetly R.Kelly 's greatest masterpiece ever . He will be getting a couple of grammy 's for this extreme release.My Song Ratings :1 . Playas Only feat . The Game 10/10 highlight chart topper2 . Happy Summertime feat Snoop Dogg 8/10 Classic Snoop Dogg beat3 . In The Kitchen 8.5 / 10 clever ryming4 . Slow Wind 5/10 mmmm ... different5 . Put My T-Shirt On 9.5 / 10 great song6 . Remote Control 2/10 - Worst song on album , clever though7 . Kickin ' It With Your Girlfriend 10/10 great beat8 . Reggae Bump Bump feat . Elephant Man 7.5 / 10 funny song9 . Touchin ' feat . Nivea 8.5 / 10 set the mood with this song10 . Girls Go Crazy feat . Baby 8/10 sounds like a Missy Elliot beat11 . Hit It Till The Mornin ' feat . Twista 9/10 love twista and fast ryming12 . Sex Weed 8.5 / 10 clever13 . -LRB- Sex -RRB- Love is What we Makin ' 7/10 good slow R&B ; beat14 . Burn It Up 7.5 / 10 like the jamaican flavor15 . Trapped In The Closet pt .1 10/10 Great interlude16 . Trapped In The Closet pt .2 10/10 My favorite one - humorous17 . Trapped In The Closet pt .3 10/10 Best Rymes out of the 518 . Trapped In The Closet pt .4 10/10 Most Dramatic19 . Trapped In The Closet pt .5 10/10 Great finisher to this albumComing soon
 R.kelly the Clean version is still tight . He is the Greatest Artist Ever . there is nothing that he ca n't do Musically.as a Writer , Arranger & Producer , Vocalist , Conceptionilist He has no Peer . he has single-handly Saved R&B Music . He ai n't had to make any excuses abotu Downloading or File-Sharing Because He is the Top Dog on the Charts.Album is number Pop & R&B . 5 Number 1 Pop Albums & the 9nth Time that R.kelly has Been Number one on the R & b charts.Trapped in the Closet takes you back to a whole different time period.where the Radio told you a story.He is a Blues Man with a Soulful presentation . he has alot of Humor along with many different storys going on.R.kelly is the Black Charlie Chaplin.He can beat you in so many ways.he is the Most Versatile Artist & He always Re-Invents His Style & Vibe.he is the Pulse of Music & He is Timeless.He is the Genius of Music.He Is the Baddest Cat on the Planet Musically.be it R&B , Pop,Hip-Hop , etc. . . he is the Best Period.the Mini Movie is Classic.His Facial Expressions be Cracking me up.His Music is setting a whole new standard.there is nobody else like Him .
 In all honesty I previewed this album many times-online , in record stores and passed it up every time . And there 's for it . A lot of modern R&B ; performers get straight to the point with their music . With R.Kelly he borrows from his forebearers -LRB- Stevie Wonder , Marvin Gay , Jam & Lewis , etc -RRB- in the sense even his most commercial tunes take much time to build to their best . That being said this is actually a great album-one his strongest and most ambitious as well . And for me anyway it 's the strongest of the `` 12 Play '' series thus far . And there 's a new outlook here as well . The previous two albums in the series put much emphasis on it 's slower content and the carnal side of life . Here the tempos are , if not all the up all the time are at least more varied and the emphasis is often more on sexual curiousities and questions rather than mere seduction . It takes a more psychosexual look upon things in the mold of Prince to a degree . Sometimes even the point of forcing the artist himself to raise an eyebrow . Which , of course he does great wit as always.To be said there 's plenty of contempo hip-hop styled stuff here such as `` Playa 's Only '' , `` Put My T Shirt On '' and `` Hit Me Til The Mornin ' '' . Though rather than looking towards some techno/European classical arrangement which is the typical route to travel musically these are contempo R&B ; cuts with heavy funk references such as polyrhythms and call and response lyrics . Of course for one of R 's purely sophistifunk/boogie style numbers you 'll want to go straight to the breezy `` Happy Summertime '' with Snoop Dogg , one of the best R.Kelly 's done in the form and very much in the vein of Mariah Carey ` sSay Somethin , only with of course a far more naturally soulful vibe . `` Kickin It With Your Girlfriend '' , `` Slow Wind '' and `` Reggae Bump Bump '' all introduce heavier Caribbean and even reggaeton elements into his sound . Yes that was a bit trendy at the time but he does a great job building up and into them . The funny , lusty ballds `` In The Kitchen '' and `` Sex Weed ' alternately compares sexuality with first cooking a meal and than with `` smoking spliffs '' . There 's also the great mix of old and new rhythms on `` Burn It Up '' as well , a great retro/modern funk jam.The album concludes with a complex suit of five songs call `` Trapped In The Closet '' and this particular CD edition features a DVD with the 20 minute music video which exactly visualizes the songs lyrical imagry . Set to a Stevie Wonder like jazz/R & B ; style suite -LRB- with a modern instrumental twist -RRB- the lyrics tell a narrative story directly describing a series of personal encounters and sexual affairs that all runs terribly amok and comes to an abrupt and surprising conclusion . It basically deals with how people always wind up in bad places in life when they have to keep inventing lies to cover over another . The title has a literal and figurative meaning since part of the narrative involves a homosexual tryst between two make characters and , in that area actually encourages honesty about ones sexuality -LRB- whatever it may be -RRB- over secrecy . Overall this album is one of R Kelly 's most rhythmically complex , funky and satisfying albums to date as well as one of his most conceptually unified . And it will take maybe a couple full listens before it all sinks in . But it says a lot about this artists emotional and creative mind as well so it works on many different levels .
 Back in the great musical 60 's , Los Angeles production of the awesome Broadway Musical `` Hair '' was fortunate to have Jennifer in the lead and when this soulful singer came out & belted `` Easy To Be Hard '' with passionate and smoldering intensity , you knew `` A Star Was Born '' or at least the career of a brilliant singer had begun . Rushing out looking for Jennifer recordings was frustrating as the first Lp `` I Can Remember Everything '' did n't have anything equal to what audiences were hearing on stage in `` Hair '' . `` Chelesa Morning '' and `` Here There And Everywhere '' from this debut album sound fine here but it was Jennifer 's second Lp `` See Me , Touch Me , Feel Me , Heal Me '' that caught the brilliance represented here by the definitive `` Easy To Be Hard '' which becomes a stirring anthem for this great singer . Jennifer in great form throughout this eclectic album and should have become a huge Superstar upon release of this fine Lp but radio refused to play Jennifer for some strange reason & not for lack quality of the gem filled stellar `` See Me , Touch Me , Feel Me , Heal Me '' collection . Jennifer played various Los Angeles clubs always packed-out & this soulful singer was always incredible to experience live in concert ! Next songs in this awesome collection are from 1972 Reprise Records masterpiece strangely not given any promotion and simply titled `` Jennifer '' produced brilliantly by John Cale . `` Love Lifts Us Up '' features five songs from `` Jennifer '' which sadly still has not been released on Compact Disc and this bizarre oversight needs to be corrected as each song is total perfection ! `` In The Morning '' is a rich and glorious version of the Barry Gibb original while `` Sand And Foam '' is a totally mesmerizing vocal with an ethereal arrangement . Jimmy Webb composed `` P.F. Sloan '' is fascinating as his `` All My Love 's Laughter '' featuring Jennifer at her soulful and passionate best and these were always amazing to experience in concert . Final gem from `` Jennifer '' is Jackson Brown classic `` These Days '' , a great single that radio would not play yet clearly another stellar vocal performance that could have been a huge hit for Jennifer with radio exposure . Sadly missing from this wondrous collection from `` Jennifer '' is the haunting and mesmerizing `` Be My Friend '' building with smoldering intensity and one of the best ever songs from this soulful singer . Several years went by then her last name added with the release of `` Jennifer Warnes '' chart success finally came with `` Right Time Of The Night '' and several others but this was token considering Jennifer Warnes incredible talent and remarkable output . Stunning original `` Daddy Do n't Go '' sadly not in this collection is a raw and soulful classic that show what is great about this gifted artist as does another Jennifer original happily contained in this collection the wistful `` I 'm Restless '' . Riveting gospel version of the Jagger/Richards `` Shine A Light '' is tremendous and Jennifer lets it rip to great effect . Love when Jennifer shows off her soulful vocal power like in an excellent remake of Dionne Warwick classic `` Do n't Make Me Over '' ... fine surprise showing Jennifer should cut loose like this more often ... always enjoyed the powerful side of Jennifer 's voice as it is a great contrast to her fine delicate tones . A magical and haunting `` It Goes Like It Goes '' from `` Norma Rae '' is a wonder and that classic duet with Joe Cocker `` Up Where We Belong '' show how great this singer is when she loosens up and lets go ... wished for a Philly Soul set from Jennifer for a long time ... Bravo Jennifer and thank you for sharing your wonderful gift all these years ! Those who love a mesmerizing gorgeous voice do n't miss this wondrous collection filled with great & highly unique songs by a magnificent singer ...
 Raven 's `` Love Lifts Us Up '' is an excellent collection . It is nice to have clean digital versions of some of Jennifer Warnes ' early work . Her voice has always been expressive and gorgeous . I became a fan from her appearances on TV with the Smothers Brothers and have followed her since . On this collection , her excellent rendition of early songs by Joni Mitchell , Jimmy Webb , Jackson Browne and Donovan come alive again . The liner notes are informative and give detail on Jennifer 's career . On the Rolling Stones ' `` Shine a Light , '' Jennifer transforms the song and remakes it as a life-affirming anthem . She does an exquisite job on Randy Sharp 's tune `` Could It Be Love , '' a track that builds with a sexy swagger . The set closes with Tom Snow 's `` All the Right Moves . '' This is an excellent and much-needed retrospective that spans years and labels , but remains unified in the exquisite quality that is the hallmark of Jennifer Warnes ' work . Wow !
 My GOD what a beautiful voice ! How , as music lovers , could we let this talented lady slip off into oblivion ? Her rendition of Donovan 's Sand and Foam paints incredibly beautiful pictures in my mind . How this track never got played on radio is something I will never comprehend . I have several of her vinyl LP 's and had just about given up on trying to find any of her incredible work on CD . I just want a give a heart felt `` Thank You '' to Raven for bringing this amazing lady 's talents to light again .
 This is a long overdue compilation of Jennifer Warnes ` career . I love this new CD and I can not recommend it highly enough . It includes tracks from her two albums on the Parrot label and several from her 1972 album , `` Jennifer '' , on Reprise . While the compilation ends at 1983 , Jennifer Warnes ` career still continued with the amazing `` Famous Blue Raincoat '' and the shamefully neglected albums `` The Hunter '' and `` The Well '' . I can only hope that there will be a CD of songs from films and collaborations with other artists . If America produced a singer in the league of Dusty Springfield , it would be Jennifer Warnes . This CD of her early career is a gem and should not be overlooked . It is marvelous and it proves that her earliest work was excellent . It is the voice this woman possesses that is a great instrument . Jennifer Warnes is so , so fine . Hear her and find out for yourself . She has magic in her voice . I can only hope that we will be hearing more Jennifer Warnes music . Another compilation and a new album from this gifted artist would be a blessing to behold . Sing Jennifer , Sing !
 Some nights when I leave work for the day I look into the night and always feel so much better when I discover there is a full moon . I feel the same way about the music of Jennifer Warnes . I 'm glad to know it 's there . Jennifer and her beautiful voice has been such an inspiration to me over the years . I am truly glad that this collection includes her early work . Jennifer 's music will stand the test of time , i.e. 20 or 30 years from now people will still be listening to the music of Jennifer Warnes . But you do n't have to wait that long . Buy this great collection of songs and give your heart a treat ! After all to quote a Jennifer Warnes song `` all we have is here and now '' . So buy it !
 A lot of times , great female singers slip underneath the public 's radar . In our time , we have largely missed or ignored potentially great women because of the anodyne , squeaky-clean Carrie Underwood or the equally anodyne -LRB- and Autotuned -RRB- Taylor Swift . In the case of Jennifer Warnes , however , it was a case of being a great singer in an era , the late 1960s and 1970s , where there were so many of that kind of caliber . Fortunately , in 2004 , the Australian import label Raven put together a hugely reasonable compilation of Jennifer 's music spanning the period from her 1968 recordings of Joni Mitchell 's `` Chelsea Morning '' and the Beatles ' `` Here , There , And Everywhere '' up to `` All The Right Moves '' , her duet with Chris Thompson for the 1983 Tom Cruise film of the same name.Born in Seattle but primarily bought up in Orange County here in Southern California , Jennifer first attracted notice in both a production of the ultimate counterculture musical `` Hair '' and then on the Smothers Brothers ' TV variety show . Her earliest recordings were for the same label -- Parrot Records -- that counted Tom Jones and Engelbert Humperdinck as labelmates . In the early 1970s , she attracted some notice for her covers of Jackson Browne 's `` These Days '' and Jimmy Webb 's `` P.F. Sloan '' ; but it was really in early 1977 that she came into her own , when `` Right Time Of The Night '' hit # 6 on the Hot 100 ; and in late 1979 , `` I Know A Heartache When I See One '' hit a very respectable # 19 . Both of those big hits , due in no small part to Jennifer 's vocal phrasing and the use of certain familiar L.A. musicians on them -LRB- Kenny Edwards ; Andrew Gold -RRB- , sometimes got her mistaken for Linda Ronstadt , at a time when Linda was the songstress that a lot of women , Jennifer included , admired to the hilt -LRB- indeed , both women were heard as backing vocalists together on the title track of Warren Zevon 's 1978 album EXCITABLE BOY -RRB- . Jennifer , however , has carved out a very distinguished career of her own , as can be gauged on this compilation , which includes more than a few movie themes , including her monster # 1 hit duet with Joe Cocker , `` Up Where We Belong '' , from the 1982 film AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMAN , and `` It Goes Like It Goes '' , the Oscar-winning song from the 1979 classic NORMA RAE , plus her version of Dionne Warwick 's first big hit from 1962 , `` Do n't Make Me Over . '' . Since this compilation ends at 1983 , it does n't include her # 1 DIRTY DANCING duet with Bill Medley , `` I 've Had The Time Of My Life . '' It does , however , include a lot of great stuff all the same from a singer who , like a lot of great female singers past and present , is not one of those so hugely well-known by the public because of her lack of an artificial image . Jennifer Warnes is a singer well worth revisiting , whether it 's for her film songs , the early singer/songwriter material , or her late 70s solo hits .
 Finally we get to hear Jennifer 's late 60s and early 70s folky work . This collection is long overdue , it 's great to have some of her soundtrack work -LRB- the songs from Norma Rae and All the Right Moves -RRB- . But I still would like to see a definitive 2-CD set of her entire career which would include more of her soundtrack work . This is a great place to start , let 's hear more from this hugely under-appreciated artist !
 A wonderful collection depicting Jennifer 's unique talent from early on through her later years ! It is a truly captivating and memorable musical journey with this Jennifer Warnes album . Extremely glad I made this purchase !
 This is an essential collection of Jennifer Warnes early work -LRB- pre-Famous Blue Raincoat -RRB- for enthusiasts . It allows the listener to hear the evolution in Ms. Warnes abilities although the purity of her voice was there from the beginning .
 Jennifer Warnes has always been a great recording artist and has made some fantastic titles songs for some of the greatest films in the past . She is timeless and this album is a great example of that .
 Beautiful singing and a great collection of memorable songs . They 're all nice , but my favorite one is the song used in the movie Norma Rae with Sally Field - It Goes Like It Goes
 Jennifer Warnes has one of the most beautiful voices on this planet . Her rich alto sound is so soothing to listen to . She can also belt out a wonderful sound as well ... incredible to have such versatility . This album contains a whole bunch of her material over the years and so it 's interesting to hear her voice change during that time . Like a fine wine , it mellows with age and becomes even better over time . This is not to even hint that her voice has n't been fantastic during her entire career but perhaps it 's the style and choice of music which has made me a huge fan and I especially like this album because it is shares an entire career 's worth of songs . I wish she would release a Christmas CD . Her website plays the most beautiful songs . Enjoy some of her well-known classics as well as others you might not be as familiar with and just sit back and enjoy this extremely gifted artist whose voice GOLDEN .
 Is Jennifer Warnes doomed to do movie music to make a few bucks ? With that crystal voice of hers , why does n't somebody write this broad some good commercial songs where she can show what she 's got ?
 In this video Lou Reed is back at the Bottom Line Club in N.Y. , backed by the band from ` The Blue Mask ' and ` Legendary Hearts , ' the early 80 's albums that signalled a major comeback for Reed . Robert Quine on guitar , Fernando Saunders on bass and Fred Maher on drums would continue to work with Reed throughout the decade , and Saunders is still working with Lou now . But it 's the music that makes this a night to remember . Classic rockers such as `` Sweet Jane '' and `` Waiting for the Man '' are interspersed with terrific versions of `` Martial Law '' and `` Waves of Fear . '' This is Lou Reed at a vibrant and creative time in his career , able to present older material such as `` Kill Your Sons '' and `` Satellite of Love '' with the same energy and originality with which he invests his newer songs . One bonus - you can catch Andy Warhol in the audience and if you read his diaries you will find a refernce to this performance . Lou appears a little apprehensive at times during the show , less confident than at other times during his career , but that does not impair his performance one bit . Wait for the backstage comments at the end of the show when he describes hitting a `` perfect note '' which lifts him up away from the stage and into the audience . This is a tight , controlled rock 'n' roll show which all Lou Reed fans will enjoy , both new and old .
 A relic from the Robert Quine days of Lou 's career , and ... along with the excellent `` Live In Italy '' CD ... the only other `` official '' concert release . Quine is rightfully credited as the man who got Lou to pick up the guitar again , and that revived interest produced some pretty entertaining `` right channel , left channel '' battles . 4 stars instead of 5 because Lou never really cuts loose here like he did on the `` Live In Italy '' 17-minute medley of `` Some Kinda Love / Sister Ray . '' You do get Lou `` floating '' -LRB- as he describes it backstage after the show -RRB- during the guitar solo to `` Kill Your Sons . '' Like Ringo Starr said in a recent issue of Rolling Stone , in regard to seeing Bob Dylan in concert , `` You go to Bob 's gig , and you get what Bob wants to give you . '' Same holds true for Lou . On some nights the genius comes out . On other nights , the genius phones it in . On the `` Night With Lou Reed '' DVD , you 'll see about 4/5ths of the genius ... not bad , not definitive , just Lou on one New York night , and worth every penny of the $ 13.49 that Amazon is charging . LOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU !
 This DVD has good atmosphere . It is fullscreen , and shot as video , so the quality is as good as it gets , but that is pretty good for a 1983 era show . The song selection is great , and Lou puts in great versions of Kill Your Sons , Turn Out The Lights , and Waves of Fear . The only drawback is the length at 60 minutes . On DVD they should have extended the show , but you ca n't everything . If you like Lou , this is a great DVD to get . Both the picture and sound quality are much enhanced from the VHS version . Absolutely no extras !
 Lou Reed , Love him or Hate him . For many there is no in between . Having seen him live since the Velvet Underground , his shows range from brilliant to `` let 's leave . '' This dvd records for posterity a pretty decent show . While I remember one of his shows at the Roxy in LA as the best I ever saw , this dvd will provide the listener with an extremely enjoyable rememberance . Filmed in 1983 , Lou is joined by frequent bandmates , Robert Quine on Guitar and Fernando Saunders on Bass plus Fred Maher on Drums.Tracks include
 Great DVD ! I waited 6 hours for front row seats general admission . It was worth the wait . A very HOT show . Not only was Warhol there , but some of the members of the 80 's band the Go-Go 's , and Adam Ant.In the last song `` Rock & Roll '' , they do a 10 second close up of me in the audience playing air guitar . My 15 minutes of fame!Lou is the grandfather of Punk and a classic Rock & Roll ICON . But this disk & enjoy .
 I 'm glad they 've put this out on DVD ; I bought it back in '84 on videocassette . It was a classic then and now . Lou Reed has never sounded better in his solo career , and he 's backed by a dream band -LRB- half of Richard Hell & the Voidoids with Fernando Saunders on bass -RRB- . As Lou says after the concert , the set is `` short and delicious '' -- a mix of VU and solo faves with tracks from his excellent early '80s albums `` The Blue Mask '' and `` Legendary Hearts . `` Back in ' 83 , Lou had been off the road for at least a couple of years , and he seems , for once , to be enjoying himself onstage . Also , he 's in great voice -LRB- given his limited range -RRB- , still able to actually sing VU tracks like `` Rock and Roll '' and `` New Age , '' not just talk or shout them . Those tracks in particular appear here in arguably their best-ever versions , the VU never having quite nailed them on `` Loaded '' or on the various live versions floating around.Almost all the songs from his solo career are considerably improved over their studio versions , especially `` Kill Your Sons , '' a powerful song that got lost on a bad album -LRB- `` Sally Ca n't Dance '' -RRB- . Lou 's insane feedback solo on this one says more about the electoshock therapy that is the song 's subject than the lyrics do . Also , special kudos to `` Turn Out the Light , '' which is kind of flat on `` Legendary Hearts , '' but is playful and edgy live , capped by a funky -LRB- ! -RRB- , almost countryish guitar solo by Lou . It 's funny to watch him pull faces during the solo , almost as if he ca n't believe he 's playing it.And the band is just superb
 This is my first Lou Reed Video . I can honestly say that I enjoyed it . I have gained some new perspective on Lou 's music . He is a true professional . Before I turned it on , I knew I would like my favorites , Sweet Jane and Walk on the Wild Side , but I found myself enveloped in the other songs , which I had never heard before . I was a casual Lou Reed Fan.I think if I liked it , then a real hardcore fan will love it.The video is high quality and the sound is great , it 's like having a front row seat . I 'm glad I purchased this one .
 I 'm a big Lou Reed fan . I have a couple of his live CD 's . I find that he is better live than in the studio . And , this DVD reaffirms that fact for me.It 's an excellent playlist , and the energy just continues to grow as the concert progresses . I wish that the concert was longer . That would be my only complaint . The DVD left me wanting just a little bit more to complete the experience.The sound quality is excellent , and the filming is well done in a minimalist way , which is appropriate for the forum in which Lou Reed is playing .
 What we have here is simply the greatest band that Reed has ever assembled in his entire solo career , playing some of his strongest material in an outstanding fiery way . Alongside Reed 's ever charimastic performance , mr. Robert ` Voidoid ' Quine is in IMHO really the main force at this concert , delivering his trademark blistering guitar solos all over the place , backed by the solid rhythm section of Saunders and Maher . The song selection is very good , ranging from VU to `` Blue Mask '' , the sound quality is nice and the shooting have an adequate sparse elegance.Well , folks , this is SHEER PERFECTION for Lou Reed 's fans !!!
 When I was first introduced to Lou Reed about 2 years ago I had mixed feelings about the man and his music . In June of 2000 I was treated to a live performance by Lou and Co. in Portland , Or . while he was on tour to promote the release of Ecstasy ! That night was a stand on your feet , foot stomping night to remember and I came away a true Lou fan ! I mention this because I have that same feeling every time I watch `` A Night with Lou Reed . '' Lou 's great , the music 's great and the film is flawless . It 's easy to see that Lou is having fun and the electricity is freely flowing between artist and audience ! Once again I am captivated by the man 's ability to capture and hold on to an audience from the beginning to the end of a truely great show !! I highly recommend `` A Night with Lou Reed '' to anyone who wants to experience the feel of sitting in the front row at a performance by one of America 's true Rock and Roll Animals !
 This is just the kind of Lou Reed concert you wish you could have been present at . And fortunately , someone filmed it , so you can get as close as the mists of time will allow . Lou 's playing for his peers in NYC , like Andy Warhol , and pulling out all the stops . The band , with Fernando Saunders on bass , and Robert Quine on Guitar , absolutely melts together , they 're so tight . Lou was on an upswing here , having just released one of his best solo albums ever , THE BLUE MASK , and showing off what turned out to be his live sound for the next 15 years . In interviews , Lou called this `` Adult Rock and Roll '' , but really , it could also be called punk jazz . Or maybe , it defies classification . However , if you love Lou Reed , and want to see him at work reproducing his best solo work of the 80s , then here you go . After seeing the show , you realize it 's a loss to the history of rock , that more films of his live work from the 60s onward do n't exist . So what is around , is all the more valuable .
 ... to Jazzie of Hampstead , London . Do n't know what you were looking at . Your last graf , where you make up some quote from Lou at the end of the show , is totally bogus . In fact , Lou says just the opposite . Pay no attention to that innacurate review . Lou has his good nights and his bad nights . This was one of the best performances of his career .
 In this live appearance at the Bottom Line in New York City , Lou Reed reaffirms to everybody why he is the musical genius that many have come to love and idolize . The usually reclusive Reed allows everybody to have a front row seat to this magical performance as well as a slight glimpse backstage . From the very beginning of the evening , Reed and his backup band are so on it that they will leave you mezmorized . It has been nearly twenty years since this performance . And it really stands the test of time . Reed , the godfather of new wave for many , is that rare artist that is , and always will be , looked up at for generations . To correct the previous reviewer , while backstage after the performance , Reed exclaims that this is the kind of performance that you hope that somebody in the audience has at least a tape recorder . This DVD is a must-own for any Velvet Underground fan or anybody interested in seeing a master at his best .
 I find once reed started to talk about marriage and deepend his voice that his musical shelf life had halved . The Blue Mask is an excellent output , probably his last mandatory album of his old style and this DVD takes place shortly after said album 's completeion . The sound quality is impecable and the song choice is excellent . Really a must for Reed fans whom wish to experience him live , but dont want to pay a grand a plate at some charity to see him .
 This may be the perfect Lou Reed primer.If you are a fan of Lou 's music or just looking ot better understand why he is so often mentioned as the father/grandfather of modern and post modern rock , this is the first step to understanding .
 This may be the perfect Lou Reed primer . It is all there . All of the accessible music from the VU days up to the early 80 's . The late Robert Quine on guitar and Fernando Saunders on bass act as amazing foils to Lou 's wonderful simple and oh so complicated songs . If you are a fan of Lou 's music or just looking ot better understand why he is so often mentioned as the father/grandfather of modern and post modern rock , this is the first step to understanding .
 This has all my Reed favorites . Incredible performance . At one point between songs , the camera settles on who I believe is Andy Warhol in the crowd .
 I 'm the type of fellow who knows original movie music when I hear it.Bought the cd some time ago , and was impressed how mr.Stiener 's score was brought back to life courtesy of stromberg/moscow orchestra .
 I think Max Steiner 's score for KING KONG is the best music ever written for a fantasy film . Not only did it set a new standard for film scoring but it was way ahead of its time . Mr. Stromburg 's recent recording of the music on compact disc is the best effort to produce a faithful sound track for the collector since the music was first heard in 1933 . There are two unique things about Steiner 's score for KING KONG
 This is a suberb soundtrack , and I must say that I am blown away . From the music from the movie teaser , to the theme song , it is amazing . Such high quality , and so invigorating . Every time I hear the end of the song of the teaser , I get chills . No joke . Chills ! That 's how good it is . Though I 'm only 16 , I 've been introduced to orchestral music and soundtracks thanks to the Halo 2 Soundtrack . But this is 5 times better . Highly recommended .
 This CD offers an absolutely unique and rare opportunity to hear the complete , accurately reproduced landmark KING KONG motion picture music score by Max Steiner , employing the exact same small number of musicians -LRB- from the Moscow Symphony Orchestra -RRB- to duplicate the size , sound and arrangement performed on the original magnetic track by RKO 's cut-to-the-bone and overworked studio orchestra.The CD also conveys a real sense of awe at the sheer inspiration and productivity involved in Max Steiner 's lush and highly dramatic Wagnerian score for this ground-breaking motion picture -- a score which forever changed the way movie scores were conceived and perceived . Prior to KONG , music in the cinema had to issue from a source on screen -- a visible radio , or a band , or a star playing an instrument . Steiner 's score began on a foggy Indian Ocean as a tramp steamer tries to find its way to an unmapped island . There 's no instrument aboard ship more significant than a harmonica . This interpretation of cinema music was a revelation to KONG 's premiere audiences , and they found this kind of score emotionally galvanizing.There may well have been no better orchestra on earth than the Moscow Symphony to execute this project . Morgan describes , in the album notes , the musicians ' tired , bruised hands after performing many of the really difficult passages in this work -LRB- and they are uncommonly challenging -RRB- , and one gets the sense that the Moscow players put their hearts into it as well . When one hears the score so fully and accurately realized and richly presented by the same undersized number of musicians as Steiner had to work with , one can not doubt that the artists love the score being performed.John Morgan describes his production and conducting of this historically accurate music album as a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity , and hearing the results , the listener knows precisely what he means by that.You can pick out the abbreviated number of players in the amazingly full-sounding studio orchestra , you can easily overlay the memory of the actual KONG soundtrack in your mind and confirm that Morgan 's orchestra is an accurate roll call of the instrumentation . You can confirm that this album covers the entire film score , without abridgments -LRB- on the contrary , there are small enhancements from sheet music he discovered and restored -RRB- , and I think you will get a whole new understanding of the challenge undertaken and conquered by the original RKO orchestra -- when they originally played take after take of Max Steiner 's frantic , complex , inspired and emotionally taxing score to accompany the entire last half of KING KONG 's runtime , in some music production department on the 1932 RKO lot in Hollywood.One really must read the fascinating liner notes and hear this CD performance in order to fully appreciate what has been accomplished here . I know I did n't fully expect to be this impressed . Never mind previous recordings of this score ; they have their place as entertainment and are enjoyable in their own right , but ... The Marco Polo CD is a scholarly achievement of the first quality , and a must-have for anyone seriously interested in the KING KONG score -- even for many who do n't believe they are interested.Those most familiar with KING KONG-1933 , as well as all those most in love with it , will be most astonished by Morgan 's unexpected and welcome accomplishment here . And we owe the Moscow Symphony players our respectful gratitude for their artistic achievement as well .
 I have been a fan of Motion Picture film music for over fifty years.Every time in the early fifty 's , this feature was on TV I was there to watch it . When I became a motion picture projectionist , I had the pleasure of running this feature for more times , than I care to mention , I know every frame of this film , and the soundtrack . My point is that if the russkie 's can duplicate the soundtrack music as perfect as they have here , -LRB- with some help from the american 's -RRB- we are in a lot of trouble ! This is the perfect musical reproduction of the motion picture soundtrack , -LRB- without the static -RRB- that I have ever had the pleasure to listen to . If you love motion picture music -LRB- and a fan of such , as I -RRB- pick this up now , someone will soon get wind of this , and you may end up paying , over two hundred dollar 's for the cd . I had tears in my eye 's , on track 4 , chills on my arms I could see the action as the music played , do not pass this one up . T.C Orlando Florida
 I heard they had produced a cd of King Kong . I decided to check it out on the net . I was more than completely satisfied with what I had heard . I plan to purchase the cd and enjoy it for the rest of my life . I brought my young teen-age daughter over to hear it , to my surprise she enjoyed it as well .
 I 'm a bit put off that Amazon has kept this Naxos release -LRB- formerly a Marco Polo issue -RRB- well-hidden . If Max Steiner ever composed a more strictly symphonic , well-orchestrated score , brimming with feeling , realOrientalism and potent drama , I do n't know what it is.This is one of filmdom 's great symphonic music scores recorded by the Moscow Symphony , but this time dead-onby William Sromberg . Stromberg has n't always gotten it right . eg .
 `` Goodbye Earl '' was the single that opened my eyes for the Dixie Chicks . This single taken from their first album `` Wide Open Spaces '' is much more `` country '' than `` Earl '' , but there is a charm and optimism in the song that your `` troubles '' are likely to seem less burdening after listening to it . `` Am I the Only One '' written by Maria McKee is a fine up-beat country-ballad also taken from the album.The remix-version of `` There 's Your Trouble '' is good , but the remix does n't really add anything to the original version which is just great as it is .
 When I first heard There 's Your Trouble I wans ' t really into country and westurn or Dixie Chicks ! Since then I 've got all there singles and albums and have longed and begged my dad to go to a concert . The song is a really good tune to dance to and it sticks in your mind where ever you go . Me and my friend Nicola love making up dances to any Dixie Chicks song and we both love performing our dances to the school . I would love to meet Dixie Chicks in person because they are the best band in the world -LRB- opinion -RRB- ! Anyone who reads this review should by it or any other Dixie Chicks songs ! Thankyou for your time reading this ! Bye Eleanor Age
 Good Copy of orginal score.The Wolfman is the stronger of the tracks here though Son of Frankenstein is not in the same class as the music from The Bride of Frankenstein is still invokes great moments from the movie.Great for collectors even if they are not horror fans.The Wolfman tracks from the film are the first to be recorded and also includes music that was wrote but never used in the finished movie.Listening to the music from the DVD realeases of the films , you would find it hard pressed to tell the difference if any .
 Yet again , Messrs. John Morgan and William Stromberg have reached into the featureless depths of classical-film score fragments -LRB- in worse shape than even some of the Dead Sea Scrolls -RRB- and masterfully re-created -LRB- almost from scratch -RRB- music not heard in 60 years or ever -LRB- due to film re-editing -RRB- ! And how does it sound ? Beautiful ! Tingling ! Magnificent ! And darn right scary ! You may prefer to listen with a friend or at least keep the lights on . To the numbers
 I 've had this MONSTER MUSIC CD for at least a decade and , not only has it frequently been in my player at home , it 's found its way to my computer at work ! There 's nothing quite like a little Universal horror music for the office!Speaking of work , the two composers here , Hans Salter and Frank Skinner , regularly faced this kind of work schedule : Monday - watch the as yet unscored film together , determine which scenes should be scored , tentatively decide who would do which scene and then individually compose themes.Tuesday - share themes for comment/criticism and then individually flesh out scenes and write out finished parts for delivery to orchestrators.Wednesday - after maybe a final check , hand off the music to orchestrators . Following orchestration , copyists would write out parts for the studio 's orchestra who would be in to record - on Thursday!Wow ! That 's fast ! These guys were GOOD.I 'm so glad Maestros Stromberg and Morgan have taken it upon themselves to right a terrible wrong and see to it that this Salter and Skinner music is available to the public.Strangely enough , my favorite of these three scores is Skinner 's THE INVISIBLE MAN RETURNS , the least horror-sounding one . It features a beautiful love theme and is really quite poignant . One would never imagine it to be horror music . THE WOLF MAN , following the example of KING KONG , is chilling with its striking and emphatic , descending 3-note motive , and SON OF FRANKENSTEIN is ever active , on edge and adventurous.The only complaint I have is that the music sounds muted and does n't jump off the disc . That 's been an issue for me with the Morgan/Stromberg releases .
 If you grew up watching and enjoying Universal Studio 's horror movies , you 'll remember the great music that added to the suspense as being far more effective than horror movie soundtracks from any other studios . My favorite is the opening track , I believe from Son of Frankenstein , -LRB- later used in the Mummy series -RRB- , the beginning where the orchestra beautifully mimics the sounds of swirling winds evoking a feeling of imminent , ominous chaos . It 's dramatic and visceral and it puts you in the mood for the kind of film you are anticipating . The dynamics of the arrangements are perfectly attuned to the action on screen , sometimes quietly creepy , other times building with the action to a high-volume crescendo . I bring out my copy every Halloween as an atmospheric addition for the kids who come trick-or-treating . I highly recommend this cd .
 It is fantastic for me , as for any huge Universal Horror fan , to find the wonderful music of Frank Skinner available on CD . Since I was a child watching these movies , I 've always thought that Skinner 's strings added enormously to the thrill factor in the Holmes series , ` The Wolfman ' , ` Son of Frankenstein ' , etc. . The instantly recognizable Universal Studio opening theme always made me run to see what was on . A true must-have addition for the classic horror collector !
 hey i love it but im an old horror movie fan , if you lov the clissic horrors you 'll lov this , it realy is great , i love it ,
 Mr. Skinner & Mr. Salter knew what they were doing when they wrote the scores to these now classic films . Ironically , at the time of production these films were considered `` B '' quality and even questionable as far as pushing the limits of the film censors of the day . That aside , the music on this CD is totally reflective of the action that takes place in film . Having studied the music of the classical masters , it 's only logical that Mr. Skinner and Mr. Salter display the same creative genius as say Hector Berlioz did with his `` Symphonie Fantastique '' . They definitely set the mood for the stormy nights with their obligatory lightning flashes , grave robbing , monsters stalking about and the inevitable villagers revenge . Every time that I listen to this CD , I can see in my mind 's eye the film playing over and over . I use this CD in my screenwriting sessions as a source for inspiration in attempting to create something as horribly classic as these favorite characters are now today .
 You 'll love this cd if your a Universal Monter movie fan like me . The sound is rich and full . Unlike the original soundtrack that is in mono , this is a great stereo recording with the Moscow Symphony . The Son of Frankenstein , The Invisible Man Returns , and The Wolf Man never sounded better ! Great music to read by as well .
 Big Star is SO GOOD that this All-Star list of performers and bands do very little to the songs of Chilton and Big Star!Usually when tribute albums are conceived and artists assembled the goal is to have said artists cover songs of the honored in THEIR STYLE . But the influence of Chilton , Stevens , Hummel and Bell is just too large , too profound on ANYONE who has crossed their path.It would be like Joshua Bell throwing out Tchikovsky 's Violin Concerto score and rewriting the piece `` in the style ... of Josh '' Or Cliburn playing something of his own writing influenced by Beethoven and calling it `` Fur Elise . `` Sweet , Hatfield , the boys of Wilco , shoot , EVERYONE on this tribute album HONOR Big Star by doing VERY LITTLE to the music of the honorees.Some might argue , `` What is the point of covering a song and NOT trying to make it their own . '' I myself argue that if a song is good enough to be covered then it will stand up to being RIPPED APART and put back together again by another artist . Why even today I ran across a cover of John Lennon 's `` Cry Baby Cry '' by Bardo Pond . If you know Bardo Pond just imagine what a different sound the song had . But that 's ok.Now it may seem like I 'm making an argument AGAINST this disc , but honestly , I 'm not . This disc is much more like Todd Rundgren 's `` Faithful '' record . On it Rundgren covered a number of his major influences like The Beatles , Dylan and others . He played all the instruments and created spot on versions of the originals . All in an attempt to show how these past performers shaped HIS sound.I think this collection of artists are doing the same . I 'm sure they all think , `` You ca n't F# 2K with PERFECTION ! '' They do n't and have created one WONDERFUL tribute album . Big Star fans , fans of Power Pop , anyone who loves intellegent rock and roll should consider getting this record !
 A complete set list with the artists and timings :1 . Back of A Car / Gin Blossoms -LRB- 1:59 -RRB- 2 . Nightime / Afghan Whigs -LRB- 3:29 -RRB- 3 . Ballad of El Goodo / Matthew Sweet -LRB- 3:08 -RRB- 4 . Do n't Lie To Me / Juliana Hatfield -LRB- 2:15 -RRB- 5 . You Get What You Deserve / Idle Wilds -LRB- 2:16 -RRB- 6 . Give Me Another Chance / Whiskeytown -LRB- 3:05 -RRB- 7 . When My Baby 's Beside Me / Kelly Willis -LRB- 2:12 -RRB- 8 . Jesus Christ / Teenage Fanclub -LRB- 2:06 -RRB- 9 . What 's Goin Ahn / The Posies -LRB- 2:27 -RRB- 10 . Thirteen / Wilco -LRB- 2:29 -RRB- 11 . Hot Thing / Big Star -LRB- 3:04 -RRB-
 Joseph Ryelandt -LRB- 1870-1965 -RRB- is yet another Belgian late romantic who has fallen by the wayside but who really deserves reassessment -LRB- Biarent is the most obvious candidate among them , I think -RRB- . His Agnus Dei is an oratorio in five parts , and as opposed to the large-scale , dramatic oratorios of his contemporaries , Ryelandt 's approach is mysterious , subdued , introspective but finely colored . The music is finely wrought and scored , combining romantic harmony inspired by Franck and Richard Strauss with a polyphonic style which owes a lot to H&auml;ndel.Agnus Dei , dealing with the mystery of Easter , consists of a prologue and five large , continuous sections -LRB- liturgical and biblical sequences -RRB- contrasting exquisite arias with lyrical and very effective but always contemplative and meditative choral sections , most impressive , perhaps , in the beautiful Angels ' Chorus . The work is structurally coherent , culminating in a splendid finale where the harmonic language also displays Ryelandt 's familiarity with more contemporary styles -LRB- i.e. impressionism -RRB- . Textures are often sparse , but wonderfully and vividly atmospheric and the thematic foundation is strong.The performances , by mostly lesser-known soloists , are pretty good , if not remarkably so . The choral parts are very fine , and so is the orchestral playing by the Royal Flanders Philharmonic Orchestra under Grant Llewellyn , finely paced and sufficiently opulent to realize the nuanced and subtly colored textures . While I would recommend anyone interested in the composer to start with his fourth symphony , this is a very fine release , which deserves attention .
 This is a great song from the princess of pop - Kylie Minogue . I come from England and this was Number 1 for a couple of months , and as soon as I heard it I knew it would be . It is a very catchy tune and even my little 3 year old nephew sings a long to it , although only the La-la-la bit.Her next two singles she released over here were In Your Eyes and Love At First Sight , which are good but not as good as Ca n't Get You Out Of My Head . I have bought the album , and use to listen to it religiously until my older brother stole it off me ! So I bought another one!It is a brilliant and should be in everybody 's CD collection .
 kylie minogue is awesome . i 'm an american living in germany and i am always wanting to here this song . the video for it over here on mtv europe and other music video channels is great . it 's probably to hot to show in the states . the song makes you want to dance and is got some serious club play . owe it to yourself and get this cd .
 `` Ca n't Get You Out Of My Head '' is the new single from the '80s Pop singer , Kylie Minogue . The first few times I heard it on the radio , I have to say that I did n't really like it because I 'd never heard of Kylie before and thought the song was kind of weird . But now since they 've started playing it so much on the radio that I 've gotten used to the song and it 's actually pretty catchy ! This CD-Single is great and the remixes are pretty cool , too . All different but all catchy just the same like the original . I 'm glad I bought this CD-Single and I totally recommend it to all Pop music lovers . Awesome single , Kylie !
 With a catchy hook , a wonderful electronic melody that sounds like a manufactured Blue Monday -LRB- New Order -RRB- and Kylie Minogue 's fantastic vocals , Ca n't Get You Out Of My Head is one of the best songs to come out in 2001 . OK , the lyrics are pretty vapid , but that 's why it 's so great . It 's just flat out fun , not some boring guy shouting about things crawling in his skin.Note
 HEY ! here are the lyrics to cant get you out of my head : La la la la la la la laLa la la la la la la laLa la la la la la la laLa la la la la la la laI just ca n't get you out of my mindBoy your love is all I think aboutI just ca n't get you out of my mindBoy it 's more than I dare to think aboutLa la la la la la la laLa la la la la la la laI just ca n't get you out of my mindBoy your love is all I think aboutI just ca n't get you out of my mindBoy it 's more than I dare to think aboutEvery night , every dayJust to be there by your sideWo n't you stayWo n't you staystay forever and ever and ever and everLa la la la la la la laLa la la la la la la laLa la la la la la la laLa la la la la la la laI just ca n't get you out of my mindBoy your love is all I think aboutI just ca n't get you out of my mindBoy it 's more than I dare to think aboutThere 's a dark secret in meDo n't leave me locked in your heartSet me freeFeel the need in meSet me freeStay foreverAnd ever and ever and everLa la la la la la la laLa la la la la la la laLa la la la la la la laLa la la la la la la laI just ca n't get you out of my mindLa la la la la la la laLa la la la la la la laI just ca n't get you out of my mindLa la la la la la la laLa la la la la la la laI just ca n't get you out of my mindLa la la la la la la laLa la la la la la la laI just ca n't get you out of my mindLa la la la la la la laLa la la la la la la la
 I really like this song it gets me in a good mood .
 This will with no noubt be one of the classics . It 's just perfect . The baseline is an sultry invitation to dance . Kylies gentle vocals do right to those innovative lyrics . `` There 's a dark secret in me do n't keep locked in your heart . Set me free ! '' What can one do but dance to trance as long as this song stays on . The original verison needs nothing more . It 's only just so short . And that la-la-la will go on forever!More eighties retro this one . The follow up `` In your eyes '' has more true disco flair .
 This is the biggest hit for a dance song that the US his has in years . IF you like this song then you will like Riva & Danni Minogue - Who do you love now . Buy this now , you will love this song .
 This is an absolutely great song !! The 2 new recordings on it are great too , except Amazon made a mistake on the listing !! This is CD1 not CD2 !! I 'll correct it for them , I 'll be off , Buy this single !!!!!
 This is another track that I first heard on `` Open House Party '' with John G. that caught my attention . This song sounds like a slightly uptempo version of Fragma 's `` Toca 's Miracle '' -LRB- because of the subtle background guitar-plucking efx -RRB- or DJ Jurgen 's `` Higher & Higher '' . It seems more poppy than it does dance . The beat makes you want to bob your head along with it . I really dig Kylie 's voice which sounds like a combo of Maria Rubia and DaMae from Fragma . The lyrics may be a little repetitive for some -LRB- this is why I gave it 4 of 5 stars -RRB- . Although this makes them easy to learn , and stick with you . It 's a catchy track , that 's for sure ! This single is better than the other because they included the album version and 2 remixes , instead of the album version and 2 other trax . I wish they would have put a couple of extra remixes on here , though ... I do recommend giving this single a listen . You might not be able to get this song out of your head ! ...
 Kylie is back in the States ! Though she was never missing from the pop music world always making music.She had one hit here many a years ago with a remake of `` Loco Motion '' , other than that Kylies music career here has been a bust.But now she is back with `` Ca n't Get You Out of My Head '' which is currently # 1 on the Dance Club Charts and already after just 3 weeks on Billboards Hot 100 is at # 33 with a bullet.This song is getting heavy play on radio , video and anywhere else . With a high budget hot Devo-esque video for the new millenium and Kylie looking as though she has n't aged a day . Could be digital computers , could be Kylie.However her first single off the forthcoming CD `` Fever '' is a catchy dance song that grows on you . A very subtle dance song with rhythmic beats and a catchy hook.I like it , and I think it is some of the best dance music to come from Kylie in a while .
 I 'm so addicted to `` Can get you out of my head '' , or CGYOOMH -LRB- what we fans call it for short -RRB- . This single is a must for any Kylie fan . The two B sides are great and I really like `` Rendezvous at Sunset '' the beginning of the song is fantastic . So if you can find this single , scoop it up immediatly !
 Last year , I heard this song on my car radio . After only one minute of hearing it , I fell in love with it . Since then , everytime I hear this song , I krank it up . `` Ca n't Get You Out of My Head '' is a great comeback song for Kylie Minogue . Though her career never faded in Europe or Australia , this still crosses new and revisited territory . She blends pop/dance and techno , making it a great song to keep the dance floor jumping . She proves with her talent that she came back to stay , not to revisit and leave again.Her other two tracks on this LP , `` Boy '' and `` Rendezvous At Sunset '' , also have great dance beats . All three tracks have their own unique catchy beats that catches the audience differently everytime . Both were previously released in Europe and Australia a couple years before this LP release.Fans of Kylie Minogue and/or these tracks should also purchase her album `` Fever '' , which features `` Ca n't Get You Out of My Head '' . `` Boy '' is a hidden track in the US album release . This ensemble will give the listener the ultimate Kylie experience .
 Kylie Minogue 's success abroad has been largely documented . Her appeal is worldwide , yet somehow fame in the U.S. has alluded her . Despite a couple of hits in the 1980 's , America has ignored her efforts to be accepted ... until CA N'T GET YOU OUT OF MY HEAD . Probably her best song to date , CA N'T GET YOU OUT OF MY HEAD is a dance fan 's dream . Futuristic , yet contemporary , this single will linger in your mind - you wo n't be able to get it out of your head . The beats are infectious and once the song is over you will be begging for an encore .
 Long you have resisted to Kylie , longer than anyone else on the Planet , but the rocking Krafterwerkish `` La , la , la , la '' will sneak behind you and get into your head . It 's shall indeed make all the world move . It just must , it is so damn good . Enjoy Kylie , she 's back to make Americans unable to get her out of their heads !!!
 This is the best damn dance track ive heard in ages .
 Years after her hit in the US -LRB- and with a steadily growing career in Europe and else where in the world -RRB- Kylie Minogue returns to the airwaves with a dance hit that is catchy and hypnotic . At first I was only slightly interested in this tune but the more I heard it , the more I like it . I 'm looking foward to the entire cd and I hope it is filled with great dance songs like this one .
 Its great to hear her again here in the US !! She has been almost non-existant since Loco-Motion . I first heard Cant Get You Out Of My Head at Mythos -LRB- i think i was at Mythos LOL -RRB- in Charlotte , NC back around Christmas . Bought the CD and it was well worth the money spent .
 Before I heard `` Ca n't Get You Out of My Head '' on the radio , I never knew of Kylie Minogue . So , I was surprised to find out that she 's been a huge star in the UK for years.In addition to the title track , this CD-single also includes two , never before released songs `` Boys '' and `` Rendezvous at Sunset . '' Plus , the video for `` Ca n't Get You Out of My Head . `` This is a fun dance song , with a catchy chorus , sexy lyrics and addictive beat and Kylie 's sultry voice only adds to it . This is her first hit in the United States since the 1980s and I 'm sure it 's not her last .
 Most of us Americans will probably accoisate the name Kylie Minogue with the same cheery,fresh-faced Aussie who sang the cheesy-yet-irrestible `` I Should Be So Lucky '' and remade the `` Locomotion '' -LRB- her biggest U.S. hit to date -RRB- back in the late '80s . But while Kylie never really made too much of an impact in the States , she 's been just as big as Madonna every where else in the world -LRB- especially in the UK , she 's had 21 Top 10 hits there -RRB- but ever since this gem right here was released in the US this year , this euro-pop vetran may have offical stardom in Americaafter all . `` Ca n't Get You My Mind '' , first and foremost , is great dance-pop . It has a very Euro feel -LRB- so does the video , it 's VERY Euro ! -RRB- yet has a pop feel that the Americans can be familiar with.It has a great chrous -LRB- that `` la la la '' chrous will mostly stick in your head-for better and for worst -RRB- and a nicely arranged backing track that keeps up with Kylie 's breathy vocals.This song reminds me of Janet Jackson 's 2001 smash `` All For You '' in a way with it 's vague disco feel and catchy,un-kiddie pop feel.This is top-quality Top 40 music , right here folks.It 's very intresting to see this song become a hit in the US -LRB- it 's Kylie 's first single to hit the US Top 20 since 1988 -RRB- , but it deserves it.P.S : This song was co-written by another late '80s / early '90s stelwart , Cathy Dennis.Her bigest hit here was 1991 's `` Touch Me -LRB- All Night Long -RRB- '' . I just thought that an intresting little fact !
 As someone who 's been following Kylie since her late 1980s , Stock Aitken Waterman years , I was one happy camper when I learned that `` Ca n't Get You Out of My Head '' blasted into the US Top Ten . After a disastrous cover of `` The Locomotion , '' Kylie quickly disappeared from the American spotlight while she attained superstardom in the UK . Over the years , she tried to win American audiences back , but with no such luck . Then , years later , came this single , a hypnotic slice of disco minimalism with its undeniable `` la la la '' hook . Having topped the charts in the UK and in a few other countries , it was poised for similar success stateside . After a long absence , we Americans should be so lucky that we have Kylie back ruling the charts again . `` I Ca n't Get You Out Of My Head '' is one of the best and most memorable singles of this , or any other , year .
 I just purchased the two versions of this single last night , and I ca n't stop listening to them . CD # 1 which includes two non-album tracks being my favorite . It is worth the price for rendezvous at sunset , alone . All in all , worh every penny they cost , and if you have n't already picked up the new cd `` FEVER '' , rush out and get it now !! just listen to the track `` BURNING UP '' and you will wonder why she is n't as big here in the usa as she is in the rest of the world . -LRB- just one more argument for moving overseas -RRB- .
 Kylie Minogue is so freakin ' HOT that everytime i see her i wan na get naked and `` Ca n't get you out of my head '' is so darn sexy.It 's got a pulsating strutting groove that gets your blood boiling and makes you wan na get on the dance floor and do your thang. , This is primo pop dressed up in a super dance groove and it will get any party cookin guaranteed.Personally i recommend getting the entire `` Fever '' album which will have you on the floor panting for air from all of it 's wet and juicy musical savage foreplay.OUCH!Tell Kylie you want the fever and prepare yourself to be cooked to a crisp with Kylie 's hot sexy grooves .
 when this first came out in Australia/Europe September 2001 , I thought if Kylie did n't succeed worldwide with it , she 'd never do it . I 'm glad it became a phenomenom.There 's not much to say about the track , so I 'll talk about Boy and REndez-vous at sunset . both are very retro and a little cheesy , but infinitely better than the awful `` give it to me '' and `` Dancefloor '' that actually made it to the Fever album.B-sides become rare with time , so if you have the chance to get this CD and are a Ms. Minogue collector , buy it .
 Written by former US Pop Icon Cathy Dennis , Kylie Minogue took advantage of what is perhaps the best song in the last 2 decades & catapult her star higher than ever - & it has worked . Not only that , but it is a genuinely brilliant song . Coming from one of the world 's leading performers -LRB- only just behind Janet , Madonna & Britney -RRB- , Kylie 's alreay illustrious 13 year career seems to be getting better & better . This single has sold 2.5 million copies , No. 1 in over 20 countries & still selling . With a due release in US on 26th February , America is about to succumb to one of the most consistently brilliant artists of our era . The song is driven by a hypnotic club beat , whispery lalala 's & sensual vocal delivery . Add to that an amazing video . It can not fail to make you move nor smile . I GUARANTEE IT !!!
 I heard this song when I was living in italy for a month back in October -- it was really big in the clubs there , and makes you really want to dance . I recommend this definitely -- Techno & Dance music ROck !!
 `` Self-consciously iconic in a neo-Warholian mode '' . . when I read those words about Kylie -LRB- ! -RRB- over six years ago , I have to admit to being more than a little surprised.I have resisted the onslaught and the hype in the interim period with the occasional concealed nod and stolen foot-tap to her music when I 've heard it now and again - this ca n't be music for grown up dance bods , can it ? Well I have to say that this track of ` ers has bowled me over . . Let 's descend even further into cliche and hyperbole.The opening bars with the organ instantly pull you in and are reminiscent of St. Etiennes `` Only love can break you heart '' - God , I love that track - and it only get 's better.The cheeky 101 -LRB- acieeed ! -RRB- grooveline serves to retain your heightened aural interest levels through a catcy , albeit repetitive middle section.The final melancholic chord progression on the strings truly rounds off a wonderful cathartic musical moment and washes away the sorrows and troubles of the day.Ahhhh ! that 's better.C-ya .
 When I first heard the opening bars of `` When A Man Loves A Woman '' the hairs on the back of my neck stood up and I got cold chills . This is simply the greatest love song in R&B / Soul ever . And when you put `` Take Time to Know Her '' together with it , even the feminists can listen happy . The years have not changed the great Percy and he is at his peak on this CD . Get it .
 I appreciate that the songs in this cd still had the deep and thick voice of Percy Sledge - some others try to make him sound like the late 60s to late70s when some people tried to make others sound cheap and thin to cover their own lack of talent . Percy asked me to sing When A Man Loves A Woman in a recording studio . I did but I thought that my way was too sweet and no real soul like Percy 's recording . Million dollar contract for the one single by me but real heart and soul won-Percy 's heart and soul is always a winner to me . .
 This is the EP to the 2003 release ` The Routine ' . It has 4 songs which include a rare alternate version of `` Invisible '' , an unrealeased song -LRB- Clone -RRB- and a demo version of ` Tweaked ' . If you find yourself liking `` The Routine '' then pick this up as it 's a few more hard rockin ' Hotwire songs .
 so cool that this is now available on CD , it brought so many good memories , I remember my dad would play this at home on a record LP on the weekends and when he had friends and family over , though I would of preferred at have the original studio track of # 7 `` A La Guerra Ya Me Llevan '' this is a must for any Chicano Music Fan . Hopefully Little Joe will released more of the Latinaires music . They are The Tree of this music style . Thank You . G.
 THIS , TO ME WAS A GREAT CD , THE SPINNERS , HISTORICALLY , HAVE ALWAYS HAD TO PROVE THEMSELVES . A LOT OF SO CALL FANS , LET THIS ONE SLIP BY , HOWEVER , NOT ME.THAT BEING SAID , PLEASE GET THIS . YOUR COLLECTION IS FAR FROM COMPLETE WITHOUT THIS ONE .
 Paul Gilson -LRB- 1865-1942 -RRB- was a prolific composer of music in a late-romantic style imbued with impressionistic influences . Little of his music has been recorded , but there are , in fact , three versions in the catalogue of his substantial Symphonic Sketches `` The Sea '' -LRB- lasting for the better part of 40 minutes in this performance -RRB- . It really is n't much wonder , for this is an absolutely delectable work of gorgeous melodies , shimmering textures and spectacular colors - I guess it is possible to point out various weaknesses , but it is , in the end , a work I have come to deeply appreciate - perhaps as something of a guilty pleasure , but definitely a pleasure . Now , I have not heard the alternative recordings , but I should mention that at least on paper Brabbins for Etcetera has a lead in virtue of actually deploying the special forces Gilson called for -LRB- eleven saxhorns and a male chorus appearing briefly in the finale -RRB- . Still , the performances here by the Moscow State Symphony Orchestra under Fr&eacute;d&eacute;ric Devreese certainly gets the job done in a mostly impressive fashion -LRB- apart from certain passages of slightly rough ensemble -RRB- . The opening Sunrise movement is a grand romantic movement reminiscent of Chausson and d'Indy ; not very original , perhaps , but deeply compelling . The Sailor 's dance that follows is thoroughly enjoyable and inventive , and written in a manner that most of all reminds one of Russian silver age composers -LRB- Glazunov , Liadov , Gli&eacute;re , Rimsky -RRB- . By far the longest movement is the Twilight movement -LRB- at 17 minutes -RRB- , and here Gilson mixes his late romantic language with impressionist colors reminiscent of Debussy or even Ravel 's Daphnis & Chloe . It is a beautiful and deeply imaginative movement building up to a deeply satisfying , warmly shimmering ending . The finale is an enjoyable and imaginatively written Storm scene that may not always completely manage to skirt banality but nevertheless convinces . Overall , The Sea is an immensely attractive work and one that it is hard not to come to appreciate.None of the couplings ever reaches the same level of inspiration ; the wistfully evocative three Melodies Ecossaises are light music , though worth hearing , and the Prelude to Alvar is rather striking , with some very rewarding material . The 15-minute Symphonic Overture no. 3 , however , is relatively short on inspiration and probably not a work one would return to all that often.I find it somewhat difficult to pass a final verdict on the performances . Yes , the Moscow players do create quite a bit of magic in The Sea under Devreese 's sympathetic direction - most of the interpretive choices sound convincing , and there is , indeed , very much very fine playing here , though the performance probably lacks the last touch of finesse . If this had been the only recording of the work I would have given the disc 5 stars , but at present it faces some stiff competition from Brabbins , and although I have not heard that version myself , just the fact that they actually employ the forces Gilson called for gives them an a priori edge . The Marco Polo sound is generally pretty decent ; warm enough , but somewhat rough balance-wise . In any case , this is a very recommendable release .
 Let me start off by saying this is not a great concert video , and not the definitive concert it claims to be . However , that being said , it is an entertaining DVD , with some nice footage of the band . This is a concert DVD from the early 80 's , on what looks to be the `` winds of Change '' tour - recorder live in Canada . One problem I had with this is that it is rather short - clocking in at a little over an hour . I would have liked to seen the entire show . Sound is decent - not great . The band seems to be having fun playing the songs , and it gives a nice snapshot of the band in their early 80 's mode ... just a few years before they released the god awful `` We built this city '' ... and they went completely downhill . I think if your a fan of the band , you will find this well worth the money . If your a hardcore fan from the early versions of the band -LRB- I.E. - the stuff with Marty Balin -RRB- ... this may not be for you , as it is loaded heavy with the Mickey Thomas stuff . All in all ... well worth the price !!!
 ... . This JS concert , pretty much represents the band well for where they were , at the start of the 80 's . They have always been a band that appeared to be on the verge of chaos and confusion , as foretold by even some of their own lyrics . All the elements are here and all the quirky individualities of each member ... Grace 's mysterious antics , Paul 's leadership , Craig 's guitar , Mickey 's high octane vocals -LRB- see KNEE DEEP IN THE HOOPLA album -RRB- BUT most of all THE MUSICIANSHIP and GREAT SONGS !!! One thing people forget too , is that this band has always evolved and they represent each era perfectly !!! Even Paul Kantner being the sci fi buff that he is , needs to realize this . Everything evolves and the STARSHIP continued right through this show and on through the 80 's !!!
 What a difficult dvd for me to review . First I was about the same age as the audience watching this concert back in 1983 and I really like Jefferson Starship . With that being said the picture quality and sound quality are just o.k. . The picture quality I would describe as being good for a vhs tape and the sound quality is equal to or better than an LP or casette tape . This is a concert dvd that employs some music video type effects with mixed results . Grace Slick hams it up for the camera 's and some may find it distracting . There are breaks in the concert with Mike MacDonald playing a character called `` shortwave mike '' , these are dreadful and I just skip through them . The setlist is very good , I wish there was more to it . If you like Jefferson Starship from this time period I would recommend this title for you .
 This concert in Toronto from 1983 portrays Jefferson Starhip at it 's best ! On the heels of the release of Winds of Change , they play many of the hits off that album as well as some of the classic Jefferson Airplane tunes such as `` White Rabbit '' and `` Somebody To Love '' . Grace Slick shines on vocals along with Mickey Thomas . Craig Chacquico on guitar is awesome and there are great guitar solo parts in this conert video . This is a must for any Jefferson Starship lover .
 This song and cd is one of the best , i think that everybody should listen to this , i like the beginning the most , it truly is an awesome song
 This guy knows how to put a song together . This was not light material here . You try singing this song . A magnificent job !
 This is an awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to . The Best songs on this cd are all of them . if you have not listened to this cd then i recommend you do
 This song and cd is one of the best , i think that everybody should listen to this , i like the beginning the most , it truly is an awesome song
 Out of all his music this ablum was by far my most wanted . I could n't find it on ITUNES at all . I enjoy the songs as they seemed to flow together not like his newest releases , i think sometimes you can tell either an artist wrote his songs to some degree or was it all a rush job as in JOE . Music shows a nice r & b melody throughout the tracks , being it was so hard to find shows this cd was worth having ...
 Soulstar , Soulchild , whatever , just keep the Musiq COMING !!! Musiq is a talented , original artist . Not in an eclectic Erykah Badu kind of way , but more like a Curtis Mayfield . Shucks this CD is so good that the first time I listened to it in my car I stopped at the package store to get a pint of Hennessy ... . It 's old school brown liquor GOOD !!!! Like a good vintage wine , it keeps getting , better & better with each listen ... . His creativity with the Monopoly game in `` Womanopoly '' is sick !! Fantasia can have her `` Baby Mama '' anthem , Musiq keeps it real with `` Babymother '' ! Aijuswanalisen !!!
 great cd . . you can tell he puts a lot of time and feeling into this music .
 Soulstar is the soundtrack of my life , and the awnser to every problem that i ca n't awnser with logical reasoning . With every track theirs an awnser , solution , or idea that makes you think , about life , love , and decisions . He is the male India Arie . I loved Musiq ever since Ijustwannasing . `` Mary Go Round '' , `` Me and You Against '' , and `` Just Friends '' were my favorites off his first album and now his third album i love every song . I must have played this album every where i went . Musiq is also good for just listening to get your thoughts in order . He pusts relationships in retrospect with harmony and rhythm . If your not going to buy it , do yourself a favor and just skim through . There 's something for everyone .
 I 'm a big time Neo-Soul fan and this album just made my love for that genre grow even more . I can not get enough of `` Momentinlife '' , which features Kindred -LRB- get that album too -RRB- and Cee-Lo . Very good album . Do n't listen to the nay-sayers . Other stand-out tracks include `` Soulstar '' , `` Whoknows '' , `` Whereareyougoing '' , `` Givemorelove/Leaveamessage '' , and `` Forthenight '' . Also get Tonex 's albums , `` O2 '' and `` Pronounced Toe-Nay '' . His music makes MusiQ sound like Willie Nelson . Peace & Love .
 If you dont know anything about Musiq and are looking to get into him , then i suggest starting with `` Aijuswanaseing '' and `` Juslisen '' before diving into this album . Those albums showcase Musiq 's true form . This album is Musiq 's most mature and soulful effort to date , but at times it seems that he tries a little to hard to stray from typical R&B . But if you are a Musiq fan , you will not be surprised as he has steadily moved this way ever since dropping `` Aijuswanaseing . '' . The infectious intro `` Soulstar '' is by far THE BEST TRACK on the album . I know quite a few people , including myself , who upon hearing that track for the first time hit the repeat button and let it ride a good 5 to 6 times . Its THAT GOOD . `` Momentinlife '' is VINTAGE Musiq , and Cee-Lo shines on this song . Kindred the Family soul give the track emotion like only they can . `` whoknows '' is his incredibly deep love song which his other two albums have as well -LRB- `` Love '' and `` Dontchange '' -RRB- , but this one trumps those two easily . All in all , this CD isnt Musiq 's best work , but an average record by Musiq 's standards is a must have in todays world of R&B .
 `` Soulstar '' is Musiq 's third career album , which explores some new and improved musical territory . Amazingly , he proves that he continues to evolve as an artist through every album . Nobody expected `` Soulstar '' to surpass the genius of his previous album `` Juslisen '' . It did . This underrated R&B artist repairs the damage that has been done to soul music within the last few years . His seemingly simple mellow grooves catch listeners easily , keeping them swaying to every beat . His music is one way of how R&B music should sound . The combination of neo-soul with a touch of modern-style R&B keeps him unique in every song . Musiq takes his listeners on a beautiful musical journey through his album
 This album was recommended to me by several Musiq fans . And after having it in my cd player for the last 3 days I have to admit that it is a great cd . However compared to his first album it is not his best work . The topics chosen were not as deep as on the first cd and all the guest singers on `` Soulstar '' were not necessary . Other than that I would recommend this cd along w / his first . If you bought it you wouldnt be dissapointed .
 I do n't know about you all , but I feel like I can listen to the ` SOULSTAR ' CD in its entirety with the exception of maybe 1 02 2 songs , which means overall it 's a damn good CD . As far as titles go , Musiq should be the king of DEF SOUL records because he remains to be consistent in his music .
 All around talented , # 1 Soulstar , even though it is an interlude gives you a feeling that the album is going to be the definition of music -LRB- musiq -RRB- . Everytime I hear that , I get chills . This album you can literally feel the vibe , My favortite is # 3 Womanopoly # 5 Infatueighties , # 7 Babymother -LRB- Knowing that every man should finist what he started -RRB- Real and educational song , I feel where you coming from Musiq . To close off the album # 15 Givemorelove . Really the whole album is taking , likes your soul leaves your body to experience Musiq 's journey of Soulstar . it is a must . Appreciate the Soul of R&B Musiq . It ; s atutomatic to get the cd , you should n't hesitate .
 Musiq functions within a formulaic view of how is music should sound . This has both advantages and drawbacks . The advantages are that if you are a Musiq fan , you love his style and would not mind another album of the same music . As a drawback , if you are expecting an artist to grow with each project , you might be disappointed with Musiq 's most recent effort . Personally , I love this album . I am a musiq fan who came around at Juslisen . I was not feeling Aijuswanasing off the bat because I was anti- `` Neo Soul '' . I resented the labeling of this timeless style of music as something `` new '' and I rebelled against anything associated with the `` genre '' . Then , someone played `` Babygirl '' from Juslisen and I was in love . Since then , I went back to re-examine all of his music and I have come to love and appreciate it very much.Soulstar does not let me down in this respect . While he does not seem to go far beyond the parameters of his `` neo-soul '' stylings , he does jazz things up a bit . For example , his interpretation of `` missyou '' gets you in a place that car accidents do , you are bothered by them but you cant help but look . `` momentinlife '' is the new `` Babygirl '' which was the new `` Marygoround '' . The smooth flow of this song reminds one of the ocean , standing on a beach , listening to the waves , getting caught up in the glorious music of nature . Throw in the vocals of Kindred and Cee-lo -LRB- who blesses ANY track he guests on -RRB- and you have a classic . That is by far the best song on the album.I was disappointed by the Intro and `` womanopoly '' seemed too forced . `` babymother '' was another song that made me go `` what ?? '' It was like Whitney Houston ruining an otherwise beautiful song with a lyric `` No matter I got ta keep it real '' . One is almost like `` oh come on this is a hot mess !! '' . `` thereason '' is one of those songs you listen to standing in the dark wrapped in the arms of your beloved.Overall , this is a wonderful CD . I recommend it to anyone looking to escape into the land of beautiful music . Fan or not , you will not be let down .
 Musiq 's first album Aijuswanaseing was wonderful . Juslisen was great album to follow it up with and Soulstar is his continuing his consistency in giving you great music . Soulstar feat Carol Riddick is dope intro to this album as DJ Aktive provides scratching over the track . Youloveme is pretty decent follow up track but it 's not vintage Musiq . WhoKnows is vintage Musiq . Forthenight feat Aaries was a good first single for the album as the two sing about not being ready for a relationship . Womanopoly has a creative storyline involving women with Monopoly as a backdrop . Infatueighties is another great track with singing over a booming bass beat . Thereason , Her and Whereareyougoing are also highlights . There are some songs that could have been left off though . The Munsters theme music sounding Romancipation is one of them . Dontstop feat Bilal is a failed club joint . Momentinlife feat Kindred The Family Soul and Cee-lo is far from terrible but it needs work . The rendition of Mick Jagger 's Miss You is forgettable . Babymother is kind of weak and Givemorelove and Leaveamessage are boring . Bottom Line
 I do n't understand how anyone can possibly trash this CD . If you ever liked Musiq you should def . love this CD -- From the incredible Soulstar intro to the very end of Givemorelove/Leaveamessage . The whole Cd is a standout against all other music in the insdustry . He 's def . an original artist.Please do n't let these reviewes sway you against buying this CD -- listen to the samples yourself and if you dont like it you just do n't like music/musiq .
 I have to disagree with all the naysayers of this album . I feel that Musiq was trying to reach out and experiment with some of these tracks . `` Momentinlife '' was a nice collaboration with Kindred and Cee-Lo , though I felt `` Dontstop '' really wasted the potential energy that could have been shared between Musiq 's crooning and Bilal 's ethereal falsetto . `` Forthenight '' seems like your classic loverman-get-them-out-the-club-and-into-the-bed type of song , but Musiq is so polite it seems only natural to go with him . Best track of all is `` Givemorelove/leaveamessage '' -LRB- thanks to the sample from Tom Scott , which I did buy to hear the original -RRB- . I 'm only waiting for the next LP .
 When I first bought this album , I was n't sure how I felt about it , unlike my immediate love for the first two . But recently I had the pleasure of seeing Musiq in concert and he made me go and reevaluate/rediscover this classic that I had been sitting on since it first came out !! The entire album from beginning to end is very well put together . Out of the 15 tracks , 11 of them are my favorites . Musiq , keep doing what you do best !!
 I really like this cd . This is the only Musiq cd I own . I like Musiq but had n't bought any of his other stuff . It was all ok , but not enough tracks to make me want to purchase them . This one however made me run out and buy it . I 'm glad I held out !!
 Soulstar is a slight step above Juslisen , but like it 's predecesor , the album is too long , with maybe two songs like Babymother and Missyou , that could have been left off . Otherwise the standout tracks Soulstar -LRB- interlude -RRB- , Forthenight , Womanopoly , Momentinlife , Givemorelove , and Whoknows , and others are what keeps the album afloat . Not bad , but it does n't top his first album Aijuswanaseing , which was a classic debut .
 Personally I am a Musiq fan and Soulstar hits the spot with upbeat Neosoul . It has a good Vibe but Some songs dont formulate a complete story or theme . The new Issues he talks about are not completely thought out in Soulstar . Musiq will start out on a theme then harmonize for the remainder of the song . The song writing in the his previous two albums was much better . The difference is although he has a great voice his vocals dont make this album . The music iself sets a vibe which you can `` BOB '' to all 71 mins.Best Track # 10Still Great Music -LRB- Q -RRB-
 Musiq is the man . I 've been a fan since the 1st album . And he does n't disappoint me this time out either . Peep the review :1 -RRB- Soulstar feat . DJ Aktive & Carol Riddick - Great start to the album . This guy has beats that just demand your attention , especially on this song . It 's kind of an intro / warm up song , but it 's definitely hot .2 -RRB- Youloveme - Okay , this song is far from wack , but I ca n't find a word to describe it . I know ... the word is `` skippable '' . It 's typical Musiq , I 'm assuming that when most people buy music , they want to hear progression ... there was none here .3 -RRB- Womanopoly - Nice beat , nice vocals , nice content . I like how he uses the Monopoly game to go from topic to topic on this song .4 -RRB- Forthenight feat . AAries - The lead single . You 've probably heard it already . But it 's one of those feel good songs and it 's probably one of the best songs on the album despite its shallow content .5 -RRB- Infatueighties - I love the beat to this song . Another feel good song . But , like a good 80 % of the album , it 's about relationships .6 -RRB- Whoknows - This song has a familiar effect . Kind of like `` Love '' had on the first album . Not as stong as the afforementioned song , but it 's still a very strong song .7 -RRB- Babymother - I was n't really feeling this song at first , but the topic was strong and the beat was nice .8 -RRB- Missyou - I wo n't tab this song a `` brick '' , but he came really , really , really , really , really , really close . Mr. Chronic Man must 've laced their sack with something else that night before they made this .9 -RRB- Momentinlife feat . Kindred The Family Soul & Cee Lo - In my opinion , this is the best song on the album . The beat is hot , the guests shine bright , and Musiq does his thing . Cee Lo sings this song better than any song on his own album ... go figure .10 -RRB- Thereason - Tight song . Musiq gives props to the people that helped him get to where he is . The beat is nice too .11 -RRB- Dontstop feat . Bilal - Not a bad song , but it 's one of the few skippable songs on this album . The beat is hot though . I 'd give the song a 7 on a scale of 1 - 10.12 -RRB- Her - Nice beat , nice vocals , but the content is so so . Again , he 's singing about a woman .13 -RRB- Whereareyougoing - This song has an old school feel to it , but it 's not boring . It 's a mood song though . If you 're not in the mood , you 'll skip it .14 -RRB- Romancipation - Not a bad song , but it sounds like typical Musiq . It 's a skippable song .15 -RRB- Givemorelove / Leaveamessage -LRB- Bonus Track -RRB- - Givemorelove is a great song , but Leaveamessage is kind of boring . It 's not bad , but definitely skippable . The beat flips throughout the song though , and that keeps things interesting.Overall , the CD is a nice progression from his last album . Hey strays away from the `` Aijuswannasing / Juslisen '' formula on this album . But I mean that in a good way . If he keeps selling the same product , wo n't you eventually get tired of him ? He went a different direction and managed to keep it fresh . Ya got ta switch things up sometimes , and he did just that . 4 stars for the soulstar .
 To be able to appreciate this album you have to appreciate , originality , soul , good music and of course Musiq . Soulstar is my favorite album of the three which is a hard decision to make . Soulstar is Musiq doing what Musiq loves , making music . It 's and experimentation of sound and lyrical content . Introducing you to the third cd is `` Soulstar '' , laced with the smooth and haunting vocals of Carol Riddick Musiq get 's your heart pumping . He then pulls you in with `` You Love Me '' , a cocky yet cute track that makes you wan na dance and you actually find yourself saying , `` Yes , I do love you '' . The highlights of Soulstar are without a doubt , `` Miss You '' a remake of the Rolling Stones hit which he does more than to , `` Who Knows '' , `` The Reason '' and radio smash hit `` Forthenight '' . It 's a must have for anyone with a a passion for good music . Over 70 mintues of pure entertainment worth more than the cost.peace - jm
 Once in a while an album comes along where not only can u enjoy it from front 2 back , but in the process , it touches your soul . A body of work so powerful and true 2 itself that it affects your current perception on what quality music should be and sets a standard 4 artistry that just ca n't be duplicated . Musiq 's latest effort -LRB- or should I say , `` accomplishment '' -RRB- is a collection of 15 separate moments in soul in which he bends his tradition of soulful sounds without breaking it . `` Soulstar '' is what u get if u put Aijuswannseing and Juslisen in a blender with fried chicken , sweet potatoes , collard greens , biscuits , candied yams and catfish . That 's just how much soul this album delivers.The 1st song that may grab your attention , if not 4 it 's sheer creativity but it 's captivating lyrics is `` womanopoly '' . It 's the story of a young , ambitious sista moving on up 2 Park Place while trying 2 avoid `` Chance '' and hold on to a share of the `` Community Chest '' while attempting 2 avoid all the pitfalls in this sometimes cruel game of life.On the beautiful ballad `` whoknows '' , Musiq embraces the vulnerability and uncertainty that accompanies the start of a new relationship as well as the infinite possibilities of one . `` Thereason '' is an introspective look back on his ongoing relationship with his first love that is music and challenges the listeners 2 see that he 's actually singing 2 music ... not a woman which is typically the 1st thought.On `` babymother '' , Musiq bluntly travels down the road of unplanned and unexpected parenthood and the decisions , fear and confusion that many can relate 2 that come along 4 the ride.Soulstar is not simply just an album . It 's an experience . It 's a journey through soul with stops @ funk , jazz and rhythm and blues along the way.Although it was a late entry among a ton of other quality albums released in 2003 , without confining it 2 any specific genre , Soulstar gets my vote 4 album of the year and I 'm sure his light will continue 2 shine on the world .
 I do n't know why these people on this page are hating on this album so much . I can listen to it straight through , over and over again . The tempo , mood , and topics change throughout . I actually enjoy this album more than his previous two . I 'm surprised there were no `` hits '' on this album . But if you need to hear `` hits '' on the radio in order to think something is a valuable piece of music , you do n't deserve to be writing reviews . Standout tracks to me are `` thereason '' , `` forthenight '' , and the disc opener
 i have to say i 'm looking at the last 3 reviews and i am shocked let me say you 3 are the 1st i have heard to comment negatively about this cd ... maybe you were expecting more of the same from musiq which is unfortunate ... upon first listen its so obvious that musiq and the carmui production team has taken it to the next level ... with the exception of track # 8 miss you , this cd is hands down the musiq 's best to date ... from `` thereason '' which is musiq 's ode to music to `` whereareyougoing '' to the long anticipated collobaration of musiq and his brother from philly on `` dontstop/her '' to the uplifting `` momentinlife '' and then you get to 2 songs that follow each other back to back `` whoknows '' and `` babymother '' musiq shows by placing these songs back to back musiq shows life is n't a fairy tale while you are floatin from the beautiful lyrics , vocals , and chord changes of `` whoknows '' `` babymother `` instantly brings you to a reality that alot of people have faced and i applaud musiq for that . `` whoknows '' just follows in the tradition of musiq 's 1st 2 great ballads `` love '' and `` dontchange '' . what i love about musiq the most is that he makes music that lasts a lifetime instead of following the trend of making right now music like every1 else ... and to you haters i wish you guys could just recognize greatness when its presented to you ... ONE
 Loverman , funkster , beatmeister - all this and more describes Musiq , who along with Jill Scott and the Roots have completely revitalized the Philadelphia soul scene.On his 3rd album , Taalib `` Musiq '' Johnson takes a giant leap forward - his songwriting skills have improved strongly with each album , and on Soulstar he has emerged from the `` Stevie shadow '' with a signature style and some great tunes . And his voice is stunning on this disc - Maxwelll finally has a competitor for the best young voice in soul . `` Fortnight '' is getting plenty of radio play at the moment , and deservedly so . It 's a great tune , full of 80 's style soul , great guitar work . And it is n't even the best tune on this record . For that , go directly to `` Momentinlife '' , which features Philly faves Cee-Lo and Kindred the Family Soul -LRB- incidently , I 'll plug Kindred here again - the BEST new group of the year , and sadly overlooked by the Grammys -RRB- . `` Momentinlife '' features vocals that you just do n't hear on radio nowadays - the interplay between Musiq , Aja and Fatin are as good as anything you have heard in the last 5 years.Musiq can get funky as well , and he turns in a big win with `` Dontstop '' , which teams him up with another Philly great , Bilal -LRB- in fact , it seems the only Philly stars missing from this project are Jill Scott and Vikter Duplaix -RRB- . This is a classic dance jam , and Bootsy would be proud of the funk track this tune generates.The only miss on this disc is a remake of the Rolling Stones `` Miss You '' - the song just does n't rise to the level of the rest of this disc .
 This is the first album I 've heard from Musiq and my breath was taken away . The man of neo-soul created a great 3rd album . With songs like Whereareyougoing , Youloveme , Womanopoly , Thereason , there is no doubt that Musiq is music 's prodigal son .
 first of all , i do n't even know where to start . this man must be from another planet because when he sings , i swear i drop everything and listen . yes , this is true . this album is brilliant -LRB- so is everything he creates -RRB- ! the more i hear him , the more i 'm sucked in . from the moment you put the cd in , you can tell it 's a classic . it 's hard to find inspiring music nowadays , so when you hear it , you know it . i can easily sit back and rate each song as 5-stars . no problem . it 's hard to pick a favorite track because the whole joint is bangin ' ! `` thereason '' , his ode to music -LRB- listen again if you do n't believe me -RRB- is probably one of the best songs i 've ever heard -LRB- EVER -RRB- ! his cover of the rolling stones classic , `` imissyou '' -LRB- heart-pounding -RRB- , `` womanopoly '' -LRB- lyrical genius -RRB- , `` her '' -LRB- makes you wish you were HER -RRB- . i could go on and on about this album and i 'd never run out of good things to say . i 've met him twice and he 's just as cool as he makes you believe he is . now i 'm just waiting for him to make the next two cds so i can fill up my changer . then i 'd truly be in MUSIQAL bliss .
 I may be a bit biased because I have loved Musiq 's style and vibe of soulstirring melodies since day one . He hits the spot with tunes such as `` Forthenight '' , `` Infatueighties '' , `` Missyou '' , `` Dontstop '' , `` Babymother '' and three of my favorities on this particular album `` Whoknows '' , `` Momentinlife '' and `` Thereason '' . He of course ca n't drop a joint without giving us something to think about with `` Givemorelove/Leaveamessage '' . In this day and age of downloading and CD burning it 's worth the money you spend trust me on this one ! You ca n't go wrong with getting this album for yourself or givng as a gift.I love Musiq 's music and he will have a fan in me for life . I am just waiting for the tour ! : -RRB-
 I have no idea what these other critics on here are talking about , this is the best R&B album ever , I love it !!!!
 Good on you to the last reviewer , the other three are obviously not in that frame of mind to understand growth music , you know the music which you hate today , but will loath you hated tommorrow , musiq breaks barriers , one track on his album I did n't like on the second , but after listening to it a couple a times I liked it , thats it how can we elevate if we can learn different formulas , every album he has realeased was hot , I about to purchase it , I have n't even heard it but people tell me its good
 This is a very nice cd . Check it out !
 This is a nice album . Not really a 5 star album , but I still like it . My favorite track is Babymother . I love the subject and chorus of this song . If you like Musiq , cop it .
 Musiq is every bit of a lover as he is a man of soul . His music is captivating and full of beat . He has done it again with Soulstar as he did with his previous albums . Soulstar teases and strikes a note in the party lover . His insite on love and relationships shines in his music . Also its very entertaining to sing to his songs cause he doesnt swallow words and sings in a strong clear voice . MUSIQ is the KiNg Of NeO !
 I 'm not a huge fan of Musiq , nevertheless I own all of his CDs . Soulstar to me , is the best CD out of the 3 . I loved the first CD . The second was just okay to me , but this CD makes up for it all . I luuuvvvvv this CD . I recommend everyone to go out and get it . It 's unique . My favorite songs are 3 , 9 , and 10 .
 Being one severe Stevie Wonder fan , I grew to appreciate Stevie 's sonic evolution from ` Music of my Mind ' through ` Hotter than July ' , and each album continued to become more focused and brilliant as the years went on . I did not immediately pick up Soulstar , only because I did n't think that Musiq had taken such a huge jump with the second album . To be honest , I was n't expecting much . This CD sat around when I bought it for a few weeks , and on a whim while cleaning , it found it 's way into the rotation.Wow......So-called R&B soul cats may have to step up their game significantly after Soulstar . Musiq has put the challenge out there to the singers who have just gotten gimmicky and contrived to get back to those chords and vibes that made Stevie 's music an adventure to play on the stereo . I was sitting down on my couch with the broom still in my hand like
 I 've only had it for less than 2 weeks , and have to buy another one because I 've scratched it taking it between the car and house . You have got to get this cd if you have n't already ! Number 9 , 10 , and second part of 11 are my favorites .
 The `` MusicBoy '' is what he was once called . Well with `` SoulStar '' he is no longer a music boy but a music man . This young cat has proven that he will have a place up there with the great vocalists of our time . The hype is `` Youloveme '' which takes you back in time to the Duke Ellington era . `` Momentinlife '' which was co written by Cee-Lo and `` Thereason '' makes you think you are listening to `` Songs in the Key of Life '' by Stevie Wonder . Musiq truly epitomizes music and he will only get better with time . He has no style , but merely talent so you will never know what to expect . In the words of his own CD ; when it comes to `` SoulStar '' ... juslisen.Favorites : I. MomentinlifeII . ThereasonIII.YoulovemeIV . ForthenightV . Whereareyougoing
 Musiq is truly a great artist . He produces another great album in `` Soulstar '' . One of the few albums I actually feel like I did n't waste my money on.Notable Songs on the Album :1 . Babymother2 . Infatueighties3 . Youloveme4 . Womanopoly5 . TheReason6 . Forthenight7 . Dontstop
 I have to admit that Musiq is operating under a formula , however , it is one that is consistent and produces a unique soul sound . His music flows and his order of songs seems to always be just right . I enjoy this album just a tad bit better than the last one . I actually enjoy this album more than his first as well . I guess I enjoy the tracks on this album a little more than the first and just a tad bit more than his last one . His vocal range is limited but he has his own signature style . Something that I can definitely appreciate .
 This is definitely a KEEPER ! Musiq has done it again . He has all that one would want in a good album . For the soulful , sex-you-up , relective music lover there is
 When I purchased Musiq 's latest cd , I fought with that packaging -LRB- yall know what I 'm talking about -RRB- , when I won the fight I inserted it into my cd player in my truck and I was impressed yet again.You can see that Musiq has matured as an artist and as a man . His songs reached out to the listener and takes them to his side of reality . As I listened to his cd it felt as if I was listening to an old friend tell me about his ups and downs of life and as I am listening I am shaking my head in the affirmative position letting him know that I have been on the same side of those tracks , just on a female level.If you purchase this collage of lyrical life you will not be disappointed , but you do have to be on a certain mind frame to enjoy it ... and that is open-minded to ... neosoul ... and a lover of old school Musiq.Later ...
 I have to say that this Musiq 's best cd so far . His lyrics are just so ... real . Unlike rappers ... he does n't sing about the same thing over and over ... he sings about real situations ... like is `` babymother '' OMG I LOVEEE that song ... KEEP IT UP MUSIQ !!!!
 Musiq , albeit one of my favorite artists out there right now , shot a little short on this release in my opinion . I have been listening to him since his soulchild days and since his first release and Juslisen spent an entire summer in my cd player , there was no song on this cd that could live up to the power of halfcrazy , something , dontchange , or Time to me . The only real stand out track on this cd to me was his second single whoknows , there were a couple other amusing tracks , forthenight for example or babymother or womanopoly I enjoyed somewhat as well , but this disc didnt have the same bite as his others and that disappointed me . Oh well , still pick up his other two discs if you havent heard them , and give them a shot , you wont be disappoited . If you like musiq also check out Anthony Hamilton , and a new guy in my cd changer I been feeling named Lemar from England !
 Alright who is the person that said this album is whack . I do n't know what your taste is but the album is great . If you are a guy you probably wo n't get any women , and if you 're a girl you probably do n't have a man . Every track from the begnning is off the hook . Fellas if you sittin ' with your woman just chillin ' put this CD on and just let the sounds of soul star make your woman want you more because you got good taste in music
 This album probably ai n't worth the 4 stars I gave it , but damn it I just like Musiq . His music is so damn soothing , it just calms me down no matter what mood I 'm in . He gets love for this album just like the other ones I own . Plus , the boy gets more and more like Stevie Wonder everytime I here him . Everything on this cd lives up to his artistic vision . He has features from some other philly soulstars like Bilal , and one of my personal favorite characters , ATL 's Cee-Lo . The top tracks on this are Forthenight , Momentinlife , Dontstop , Soulstar , and Womanopoly . Womanopoly especially caught my ear , cause when I heard he had a song playin on Monopoly the game , I thought it would be cake . And I was n't feelin it at first but it grew on me cuz it 's so catchy and original .
 the song `` her '' is at the end of `` dontstop '' with bilal u have to keep letting the song play through to hear it thatz why the song is like 9 minutes long , i had 2 figure that out too .
 Ok ... so i got the musiq cd . i 've really wanted it for awhile but i had to buy christmas gifts first , and with the paltry 80 dollars i had in my account . i went and got it . listened to it while i was cleaning up and i was digging it , but i listed to it again with the liner notes tonight , and what the heck ... i 'm missing a track !!! there is no song on my cd called `` her . '' if it is on there , it 's not in the number 12 spot , but i 've checked all the other spots . my cd jumps from `` do n't stop '' to `` where are you going . '' what the deuce ?!?!? i 'm really upset about this and just wanted to know if anyone else has track 12 , which should be `` her '' on her disk , b/c i do n't . now on the flip side , the cd is pretty good . track 6 and 9 i really like . the melodies are cool , the lyrics are pretty straight . i 'm feeling this one , but ... i 'm still missing the song . what 's up musiq ?!?!? where 's my track 12 ?!?!?! what 's the deal ?!?!? can you send a sister a single of the song ?!??!! i have the bonus track , but not track 12 , and I should have 16 tracks , but only 15 . so that 's why he only gets four stars ... you drop a track , you do n't get a star . otherwise , it 's a good cd . it may have to grow on ya a bit , but it 's good . but if anyone has the track `` her '' please let me know . cds are too expensive for them to be missing tracks .
 Musiq has made another instant classic . I didnt think he could pull it off . He still keeps his style fresh and reinvents himself even though he hasnt strayed too far from the blueprint . Dont worry fellas this isnt just for the ladies . Musiq keeps it real and about the music . Musiqs 3 album rank in my top 20 favorite albums in my time .
 As a consumer that long ago grew weary of the do me baby mentality cookie cutter R&B scene , the quote/unquote Neo-Soul movement was a welcome change of pace . The first time I heard Musiq , I was so impressed that I immediately bought his cd . As his 2nd release approached , I eagerly anticipated it and it did n't disappoint . I do n't listen to radio and was unaware of Soulstar until I saw it on a new release list and rushed to go pick it up . Musiq has moved himself into and elite category of artists that I do n't require a listen before a purchase . Soulstar is a superstar effort . And I get to sing along at his benefit concert this Friday . I ALREADY know the words . Musiq do ya thing !
 I 'm sad to have to wait a whole year for a real artist to bless us with a full course meal within an album . Musiq has put forth the effort and REAL work toward putting together an album and not lacing it with Bling and Neptune beats . Musiq has been help holding down Neo-Soul movement for three straight summers and has n't fell off his game yet and after this album , it seems that he most likely wo n't at all . His album is complete in all dimnensions .
 Album is pretty good . Basically sticks to the same formula that he has being using since he dropped with his first release , so we know what to expect . There are a few twists along the way , for example , the re-working of The Stones ' `` Miss You '' which is actually very good . But , who would have thought that Musiq would be interested in a remake of that particular song . Overall its a good effort and i can see myself playing this album as well as his previous efforts for a long time . He can only get better . Thanx for some good musiq !!!
 I HAVE THE TWO PREVIOUS RELEASES FROM MUSIQ AND THEY WERE GOOD - BUT `` SOULSTAR '' IS HIS FINEST PRODUCTION YET AND IS AUDIBLY SPECTACULAR ! - THE GRAMMY NOMINATED FIRST SINGLE `` FORTHENIGHT '' HAS THAT MUSIQ SIGNATURE SOUND , A SOULFUL GROOVE-WITH A HIP VIDEO TO MATCH . THIS MULTI-PLATINUM ARTIST SHINES ON THE TANTALIZING TITLE TRACK `` SOULSTAR '' FEATURING A SASSY VOCAL PERFORMANCE FROM CAROL RIDDICK , THIS CD OPENER LEAVES YOU BEGGING FOR MORE - `` WOMANOPOLY '' ONE OF THE BEST PRODUCED TRACKS IN YEARS-MUSIQ SINGS THE SONG OF A WOMAN WHO GOES FROM STRUGGLES TO SUCCESS WHILE INTRICATELY WEAVING THE STREETS OF THE MONOPOLY BOARD GAME IN THE STORY-FRANK ROMANO 'S GUITAR AND SITAR ARRANGEMENTS ARE INCREDIBLE - `` INFATUEIGHTIES '' IS ANOTHER GEM - MUSIQ PROVIDES AMAZING LEAD & BACKGROUND VOCALS OVER A THUMPIN BASELINE AND FINE PERCUSSION - `` BABYMOTHER '' IS A TRUE RHYTHMATIC SLICE OF LIFE ... LISTEN TO THE SOULCHILD SOAR ON `` MOMENTINLIFE '' THIS FANTASY/DREAM SEQUENCED LACED TRACK FEAT . KINDRED THE FAMILY SOUL & CEE-LO IS MUSICALLY MESMERIZING ! AND THERES MORE `` ROMANCIPATION '' `` GIVEMORELOVE '' `` THEREASON '' FEATURES SOULSTIRRING BACKGROUND VOCALS FROM KENNY LATTIMORE - THERE 'S REALLY NO NEED TO COMPARE MUSIQ TO ANY OTHER ARTIST BECAUSE HE IS IN A LEAGUE OF HIS OWN . EVEN IF YOU DO N'T OWN A MUSIQ CD ... AND YOU WANT SOMETHING REFRESHING ADD `` SOULSTAR '' TO YOUR MIX . YOU 'LL BE GLAD YOU DID .
 I was first introduced to Musiq Soulchild when I purchased the soundtrack to Nutty Professor 2 . It took a little while for `` Just Friends -LRB- Sunny -RRB- '' to grow on me , but once I acquired a liking for the song , I knew that I would pick up Musiq 's 1st CD , `` Aijuswanaseing '' . Once the 2nd single `` Love '' hit radio everyone waned to make sure that they picked this CD up . Some of my favorites included `` Mary Go Round '' , `` Settle For My Love '' , `` You & Me '' , and `` L Is Gone '' which used the same beat as The Roots ' `` Next Movement '' . Overall , Musiq had a nice debut CD on his hands . On his next CD `` Juslisen '' , Musiq proved that there was not going to be a sophomore jinx in his case . Hits like `` Half Crazy '' , and `` Do n't Change '' backed with my favorites `` Newness '' , `` Time '' , `` Stoplayin '' and `` Previouscats '' proved that Musiq was n't going to be a one hit wonder.On `` Soulstar '' , Musiq presents what to me is a direct continuation of `` Juslien '' . The 1st single `` Forthenight '' sounds as if it was made for the clubs . The track is easy to dance to and sounds as if Musiq was looking for a slight change of pace since most of singles lately had been slow jams . `` Dontstop '' which features Bilal , who had a sleeper debut with his `` 1st Born Second '' CD , also is a nice uptempo jam . The two artists blend well together on the 88 Keys produced track . `` Whoknows '' more than likely sounds as if it will be the next single . This song reminds me alot of `` Dontchange '' by how it sounds lyrically . `` Whereareyougoing '' is another slow jam that has Musiq trying to change to be with the woman that he wants to be with for life . The theme is a good one as Musiq wonders wonder or not it is too late to try to start the relationship up again . `` Youloveme '' has Musiq feeling insecure about the current relationship that he is in because of the `` behaviors '' of the girl that he is with . He feels that he may be analyzing the situation too much but he ca n't help to think that there may be some shadiness going on . `` Infaueighties '' is a laid back midtempo song that has Musiq talking about how things are going real well between him and a particular young lady and how that makes him feel.As with every CD there are going to be some faults . In my opinion , Musiq is trying to hard on `` Womanopoly '' . Yes it 's a concept that no one has used before , but after hearing this song you 'll see why they left the concept alone in the first place . `` Missyou '' seems to be a remake of a Rolling Stones tune . I am not sure but the track is wriiten by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards . If it 's not a Rolling Stones song then someone let me know and correct me . However , Musiq you need to leave that alone . There are nothing wrong with remakes but when you try to remake a song you have to make sure that you do the original track some justice . Another problem that I have with `` Soulstar '' is that the CD sounds too much like `` Juslisen '' . Since Musiq released 2 CDs in 2 years , I am assuming that this was his goal . However , some songs from `` Soulstar '' sound like they were left off of `` Juslisen '' and put on this CD.Overall , `` Soulstar '' is a nice CD . The intro with Carol Riddick starts things off right and the majority of the tracks on `` Soulstar '' are worth listening to . However , to maintain serious longevity in the game , you have to change things up a little bit sometimes . Whether it 's with production or the lyrical content , you do n't want your CDs to start sounding like Volumes of one another unless you 're Jay Z . If you are a Musiq fan then you should purchase `` Soulstar '' . If you were n't a fan of `` Juslisen '' then you may want to hear a few tracks before you deicde to `` cop that disc '' . James ' Top 51 -RRB- whoknows2 -RRB- forthenight3 -RRB- dontstop4 -RRB- infatueighties5 -RRB- youloveme
 I love Musiq -LRB- even when he had the Soulchild , do n't get me wrong all the songs are n't hits BUT for the most part he is doing his thing on this album . Cut my man a break , he is trying and I look forward to his new album . I love his voice , his music and him in general . The tracks that are my fav 's are : InfatueightiesWhoknowsFortheNightYouknowyoulovemeMomentinlifeWomanopolyBuy , borrow -LRB- from a friend or Library -RRB- this Cd it 's mellow like the way Neo-soul is supposed to be.Toodles ,
 I have to give it up to Musiq again ! He took this album to another level . He kept his original style , but at the same time he did a lot of new things . He has a grown so much as a vocalist , and I love him.I was already an avid supporter of his , so I bought this alum without even hearing any songs on it.I was not disappointed .
 I have all 3 of Musiq 's CD 's ... and I love him then ... now ... and always . My overall view of his CD is simple put ... AMAZING ! Were does he get that thing from ? My favorite tracks are `` Momentinlife '' `` whoknows '' `` givemorelove '' and `` forthenight `` I will always be a musiq fan ... I am ... simply put ... in awww of you Musiq.Much Love And Continued Sucess ! Lorimer
 Another soul classic from ` soulstar ' Musiq.The upbeat title track with it 's beautiful chorus gets the cd off to a blazing start . ` Babymother ' is a beautiful ballad about an unplanned pregnancy and taking responsibility . The socially concious lyrics continue on ` Womanopoly ' and the Marvin Gaye-ish ` Givemorelove ' . For dancing , there 's the lead off single ` Forthenight ' , ` Do n'tstop ' with Bilal , ` Her ' and ` Romancipation ' . Musiq posesses a tenderness and honesty unseen in most male vocalists.One of the best cds to come out in a while .
 IJustLoveThisCD . Of all the CD 's I recently purchased this is definetly the best one . There is not one single song on this CD that is NOT good , all of them are amazing . I am used to skipping songs so I can listen to the ones I like , but on this CD I do n't have to do that because they are all good.I ca n't say enough good things about Musiq and his Soulstar CD . He is a very talented artist and deserves more recongnition .
 Musiq is no doubt a talented artist that continues to be among the R&B artists that continues to keep soul music alive today . The only problem I have about this album is the timing of its release . Musiq has dropped three album in about three years which has n't really given listeners a chance to see him grow vocally . Between the first and second album Musiq 's vocal and writing ability grew quite a bit , but you can not hear that same growth between the second and third album , None the less Musiq delivers another solid album that puts most of the other Male R&B soloists to shame . Musiq begins the journey with the beautiful uptempo track `` Soulstar '' which is vintage Musiq.Youloveme , Forthenight , and Dontstop featuring Bilal are all nice tracks that is what Musiq is know for . The production on the album is primarily handled by Ivan `` Orthadox '' Barias and Carvin Higins two of the most talented producers in any music genre today . I guess the album is what I expected but Musiq has established a leval of quality each time out and he continues to maintain that quality .
 I love this main . He is the Stevie of our time . His music remains soulful and is entrenched with meaning . I love the beats and lyrics . He continues to explore more of what soul music is , and can be.The intro is bangin ' . I love # 5 and # 10 especially . I can honestly put all 3 albums in rotation and be entertained for hours . Cop this album !
 I have read through the other reviews , and I respect their opinions ... BUT THEY ARE WAAAAAAAY OFF REGARDING SOULSTAR . Each album is different , and represents the natural progression of growth . Change is good , but he has n't gone far from his wonderful ability to make his words jump off the page and smack you in the face . For those of us caught up in the `` puppy love '' feel of 143 or Girl Next Door , we have all grown up and matured and can now appreciate songs like Whoknows or Moment in Life or Her . Musiq is a wonderful artist that has allowed his creative ability to not be suppressed by current media/market perceptions . For those that have never seen Musiq live , then yes I understand this might be a little different from what you might be used to . But if you truly love Soul Music ... real soul Music and not any of these cracker box imitations ... then it will make sense like Prince , Donny , Marvin , and Billy H. did . This CD is a must have , as are all of the rest . It has been playing in the car , home , and work for since the store opened Tuesday ! Believe me this CD has some tracks that might nock some of your other Musiq favorites out of the box.He keeps getting better . Do n't take my word for it though , listen for yourself !
 I love this CD . . I am a big Musiq fan . . This cd is good from beginning to end . The musiq is very pretty . . and what I love about him is that he is so creative he talks about things other people really dontMy favorite tracks are # 1 Soulstar # 3 Womanolopy # 6 whoknows . . very pretty track # 7 babymother ... I love this track # 12 Her # 13 whereareyougoingall the real Musiq fans stand up . . and go get my boy 's cd . . its tight . . it deserves more than 5 stars
 This CD is great !!! I have all of Musiq 's CDs and I think this is the best one . He seems to get better and better . I have n't been able to stop playing this CD -LRB- in 3 days -RRB- . This is a must have ... especially for long car rides ! : -RRB-
 I almost did n't buy this album . Of course , I had the other two and was obliged to buy the 3rd , but I put it off for the longest time . 5 months after its release , I saw the `` Soulstar '' cassette for 8 bucks , and I decided that it was a steal . So I get home and I 'm thinking `` I hope this does n't sound like `` Juslisen
 Guys , this man knows how to sing ! I loved `` aijuswanaseeing '' and i think that `` juslisen '' is a little masterpiece , so i bought `` soulstar '' without listening not even to one single song , and my trust has been repaid
 Musiq makes really insightful music . He does n't have the best voice in the game , but passionate music and creative talent are more important in some respects than raw vocal prowess . I will say that it helps when you have fantastic music to go along with the nice lyrics . My favorite song on the album is `` Womanopoly , '' by a long shot . I like how they incorporate the shaking of dice into the rhythm , and the creative use of Monopoloy terms is interesting . Not a classic , but good , listenable music .
 I have read through the other reviews , and I respect their opinions ... BUT THEY ARE WAAAAAAAY OFF REGARDING SOULSTAR . Each album is different , and represents the natural progression of growth . Change is good , but he has n't gone far from his wonderful ability to make his words jump off the page and smack you in the face . For those of us caught up in the `` puppy love '' feel of 143 or Girl Next Door , we have all grown up and matured and can now appreciate songs like Whoknows or Moment in Life or Her . Musiq is a wonderful artist that has allowed his creative ability to not be suppressed by current media/market perceptions . For those that have never seen Musiq live , then yes I understand this might be a little different from what you might be used to . But if you truly love Soul Music ... real soul Music and not any of these cracker box imitations ... then it will make sense like Prince , Donny , Marvin , and Billy H. did . This CD is a must have , as are all of the rest . It has been playing in the car , home , and work for since the store opened Tuesday ! Believe me this CD has some tracks that might nock some of your other Musiq favorites out of the box.He keeps getting better . Do n't take my word for it though , listen for yourself !
 I must admit that I was a little skeptical about buying Soulstar because I loved Aijuswanaseing 's `` Just Friends '' so much that I barely took it out of my cd player , and refused to play the rest of the cd for about a week . The rest of the cd turned out pretty good but none compared to `` Just Friends '' . Then Juslisten came along and I figured there was going to be an equal to `` Just Friends '' . No luck ! That cd was wack . So when `` Soulstar '' came around , I thought long & hard before I bought it . But when I put the cd in , I wore a smile . There is absolutely no need to press the forward button on this cd . The whole album is what bootleggers despise -- worth buying LEGITIMATELY FROM THE STORES ! Every song on here could be a single , in my opinion . Musiq goes past the typical love story to actually talk about things outside the box with thoughtful lyrics and beats worth bobbing your head to . I think many R&B artists fall off because their beats are either remixed -LRB- ugh ! -RRB- or not able to vibe with , and Musiq knows this because he worked with some of the best producers for his voice . I genuinely believe this is a great work !
 this album is so old school in its heavy hitting beats . I 'm addicted . There is nothing sad on this album -LRB- except for the very serious song babymother -LCB- about becoming an unexpectant father -RCB- -RRB- . It 's a feel good CD . Even the leaveamessage track is fun .
 At first I did n't really care for this album , but after a couple of listens , I love it . Neo-soul is here to stay and Musiq is the greatest . My favorite tracks are Womanopoly , Babymother , Who Knows , and so on . This cd is hot and I ca n't wait for the next one .
 Musiq does it again ! Keeping with the tradition of his previous works , you 'll find that this album is right inline with his paved style in hip-hop . You 'll find beats that keep your body in movement and of course it 's lyrically righteous!Oh , and if you loved ` dontchange ' on the previous album , then ` whoknows ' sets a similar groove as a hip love-ballad .
 Great Cd ... . I love Musiq soulchild and always have . I decided to get all his CDs after I saw him in concert . I wanted them anyway just never took action .
 I really like his music and enoy to listening to it all the time . I would recommend this cd to everyone .
 I love Every song Musiq Souldchild sings.I love Every song Musiq Souldchild sings.I love Every song Musiq Souldchild sings.I love Every song Musiq Souldchild sings .
 Love this mans music . He has the same , consistent sound we have grown to love yet he still takes it to different levels to keep it fresh and inspiring . What I praise most about musiq is that he believes in love and romance . He does n't sing about sex , alcohol and bling like many new artists do . He respects women through his music and you ca n't help but want a bit of musiq in your life ! I also saw him in concert in Sydney , Australia and the man is very talented . Again , a natural born singer . His career has a long way to go because I really do n't see it getting old . Highly recommend this album and all the following as well . We love you MUSIQ !
 Love , love , love this album . I have all of Musiq 's album and he performs at his best on all of them . But this one is one of my favorites . If you 're exploring neosoul or r & b this is a great artist to get started with !
 I 'm a huge fan of Musiq ! I recently heard the cd again & decided to purchase
 Thanks for giving me such a great product . I could not tell that this CD was used at all . It was taken very well care of . No scratches , skips or anything ! Keep up the good work !
 First of all I have to give props to Musiq for making a great album . Now for those of you who 've never heard of Musiq I got ta put you on him and for those who 've thought about buying the album but just need a second opinion then check the review
 Once again , Musiq has put the artform of `` real music '' into true perspective . I was n't displeased at anything on this disc at all . Every track on `` Soulstar '' is rythmistic and fluent . This is definately without a shadow of a doubt `` THEE Best CD '' of Musiq 's collection thus far ... , PERIOD !!!
 I was excited when I found out that Musiq releasing a new CD . Even though he has very few guest appearences on his album , I 'm never dissapointed when it comes down to Musiq ; he 's a musiqkal genius when it comes to his albums . Although I wish I could see him in concert here in Phoenix but I know that it wo n't be possible because not too many people in Phoenix has ever heard of Musiq and how tight he is . I 'm not gon na analyze the CD nor his creativity , he is who he is and his music is self ~ explanitory . All I know is that he 's not down with commercialism , and he wants to set an example to his fans that you do n't have to sell yourself short just to make a great album -LRB- w / a tight CD jacket -RRB- and be successful , there are other ways besides being bombarded by ghettoized images that are displayed in other people 's music and videos.To me , that 's a true artist in it 's entirety . The thing that got me is the track that he did w / Kindred -LRB- the family soul -RRB- and Cee ~ lo -LRB- which happens to be from my hometown -RRB- . Illadeph is where it 's at Fa'Sho , and Musiq along w / Jill Scott , The Kindred , Bilal , The Roots , Jeff Bradshaw , and let 's not forget Floetry , represents that very well .
 Musiq has put to together one solid project with his third effort Soulstar . The album is incredibly self assured and focused . It is rare that I enjoy a CD on first listen , but Soulstar is worthy of such recognition . In addition the use of guest stars such as Cee-lo and Kindred on Momentinlife and Carol Riddick on Soulstar do not seem forced , but a well throughout and executed idea . As I said in the review over a year ago for Juslisten , It took a while for it to grow on me . Soulstar grabbed me on first listen , and I plan to continue to hear what Musiq has to say .
 Musiq did it again every song on here i like to some sort but my favorite , favorite , is `` Momentinlife '' with kindred and cee-loguiness !!! I recommend this to all the `` real musiq Lovers `` I agree with the other person who said that Kindred was overlooked cause that was the truth . They did not get the credit that was due . come on yall lets get the Real Artist to the top cause that is where Real music Lives and is created . They Deserve it ! But anyway Musiq Wonderful job it just gets better and better .
 I knew I could n't go wrong with Musiq . I have his other two albums and I love them . I would have given him 5 stars , but there 's a song , I 'm not too crazy about . But other than that . Musiq 's got it going on .
 Like to say I 'm really lovin ' and feelin ' this album ! It shows a new way to show himself approval in the R&B ; / Neo-Soul world . I admire Musiq when he puts out great hits that talks from the heart . That 's why I 'm a huge Musiq fan . This is definitely the ones I may keep ` round a long time 'cause nobody who loves music or are n't real addicted to R&B ; must ` nt live w/o this.I thank God that he 's keepin it real and always will in the near future . I know I told everybody I play the trumpet . Maybe 1 day I work with him . But God told me he 's has something plan 4 me right there . He saying `` Henry u 're not ready for a music career just yet . Love what you 're doing but they 're a lot of things you have to sacrifice in life other than music . '' Y' know that 's something I 'm awaiting now when I go to college or else wait until I done my education and everything.Anyway , long period short , I give the album 4.5 stars even tho I never had any problems with it or whatever . I still believe it 's a good CD . Here are my favorites from the album
 This is a good cd it takes a while to grow on you you have to get use to the soulfullness then you 'll be dancing away , he could of went harder on some songs tho . The production was on point ill give it to him there , keep doin what you do musiq !
 In this day and age , artists like Musiq can be confusing.You know that they are talented and that they are wholly capable of producing good music , but is the music they produce good because it 's actually good or because so much other music around it is so bad ? Are his lyrics more responsible or `` positive '' or warming to the sensibilities because the common denominator of much R&B ; these days does n't rise above the temperature of a bottle of chilled Moet wrapped in ladies ' underwear ? Is there a classic song , album or artist imbedded in all of the neo-soul hype?In the case of some so-called neo-soul artists , yes
 Pleasantly surprised . Having missed the hype -LRB- if there was any -RRB- on this album , I purchased it because I own the previous two . Out of the 6 CD 's I purchased , it 's of the top two . He 's original , his lyrics are interesting , music to make you think and move at the same time . Love it .
 Ok . I was a musiq fan before but I actually went and bought this one . . -LRB- lol -RRB- . I had the cd for Forthenight and found more interesting songs.Im wondering how can you not like this cd , its creative and very different , and still musiq . Well Im loving this cd to this day a year and a half later !! 1 . Soulstar - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- GREATEST Intro ive heard in r & b ; history...2-Youloveme - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- I LOVE this song what more can I say . -LRB- fast paced -RRB- 3-Womanopoly - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- Im feelin the monopoly thing he got goin here -LRB- fast paced -RRB- 4-Forthenight - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- reason why I bought the cd ! -LRB- fast paced -RRB- 5-Infatueighties - -LRB- 3-5 -RRB- I dont really care too much about this song it didnt fit..6-Whoknows - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- Kinda reminds me of dontchange , but I played this song too many times :--RRB- -LRB- slow pace -RRB- 7-Babymother - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- This song grew on me.I love it . -LRB- normal -RRB- 8-Missyou - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- Another solid reason to love this cd -LRB- Fast pace -RRB- 9-Momentinlife - -LRB- 2-5 -RRB- Another song that didnt belong . -LRB- normal -RRB- 10-Thereason - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- . Another favorite . LOVE this song11-Dontstop - -LRB- 3-5 -RRB- Ok !! 12-Her - -LRB- 0-0 -RRB- Ok am I the only one that dont have a song for this ?? I 'm tryin to figure out what happened here13-Whereareyougoing - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- My favorite song on the cd . I can relate to this song in soo many ways -LRB- slow song -RRB- 14-Romanticipation - -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- This is what im talkin about. : - -RRB- 15-Givemorelove/Leaveamessage -LRB- 5-5 -RRB- Nice endingAll in all this cd is one of the great ones . I would refer this cd to friends like I have , and this is the best cd out of the 3 to me ... Keep up the good work here ... : - -RRB-
 When I purchased Musiq 's first CD -LRB- aijuswannaseeing -RRB- I digged the begining but skimmed through the rest saying to myself `` this was a fair attempt , but maybe next time '' then I ` really ' listened to his tracks , and I was HOOKED ! Juslisen dropped and I found myself repeating my stupidity , he done told me to juslisen from the start !! So when Soulstar dropped I shouldve learned my lesson right ? Not ! after a few listens ... heres my thoughts !!! 1 . Soulstar -- hot intro start to one or the ` true ' R&B ; albums out there ! nice melody , tight lyrics as he describes the angel he 's seen , who declares him a ` Soooooul Starrr ' 2 . youloveme -- please listen to the lyrics then judge this song -LRB- this will be a reoccuring theme throughout my review -RRB- he 's questioning his relationship , being suspicious when his girl 's phone rings when he 's around , thinking to himself '' you love me , dont you ? you wouldnt be ... cheating ? `` 3 . Womonopoly -- not hot on this song like most people seem to be , but his lyrics flows , I 'm feeling how he ties in names from monopoly with the lyrics of how a young lady struggles and ` grinds from the bottom , just to make it to the bottom / now she 's on top and she 's shining ! 4 . forthenight -- upbeat mood , he had to at least try to make us dance5 . Infatueighties -- beat is nice , I think the same producer did this and # 3 , its almost like he 's flowing -LRB- rapping -RRB- on this one .6 . Whoknows -- the stand out track on this LP ! moving climax to this one . it 's so tastefully done that most dont notice that he 's trying to just talk a girl into having sex and hopefully it will turn into love ! He got some good lines ! lol ! 7 . babymother -- the title denotes another boring song about some babymama drama , BUT , this song is NOT that . He finds out some chick he hit up is pregnant and he 's just thinking if he even wants to be with her , but he knows he 's got to support his child . this is a different approach for me , and a good one I might add .8 . missyou -- I guess this is the Rolling stones remake everyone is talking about . I 'm feeling it .9 . momentinlife -- the vocal arrangement and setup reminds of how he was hardly on ` settle for my love ' , this song made me want to check out kindred 's CD , cee-lo tries to take over too ! 10 . thereason -- You noticed no bad reviews yet , it continues with this one .11 . dontstop/her -- dontstop is BANGIN !! , a nice club beat thats knockin ' , talking bout cutting it up in da club then it flips into ` her ' explaining everything he likes about ... ` her ' .12 . whereareyougoing -- well placed slow track , it makes a true statement . `` If youre with the one you love , where are you going '' ? 13 . romanciptation -- the only ` miss ' on this project ! 14 . radio interlude -- just him introducing the next track ... 15 . givemorelove/leaveamessage -- one of the best songs and with a good message about artists needing more substance in their work -LRB- read : Hip Hop/Rap music -RRB- then the final song needs to be ` felt ' its not boring but its got ta grow on ya.Thats my feelings , buy the CD now !!
 Musiq is evolving and this album proves it . The strings & the horns sounds great . The brotha is subtly channeling some of Prince 's 1978 debut album `` For You '' for those of you that remember . I also recall hearing Prince 's version of the Stone 's `` Miss You '' live in London early 80 's . I personally like Musiq 's version better . Ca n't wait for the next one to drop .
 I love these albums that you have to listen to two or three times before it becomes a classic in the making . This is hot . I downloaded it ... . then went out to buy it . Only track I probably did n't like was the answering machine joint at the end and whoknows . Other than that ... the album is hot ! Cop this one .
 As Musiq himself said about this CD ... he 's traveling the same road of music , it 's just with a different car . That 's a great analogy for the slightly different sounds that you 'll encounter on `` Soulstar . '' I liked the whole thing upon the very first listen , and I like it better each time after.The voice
 Wow !!! Is all I can say for this CD , this Album even if I was n't a fan would be in my CD player . Musiq captures `` music '' at it 's best . This is an album that I listen to from start to finish and not skip a song . I apperciate Musiq for being well and being so creative . Songs to look out for are Womenopoly as well as WhoKnows , Infatueightes , Babymomma and just the whole album . Musiq takes topics we can relate to and puts them to songs and makes you feel like he went through it with you . Musiq if there were more stars you would get them . LOVE IT !!!!!!!!! Go out an get this album it is well worth it !!!
 In my opinion , this is one of the best albums from an R&B ; artist that I have heard in a while . Musiq does n`t follow the trend of hiring the hottest producers or the hottest rappers to be on his album like other R&B ; artist , he ` s just himself.Some of my favorites on this album include
 I see that a lot of the people that write long reviews are top 100 or top 50 reviewers , which really suprises me , I 've been listening to Musiq for quite some time now . I saw how one person used Glen Lewis Compared to Musiq , while Glen Lewis may be a great artists , hes had one CD out , and one solid single which was `` Dont You Forget '' , Musiq has put out several singles since the time that Lewis has dropped a CD , and dont even get me started on D'angelo , this guy is nowhere to be found year after year , while Musiq is always there with Santana and doing various other things , `` SoulStar '' in my opinion may have been one of his most creative releases to date , while Maxwell and others may have started the Neo-Soul movement , they did not finish it , and thats why Musiq is here to stay , because he has something real to say , the best track on this CD is `` WhoKnows '' he really puts his voice to use in the latter part of the song , quite unbelievable , this is real music right here , and other artists need to take notes , there is too much garbage being put out there today with poor efforts given
 Musiq has done it yet again . From his first cd until his latest , I have never been disappointed . Lyrically and musically , he is definitely one of the best . It 's very rare that you can just put a cd on and just let it play . I bought this cd and did n't have a chance to listen to it until I was driving home to Maryland from NY . I let the cd play three times . My favorite track is `` Whoknows '' . The lyrics ... let 's just say everyone can relate to it . Each track tells a story . Buy this cd , trust me you will not be disappointed .
 I 'd been waiting for the release of Musiq 's new LP , Soulstar for a while , and I was upset that I could n't fit it into my budget when I bought Alicia Keys ' `` The Diary of Alicia Keys '' last week . But yesterday , I was beyond surprised when I got it as a gift from my Secret Santa at work , and I got ta say that I 'm absolutely in love with this CD !! Musiq pays homage to The Rolling Stones with an even funkier rendition of their 1978 hit `` Miss You '' -- but Musiq , being the purposely grammatically-challenged artist that he is , spells it `` Missyou . '' No matter how he spells it , it 's a jam ! Also , and this is a goof on behalf of the manufacturers , the song titled `` Her , '' is crossfaded with his excellent duet with Bilal -LRB- fellow Neo-Soul brother and Philadelphian -RRB- titled `` Dontstop , '' making the track 8 minutes long ! It does n't really matter to me , because I love 'em both!Of course , Musiq 's first single , `` Forthenight , '' is a gem ; I knew I was gon na get this CD after hearing that song just once . Also , `` Momentinlife , '' `` Givemorelove/Leaveamessage '' keep my head bobbing to the beat.Like my other favorite CD of this year , `` The Diary of Alicia Keys , '' I forsee some Grammy nods for this one , as it , too , shows how Musiq has grown as an artist without completely abandoning his `` stee-lo '' that put him on the map in 2000 . All in all , I give this masterpiece 4 stars Although I rated it 5 stars . I took off a half for that blunder with `` Dontstop '' and `` Her . '' Had that error not been there , it 'd have gotten 5 true stars , no questions about it !
 Just short and to the point , I 'M LOVING IT !!!!!!!!!!! I have the last two albums and this one was a lovely addition.Keep it coming Musiq with your handsomeness.Much love .
 Each listener will decide if they like this release and which among the 3 Musiq releases they like best . Of all the neo-soul artists out in the last 5 + years , I probably have listened to Bilal , D'Angelo and Musiq most . However , I am especially impressed with Musiq 's ability to crank out records every 2 years of solid to excellent quality . Many of the other neo-soulers seem to be struggling with doing this -LRB- I 'm sure for various reasons - writer block ; record company problems ; etc -RRB- . He reminds me of the time when Marvin , Steve , Aretha and others got product out every 1-2 years . And , today it 's even harder since an entire album must consist of strong cuts , unlike the 60 's when you could do a strong single or two plus fillers for the rest of the album -LRB- of course not to say there were n't many great 60 's albums -RRB- . Lots of respect to Musiq !
 Musiq 's new CD is fantastic effort . Even though his music has generally maintained the same format , there are some slight differences with this CD than his previous ones . It seems as if he went for more of an orchestrated feel with this one . In many songs , there are quite a but of this . And it works out really well . There are a lot of strong tracks on here . My favorite tracks are `` moment in life '' w/Kindred and Cee-Lo , `` womanopoly '' and `` infatueighties '' . There 's pretty much only one song I ca n't stand and that is `` miss you '' . And there 's another song that I 'm indifferent about , so this prohibits me from giving it a perfect 5 stars , but this is nothing but quality and I would definitely recommend it to most fans of R&B and Hip-Hop . At least those who are n't swayed by most of the mainstream trash that they hear on the radio .
 I 've been a long time Musiq fan , and I was n't disappointed with this CD either ! Practically each track was good . With most of the CD 's you buy nowadays , you end up pressing `` next '' in the car . Not this one ! Musiq 's lyrics are very clear , he tells a story with EVERYTHING he writes , and I really dug `` Womanopoly '' , and the first track should have been a full song , not an interlude . But outside of that , keep putting it down Musiq ! After this CD , I think you can go ahead and put `` soulchild '' back on your name ... !
 The man is back and in full control . I love this cd . It has what I truly believe is classic soul music to the fullest . Soulstar , the interlude is so tight . I wish it was a complete song . I have my seven year olds singing it . Definitely , '' a must have '' . I am a true Musiq fan and I highly reccomend this cd . I loved the last two albums and this one is just another great classic from the '' SOULSTAR '' that he truly is indeed .
 He has done it again . This guy did not miss a beat from the first album to this one . This is for those that truly appreciate the excellent writing skills and the sleek vocal arrangments of an artist that will be here to stay . The title track Soulstar is a killer and it should have been longer which begins my crave for the amazing Prince style writing . The duet with Bilal is definitley HISTORY . Womanopoly has got my head spinning , excellent symbolism . `` WHEREAREYOUGOING '' has the be the best written , melodic keychanging song on this album . You ca n't ask for a better Masterpiece ... Keep it up !!!!!!!
 All of the people that gave Musiq 5 stars are just die-hard Musiq fans . Although I enjoyed this album , it definitely fails in comparison with his other albums . Musiq , who is usually very deep and profound with his lyrics and sends out a thought provoking messages does n't quite do that this time . He definitely could have kept the single entitled babymother , I mean the title alone speaks for itself . I must say after being a gigantic fan of aijuswanaseing and juslisen , I must reluctantly admit that this one does not reach the bar that I know he can reach . Do n't let this discourage you because this is a good album , just not as good as the others .
 I bought this recording under the budget label NAXOS release and agree with the previous poster who cites the liner notes that this score should be listened to in its entirety and often.Never having seen the film , but being a fan of the old chillers , I knew of the music only via the brief clip recorded by Dick Jacobs on his extremely worthy but all-too-short `` Themes From ... '' LP -LRB- also available on CD -RRB- . The Jacobs recording offered an abridged and re-orchestrated - yet highly effective - version of the main title theme -LRB- which I and those in my circle dubbed The Misery Waltz -RRB- , and which served well in a number of theatre and video projects . The present CD recording of the reconstructed score gives a better appreciation of and greater stature to what would otherwise have been neglected and forgotten ; the workmanlike professionalism accorded to even the most modest film scores of - comparatively - low-budget chillers.Again , never having seen the film I was in a unique position to approach the score with no preconceived notions or recollections of what the music represented -LRB- apart from my own previous uses made of the `` Misery Waltz '' -RRB- . To this end I can say that Salter 's score is fine music . The liner notes quote the composer as describing his scores for these chillers as `` Americana , '' and in a large degree that is accurate . Somewhat demented Americana at times , but Americana just the same . To be sure there is plenty of Frankensteinian European coloring -LRB- Gypsy Tantrums is a standout -RRB- , and the Paul Dessau bits are gems in themselves , but one never feels far from the dark corners and foggy streets of our own backyards.The recording itself is full and rich , the orchestra is lusty and plays with a certain tangible glee during certain more melodramatic passages , while every drop of pathos is wrung from the tragic love sequences . This is a CD not to be missed by fans of horror film scores , but I would also recommend it to even the more casual listener of concert music as a worthwhile and , yes - even rewarding , addition .
 The HOUSE OF FRANKENSTEIN score is wall-to-wall Universal horror excitement . Five seconds in , you know you 're experiencing a classic monster movie . What better recommendation is there than that ? I ca n't find a single cue here -LRB- of thirty -RRB- to complain about . The music 's chilling , ominous , unsettling , pounding and everything else anyone could crave - and all of that leavened with just the right amount of Gypsy-inspired stuff to ensure that no one could possibly hear it without conjuring a mental image of a pentagram and a full moon . And unlike some of the other Marco Polo score discs , this one does n't suffer from weakly recorded sound . What a great CD this is!In the CD booklet , arranger John Morgan says that only a piano/conductor score had survived -LRB- in the possession of composer Hans J. Salter -RRB- and that he had to reconstruct the orchestration by ear from the film itself , listening through all the `` dialog , explosions , screams and other unsavoury sounds . '' He did a good job . I myself have done a great deal of music transcription by ear -LRB- including orchestral -RRB- and I know it 's not easy . And Bill Whitaker , in his turn , says of this music that , like THE SEA HAWK , CITIZEN KANE , SINCE YOU WENT AWAY and THE BEST YEARS OF OUR LIVES , it `` rates being heard complete and often '' . I 'd never have thought to couple this score with any of those , but I can see his point . Salter painted a magnificent canvas beginning to end .
 This single is soo catchy you will dancing round your living room in no time , it sounds like an old sixties song , but beleive ME THIS IS MUCH BETTER THAN SIXTIES MUSIC .
 The single `` It must be love '' is so catchy youll have it stuck in your head after the first time you listen to it !! The song has a live and enthusiasim of its own and you cant help but want to sing and dance along to it and its catchy hook certianly hooks you into the song . The video is contained on the cd and its bright and happy and full of life , a excellent reflection of the song ! If you like music to dance round your room in , enjoy quality pop or even the feel of music from the 60 's this IS the cd for you ! Come on ... buy it ... you KNOW you want it !!!
 I stumbled across this while on ebay . But I saw someone had one on Amazon , so I went ahead and purchased it . Great listen , and view . It comes with a video of `` Must Be Love '' . Looks like they had a fun time making the video . Tommy & Derek are hotties as well as incredible preformers . Too bad there has n't been anything released since the one and only project was released in 2000 . It would have been fun to hear more .
 I absoultely LOVE Mero ! I just wish that they had more than one single out , because I ca n't get enough of them ! I listen to this single over and over again without getting tired of it . It 's a group of two guys , but it 's not entirely pop sounding . It 's just fun loving music to relax and enjoy .
 i would like to hear music via internet first than buy
 Usually , the trend for record labels is to continuously record only the popular and more well known works of famous composers , well this cd goes the opposite way . This cd focuses on early works by Caplet , Debussy and Ravel . Written soley for the purpose of winning the annual Prix de Rome scholarship contest , these pieces rarely get heard ... due to lack of interest.I recently had the privilege of performing two of the Ravel pieces and just fell in love with the lushness of these early works . This prompted me to purchase the cd . To my ashtonishment , Ravel and Debussy both posses strong orchestral composing skills . Ravel 's L' Aurore is a prime example of this . He brings to life the dawning of a new day in the first 10 bars ! Ravel 's gift for lush orchestration shines through here at the young age of 25 ! Too bad he never won the top prize in this contest ! Which by the way he failed to win 5 times in a row ! This was the subject of major scandel because Ravel was fast becoming a popular figure at the time of his attempts to win the contest , but the judges denied his compositions to be worthy of the Conservatory 's acceptance . The public was outraged by this.The Debussy and Caplet pieces are very interesting ! Debussy at an early takes advantage of parallel 5th 's which bacame a signature in his later compositions.Conductor Grimbert 's phrasing and over-all handling of both choir and orchestra are exquisit ! get yours today !
 It 's a pity Matt Monro is largely forgotten is the United States these days , because he was a superb singer . He is still remembered in Britain , and you can see a full track listing on the Amazon.uk website . One problem might be that he was English , and he came along in the early 1960 's which was fairly late in the game for traditional pop singers . He was obviously influenced by Sinatra , and maybe the world only needed one Sinatra at that time , although we sure could use another today.This CD should never have gone out of print because it contains one of the best vocal albums of all time , `` Matt Monro Sings Hoagy Carmichael '' from 1962 or so . That high praise is no exaggeration . Carmichael was a midwestern songwriter - from Indiana , I believe , and unlike his urban contemporaries , the Gershwins and Cole Porter and Richard Rodgers , most of his songs conjure up rural America and a slower pace of life . Monro has a real feel for these meandering songs , and turns in the definitive version of several tunes . `` I Get Along Without You Very Well '' is heartbreaking and may top Sinatra 's Wee Small Hours version . Monro swings `` One Morning in May '' really hard , and does a lazy version of `` Memphis in June '' in which you can almost smell the sweet oleander blowing perfume the air . The arrangements by Johnnie Spence are top notch.The CD also contains `` I Have Dreamed '' from 1965 or so . While not quite up to the standards of the Hoagy Carmichael album , it too is very good and contains beautiful ballads like `` Without the the One I Love '' and `` Once in Every Long and Lonely While '' which you 've probably never heard - unless you 're a Matt Monro fan . The CD also contains the great James Bond theme `` From Russia With Love . `` Some of his Monro 's later albums can get a little sleepy , but this CD of two of his early albums is a must have for anyone who is a fan of classic pop music . It 's worth tracking down for a used copy . You wo n't regret it if you do .
 Matt Monro had a great voice . It 's a shame that he never reached greater status in the United States for having such a gift . There are 36 songs on this album and they are all good . His `` From Russia With Love '' vocal from the James Bond film is a classic .
 There is so very much to say about this album . To it not only has catchy lyrics that get stuck in your head ALL day and force you to keep coming back for more but , it also have heart pumping , foot tapping beats that make you get up and dance . No one can resist form some from of toe tapping or dancing while listening to this album . Not only can you listen to it when you 're happy to get you pumped and ready for anything that comes your way . . but you can also listen to it just to cheer yourself up and own whatever noobs come your way . I know that this is n't just another dance album but a way of life for those who become addicted with the first few songs . All in all it 's a dance in your undies and sing in the shower ordeal .
 I love Didley Squat . This music is quite interesting to listen to . It has good keyboarding and guitar in it . When I listened to it I felt happy and content , like sitting in a really rockin ' koi pond .
 Sergey Vasilenko -LRB- 1872-1956 -RRB- was a well-respected teacher at the Moscow Conservatoire for a generation , particularly recognized for his orchestration classes . He composed in all genres - quite a substantial body of works too - but his compositions seem generally to have sunk without a trace . The disc at hands shows , I suppose , both the strength and limitations of Vasilenko the composer , however . Musically , Vasilenko was fascinated by the music of Asian countries , but none of the music here suggests anything much deeper than a picture-postcard knowledge . The scoring is splendid , and in the manner of Rimsky-Korsakov and Glazunov ; glittering , warm and evocative textures with many intriguing and imaginative choices of instruments.The themes are less distinguished and few of the melodies rise above the superficially attractive - Rimsky at his less inspired , perhaps -LRB- and for some reason I was reminded of Ketelbey at several occasions -RRB- . Yet Vasilenko 's skill in setting them does to a certain extent save the day , making both works here rather enjoyable if not particularly profound encounters overall . Think of it as superior light music and wallow in the evocative half-lit and exotic textures , and this will provide a rather enjoyable listening experience . The Moscow Symphony Orchestra under Henry Shek acquits themselves well , and the sound quality is certainly not among Marco Polo 's less distinguished efforts . All in all , a rather attractive release if you do n't expect too much of the music .
 Chino Nino is from Akron , Ohio , and they are some of the best rappers in the city . All the tracks have dope beats , and they flow with a killer rhyme . I have seen him rolling around in the AK on an expidition on some bomb wheels . they are really livin it up , and are so real , cause they let u know what it is like here in the AK Rowdy . I highly reccomend that u buy this cd , it is a great display of all the good rappers here in akron like
 Not to disrepect any of the other hard working artists in Akron , but this album , at its release , was the critical turning point in the Akron Music scene . 15 tracks , no skits , front to back the hottest album of its time . Even still to this day you can pop it in and feel the vibe of the midwest with the various music mixtures that make up the rhythm of music in our little city . I have had the pleasure of working with some of the top artists in the city including the Big Wheelies , Felony One , the Businez Click , VEC and many others . Being one of the only concert promoters in the city , I have seen the response from the people when this album was played . Whether you bumpin ' in your ride , sitting back kickin it playing spades or dominoes , or just doing the damn thang you do ... this album is a must have to the collection and no one in Akron , OH can debate me on that . And thats the truth from De'One . I 'm ordering it again because I lost it and ca n't find it anywhere , so get it cop it , learn game from one of the best albums to hit the scene in a long time . Much love to J. Wade -LRB- producer -RRB- for blessing some hott tracks ! 1NE
 This is a really good album ! If you 're into rap you 'll love this ! There is also a song w / Juvenile and BG from Cash Money Records ... trust me , Chino is from my home town of Akron , and he delivers , definately !
 Hustla at WorkThis guy is way better than anything that is out there right now . A must buy !!!!! I heard this song on his myspace and knew it was a hit . if you only get one song get `` What Chu Need '' Great Beat and Great Lyrics
 This is a recent purchase , and so far I find it fascinating . I understand the composer was a student of Franck 's but that is n't readily obvious from the music . I sense all manner of influences , including , intriguingly , some that may have led to the contemporaneous style of Virgil Thompson . Yet , the music is very French , original , * and * it 's not easy to date . Tournemire seems to have been one of those earlier 20th Century composers who was n't influenced by modern trends but who also was n't trying to hang on to the past.I 'll get back to this review when I have more to say about it . Right now I just wanted to offset the undeserved poor review that I found here . This is music that requires repeated and thoughtful listenings . Not for those seeking superficial thrills .
 Andre Caplet was famous for his orchestration of Debussy 's music . What 's more he was trusted by Debussy to never make mistakes and to show impeccable judgement and taste . I have listened to many recordings of these transcriptions , with conductors like Jan Pascal Tortellier and Charles Dutoit , both highly and rightly acclaimed for their recordings , but this one is the best , the most satisfying , a wonderful example of successful transcription in which the atmosphere of Debussy 's very distinctive music is captured perfectly . Also three compositions of M.Caplet round out the recording and are very satisfying compliments to his colleagues work .
 Having heard most of the Bonzos ' catalog -LRB- or catalogue , if you 're in the UK -RRB- , off of assorted collections and the Cornology boxed set , I leaped at the chance to own the original CD 's -LRB- and this was the last one I purchased -RRB- , because of the bonus tracks . As always , Neil Innes provides sharp and witty banter recounting the history of how the Bonzo tracks came into existence , and the music never fails to delight , especially ` The Craig Torso Show ' where I would have nearly fell about laughing if I would n't have been in the car -LRB- ` Craig Torso smells wonderfuuuuuuul ' -RRB- . Minus one star for again mis-labelling Sidney Nicholls -LRB- aka Big Sid , the guy playing banjo in the numbered group shot -RRB- as Vernon Dudley Bohay Nowell .
 This is probably my dad 's and my favorite album that we own simply for it 's ridiculusness . Some background : The Bonzos were the `` house band '' for Monty Python 's predicessor , a silly British tv show called `` Do Not Adjust Your Set . '' Since they were that house band , you ca n't expect their music to be all that serious . If you listen closely to the lyrics , the songs are downright hilarious . I do not reccomend listening to this while doing homework , though . I just finished an essay that would 've nomally taken me about one hour to write , revise , and edit , but instead it took me about 1.5 hours because I was listening to Gorilla . It 's good for leisure time , but not for homework . In short , I love the Gorilla album .
 Two years ago saw the release of what was left of the proto-Python series Do Not Adjust Your Set , along with At Last the 1948 Show whose merits I 've triumphed earlier . With the recent reunion of the Bonzos with British comic stars like Steven Fry and Ade Edmondson standing in for the late Viv Stanshall -LRB- trading one Viv for another in the case of the latter -RRB- , following Neil Innes ' recent solo tour -LRB- a really nice guy to have played a character named Nasty `` all those years ago , '' he signed all my DVDs and put up with my jabberings quite patiently -RRB- , interest has been revived enough to see the original albums put out with bonus tracks . Considering this album came out at the time they were providing music for the above mentioned show , it should be no surprise that songs like `` Equestrian Statue '' and `` Look Out There 's a Monster Coming '' along with their version of `` The Sound of Music '' got airtime and appear here . If you liked them , if you like Python , and have a love of British dancehall music , you should pick this up . Even if you get no other Bonzo release -LRB- and your life is the worser for it -RRB- , buy this in Viv 's memory.Signed , The Urban Spaceman -LRB- er , epsteinsmutha -RRB-
 This was the first album by the semi-legendary Bonzo Dog -LRB- Doo-Dah -RRB- Band . It is sublimely ridiculous . It features a mixture of bizarre original songs and cover versions of silly old songs from the '20s and '30s . It 's quite enjoyable for fans of funny music , like myself . The cd adds several bonus tracks , which are also very funny .
 Quirky and cool with insightful lyrics . Do n't waste your money on the latest One Direction CD . Buy more DEVO or this for it is Dobbs approved .
 Many years ago I lost my Bonzo Dog vinyl LP from the 60s , so I jumped at the chance to download the mp3 version . Listening to it now it is amazing how ahead of it 's time it was and how influential . Both the Beatles and Monty Python , amongst others , got ideas from this - in fact the band is featured in the Beatles movie &#34; Magical Mystery Tour &#34; . .
 First time I heard this decades ago it was just what I was looking for and totally out of left field . Still makes me smile today and led to an eternal love of their music . With or without the Doo Dah , they 're supersonic guys .
 The Bonzo Dog Da Da -LRB- Doo Dah -RRB- Band 's first album with all the silly jazz tunes on 78s with funny titles they dug up at old record stores . They are truly unique in this as they are the only band to revive some of this music and present it to a new generation and make it hilarious besides . It 's a shame they are considered a cult-followed band . They reallly should have gotten more exposure .
 If you listen to this CD and you do n't laugh out loud , Then JACK , YOU ARE DEAD !!! Better yet , just buy the entire collection on the 3 CD set called ` CORNOLOGY ' .
 Some heavy weights on the casting line up of `` The Shipping News '' ... leading the pack is Kevin Spacey -LRB- Quoyle -RRB- , Judi Dench -LRB- Agnis Hamm -RRB- , Cate Blanchett -LRB- Petal Bear -RRB- , Julianne Moore -LRB- Wavey -RRB- , Pete Postlethwaite -LRB- Tert Card -RRB- and Scott Glenn -LRB- Jack Buggit -RRB- , who happens to be one of my favorite actors from `` Backdraft '' , `` Silverado '' and `` The Right Stuff '' ... filmed inNewfoundland and based on the E. Annie Proulx novel -LRB- Pulitzer Prize winner -RRB- and the gifted director Lasse Hallstrom -LRB- `` The Cider House '' and `` Chocolat '' -RRB- , both wonderful films ... even with this cast and director , the film falls short of what we 've come to expect from all concerned in the past.However , the music is first class ... as Christopher Young captures the landscape and the lives of the people on the island ... each cue sets the tone and mood for every scene ... Young has come of age , belongs to one of Hollywood 's busiest composers.A few stand outs come to mind ~ `` ALWYN SPIRES '' , almost a lullaby with solo guitar and counterpoints from the string section ... `` SAIL ON '' , lonely guitar strings open with Celticsounding flutes answering the string sections , beautiful colors of each theme transpire blending percussion creeps into the melodic symphony , giving you the satisfaction of life starting over.Much credit to Milan Entertainment , The Philharmonia Orchestra , Allan Wilson -LRB- conductor -RRB- and our composer Christopher Young ... the opening track `` SHIPPING NEWS '' , sets the stage for a compelling drama and the score adds another character to the cast ofplayers ... once again brilliant arrangements , orchestration and performance from this haunting cue ... stays with you for days , got ta love it!Total Time
 Even if you have n't seen the movie , you will love this music -- Celtic influences , rhythmic drumming , mood invoking -- consistently delivers.I had it on as background music when I had company and everyone noticed and was raving about it . They had n't heard of the movie but sure loved this CD .
 This is the best instrumental soundtrack since Braveheart . It 's a powerful fusion of folk and orchestral styles . I have to admit , I 'm not a music expert , but I love this CD .
 Unlike many soundtracks , every track on this CD stands alone as a great piece to listen to . If you saw the movie , each track evokes memories but if you did n't , you can enjoy this CD on its own merits . If you like traditional Celtic styled music , this is the CD for you - I played it for an Irish friend who had n't seen the movie and she fell in love with it and bought her own copy .
 Contrary to some reviews that I have read , having now seen it twice , I think The Shipping News is an excellent film . It tells a good tale , is extremely well acted , and is very atmospheric . One of the great things about the film is the music . It features the Uilean Pipes , Penny Whistle , Hurdy Gurdy , Fiddle , Harps , as well as Guitars , and creates a haunting backdrop to the film . You could almost imagine you were there in Newfoundland . I like this soundtrack CD - very much - what more can I say ?
 As awesome and haunting as the movie . A must if you loved the movie . A must if you love excellent , moving musical scores from films .
 While I enjoyed the movie `` The Shipping News '' for its stark beauty and engrossing personal portrayals , the soundtrack haunted me most . The beautiful celtic influence makes this music sink into your very heart . You will find it coming to mind over and over . Worth every penny .
 Christopher Young is an amazing composer and performer . If I had not seen the movie , I would never have heard his compositions . This album would be loved by anyone who is moved by Celtic music . Beautiful !
 Very soothing music -- have put this CD on and put it on repeat to have it play over and over again .
 I enjoyed the movie so much and loved the sound track , which I have really enjoyed and would recommend it to everyone who enjoys music with a Celtic sound .
 BEAUTIFUL music . Compelling , moody , haunting . Make a strong cup of Irish tea , sit back , and let it take you away .
 After seeing this great movie I had to have the soundtrack . Music is extraordinary , compelling , moody , captivating , dramatic . Very cool
 This is a great movie with an excellent cast and a beautiful score . I watch it over and over ! Some of the scenes are a little bit gruesome , but they are somewhat necessary for the story .
 I thought I was purchasing a sound track from the movie , not the book on tape . My mistake . I will listen to the book on my next trip .
 I suppose it is an indication of how completely Rubinstein 's most successful opera has fallen into desuetude in the West that despite this Marco Polo having been issued 15 years ago , no reviews have appeared on Amazon , either in the UK or in the US . I myself bought it years ago and have only now thought to listen to it again and I must say that I am both pleased and impressed . While not sounding especially original to ears used to the treatment of similar themes by Berlioz , Boito and even Gounod , it is often a powerful and striking work whose influence on Tchaikovsky 's operatic oeuvre is clear - and the music written for the baritone role of the Demon was attractive enough for famous bass Chaliapin to exploit the flexible upper regions of his voice and sing it as a regular part of his repertoire.It helps that this recording made from live performances at the Wexford Festival in 1994 features four Russian singers and a Russian conductor all with strong Moscow connections ; they understand the idiom and sound authentic . In fact there are fine voices throughout the cast with no weak links . My main gripe is that the recorded level is too low , perspectives fade in and out and everything often seems a bit distant - forgivable in a live performance , I suppose , but it has been done better . Some thumping apart , stage noises are not too distracting , and at this price you are unlikely to find a better introduction to this opera , which is still a staple in Russia but not here . The Demon 's repeated seduction motif is especially atmospheric and alluring and returns very effectively to provide him with some beautiful arias as he attempts to lure Tamara into his embrace . The Demon is sung by Anatoly Lochak , who has silky a baritone , a lovely legato and considerable reserves of power , Tamara by Marina Mescheriakova before she became an international star . Hers is a very large , slightly unweildy but huge and exciting spinto soprano with a terrific top . The tenor , Valery Serkin , of who I have not heard , has only one scene to impress before he expires , has a typically Russian sound
 The Bay Area was once the hotbed for thrash and speed metal , birthing classic bands like Testament , Exodus , Forbidden , and yes , even Metallica -LRB- it 's where Kirk and Cliff joined up -RRB- . Seems like it 's going through another metal renaissance of late , as one of the hotspots of the American black metal scene -LRB- USBM -RRB- . Prolific acts like Leviathan and Xasthur -LRB- and Weakling , sadly defunct now -RRB- have taken the works of genre forebears like Burzum , Darkthrone and Emperor and spiraled them down into new depths of dread and madness.It 's not all howled vocals and chilling soundscapes , though - take Ludicra , who smashes black metal together with stoner rock and hardcore punk for a progressive , post-BM sound . Great , buzzy melodic riffs produce a really satisfying , thrashy charge , suggesting a more furious version of Satyricon 's recent stripped-down take on black metal . But then songs slow down to work in more progressive , doomy riffs , enveloping you in a more thoughtful , transportive state . It 's all done tastefully and organically , making for surprising compositions that continually keep your interest . Vocals are a double-edged affair as well - a raspy , spitting screamer trading off with a more atmospheric , ethereal crooner . Both singers are also female , adding to the mystique.Unpredictable without being overly chaotic or impenetrable , Ludicra has definitely made their mark on the US underground scene with this one . 4.25 / 5 .
 The American Jazz Orchestra made only three recordings in its short life but this one , the first , has to be its best ! One tends to think of Benny Carter as a great altoist and arranger , which he is , but forgets that he was one of the classic songwriters of the '20s and ' 30 's . This cd contains some of that material plus some of his works from the '60s and '70s ... what a career !! This cd contains two versions of `` Doozy '' , a blues which had its debut in a 1961 album `` Further Definitions '' . Carter 's most famous ballad , `` When Lights Are Low '' was introduced in 1936 and I believe his most recorded song although the liner notes state that distinction as belonging to `` Blues In My Heart '' . `` A Kiss From You '' was a score for television 's `` Chrysler Theater '' in 1963 , the big band version having been introduced at a 1973 concert at Princeton . `` Central City Sketches '' is a recent -LRB- at the time of recording -RRB- extended work of 6 separate movements -LRB- 22 + minutes of total length -RRB- . Highlights are
 There are 107 -- at last check -- Benny Carter offerings on Amazon.com . That is a good thing . He is not the most cherished jazz master in my private pantheon , but there is a place . Longevity is a beautiful thing when you are not forgotten , sliding back into the primordial ooze . The man worked -- and wonderfully -- into his nineties . Not the 1990s , his NINETIES . I 've always considered Benny Carter someone who distilled the very best in jazz music . He had impeccable taste , which often is a euphemism for kind of boring . Not so here . Central City Sketches , performed with Gary Giddins ' American Jazz Orchestra was the work of one of the pioneers of reportory jazz , which has found full flower in the Lincoln Center project of Wynton Marsalis . This group had one soaring , breathtaking moment -- this CD and the performances it was born out of . It is every reason why Carter should be paid attention . I just read he was gone and I finally got around to writing something about him . It 's better to honor the dead when they are alive , do n't you think ? It 's a shame we do n't always get around to it . We can say we did n't bother to make the time , but sometimes the time is not as abundant as we would wish . At 95 , goodbye Benny Carter . May your music continue to be pressed .
 Benny Carter arranges , conducts , plays alto sax and trumpet . The `` orchestra '' is a jazz band with some of the period 's finest musicians . Recorded at a time when `` Pop-orchestra '' performances of jazz were popular . For this group , think of the Boston Pops without strings . The compositions and performances are all excellent , but somehow it has n't aged well . Total playing time is 71 minutes .
 Formed from the local scene in Prescott , Arizona LIFE IN PICTURES have been together for five hard years worth of local touring and relentless self-promotion . After a handful of EP 's and demos they set out to record their debut full-length under a new San Diego based label headed by the lead singer of AS I LAY DYING . It is no wonder this band has strived to make a name for themselves and it is readily apparent in their recent release that they work hard , play hard and have the ability to brutalize you with reckless abandonment . Their take on screamo/metalcore is much more elaborate and epic in structure without all the expected sounds we have come to hear within this genre . They can crush you with a downpour of guitar hooks and then invite you into their experimental lair that is gritty yet tolerable and appropriate . The howling , agonizing vocals do tend to irritate after a while but the backing music spices everything up enough to where you do n't have to focus on one sound . Inside of it all , you can hear vague traces of Swedish metal and even a power metal chord or two . The onslaught of double base work also added more punctuation to a sound that will make its presence felt from both an emotional and physical viewpoint . Quite honestly , this was a top tier album for this style of music .
 Review by Cory Rennison : Life In Pictures is the first band to be signed to Clockwork Records , which is run by Tim Lambesis , the vocalist of As I Lay Dying . This fact alone could set some pretty high expectations and make people think that Life In Pictures are the next As I Lay Dying . One listen to this band 's debut album By the Sign of the Spyglass , and you 'll hear that you got much more than you bargained for.From start to finish , By the Sign of the Spyglass shows an incredible amount of talent and creativity . Anyone expecting a normal run-of-the-mill metalcore record should turn away immediately . Every song this band pounds out is filled with their own twist of everything from Death By Stereo-styled hardcore , to the thrash and shred-fest that can be found in some of today 's biggest metal bands . The lyrics are filled with emotion and honesty , and the vocals remain spastic and harsh without the excess whining , which some bands might call singing.This record is brutally heavy and it would be a crime to see this band ignored . Tim Lambesis has signed a very impressive first band and future efforts from Life In Pictures should be just as interesting .
 I have always loved the music of Eric Coates . This CD offers a fine interpretation of his music . I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes the Old-English Song . I will broadcast this on Melbourne Radio - GW
 In this age of music being made available to listeners , Kathryn Grimm is a breath of fresh air . She 's talented in writing , instrumentally , vocally as well as mixing and producing a disc . She 's raw and gritty . She can rock with the best , or she can take the listener into the blues . It 's somewhat eclectic , but exciting from beginning to end . I 'd recommend anyone considering purchasing this disc do so whithout hesitation .
 Features one of the top singles from the band , There 's Your Trouble and a wonderful cover of the Tammy Wynette classic , Stand By Your Man with amazing Patsy Cline like vocal stylings from Natalie Maines . An unnecessary extended remix of There 's Your Trouble follows . All fans of the group will find this CD single worth the price of admission just for Stand By Your Man alone .
 Originally released in 1983 , this is a 90-minute video of a show that was recorded live at the Pacific Amphitheatre in Los Angeles . The full track listing is Macarthur Park , Love Is In Control , Unconditional Love -LRB- with Musical Youth -RRB- , Romeo , Do n't Cry For Me Argentina , On The Radio , Woman , One Night Only , Stop In The Name Of Love , a medley of -LRB- a -RRB- Dim All The Lights -LRB- b -RRB- Sunset People -LRB- c -RRB- Bad Girls -LRB- d -RRB- Hot Stuff , followed by Last Dance , She Works Hard For The Money , State Of Independence . This is very much the post-disco Donna , the pop singer and chanteuse , as attested by the absence of her earlier disco hits like I Feel Love . Donna maintains the interest throughout and it must have been a memorable concert .
 Those that have criticized this concert recording on this page obviously do n't really know Donna 's performing history.She is without doubt one of the greatest voices of all time . If you do n't think so , listen carefully to the first several bars of an original recording of `` Dim All the Lights '' and tell me who else comes close ! For that matter , her entire `` Bad Girls '' 2 disc album was the absolute zenith of the Disco Era , and won unprecedented accolades from even those music critics who had always dripped nothing but disdain for everything disco.That said , however , her live on-stage performance presence always did leave something to be desired -LRB- can you say rather wooden -RRB- UNTIL her `` Live and More Encore '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- era.In addition to finally leaving other personal issues behind , her work performing on the theatrical stage just before that 1999 `` comeback '' combined to truly make an amazingly astonishing difference and improved her concert stage work to true brilliance.Regardless , her voice has ALWAYS been beyond phenomenal.I was actually in the audience at the taping of this Hot Summer Night concert at the Pacific Amphitheatre back in 1983 ... if you watch it , look for the extremely tall guy -LRB- I 'm 6 ' 6 '' -RRB- in the audience wearing a very bright red jacket ... you ca n't miss me ... lol
 This concert recording is well worth the effort to find , as it contains some very rare live versons of Summer 's 80 's work.During her 1983 tour she bascilly had 2 new albums out -LRB- She Works Hard For The Money , and Donna Summer -RRB- , and another album recorded but not yet released -LRB- I 'm A Rainbow -RRB- . See my reviews of all of these recordings.Here is the breakdown of songs included on the set list from these albums ; Donna Summer ; Love Is In Control , State of Independance.She Works Hard . . ; She Works Hard ... , Women , Unconditional Love.I 'm A Rainbow ; Romeo , Do n't Cry For Me Argentina.Cats Without Claws -LRB- from 1984 -RRB- ; Forgive Me.Romeo was also released that year on the soundtrack to Flashdance , and was added to the set list by requests from fans early in the tour . Do n't Cry For Me Argentina , was also part of her 1981 greatest hits Tour , and became a show highlight , and to me the read here is the best . A short verson of her mega-hit opens the show -LRB- MacArthur Park -RRB- , and On The Radio and a stellar Last Dance are also featured . A 4 song medly represents the landmark Bad Girls album , and contains Dim All The Lights , Sunset People , Bad Girls and Hot Stuff.Since the late 1980 's , Donna has returned to doing her Greatest Hits as the basis for her live shows , and her concerts to this day have become a giant celebration , with the venues becoming huge dance halls . This concert gives us a rare view of what Donna had hoped to achieve in a decade domintaed by Madonna , and Prince .
 The first exposure I had to this concert was on the ` Endless Summer
 There was never a doubt that Donna Summers could sing . However , we get her putting on a wonderful show this Hot Summers Night .
 In regard to this concert , it was hands down one of her BEST performances ever . Her voice is pitch perfect as if she just came out of the studio . Everything about this concert was perfect especially being introduced to Tina Arena ... what a set of lungs !!!! not to mention just how they harmonize pitch perfect . The whole concert is just a must have , recorded in California.Ive been waiting for the remaster onto Blu-ray , this is just the best , you cant help but feel good and be overwhelmed by the musicians and singers . I keep buying copies of this VHS looking for one that is in pristine shape until they get their collective -LRB- you know what together -RRB- and produce a perfect transfer into Hi-Def sound and video . Cant wait ... its way over due fellas ... get to it !! In regard to the tape sent me buy the seller , I havent had an opportunity to watch it yet , but the seller has earned respect with their ratings so I took a chance on the strength of the sellers reviews . Thanks for a clean product , in very good cosmetic shape so hopefully that will come through when playing it . Thanks ... J.Casper
 It would be awesome if they would release this on DVD ! True Donna Summer fans would purchase this if it were ! I definately would !!!
 A Hot Summer Night ... with Donna -LSB- VHS -RSB- by Donna Summer , Nathan AlfordAFTER LONG LONG TIME , I FINALLY GOT IT , IN A SMOOTH TRANSACTION
 Donna Summer has never really been able to define herself in the video era . In the pre-video 70s , she was easily the top pop female artist with powerful vocals and a full repertoire of disco-pop styling . But in the video era , where fashion and dancing are more important than vocals -LRB- Madonna anyone ? -RRB- Summer clumsily moved from rag-tag Wanderer -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , to funk queen -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , to weary waitress -LRB- 1983 -RRB- . Her vocal versatility was difficult to carry over to the video world where image is everything . This disparity is apparent in her live concerts as well . In the 1983 concert tape , `` A Hot Summer Night '' , shot at an SRO concert in Costa Mesa , CA , Summer tries a bit of Vegas showgirl with sequine-covered gowns , rock diva , and Evita -LRB- ! -RRB- . Sometimes Summer tries a Bette Midler camp , telling naughty anecdotes in breathy Mae West tones , and sometimes she 's Cher , eager with that audience participation . While the concert tape is never dull , it 's a shame that Summer did n't stop playing the chameleon and recognized that she could have a very strong image of her own . END
 The music on this CD drew me after hearing it on my local radio station . I chose this recording because of the musicians . It is excellent , and I would recommend it highly . I am not a musician ; all I know is what I like , and this is on my favorites list .
 Every track is pure , raw , old school hardcore power ! A must for any hardcore lover who misses the days before emo screamo garbage !
 This is a live recording and an extremely good one . Yes it does not have the studio type sound , more like jazz at the pawn shop.In many ways I like it better than the pawn shop recording . Do n't get me wrong it is a very good recording . I tend to hum some of the songs during the day and play them in my mind . What else can one say except that if you like jazz you should have this one .
 The album , `` Human Song '' , by First Call , has always been one of my favs . It is not only spiritually uplifting , but also has great music and lyrics as well.I had a friend , who had a special need , and wanted some good material by a contemporary Christian group . I had this CD in my collection , and sent it on to her , to keep.In a little while of time , I went to look for it , to play ... And I found that I really missed it , and of course , would never ask forit back ... I then found that it was `` Out of circulation '' ... However , AMAZON ... found it for me , and I could not be happier . !!! I 'm so sure , that if you buy this album , you will be happy with itas well !! It really is filled with a couple of neat genres , that will not disappoint , nor get tiring ... They will only be uplifting . . Enjoy !
 1 . Human Song2 . Do n't You Worry ` Bout A Thing3 . I 'll Always Come Back To You4 . Here In Your Heart5 . Ring Them Bells6 . Masquerade7 . I Found Love8 . Land Of Many Tears9 . Dancin ' In The Attic10 . Broken Places
 I first heard this album while wandering the streets of Damascus , and knew that I had to buy it immediately . This is an incredible virtuouso piece of work that can cheer me up instantly . I pop it in the stereo with the volume as loud as my roomates will tolerate , and the toe-tapping beat is always sure to set things right . I hear echoes of French , Spanish , Arab , Persian , Jazz , and Celtic in this album - a great combination ! I must buy more of his recordings .
 Based on a very positive review in The Double Bassist , I purchased Navigatore by Renaud Garcia-Fons . I could n't find it in any music store , and Amazon.com only offered it through a third party company . Garcia-Fons plays a five string -LRB- high C -RRB- double bass , both arco and pizz . He recorded the album after touring the world , and came up with a great mix of cultures and sounds . His arco playing on the high C makes you feel like you 're listening to the violin . In The Double Bassist , he 's quoted as saying he thinks of the music he wants to play first , and the instrument 's history and limitations comes second . I ask myself , what history ? What limitations ? He sound is fresh , bold , and unique . He goes from classical to jazz to Mediterranean with ease and grace . The album is labeled as `` Oriental Jazz '' , which probably a pretty good desciption , but still does n't do justice . This is not his first album , and it wo n't be my only purchase of his music . This is a must buy .
 I have been a fan of Mouth and MacNeal since they first hit the international music scene . This is in fact the second ` Singles ' cd available by this Dutch duo , the previous one being a single disc collection.With so many great memories being brought back each time I play them , it 's a real shame that thier individual albums are no longer available as many treasures from them are not here on this collection . I guess until they are released -LRB- if ever -RRB- I will have to listen to the scratchy old LPs I have of them.I found it odd that the Dutch version of ' I See A Star ' is the only one included when the English version was such a big hit in countries like Australia and New Zealand -LRB- do n't under estimate these markets - both countries have large Dutch populations and they love to support thier artists -RRB- , in fact , it reached number one in New Zealand.So if you like Neder Pop or are just a fan of early seventies music , this collection is a must have . Enjoy - I know I will .
 Hi , After finding Mouth and MacNeal 's music on a Dutch website that I could n't make my way thru in order to order , I have FINALLY found it at Amazon !! THANK YOU . I received it days ago and have played nothing else since !! Not only are their hits on the double cd , but their individual efforts are on it and Mouth 's later coupling with a new partner ! The two USA hits are AWESOME to hear again but the best part is the SURPRISING multitude of other `` new '' favorites -- Minnie Minnie , You da Lay Dee , I See a Star , Hello-a and MOST Of the rest of the cd ! I 'm in 70s heaven !!!!
 It is interesting listening to this album . Even though many of the songs date back 35 years and all of them are over 20 years old this album is like ABBA - it has n't dated with time . Sure some of the songs have that 1970 's feel , but many of them do n't . The opening song has uses Thamas Arne 's Rule Brittania tune . But the `` How do you do '' song is the classic , a song that even today sounds fresh.Sadly Mouth is now dead , -LRB- December 2004 of a heart attack . -RRB- and maybe that adds something to this album too.But the real star of this Album is Maggie MacNeal . Her music is as fresh and beautiful and up to date now as when it was first released 30 years ago . `` When your lady says Goodbye '' is a real classic of pigant musical beauty . One of the greatest tragedies of this album is that Maggie MacNeal has been all but forgotten today . Neither she nor her music deserve to be forgotten ...
 I find the music on this album refreshing and a good blast from the past , when music was music and it is a shame that the so called artists today dont have the style or the type of artistic qaulities that are present and reflected in the music in this album . when music really told a story I say bravo bring it back .
 If you go into the Way-Back Machine you will find yourself lying in the sun on a NASA inspired tanning blanket during of an early 70 's summer and my sister will be next to you , in all her gorgeous teen-age innocence listening to `` How Do you Do '' on a transistor radio . I know because I was there getting a terrible sunburn while washing the dog . Many singers have gone for stark contrast as a way to make their music more interesting , think `` Ebony & Ivory '' by Paul McCartney & Michael Jackson , `` You Do n't Bring Me Flowers '' by Barbra Streisand & Neil Diamond and `` Yeah '' by Usher & Lil John . Well , Mouth and MacNeal did it first so fill that gap in your music knowledge by purchasing this album and then ride your 5-speed banana seat bike over to my 70 's bubble and we 'll share a bottle of Faygo .
 To be honest , the reason to why I bought this album in the first place was because I saw they had made a cover of David Lynch 's In Heaven . -LRB- I had heard some of their other songs too , but they were n't on this cd , and they were pretty good . -RRB- So curious as I was I decided to purchase the album to see what they had done with it . And I must say I was really impressed . It 's still not as good as the original version , I do n't think any of the covers can be , but it was according to me far better than Pixies version even though that 's not bad either . And the fact that it 's a live-version only makes it better.So what about the rest of the album then ? Well , it 's kind of marvelous too even though there are some songs that had to grow on me . I think that their song The Stranger must be one of the best songs I have ever heard -LRB- although it shares its place with a number of others -RRB- . I also appreciate their use of the french language in some of the songs.Some people , for example a number of my familymembers , might think their music is just awful noise , but I guess that 's just a matter of taste in music . I can say this much , if you enjoy Einst ` rzende Neubaten -LRB- which is also a very good band -RRB- you will have no problems at all enjoying this `` noise '' . And if you wonder why I wrote cover -LRB- s -RRB- in my title , they do an amzingly good cover of I heard it through the grapevine .
 Sender was very speedy when sending this here lovely product which I just ca n't say enough about.God bless that guy !
 First off , the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that there are two songs on the album which stand head and shoulders above the rest . Henceforth , the review . In love with music from birth and having been raised on a steady diet of Elton John and Barry Manilow are things which tend to make one a bit of a music snob , melodically speaking . -LRB- How I 'm not gay surprises even me ! -RRB- So it was a natural progression to become a club dj all through the eighties and nineties . Playing the same type of songs over and over however , you tire quickly of the sound du jour , and turn off the beaten path when the headphones are on at home . I have a select collection of music that I have made `` my own '' over the years and Doug Wain 's `` Turn Me On '' and `` Stay In Love '' are two of my favorite aural treats . Both are on the `` Underground '' album and I aquired the 12 '' singles of both from my record pool ... . they are greatly treasured . It 's so rare to find an original `` sound '' that does n't instantly remind you of someone elses , AND is really , REALLY good ! Doug Wain has carved a place onto this DJ 's personal favorite list of music . Every part of these two songs are rock solid , from the vocals and rockin ' percussion , to the catchiest basslines ... not to mention the ABSOLUTELY amazing things done with that guitar ! Thank you Doug Wain ! Listening to you right now ... Robbie Genovese
 Purists , avaunt ! Godowsky 's transcribed violin sonatas are remarkably free and imaginative with Bach 's originals -- they add chunks of new material , revise tempos , etc etc. . They go much further than even a work like the Busoni transcription of the d minor Chaconne . These works will be of much interest to anyone who likes late romantic piano music , or anyone who likes to hear what the violin sonatas might sound like in a whole new medium . If you would prefer something a bit more restrained you could sample volume IV of the Fioretino edition -- he has his own version of the g minor , which is closer to the original . Buy them both . Scherbakov has the technique to play these works . He breasts their formidable challenges with ease , although he 's perhaps not quite convincing enough to make you think that you never want to hear these works in any other form . My favourite work on the disk is the a minor sonata . The `` Aria '' third movement is gorgeous -- it 's one instance where the originals take a distant second place . The anaologous movement in the g minor work is also lovely , as is the sarabande from the b minor largo . As between Scherbakov and Grante on M & A , I do n't see very much to choose between the two . Best listen to them first .
 These are good performances , but I prefer those of Carlo Grante on Music & Arts . Recording sound also leaves something to be desired .
 LUCIANO BERIO -LRB- 1925 - 2003 -RRB- The Complete Sequenzas , Alternate Sequenzas and Works for Solo InstrumentsDISC 1 : Sequenza I for flute -LRB- 1958 -RRB- 7:56 Paula Robison , recorded 1996Sequenza II for harp -LRB- 1963 -RRB- 10:14 Susan Jolles , recorded 1995Sequenza III for woman 's voice -LRB- 1965 -RRB- 8:46 Isabelle Ganz , recorded 1996Sequenza IV for piano -LRB- 1966 -RRB- 12:05 Aki Takahashi , recorded 1999Sequenza V for trombone -LRB- 1965 -RRB- 5:02 Stuart Dempster , recorded 1995Sequenza VI for viola -LRB- 1967 -RRB- 13:16 Garth Knox , recorded 1995Sequenza VII for oboe -LRB- 1969/2000 -RRB- 7:36 Jacqueline Leclair , Voices for Drone
 This is an incredible collection of pieces from an important modern composer ... played by an incredible collection of performers . Some of them are famous , others deserve to be . The variety of sounds , the skillful use of different instruments and voices , and the outstanding performances make this a great CD set . The range of instruments is fascinating , from voice -LRB- doing vocal gymnastics we ca n't imagine -RRB- to Paula Robison 's flute , to Gary Verkade on the organ . Anyone with an interest in new music should listen to this !
 As the owner of The Killers Online fansite , I collect Killers media , and thinking that this import single would have the US version of the `` Mr Brightside '' video -LRB- the one where they 're the house band in a brothel -RRB- , I was sadly mistaken . It 's the b & w ; UK version of the Mr Brightside 2 import single that I purchased several months before through Amazon.However , music wise , the Josh Harris remix is the ** hottest ** remix of `` Somebody Told Me '' I 've heard -LRB- and I 've heard a lot -RRB- . I bought `` Who Let You Go '' -LRB- one of their demo tracks -RRB- on iTunes , and Mr Brightside is the Hot Fuss version.If you 're a Killers collector , get these songs elsewhere . If you 're a casual fan , this is a good starting point to get hooked onto the band .
 I came upon this single when I least expected it and I think it 's great that the UK video is included instead of the US version and the JOSH HARRIS remix of SOMEBODY TOLD ME is GREAT ! Who Let You Go is a good B-Side and this is a LIMITED SINGLE !! so hurry up and buy it before you have to pay 40 dollars for it !
 If you appreciate true musical talent , love beautiful and inspiring music , Kristi Kruse 's music is a must . Kristi has a talent waiting and needed to be recognized and enjoyed by the world .
 In this busy , crazy , and sometimes angry world of ours , it is a gift to relax and listen to Kristi 's arrangements of both original and classic music . I found the album a tool for helping me to relax at the end of a hard day , or to listen too simply for the soothing harmonies and flowing tonal art . Add this CD to your collection of `` Music for your Soul and Spirit . ''
 I remember living in Inkster , MI on Parkwood Avenue and my friend Rod would be bumpin ' this 1982 release every day . `` My Favorite Person '' had all the classic flavor of the O'Jays . Itwas probably their last classic Philly sound release as the problems Philadelphia International would have with CBS Records wouls eventually set in and a move to EMI would be forthcoming . `` Your Body 's Here With Me '' is the signature cut on this reissued double album but `` My Favorite Person '' , `` I Just Want To Satisfy '' , and `` One On One '' were classic cuts as well . `` When Will I See You Again '' dropped great songs with their own version of the classic Three Degrees hit . Check out `` I Ca n't Stand The Pain '' . These two albums are probably the hardest to find of all of the O'Jays albums besides the ones released on the TSOP -LRB- The Sound Of Philadelphia -RRB- label . PICK THIS ONE UP BECAUSE ITS NOW ON 1 CD !
 The two LPs reissued on this CD were originally issued in 1982 and 1983 . While neither was among The O'Jays ' biggest sellers they both contain some great tracks . Gamble & Huff , Dexter Wansel , Jack Faith , Cecil Womack and other key players of the Philadelphia R&B scene continued to give The O'Jays superior material that was just as good musically even if commercial success was not in the cards . `` Your Body 's Here With Me '' , `` Put Our Heads Together '' , `` I Ca n't Stand The Pain '' , `` One On One '' and `` I Like To See Us Get Down '' are this CD 's highlights .
 Of this amazing brazilian punk/metal band . Their first record in 3 years ; highly energetic as usual but less metallic-influenced than their last 2
 This is a great CD from the crossover legends RDP -LRB- probably their best release to date -RRB- . To all people who are looking to purchase this CD , I must tell you that Caiman does not have this in stock . I ordered it from them one month ago and still have n't received it . When I contacted them , they said it was on backorder and then the very next day , they relisted it . So , if you really want this CD , I would n't order it from them because you will never get it . Just a warning so as not to waste your time ...
 Ratos de Poro is a legend in the underground of Brazilian punk music . They are in the scene for 30 years , and can still sound fresh and heavy . In the beginning the Ratos sound was pure punk hardcore , but they introduce a heavy metal feeling to that and became a mix of grind core with fast melodies . Homem inimigo do homem , Carniceria tropical e onisciente coletivo are really good albuns by Ratos , if you like heavy music this is a nice one .
 Santana live by request is an excellent dvd , its a must see , must have . Guitar solos and percussion are always awesome .
 Like allways santana is the best guitar man with its incredible sound from the time from Woodstock
 Santana is a pro , so this video rocks . It 's a small club , and so very comfortable of a video to watch . Highly recommended , A + + .
 One of the first albums I ever bought was Abraxas , way back around ' 71 . I loved Carlos 's fiery guitar playing and aggressive , percussive rythms , and bought all subsequent Santana releases until the early 80s . At that point I felt Santana became too `` pop '' oriented and I lost interest . I guess I ca n't blame Carlos for his more recent incorporation of world and hip hop in his music , if you want to sell records and survive as a musician , you have to give the people what they want , and virtuoso lead guitar does n't sell like it did 30 plus years ago.When I saw that the new `` Live by Request '' DVD included older songs like Soul Sacrifice and Evil Ways and my all time Santana favorite `` Europa '' I decided I had to check it out.To my surprise Carlos plays extremely well , and the old songs have lost very little over the years . One of the newer pieces -LRB- DA LE -RRB- Yaleo includes some nice jazz/rock fusion , sounding a little bit like music from the Lotus release way back when . Carlos is wearing a John Coltrane `` Love Supreme '' T shirt , which seems to set the tone for some fine playing and indicates that , despite surrounding himself with a lot of new `` pop '' stars , he has n't forgotten his roots and inspiration . When the hip hoppers jump on stage , I simply jump to the next track . All in all , a very enjoyable DVD for an old Santana fan like me . The camera work and sound are very good , but I rate the DVD 4 stars because the set is only about an hour long .
 It may be `` same old , same old '' as Supernatural but its a great video and no complaints about the audio . Wish it was longer , its still value for money . Its Santana !
 Watching Carlos Santana and his band on this DVD brings to me a special enjoyment . What an incredible harmony between him and his highly talented keyboardist Chester Thompson . This Thompson guy is absolutely genious , and the two together consist the heart and soul of the band . Just listen to the organ improvising theme of OYE COMO VA , EVIL WAYS and SOUL SACRIFICE , and you 'll understand what I mean . No underestimation of other band members . . All of them are great . I rated the band 5 stars , and Arista company which produced the DVD 3 stars making a mean of 4 stars for the item . I ca n't believe how to produce a music DVD on the end of 2005 without a 5.1 channel sound format.I think that great Santana deserves to be listened at his utmost , and the DVD should n't be produced with only stereo sound . This DVD is a must for any Santana fan , good for both price and music content .
 If you enjoy Carlos Santana , there are three DVD 's to get
 Look , to everyone thats posting a review blasting santana , or any other artist . Leave it alone . First off , you cant do any better , second , at least santana and other artist have the balls to experiment and explore different musical aspects and not stick to the so called formula which everyone is used to . Your not into these artists as musicians trying out different avenues of their talent , your into them as a sideshow wanting them to perform their same old songs over and over . Cuz when its all said and done , youll still be sitting there wishing it was you that was on the stage . youll still be thinking that you can do better when in all reality , you cant . So let the music be and stop trying to put down the ever evoling world of music , dig it . .
 Forget surround sound . Music sounds best with -LRB- 2 -RRB- channel anyways . Duh ! When are you fancy pants going to figure this one out ! The audio & video are as good as it gets . A nice 1 hour long 100 % concert at the studio with a very small crowd present -LRB- yeah live it is -RRB- . Wish I was invited.Most of the band is still with Carlos from the early 90 's - all top-shelf performers . Santana does n't let you down - ever . I just wish there was more footage of Myron Dove playing rhythm guitar/piccolo bass .
 Pretty music , but the stereo sound is not as spacious as I would desire . I found that tinkering with the equalizer settings , etc. seems to help some . Another version of this music by Victor Fedetov has gorgeous sound , but less of the ballet than on this cd . I have no idea if this is the complete version of this work .
 For those of you who are beginning to tap into the waters of Sarita Montiel 's talents this compilation is a great start for many reasons . First , all the recordings included are original from Miss Montiel 's prime years . Second , you get a good sampling of her greatest hits including her signature song `` La Violetera , '' probably the best rendering of that old evergreen . Third and last , the songs are a good cross selection of the many musical genres the artist cultivated in her long career . For example , the collection includes romantic boleros such as `` Besame Mucho , '' `` Quizas , Quizas , Quizas , '' and `` Perfidia '' ; passionate tangos such as `` El Dia Que Me Quieras '' and `` Tatuaje '' ; a generous amount of Spanish coplas -LRB- `` Los Piconeros '' , `` Ojos Verdes '' -RRB- greatly influenced by Flamenco ; a cute little tune titled `` Chiss , Chiss
 LITTLE DEUCE COUPE , The Beach Boys ' fourth Capitol album , was released just one month after SURFER GIRL . In mid-1963 , Capitol Records releasedShut Down , which included two Beach Boys tracks , the title song and `` 409 , '' but was otherwise a various-artists collection of hot-rod music -LRB- Robert Mitchum , The Cheers , The Super Stocks , etc. -RRB- It was just issued on CD by Toshiba-EMI in Japan . The Beach Boys felt Capitol was trying to rip them off , so they took four tracks from previous releases -LRB- `` Shut Down , '' `` 409 , '' `` Our Car Club , '' and `` Little Deuce Coupe '' -RRB- and recorded eight new hot-rod songs -LRB- although `` Be True To Your School '' only has a passing car reference -RRB- , and voila - a new best-selling album . Originally issued as a `` two-fer '' -LRB- Little Deuce Coupe / All Summer Long -RRB- in 1990 , 1997 -LRB- Canadian import -RRB- , and 2001 , and as an individual stereo CD in 1994 , the 2012 edition of the album has both the original mono and stereo mixes on the album . `` 409 '' appears in stereo for the first time , and there is also a new stereo mix of `` A Young Man Is Gone , '' although I 'm not sure why - the `` two-fer '' has the original stereo mix . If you want both mono and stereo , this new CD is the way to go , but keep the `` two-fer '' for the bonus tracks . Though it 's not The Beach Boys ' best , it is an enjoyable album nonetheless.NOTE
 If you really like this album like I do get it.The Mono and Stereo versions of Shut Down , Little Deuce Coupe , Be True To Your Scholl , Ballad Of Old Betsy , A Young Man Is Gone -RRB- The Beach Boys tribute to screen legend James Dean -RRB- etcIts great that Capitol is putting out this great Beach Boys series with the Mono and Stereo versions of each song.Long Overdue .
 I had the album years ago and lent it out to a friend and never got it back . I will be using it as background music for our car club end of year videos and also crusing in our vett . Greats songs - great band
 It 's nice having the Mono and Stereo songs on one album to compare . They both sound better than some of my &#34; OLD &#34; recordings of these songs . I love this stuff ! Thanks Bryan Wilson .
 Even though it has Mono and Stereo , I can put it on while I am using the computer and get lots of good old Beach Boys music to enjoy .
 This is the orginal first release of the album Beach Boys Little Deuce Coupe on the Pickwick lable with capital record # SPC-3562 . 10 Full length tracks . Packed with classic you will love to hear again and again . Bring back the beach party with these classic 's 1 -RRB- Little Duece Coupe2 -RRB- Dont Back Down3 -RRB- Little Honda4 -RRB- Drive-in5 -RRB- Cherry , Cherry Coupe -LSB- with rodger christian -RSB- 6 -RRB- 4097 -RRB- This car Of Mine8 -RRB- Car Crazy Cutie9 -RRB- Our Car Club10 -RRB- Custom MachineYou know them all and it 's time to get that Hi-Fi back out and dust off those now ` Vintage '' sock hop clothes and put the LP 's back to use . Teach the grand kids to do the swim and the jerk ... Have fun !
 The Bonzos were always leaders . Of all the albums , is this the best ? Probably . The band was at the height of its powers - and Viv and Neil were writing some beautiful songs.One day , I heard this record and thought it was the funniest album I had ever heard . A few months later , I heard it and thought it was one of the saddest.Make no mistake - Viv and the boys were excellent - enjoy them .
 Recorded by the band in 1969 , this was a frantic year for the Bonzos , and the album shows the lads going in several directions , but still with many strong numbers and the Bonzos trademark brand of whimsy -LRB- such as `` Mr. Slater 's Parrot '' , `` Sport '' , and the Rhinocentric `` We Were Wrong . '' -RRB- I was delighted to learn from the liner notes that the `` hexachloraphine '' referred to in `` Keynsham '' is the red stripe in a well-known brand of toothpaste . There are no coincidences , but sometimes the pattern * is * more obvious.The extra tracks on this CD , while not outtakes or radio performances of tunes originally on the record are of interest to Bonzophiles , various Viv from 1976 , Neil Innes original `` How Sweet To Be An Idiot '' -LRB- which I believe he played as part of the Pythons on `` Live At The Hollywood Bowl '' if memory serves , but maybe it was one of the `` Secret Policeman 's Ball '' thingys -RRB- and a couple of Roger Ruskin Spear 's solo efforts . Most of these tracks are completely unavailable elsewhere , so you 'll have to get them here.This CD is digitally remastered and a different mix from `` Cornology '' . Some backing vocals seem much more `` up front '' than they were before.That 's not a problem for me , but it might disturb some purists , so do not operate heavy machinery during your initial listening of this recording .
 While even some members of the Bonzos give this album low marks , I personally think Keynsham holds up very well . Without it we would n't have `` You Done My Brain In , '' `` Mr. Slater 's Parrot , '' the definitive `` Look At Me I 'm Wonderful , '' `` Quiet Talks and Summer Walks '' or `` Sport -LRB- the Odd Boy -RRB- , '' which would be a damn shame no matter how you slice it . While this did prove to be the end of the line -LRB- Let 's Make Up and Be Friendly notwithstanding -RRB- , there still seemed to be a lot of gas left in the tank .
 Being a Neil Innes freak only since 2007 , I have this album on CD and vinyl . It is probably my favorite Bonzo Dog Band album along with their last album . The Bonzos were branching out away from the trad jazz music and doing more rock songs . Sometimes they are described as psychedelic , but I do n't really think of them that way . I guess if you were on acid , they seemed that way . I was a bit too young for that in the late 60 's , and even if I were old enough , I doubt I would have been doing any acid !
 This is My Favorite Song Of 1999 . get This CD .
 Es uno de los mejores CD 's de los artistas de Operaci&oacute;n Trinunfo.Manu Tenorio tiene una voz natural , perfectamente bien educada , que le pone un toque personal a todos los temas que interpreta.No me canso de escucharlo . & iexcl ; Excelente CD !
 Manu es una de los mejores cantantes del Operacion Triunfo.Aunque la musica es un poco ` easy listening ' , este CD es su premera y Manu la hace muy bien y no se falta su voz . Me encanta este chico y creo que el va a hacer mucho mas .
 I suppose chances are you 've never heard of the Belgian composer Jef Maes -LRB- 1905-1986 -RRB- before . On the evidence of this disc , however , his music is certainly more than merely worthwhile , even if it is hardly particularly original . Maes called himself a ` modern romantic ' , and the music is indeed infused with the romantic lushness and spirit of , say , Korngold and Richard Strauss , but tempered by the elegance of Gallic neo-classicism . The second symphony is thus opulently but never opaquely scored , sometimes reminding one , melodically speaking , of high-quality romantic , Korngoldian 30s film music , perhaps especially in the generally lyric first movement , which also features some very effective , energetic music -LRB- certain touches of early Hindemith can be discerned as well -RRB- . The second movement draws on impressionistic influences as well , perhaps in a manner distantly related to Bax , and the finale is colorful and buoyant . It is not a masterpiece , but a surprisingly effective , rather endearing work , well worth your time.The viola concerto - Maes 's own instrument - is a good-natured work of airy textures , some fine , lyrical writing and some very effective , light and sparkling busy writing . The ebullient Ouverture Concertante is light and charming , and the Arabesque and Scherzo for flute and orchestra is , while technically challenging , pleasing and easy on the ear.I can not honestly say that any of the music is very memorable , but it is well-crafted and engaging , and I can not imagine that anyone coming to this disc without expecting too much will be disappointed . The performances are generally very good as well , perhaps lacking the last ounce of tonal richness , but lively and spirited nonetheless , and both soloists convince in their parts . Sound quality is very good without being spectacular . In short , a welcome and recommendable release .
 I really liked this set . First saw it on here and after listening to the samples bought it . It 's great . First 2 discs are spoken word about Frank Sinatra 's life . It 's well-told , and you learn a thing or two . Second 2 discs have a wide range of Sinatra stuff - from his performing BEFORE the Hoboken Four to Bono 's speech at an awards ceremony . It 's great ! An absolute MUST for a big fan of Frank -LRB- which I is ! -RRB- .
 I have been a fan of Brian 's for awhile now ... he is such the sweetest guy one could ever meet ... the whole band is ! This CD is -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- their best one to date ... I love `` Save Your Faith '' , `` Till Your Love Comes Back Around '' -LRB- Brian wrote this song and it was originally recorded by RTZ -LRB- Brad Delp of the band BOSTON was a member -RRB- , and also `` Great Big Sky '' which is actually getting airplay on the radio here in the Boston area ! Buy this CD ... buy all of Brian 's CD !!!
 I have all 4 cd 's - now waiting for the new cd , November 24 ... `` All of the Above '' thank you Brian Maes for some of the best music to come around in years .
 This is a fabulous CD with many great songs ! `` I 'm Gon na Stay '' and `` Until Your Love Comes Back Around '' are beautiful love songs that make me melt every time I hear them . `` Great Big Sky '' and `` Ride the Sun '' are sure to make you feel good every time you listen to them . Every song on this CD is a winner . Here is a band that is definitely going places . If you have n't heard them , you 're missing out on some great music !!
 I was introduced to this band by some friends . Not only are their covers better than some of the original recordings but Brian 's love songs are amazing . Give a listen this cd , specifically I 'm Gon na Stay and the title track , The Great Symphony .
 I have several of Sharon Shannon 's earlier albums and I love Irish traditional music . This one is very eclectic but gorgeous . Sinead O'Connor 's voice has not dimmed through the years , and the songs Seven Rejoices of Mary and Anachie Gordon are beautiful , but my favorite thing is the rap song at the end that is superimposed over the Irish tune that was played at the beginning - it 's so upbeat and joyful .
 The only reason I did n't give this CD the full 5 stars is because it has a weak track , whereas Diamond Mountain Sessions -LRB- the other Shannon CD I have -RRB- did n't , in my opinion . If you liked D M , then you 'll definitely like this . It 's not exactly more of the same , because it 's largely Irish , compared to D M 's more international feel , incorporating American folk influences , but you will be easily absorbed into the jaunty reels , and the heartfelt airs , courtesy of Pauline Scanlon and Sin&eacute;ad O'Connor . Hogs and Heifers is a delightfully dainty fiddle piece , which I 'm still trying to learn to play by ear . An Phailist&iacute;n is very enjoyable and has an overwhelming `` home made '' feel to it . This is n't because the recording standards are bad -LRB- ! -RRB- . I think it 's because the chorus , which the whole family joins in with , has a sense of unity . That may not make sense until you hear for yourself!The Seven Rejoices of Mary is a very interesting piece , which Sin&eacute;ad learned from some monks . At first , I found it quite boring and uninspiring , but like several of the other tracks on this CD , the more I listen to it , the more I appreciate it.The only track that I 'm not keen on is the title track , Libertango . The track lacks , I think , the essence of Shannon 's other music . It 's not as `` catchy '' and does n't really draw you into it . At first , I really was n't that keen on the last track , What you Make it , either - it 's basically a re-hash of the The Whitestrand Sling , with an overwhelming rap element . But as I 've continued to listen to it , it 's grown on me somewhat.This CD has some beautiful melodies , notably Anachie Gordon , which is very skillfully sung . Its more upbeat tracks are what we have come to expect of Shannon - uplifting , original and above all , they entice you to reach for the repeat button!I would absolutely recommend this to anyone , but particularly those who have another of Sharon 's CDs . It 's not quite as accessible at first as D M Sessions and you may well find it a slight let-down at first , but the CD will definitely grow on you . Put it this way - I now love it just as much as D M !
 The only reason I did n't give this CD the full 5 stars is because it has a weak track , whereas Diamond Mountain Sessions -LRB- the other Shannon CD I have -RRB- did n't , in my opinion . If you liked D M , then you 'll definitely like this . It 's not exactly more of the same , because it 's largely Irish , compared to D M 's more international feel , incorporating American folk influences , but you will be easily absorbed into the jaunty reels , and the heartfelt airs , courtesy of Pauline Scanlon and Sin&eacute;ad O'Connor . Hogs and Heifers is a delightfully dainty fiddle piece , which I 'm still trying to learn to play by ear . An Phailist&iacute;n is very enjoyable and has an overwhelming `` home made '' feel to it . This is n't because the recording standards are bad -LRB- ! -RRB- . I think it 's because the chorus , which the whole family joins in with , has a sense of unity . That may not make sense until you hear for yourself!The Seven Rejoices of Mary is a very interesting piece , which Sin&eacute;ad learned from some monks . At first , I found it quite boring and uninspiring , but like several of the other tracks on this CD , the more I listen to it , the more I appreciate it.The only track that I 'm not keen on is the title track , Libertango . The track lacks , I think , the essence of Shannon 's other music . It 's not as `` catchy '' and does n't really draw you into it . At first , I really was n't that keen on the last track , What you Make it , either - it 's basically a re-hash of the The Whitestrand Sling , with an overwhelming rap element . But as I 've continued to listen to it , it 's grown on me somewhat.This CD has some beautiful melodies , notably Anachie Gordon , which is very skillfully sung . Its more upbeat tracks are what we have come to expect of Shannon - uplifting , original and above all , they entice you to reach for the repeat button!I would absolutely recommend this to anyone , but particularly those who have another of Sharon 's CDs . It 's not quite as accessible at first as D M Sessions and you may well find it a slight let-down at first , but the CD will definitely grow on you . Put it this way - I now love it just as much as D M!The bottom line
 It should be pointed out that free jazz or the jazz avant garde whichever ones pefers to call it was a reaction against the jazz status quo and in the 70 's and 80 's the self parody of fusion and this lp is a good example of that doctrine . With that siad this lp released in 1982 is a somewhat somber affair featuring two of the most important figures to imerge in modern jazz . The music contained herein is relatively low key and quite excessible and it should appeal to most jazz listerners in general . It accurately employs Cherrys passion for exploring world music and Blackwells intense and ever impressive rhythmic accumen . The standout track is the opening piece which really is a composite of four compositions one of which is a take on Monks Bemsha Swing ; basically improvisation within standard song structure for the most part . As for the rest it is much of the same with equal time consumed by both Cherry and Blackwell . There is a hint of some self indulgence but nothing too detracting and given that Cherry and Blackwell are the only players this is to be expected . Highly recommended .
 This is a wonderful album . It is n't a free jazz record like their earlier ` Mu ' album , rather each track is a carefully constructed composition . For me this is the zenith of Don and Ed 's creative sympatico . Ed Blackwell creates so much time and plays in it with such profoundly relaxed swinging freedom . Don Cherry 's ` spiritual ' sound is here at its best and he seems to have got to the melodic essence of all he has tried to say from his earlist days with Ornette . This is not the work of two wild young men exploring free jazz like on the album ` Mu ' , but of two wiser older men who have searched and found their deepest musical voices . By the way , there is great stereo panning of Ed 's kit and you can hear the hi-hat beside the snare and the ride a little over there as if you are sitting behind it yourself . It is sessions like this that give one hope for the future of humankind .
 Two legends coming together on one of my favorite jazz albums of all time . No rules , just playing the tunes right from their souls .
 The hypnotic song ` Near-In ' on there is for Ed Blackwell 's daughter . Please check out the FREE NEARIN BLACKWELL page on Facebook .
 Stellar CD by virtuoso Scherbakov , and a bargain to boot.Must buy this disc .
 WOW ! This is great stuff . I 've been looking for something original . The vocals , keyboards & flute are top shelf . I 've ` listened ' to Listen over & over and hear something new each time . This is real timeless talent !
 I saw them life in Reykjavik in the early 80 's and I knew nothing about them then and the show was a great experience , this was different to say the least , the guys dressed in african costumes with painted faces -LRB- except Lester Bowie who looked like a doctor -RRB- and the stage full of interesting instruments , it was grand fun.Full Force is in my opinion the best album from the group -LRB- Urban Bushmen is also great -RRB- the playing is full of passion and the compositions are higly interesting , original and just pure fun.One of the things that I really like is , apart from the traditional Jazz instruments like drumset , bass , sax and trompet they play all kinds of handdrums , percussion , bells and whistles , it 's a kind of music that appeals to the emotion , intellect and the funny bone -LRB- another great guy who does that is of course Frank Zappa -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 This is one of the Art Ensemble 's most accessible albums , with some downright mainstream sounding pieces . However , they do not compromise their vision on this album , and the album is uniformly excellent . Any fan of Charles Mingus needs to hear `` Charlie M '' . Superb album , a highlight of recorded jazz history .
 This is the most interresting music I have ever listened.This music is instructive .
 Great songs , brings a lot of good memories , nice words , calm music , great voice . Contains French , English and Greek songs . I loved it .
 DEMIS ROUSSOS HAS A UNIQE VOICE , HE SINGS SONGS THAT HAS DEEP MEENINGS LIKE THE SONG `` GOOD BYE MY LOVE GOOD BYE '' . THIS TYPE OF MUSIC WILL APPEAL TO PEOPLE WHO LIKE REAL NICE SONGS AND NOT HEAVY METAL OR HEAVY ROCK GARBAGE .
 Mark DuFresne is an awesome talent who continues to be luaded as the best songwriter , vocalist , and blues-harp player anywhere near the Pacific Northwest . If you 're into feel good , FUN , harmonica-packed blues , this album does NOT disapoint . Take it from someone who has seen him live , BE the only person you know to buy this album , and once your friends hear it , you wo n't be the only person you know who owns this album for very long .
 Mark Dufresne is the best kept secret in blues today . I really enjoyed the title song out of that bed . Reminded me of growing up as a kid . His vocals and harp playing have no compare .
 Mark Dufresne has been wowwing audiences in the Kansas City area since the 1970 's . This , his first full CD , gives us a chance to hear what the lucky folks of KC have known for years , that Mark Dufresne is an awesome band leader.Dufresne is one heck of a powerful singer , not overpowering his excellent back-up band , but working with them to put together a fine package of music . He is also an exceptional harmonica player , sometimes reminding us of Stevie Wonder on the chromatic , sometimes sounding like the Blues masters of the Chicago Blues scene . Dufresne also is also one heck of a songwriter . I hope to hear a lot more of him in the future.This album is definitely worth the money and definitely recommend it .
 Mark is a phenomenally talented singer , songwriter , and blues harp player . Why the entire world does n't know about him is a mystery . His clever , witty lyrics , powerful voice , and musicianship stand out on every cut of this CD . I already owned it , but bought this one as a gift for my sister who lives across the country , heard him live once , and was a goner !
 I 've always been an Al Green fan , but this compilation included songs I had never heard , and the written bio made it even better .
 This is a classic CD set ... I will keep forever and pass on to my kids . Love it !!!!
 this is the direction R.Kelly is going with on his Musical Virus Project.this cut has a cool Jamaican Feel . R.Kelly is channeling elements of Bob Marley & Harry Belefonte on his vocal runs . real smooth joint . this track is so Cool & has a soulful vibe all the way through.I ai ' t feeling the Re-Mix though . but I like the direction He his taken with going in different directions.this is a Classic Kells Jam .
 Cristina -LRB- Monet -RRB- became something of a cult figure when she released two albums in the 1980 's and then apparently retired . They have both been very hard to find since then , so this re-release of both is long overdue . This CD of the first album -LRB- re-titled `` Doll in the Box '' for some reason -RRB- , may sound like just another late 1970 's disco album on the first listen , but it should soon become apparent that Cristina is playing with her listeners with her unique take on the genre . The production is spot on , lavishly created by August Darnell -LRB- of Kid Creole fame -RRB- for ZE Records , but it is Cristina 's ultra-dry vocal delivery that really packs the punch . Fans of Uk singer Sophie Ellis Bextor may find lots to enjoy here , as Cristina was the original pioneer of the deadpan , jaded recital that Sophie uses . One of the stand-out tracks has to be `` Do n't Be Greedy '' , in which Cristina berates her two-timing lover , over a sugar-sweet disco backing track -LRB- my favourite line '' I think it 's time that I put on the brake , I 'm not that liberal and you 're not that great ... '' -RRB- . She 's also adept at a faux Marilyn Monroe girly-cuteness , which you 'll hear in the camp opener `` Jungle Love '' -LRB- `` I 'm not afraid ! '' she coos as a lustful giant ape approaches ! -RRB- . The original album consisted of just 6 -LRB- long -RRB- tracks , but this new edition bolsters the running time with some great extras , in particular , Cristina 's notorious re-working of the Peggy Lee hit `` Is That All There Is ? '' , which was apparently banned by the original songwriters who took offence at her rather brutal re-interpretation of the song -LRB- Sample line `` I remember when I was a little girl , my mother set the house on fire ... She was like that ... '' -RRB- . You also get the Monroe-esque `` Drive My Car '' and the terrific `` Disco Clone '' in which Cristina portrays a whole army of disco-dancing floozies -LRB- `` Come on everybody , there 's enough to go around ! '' -RRB- . Cristina deserved more recognition than she achieved , so hopefully the bit of new publicity for these albums will encourage new listeners to try them out . I strongly urge anyone with a sense of humour to invest immediately .
 Cristina was the star-diva of the cult label Ze Records in the late 1970s and early 80s . Her legacy includes two brilliant albums and some unforgettable singles like the mournful Christmas song Things Fall Apart . Doll In The Box is an extended and enhanced version of her 1980 eponymous debut album . This theatrical and amusing work starts with Jungle Love , a funny faux-primitive number with darkly erotic undertones and tribal chants . It is followed by the tongue-in-chic Do n't Be Greedy , a mid tempo dance number with the most witty lyrics imaginable including put-downs like `` I 'm not that liberal/And you 're not that great . `` The uptempo pop ditty Mama Mia is followed by a brief interlude and then comes the beautiful La Poup ' e Qui Fait Non , a French chanson with a lovely tune and gorgeous vocals by her and by Gilles Riberolles . Temporarily Yours is a dreamy ballad in the rhythmic style of the chick-chanted numbers of Don Armando 's Second Avenue Rhumba Band or Kid Creole And The Coconuts , whilst Blame It On Disco is another side-splitting disco send-up , now even funnier with the benefit of hindsight . It also has the strong influence of August Darnell with some really cute instrumental breaks.When it was originally released as a single more than 20 years ago , Cristina 's version of the Peggy Lee hit Is That All There Is was recalled following the threat of a lawsuit by composers Leiber and Stoller . Finally I know why , as Cristina 's lyric variations are the epitome of dark humour and the mood one of utter ennui and cynicism , but hilarious all the way . The best part is about her boyfriend from Manhattan that she loved dearly even though he was prone to violence . This song also contains atmospheric party sounds , laughter and breaking glass , to authenticate the cinematic evocation of world-weariness . Disco Clone has Kevin Cline as the male narrator that conducts a dialogue with Cristina 's multi-tracked voice representing the pretty but vacuous disco dames . What a wonderful parody ! The Ballad Of Immoral Manufacture is an extended version of Disco Clone with a more dancefloor-friendly club rhythm . Cristina 's na 've bimbo voice here reminds me of that eerily sweet mother of one of the South Park urchins.There are single and extended versions of Drive My Car , a Lennon/McCarthy number that Ms Monet turns into an evocative mini-drama . At the height of the disco boom many prominent rock artists made disco records , like Rod Stewart -LRB- Do You Think I 'm Sexy ? -RRB- and the Rolling Stones -LRB- Miss You -RRB- . Frank Zappa satirised the phenomenon on Dancing Fool . But this album is more than just the subversion of a genre or a parody of an era or a hedonistic ethos , but an achievement of authentic musical genius.The fold-out CD case contains a booklet with lovely pics of Cristina including the front and back cover of the original vinyl album and the cover of the Drive My Car single , plus a brief history of her career by Kurt B. Reighly . I also highly recommend Cristina 's rock-oriented second album Sleep It Off on which she outfaithfulls Marianne Faithfull , and the Ze Records compilation Mutant Disco .
 I was first introduced to this artist , when almost 2 years ago I purchased a CD by Ladytron called , Soft Core Jukebox . I really did n't think much of the Cd overall , but there was one track in particular that grabbed my attention by and artist called Cristina and that track was `` what 's a girl to do '' . I never really thought of looking her up to find out more about her until one day last week I was at a record store and saw a really striking CD cover called `` Doll in the box '' by none other than Cristina . I thought to myself could this be the same artist ? Being the music lover that i am , I decided to buy it on a whim , espcially since it was in the electro section which happens to be one of my favorite genres of music.When I first played the songs I thought they were rather strange but interesting , before I knew it , the songs were growing on me more and more with each listen and now I think the songs are great and very catchy . especially `` do n't be greedy '' and `` jungle love . This music can be described as disco/punk with a touch of electro . It 's like no other sound i 've ever heard and I see it as being a head of it 's time.If you want try something new , give this a shot . wo n't be disspointed as long and you 're open minded !
 ITS AN INCREIBLE DISC I LOVE IT THEY HAVE A REALY A SPECIAL MIND TO CREATE A COMPLETE EMOTION MUSIC
 Manuel Rosenthal -LRB- 1904-2003 -RRB- is famous enough as a conductor and arranger -LRB- Gaite Parisienne after Offenbach -RRB- . It is thus almost curious that his own compositions should have languished in such extreme obscurity . The disc at hand gives us several collections of lighter miniatures , and I do not really know if it presents a representative survey of his music . Still , the music is rewarding enough to create a modest curiosity about other aspects of his compositional output.The Musique de table is a concerto for orchestra in eight movements . But it is a light-hearted , humorous , jaunty and elegant rather than profound work , and the various movements are very loosely connected making the whole thing come across more as a suite - or even a collection of miniatures - than a coherent whole -LRB- the thematic link being the various courses of a banquet -RRB- . That said , the music is certainly colorful , catchy and very attractive . It also presents huge technical challenges for the players to which the Orchestre Symphonique et Lyrique de Nancy rises with confidence and panache.Les petits menetiers is a set of character pieces depicting Parisian artisans and tradesmen . It is light , brilliantly -LRB- dazzlingly -RRB- scored and very entertaining . Rosenthal 's skill as an orchestrator also comes across in the orchestral songs , both in the light but delicate Roustan songs and the more harmonically advanced and serious Cassoua songs . The pieces liturgiques are more restrained and reflective but quite beautiful . Again , the performances are really compelling , even though Dubosc sounds a tad awkward at times - more due to recorded balance , I think , than the quality of the singing . The sound quality is overall very good , however . A very enjoyable disc , then , and recommended to anyone with a penchant for the lighter music of Les Six , say , or -LRB- maybe in particular -RRB- Ibert .
 After listening to tracks off this CD on KKSF in San Francisco 15 years ago , I decided to search high and low for one of the last albums on the Columbia label by the jazz piano legend . I finally found a used version in a second hand book store for 5 bucks ! It was worth the wait . `` My Love Leads You Home '' & `` Shamballa '' are the highlights on this 7 track CD , which I wish could have been longer . To this day , Ramsey Lewis continues to entertain and gives us a hard to find treasure!Buy it if you can find it !!
 A hard to find out of print CD -LRB- I bought the LP when it came out - circa 1987 -RRB- but it is well worth digging for it . Extremely listenable , smoothly produced and stylish syth-piano material . Mostly up-tempo but some slower numbers also.Some interesting overdubbed vocals on a couple of the cuts , including `` You 're Falling in Love '' -- very nicely mixed with the piano work.Great cuts , from top to bottom . My favourite of his funk/jazz albums . Some similarities to the earlier album `` Fantasy '' -LRB- 1985 -RRB- but if you only want one I 'd buy this one .
 Have this tape of great music . Ordered the CD as my new car only has a CD player . If you like Jazz , this CD is the best !
 During the mid 1980 's there was such an anti creative onslaught on musicians-especially those working in the R&B ; , jazz , funk and soul field . Since people such as Ramsey Lewis 's music was based in every one of those things he suffered strongly . Sadly enough some of the more electronic elements of the previous albumFantasyare not exactly tactful . Symptoms of the era aside that was ` nt a flat out awful album and it is always good to experiment . This recording came a couple years later , by which time the field Ramsey worked in had made yet another about face and in many ways for the better . Synthisizers and electro rhythms were still the order of the day but musicians were really learning to use them organically . Ramsey 's long standing association with Maurice White and his longtime co-hort Larry Dunn , both of Earth Wind & Fire allowed him to make the best of this use of this concept of organic electronics in the music because they were both on the same page at the time with EWF ` sTouch the Worldlooking at the exact same musical place . This album allowed Ramsey , Larry and the other musicians and songwriters to concentrate heavier on their writing and musicianship . On every song here Ramsey 's classic Chicago soul-jazz style playing with it 's huge , dramatic and well spaced sound on the keys is in some of it 's very finest form and he 's back to some of his most soulful and inventive playing not only sinceLes Fleursbut since the early 60 's days of the Ramsey Lewis Trio.All of the tunes here have a strong jazz-funk rhythm and groove to them but they also have different flavors as well . The title song , `` Strangers '' and the jazzier `` Shamballa '' and `` Love And Understanding '' all favor heavy late 80 's funk with lots of strong grooving and sturdy basslines from Tony Brown . `` Melody Of Life '' is a really terrific song with that gospel/funk/soul fanfare with EWF members Don Myrick and Roland Bautista , along with other members of the Phenix horns really doing their stuff . `` You 're Falling In Love '' and `` My Love Will Lead You Home '' feature light vocal touches from Luiza Justiz . Unlike the vocal drenched previous album her gospel infused singing on the accents is just what this type of music needed . `` 7-11 '' not only has more than a few passing rhythmic ideas used on EWF ` sSystem of Survivalbut Maurice himself shows up on percussion on the tune as well and it 's almost like half the 60 's Ramsey Lewis Trio is back redefined for the late 80 's style . Now during this time a musician , especially a jazz and/or funk one 's ability to play and adapt within the new musical concepts without royally embarassing themselves did depend it seemed a lot on the artists motivation for doing so . Was it an artistic choice or just wanting to make money ? Well Ramsey sold well anyway so his mission at this time seemed to be one of looking to reach the newer audience of that era without abandoning his art . And if that was indeed the case he succeeded royally in this particular case .
 I first heard Merche music on the radio . She is really talented . She not only writes her own music but sings it as well . One of the best new talent to come out of Spain in recent years . Mostly love songs and adolescent angst but masterly delivered .
 Merche -LRB- Mercedes Trujillo Callealta -RRB- is one of a number of fresh , young Spanish artists . As I understand it , she gave up a career in education to concentrate on music . As far as I am concerned it was a great decision . Her first album , on which she not only sings but also wrote most of the words and music , is a combination of great dance rhythms and a few excellent ballads . She has a strong , beautiful voice , and it is no wonder that her intitial foray into the music world has been a big hit in her native country . Personally , since I received this CD , I have listened to it again and again , and have not even begun to tire of it . Highly recommended !
 i do n't talk about it just hear it
 It was a Christmas gift for my son and he absolutely loved it ! It arrived just as promised and the train set that came along with it was a great bonus !
 It 's My 1 Year Anniversary I Got Those Along With The Final Season Of Fraggle Rock , It 's Short But It Is What It Is .
 La belle dormente nel bosco -LRB- The Sleeping Beauty -RRB- was designed for a puppet-theatre production . That might be one reason that it has dropped from sight , but then again so have Respighi 's other operas at least outside Italy . It is indeed a pity , for the music here is absolutely gorgeous - that is , most of the music is memorable , atmospheric in a fairy-tale manner , lushly scored and truly beautiful , all the way up to the end , where Respighi lapses into a parody of contemporaneous musical style -LRB- a truly ugly fox-trot ending , for instance -RRB- . It is silly and does to a certain extent undermine the overall impression of the opera . Yet the music is in general so good that it would be a pity to miss the rest of it.The performances are n't perfect , but in general they are more than acceptable - the soloists bring a certain Slavic flair to it -LRB- pronounciation , in particular -RRB- , but that does n't detract from the overall impression , at least not for this listener , and while none of them might be world-class singers , they do a pretty good job . The Slovak RSO -LRB- Bratislava -RRB- and the Slovak Philharmonic Chorus do good jobs as well , although the strings are a little thin at times . Adriano clearly believes in the work -LRB- as well he should -RRB- , and leads a thoughtful , sensitive and well-shaped performance . The sound quality is mostly good . So while I could imagine some improvements in the performance this is not a disc any lover of atmospheric late romantic opera should miss .
 Azucar Moreno is a Spanish band with 2 lead lady singers . I first came across this group in the flamenco movie `` El Amor Brugo '' - the original classic music is composed by De Falla , a Spanish composer . Via Amazon I was able to purchase 4 albums by Azucar Moreno . The Exitos Originales album has the true Flamenco pop music - it also features the song `` Azucar Moreno '' that appears in the movie I spoke of . The other tracks are similar in nature and could have been part of that movie . This makes the album vary Flamenco balanced .
 I like los Fantasmas del caribe . They had good music . Mas Y Mas was a great cd from theme . There music was like kumbia . I did not know they had some other cds after this one . I thought this was there last cd . I also have there first cd wehich was Caramelo . I think there first cd was 1992 or 1993 . There second is 1994 . they had great music and I want to get the other cds they had which I did not know about . I recommend both cds Caramelo and Mas Y Mas . I like every song on both of the cds . Even though I like there second cd 50x better . There second cd is better then there first but If you see both cds in the store or on the internent then buy theme both . because I know you still wo n't be dissapoited with ethier one .
 I really love Los fantasmas del Caribe they have great music and sound . I love all their material from Caramelo to Mas Y Mas . I completly recommend all their cds . They will have u dancing all night .
 Water Dance Music compilations like this are a perfect way to get a large number of full length , unbeatmixed dance tracks in one place without having to buy over a dozen CD singles , and is well worth the money . You get a perfect blend of more instrumental trance , commercial trance , and gorgeous vocal trance-many of which have never been commercially available without buying imports . Track times are : CD11 . Marrakech ... ATB -LRB- 9:16 -RRB- 2 . Hope and wait ... Orion Too -LRB- 5:23 -RRB- 3 . embrace me ... Fragma -LRB- 4:10 -RRB- 4 . elements of culture ... DJ Tatana -LRB- 4:05 -RRB- 5 . mind of the wonderful ... Blank & Jones -LRB- 6:35 -RRB- 6 . I do n't care ... Milk Inc -LRB- 5:57 -RRB- 7 . near me ... Matanka -LRB- 6:46 -RRB- 8 . closer now ... Filo & Peri -LRB- 6:29 -RRB- 9 . stand alone ... Dyce -LRB- 6:58 -RRB- 10 . outside ... Kyau vs. Albert -LRB- 8:44 -RRB- 11 . perfect wave ... Peter Martin -LRB- 9:12 -RRB- 12 . razorblade ... Danny C -LRB- 5:42 -RRB- CD21 . on the run ... Ashley Jade -LRB- 6:30 -RRB- 2 . connected ... Paul Van Dyke -LRB- 8:46 -RRB- 3 . sex is not the end ... Aquarius -LRB- 6:51 -RRB- 4 . Reaching out for you ... Miss Unique -LRB- 3:17 -RRB- 5 . only if I. . . Kate Ryan -LRB- 7:21 -RRB- 6 . someday ... Soda Club -LRB- 6:29 -RRB- 7 . pure devotion ... Freeloader -LRB- 7:00 -RRB- 8 . all in my mind ... Kevin -LRB- 7:35 -RRB- 9 . logical ... Jas Van houten -LRB- 7:17 -RRB- 10 . la musica ... Indietro -LRB- 6:42 -RRB- 11 . live 4 music ... DJ Shog -LRB- 9:27 -RRB-
 This is simple some of the most extraordinary music ever made . When I bought this record in the 80 ' 2 it simply blew me away completely . Tuxedomoon belonged to those very mysterious groups whose records had an incredible mystique . The sound was and is still completely alien . While not all the songs are great , they were very very innovative and still keep an allure of strangeness about them . While not entirely electronic music , it had the more interesting use of synthesizers at the time . Add to this a very arty approach which is surprisingly not too pretentious and you have something quite unique . Mainly the song What Use ? gives this record its 5 star status . The rest is not up to that level but is quite good nevertheless .
 Being sick of hear the same radio-friendly reggaeton I decided to try Tego after hearing some samples on iTunes . You can not put this album in the same sack , this one is a awesome mix of latin music , salsa , reggae , hip-hop and rap.Imaginative and well-thinked lyrics , nice flow and the risk to make different things make The Underdog/El subestimado a great album . The ony flaw is the lame collaboration with Yandel ... I only pass this thing because he also make a song with salsa 's `` pharao '' Oscar D'Leon , correcting his mistake . My final advice ? Give this album a try!Outstanding tracks
 El reggaet&oacute;n no es de mi generaci&oacute;n . Me enorgullece decir que mi clase de escuela superior se gradu&oacute; antes de que los pantalones ca&iacute;dos llegaran a mi escuela . Y el reggaeton no se bail&oacute; tanto en mi graduaci&oacute;n . Pero es una l&aacute;stima que Tego no halla sido Mainstream hasta hace 5-6 a & ntilde ; os atr&aacute;s.La fusi&oacute;n entre la Salsa y el Reggaeton expuesto en este disco es evidencia de que los reggaetoneros deben mirar m&aacute;s all&aacute; del sonsonete tuqui tuqui . Y no es salsa monga , es Salsa Gorda , & iexcl ; de los 70 ! , cuando Salsa era Salsa . ATENCION , REGGAETONEROS , ESCUCHEN A TEGO Y APRENDAN DE MUSICA . Como dice el
 A revelation , superb album , a mix of reggetton , hip hop , salsaReally well producedMakes you want to play it LOUD !! A huge artist
 `` Porque es que el centavo vale menos ? , Por que en los Barrios pobre se vende veneno ? , como llego aqui ? quienes lo trajeron ? no sabemos , nosotros lanchas no tenemos `` This line is taken directly from song # 13 in the album . This album has it all , I rank this album up there with the best Hip Hop , Rap albums of all time . Tego is not a fake or racist artist like Daddy Yankee , who blieves that only Puerto Ricans should perform or listen to Reggaeton . Tego Realizes that there are no borders when it come to the Latin community & sends this message out loud and clear , Just listen to track 5 `` Payasos '' . As opposed to other so called artists out there who only get a good beat and a few lyrics Tego is actually sending out a message to not just us Latinos , But to the entire world .
 Tego is a little of everthing on this cd . Though he gain much of his success through reggaeton , he is a hip hop artist . You see that throughout the cd . He may not have the pretty boy image like Daddy Yankee that increases record sells , but he proven that he is the real king when it comes to hip hop/reggaeton . Just about all the songs are hot . Some that stand out are Chango Blanco -LRB- salsa -RRB- , Payaso w / Voltio y Eddie Dee , A Mi Papa , Chillin w / Don Omar , Bad Man w / Buju Banton , Llora Llora , Oh Dios , and many more songs I can named . This is the BEST cd that came out this year when it comes to hip hop and reggaeton . None of that BS that 's repeatedly played on the mainstream radio is on the same level as this cd . Its on a level of its own . If people pay close attention to his music and not his appearance , he 'll definitely win a grammy or grammies .
 Tego is anhilating the competition with realness , originality and well thought-out lyrics . You ca n't go wrong with Tego , he 's simply the BEST of this Raggaeton game . Five Stars , hands down , go cop it ... definitely worth your money .
 For starters this was a complete album , from start to finish it was a roller coaster ride and quite an enjoyable one at that . Unlike his first 2 cds that were ok they were choppy and hard to get into.This album is a much smoother ride with not just the average `` muevelo , muevelo '' garbage that is out there . `` Oh Dios '' was huge for this man as well as many others . I am also glad he took it old school with the bomba and plena and also the addition to the Salsa tracks Lloraras witch i couldnt believe was enjoyable . There is no 5 star on this album b/c of some questionable tracks and intros.One thing is for sure though , YOU CAN ALWAYS BET ON THE UNDERDOG ! Album of the year for lyrical content and incredible tracks THE STAND OUT ALBUM OF THE YEAR ... This boy is bad ! BIG UP TO SANTURCE , PUERTO RICO !
 This album is great man . No one can do it like Tego . Lyrics , beats are all great . He brings the best of evrything down and drops it like no other . Ya should also check out Don Omars King Of Kings another crazy album .
 Once again `` el tego calde '' brings fire to reggaeton as well as to latin hip hop.His flow and word play is wicked . A mixture Hip hop beats as well as regaeton beats . I like reggaeton but the problem is that all the songs sound alike the same old `` dembow '' beats -LRB- from shabba ranks @ 1991 -RRB- . That what i like about record thats its new beats with original rhythms and the sickest flow . His colabo with the orginal jaimaican reggae badbwoy BUJU BANTON is one of my favorite tracks.Also check out other track with CHYNO NYN also on jiggueri records esta brutal ! Forget about Daddy Yankee . tego calderon is the real deal representando a los boriquas los dominicanos y todos los latino . aight
 YO!PA TODO EL QUE LE ENCANTA EL REGGAETON Y HIP HOP LATINO : YOU HAVE TO BUY THIS CD !!! IT IS THE ABSOLUTE BEST !! ALL HITS !! DO URSELF A FAVOR AND BUY IT , no no , dont DOWNLOAD , i said BUY !!!!!
 Por fin alguna producci&oacute;n Real . Luego de algunas producciones de ni & ntilde ; os guillaos de cantantes que lo que han hecho es relajar el Genero . Volvio Tego a poner las cosas en orden . Esta excelente , hay que tener este disco .
 I love Tego . I loved El Abayarde and Pa que Retozen is still my all time no 1 reggaeton jam.As a Latin Hip-hop album , in fact as a hip-hop album ... this is brilliant work -LRB- it 's why he got the 4 stars -RRB- . Tego 's lyrics , flow and beats are on point . A Mi Papa , Como Me Llamo yo , Slo ' Mo are all brilliant Hip-Hop tracks.As a reggaeton album , it is terribly dull . Not one of the reggaeton tracks on this album are a classic . And it 's because it 's a boring reggaeton album that it is not selling . Tego should have been the next million seller and had he brought out reggaeton tracks of the calibre on Abayarde , he would have been . Problem is , he clearly concentrated on the Hip-Hop side of things and put the reggaeton tracks out of duty . These tracks are fillers . Because of it the sales are far from impressive.The fact is alot of latinos out there who love reggaeton will never listen to hip-hop . I know plenty of latinos -LRB- I mean actually born in Latin America -RRB- who love their salsa , merengue , latin rock/pop , anglo rock and pop , vallenato , bachata , etc and now reggaeton . But talk to them about hip-hop and they hate it . That is the problem with this album . Tego has managed to alienate his reggaeton loving fans -LRB- who do n't like hip hop -RRB- . I used to love hip-hop when I was a teenager but I do n't listen to it now , yet I ca n't stop playing the reggaeton . That is the problem with this album . I 'm not playing this in my car because it has n't got killer reggaeton jams , it ai n't got the killer dembow beat . It 's not all Tego 's fault though , DJ Joe who wrote Pa que Retozen wrote a track for this album ... boring !!! It 's just bad reggaeton.Tego has been going around saying he wants to do even less reggaeton -LRB- it 's no secret he does n't like it -RRB- on his next album . Well good luck tego because you 'll be selling even less.It is quite clear now why Atlantic kept putting off the release of this album . They could hear what Tego was doing and they knew it would not sell .4 stars if you want the Latin hip-hop . It 's pretty hot .2 stars if you want reggaeton . Very dull ... only got 2 because Tego is still tight lyrically.Like I said it 's a great hip hop album , tego 's lyrics and flow are the best as always but I just ca n't listen to it ... I want reggaeton !!!
 Great reggeaton artist . With lots of caribbean flavor on his music . He doesnt forget about our origins , he fusions his music with african rithms . . very populars in the puertorrican community . Full of latin flavor . Even have one salsa song . Colaborates with Don Omar , Danny Fornaris , and other great reggeaton artist and compositors .
 Compared to the mediocre cd that Don Omar came out , the underdog is really a masterpiece . The cd is hot you have to buy it , dont download it buy it he deserves it . Highlights include Payaso ft voltio and eddie - which is a diss towards lito polaco and Hector , pon la cara , cuando baila reggaeton , mardi gras , los mate , etc the whole cd is great . Its got hip hop , reggaeton , salsa en fin de todo .
 Lo que trajo Tego en este album es un estilo propio . En estos dias de artistas del reggeaton que suenan iguales es raro poder encontrar algo con este nivel de originalidad . Si tiene sus canciones de reggeaton fuerte , y tambien tiene un poco de tiraera . Pero no he escuchado a ningun otro sacar canciones del estilo son cubano -LRB- Chango Blanco -RRB- . Tambien el remix de lloraras con Oscar De Leon le quedo increible . Ademas de eso el tambien utiliza un estilo de `` old school rap '' que mientras tanto no sea tan bailable , le suena bastante bien.Con este album nadie va a subestimar a Tego jamas .
 I usually dont give reviews about artist and definetly dont give 5 stars to just anybody but my boy Tego kill them all . I have been waiting for this CD for a couple of years since `` El enemy de los guasibiry '' and bealive me is everything I thought it was gon na be . He 's always been unique but with this one he whent all out , he really show all those dem-bow riding so called MC 's that always have the same style what creativity is all about , me as a true Boricua and as a witness of the birth of reaggeton since before `` The Noize '' , DJ Playero and who can forget Vico C have always supported the reaggeton genre but lately I was getting tired and disapointed of all this comercial crappy reaggeton but This one made me get back on track , boy listening to Tego brought me back to the good ol' times janging out `` en la esquina con los socios '' . I will have to say that is as street as it gets . The track with Voltio and Eddie Dee was really throwed , and the track `` Mi Papa '' was real and the beat was thight . Over all Tego is the MothaF@#ng man , no doubt . The track with Buju Banton was really good and `` Lloraras '' with Oscar D' Leon -LRB- wich by the way is from Venezuela and not Panama -RRB- was very creative , man I like the whole CD and that 's all there is to it . Aguanta que llego Grampa !!!!
 Desde noviembre 2002 que lanzo su primer disco '' El Abayarde '' al agosto 2006 que lanzo este , ha pasado mucho tiempo . EN enero 2004 Tego lanzo `` The Enemy of the Guasibiri '' pero ese fue mas como una coleccion de exitos que el contribuyo en discos anteriores de varios artistas , como `` No Fear '' , `` La Mision '' , `` The Godfather '' , `` The Majestic '' , etc. mas un par de exitos ineditos y las que pego en el primer disco.En este disco , Tego sigue con su estilo unico sin meramente tratar de repitir lo que hizo en el disco anterior . Aparte de reaggeton , tiene otros ritmos , la salsa no puede faltar , el hip hop , bomba , y hasta elementos de rock .1 . Como Me Llamo Yo
 First I would like to say I HATE reggaeton with a passion.Then came THIS ALBUM . Every track is good -LRB- well amost -RRB- . You have a variety of flavor.Gangsta RapReggaetonJazzSalsaThe lyrics are great , the beats are great . This album is SO GOOD , I had to signt up to write this review .
 this is the most versatile and liricaly best album out there so far from the reggaeton/latino Hip Hop ... Man even the interludes have hot lirics ... . so with that I think I tell you the whole thing about this album ... Buy it . . you wo n't regret it ...
 Compared to the mediocre cd that Don Omar came out , the underdog is really a masterpiece . The cd is hot you have to buy it , dont download it buy it he deserves it . Highlights include Payaso ft voltio and eddie - which is a diss towards lito polaco and Hector , pon la cara , cuando baila reggaeton , mardi gras , los mate , etc the whole cd is great . Its got hip hop , reggaeton , salsa en fin de todo .
 Tego es la fuerza en la musica latina . Es una tremenda mezcla de son , salsa , reggaeton y hip-hop . Que estupendo !!!!!!!
 I dont kno but for me Tego really did good on this album ... He kept to the genre of latin hip hop and did well with it . He truly talked more about himself and the different things he has been thru and experienced and this how da whole reggaeton/latin rap genre should be . Tego is truly one of the godfathers . I think the track with Eddie Dee and Voltio is Fire and wat a dou he did with Panamanian salsero Oscar D'Leon . If ur into the whole lyrical side of Reggaeton den Tego is good wit dis album .
 This is another awesome album by Tego . His combination of old and new beats , salsa , rumba and reggaeton , is complex and great . Plus , this is another album absolutely packed with songs . You could n't fit another one on the CD . And they are all very good to great . I highly recommend this and all his albums .
 I think that My Superhero is one of the best ska bands out there today . They know how to get a crowd going with their catchy songs , and this album shows it . Buy it now .
 This whole cd is awesome ... from the begining to the very end ! You 'll laugh , you 'll cry , you 'll sing along ! I would pick out the best songs but they 're ALL good . Especially the cover song ` Groovy ' ! This band should be BIG ! The drummer is a bad mo fo ! I saw them live in San Francisco ! Get it now !
 Get this if you do n't have it , you 'll regret it if you do n't have it
 One of the best ska/pop/punk albums i 've heard in a long time , they know how to rock and how to write damn fine songs , they should be huge !
 These Anaheim boys know how to rock my world . Their music is upbeat , fun and easy to dance to . I definitely recommend checking it out and while you 're at it , check out their website -LRB- mysuperhero.com -RRB- If you like music with style you 'll love My Superhero !!!
 a mixture of of power pop , punk , synthy 80 's rock -LRB- think late buzzcocks -RRB- and 3rd wave ska , these guys rock . i am sooo glad this was rereleased for my vinyl copy from when th original release came out was getting worn down . it wo n't leave your cd player for ages . check out the song `` another kind '' ... -LRB- with it 's fun `` kids in america '' like guitar solo -RRB- !!
 This is the best CD I own ! My SuperHero comine Ska , punk , and plain rock to be the coolest band out there . You ca n't go wrong with this cd ! Every single song could be a hit . Its well worth the money , and truly awesome stuff . I recommend it to anyone .
 This 18-minute EP released by the Anticon label serves as a dazzling introduction to their skewed view of hip-hop , and at the same time will wow loyal fans of the collective . The artists on Anticon are simply a different breed . They are n't just students of hip-hop which some try so desperately try to preserve . They are students of pop culture as a whole , which translates into something the uninitiated may find horrifically bad . Sadly , some will pass them off as underground hip-hop 's Captain Beefheart . I will admit , I 'm not a huge fan of the newer Anticon releases . I too find some of them a bit pretentious and frankly , unlistenable -LRB- examples
 Slug and Ant from atmosphere , sixtoo guest producer and Jel . Enough said . sick artist get together and make a sick single .
 Good single , worth picking up . Pity Party People definetly stands out on this cd . Its cool with Slug and Eyedea also on this cd . Deep Puddle Dynamics needs to make another full leanth album ... really badly . Seriously i loved listening to them pour their hearts into `` The taiste of rain ... why kneel ? '' But i have doubts of that happening .
 i think that this album is so hot . the lyrics are so real and the beats definitetly make it a number one on my list . everything about ant icon is real and down to earth . every time i listen to ant it makes me a better person . i give ant a two thumbs up for sure . anticon is for sure my favorite group .
 I would HIGHLY recommend this CD to devotees of composers like Arvo Part , Giya Kancheli , and John Tavener.The first work , the Symphony No. 2 -LRB- _ Heroic _ -RRB- , protests the brutality of war and commemorates the victims and other honored dead . Not surprisingly , it calls to mind pieces like Shostakovich 's Chamber Symphony Op. 110a -LRB- `` In Memory of the Victims of Fascism and War '' -RRB- and Kancheli 's newly-released _ Lament _ . All in all , a powerful , dramatic piece -- a sort of symphonic requiem.The second work on the album , the Symphony No. 1 -LRB- _ Sinfonia Larga _ -RRB- for sixteen strings , is no less powerful . It is a haunting work , dreamy , almost surreal at times . If I set about to somehow translate -- or should I say `` transliterate '' ? -- this work into fiction , I would think instantly of writers like Lovecraft , Kafka , and Bruce Sterling -LRB- e.g. , `` Taklamakan '' -LSB- _ A Good Old-Fashioned Future _ -RSB- -RRB- . The final piece , the Symphony No. 4 -LRB- _ Sinfonia Lirica _ -RRB- , is composed for sixteen strings and solo cello . Again , an intense , haunting work.Why , I wonder , are there so few works available by this remarkable composer ?
 Since I have been collecting the Bonzo Dog Band collection on CD and vinyl , this album may be my second favorite of the five . It was a contractually obligated album which the Bonzos had to make even after they had broken up . Kind of like Fleetwood Mac when they were all breaking up personal relationships . The Bonzos had burned out from their 5 years of being on the road .
 This is a terrific recording . Rob Brown is simply one of the most interesting alto saxophonists playing today . A keening , strident tone with an attack that is relentless ; he takes his time building momentum and surprises with twists and turns but never loses his footing . When you play this recording it is difficult to do anything else but listen ; it is that captivating.Lou Grassi and Wilbur Morris do n't just sit in the back seat for this ride . They compliment the leader and provide idiomatic support all the way through.It is an amazing ride and one that I will continue returning to . Rob Brown is one of a small handful of players who always provides the goods . All of his efforts are worth investigating . If you can find this one , it 's a real jewel .
 See my review of CODONA 3 to get a feel for the Codono projects . It 's marvelous , multiethnic music , ethereal and lovely . CODONA 3 is my favourite , tho ' , along with Walcott 's GRAZING DREAMS , which Cherry is also on -LRB- tho ' not Vasconcelos -RRB- . Stevie Wonder fans might be curious to note that this disc includes `` Colemanwonder , '' a medley that somehow fuses an Ornette Coleman tune to a Stevie Wonder one . Non-Stevie Wonder fans can rest assured that , if you do n't already know the tune , you wo n't even notice it . I did n't . Still do n't . Nice music to fall asleep to , too .
 Periodically I go through my CD collection and , for space reasons , remove some issues to make room for new acquisitions . -LRB- I know , I know , it 's an illness , this acquisition fever . -RRB- I donate the culls to a branch of our wonderful Kansas City Library system and they seem happy to get my cast-offs . Earlier this week I pulled this CD off the shelf and , as I usually do with potential candidates , I listened to it again after perhaps two years or so . I decided I could n't get rid of this one just yet . This is really quite a nice CD featuring music by one of that group of early 20th-century Flemish composers who seem to be all but unknown here in the US , but whose music bears hearing . That group , along with the present Arthur Meulemans -LRB- 1884-1966 -RRB- , includes van Hoof , Mortelmans , Poot , Blockx , de Boeck , and the father of this CD 's conductor , Godfried Devreese . Indeed if you like post-romantic music with a dash of French impressionism thrown in you ca n't go wrong with any of these composers.Meulemans was for many years conductor of the National Radio Orchestra of Belgium and his list of orchestral compositions is long indeed . He wrote fifteen symphonies , and concerti for piano , violin , cello and almost all the instruments in the orchestra , as well as many tone-poems , suites and so on . His music was influenced by Richard Strauss , Gustav Mahler and , particularly early on , Claude Debussy . Like his Austrian colleague Joseph Marx -LRB- and for that matter , like the better-known Italian Ottorino Respighi -RRB- he wrote in a style I like to call Romantic Impressionism -- that is to say , his orchestral colors are informed by the discoveries of Debussy and Ravel , while his construction is similar to that of the post-Wagnerian Austro-German school , including their use of leitmotives and their sophisticated polyphonic skill.On this CD are two tone-poems , ` Pliny 's Fountain ' and ` May Night , ' and two symphonies , the Second and Third . They are , once one gets to know Meulemans ' characteristic sound , of a piece . Most of his music seems to have a flow of orchestral incident that bespeaks a program of some sort . Those of the two tone-poems are spelled out -- the one a three movement description of the fountain itself in morning , at twilight and during a ` night festival , ' and the latter a Flemish tale about a nun who breaks her vows when she falls in love and then recants her fall from grace.The two symphonies , while ` absolute music , ' also seem to be describing some sort of program . In the Second Symphony use of touches of color -- glockenspiel , flashes of piccolo and harp , celesta , medieval open fifths in low strings -- bring the music in line with the faux-ancient pieces of Respighi . Late in life Meulemans confessed that there was indeed an unspoken ` Naturlaut ' -LRB- ` sounds of Nature ' -RRB- program for the Third Symphony and he described the four movements as 1 . Moonlight night , 2 . The fir-trees rustle softly in the mysterious solitude , 3 . Midnight -- the dance of the fairies and elves , 4 . Morning -- shining light over the fir-trees . It does n't take much imagination to see these tone-pictures as the symphony unwinds.The performances here are by that orchestra kept so busy by Marco Polo and Naxos , the Moscow Symphony Orchestra , ably conducted by Fr&eacute;d&eacute;ric Devreese . The performances are just slightly cautious and the MSO is not the Berlin Philharmonic , but these are adequate performances in more than adequate sound , and we 're not likely to get other recordings of this interesting , lush and tuneful music.TT = 68 ' 13 `` Scott Morrison
 Belgian composer Arthur Meulemans -LRB- 1884-1966 -RRB- was enormously prolific , especially with regards to orchestral works . There are some 15 symphonies and an almost endless number of solo concertos among his output , and judged by the works on this disc - even if they can not reasonably be called `` masterpieces '' - it might very well be worth exploring further . In terms of style , the best description is perhaps late romanticism with many impressionistic touches , especially in terms of orchestration.Pliny 's Fountain is his most famous work , three symphonic sketches in a lush and attractively colored orchestral garb . The first movement , Summer morning , is a lovely creation , gently warm and richly textured . The Sunset section is a finely wrought , Debussy-inspired movement while the boisterous Night Feast does n't really live up to what one suspects is the model , the Ftes section from Debussy 's Nocturnes . The symphonies are very fine , well-constructed works , and while the material is n't always the most distinguished -LRB- although some of it certainly is -RRB- , at least Meulemans knows how to use it as effectively as possible and not overwork it . The finest of them , the third symphony -LRB- perhaps , together with the seventh , his most famous -RRB- , draws its inspiration from the landscapes and impressions of the composer 's childhood and youth , and mixes the wistful and water-colored with impressions of the fantastic and magical framework of youthful imagination . May Night is attractive but undistinguished.The performances are more than adequate as well , if not fully exhibiting the fullness of tone and dynamic range one could imagine would make these works truly unforgettable . Still , this is a very attractive release which deserves a firm recommendation . Sound quality is fine .
 I love this cd ! It is fantastic and many of the songs are enjoyable ! My friend says Christian music is boring , but I must think else wear . People like Stacie Orrico make Christian music really fun ! 5 stars !
 Stacie Orrico is a good singer . She has a God given talent . Even though her ways have changed she always has the ability to sing .
 This is one of the best Christian-pop albums out there . Complete with SIXTEEN songs !!! I was not a fan of Christian until I got it as a birthday gift - I LOVED it ! If you are just getting into Christian music , like Christian music , or like pop style , this is the album for you ! -LRB- Get it today ! -RRB- Really , really , really good songs : No. 1
 Genuine is the debut disc from alternative CCM artist Stacie Orrico , which combines her positive Christian convictions with musical inspiration , embracing the pop/urban influence represented by Christina Aguilera and Lauryn Hill . Orrico deals with tricky lyrical issues -LRB- insecurity , peer pressure , anorexia -RRB- while musically sustaining mainstream crossover appeal . To her credit , Orrico co-wrote `` Do n't Look at Me , '' `` Genuine , '' and the disc 's closing track `` Dear Friend , '' exclusively .
 I think this C.D. is great . She has a wonderful voice . I love the beats , they are really good . Most of the reviews I have seen always compare the singer to Britney Spears though -LRB- Not just Stacie 's reviews -RRB- . I love Brit , she is my fav . singer . I wish that everyone would stop trashing Britney because she shows her stomach . Regardless of what she wears she is still a christian , no one 's perfect anyways . As christians we must not judge , people seem to think that christians are judgmental and scrutinizers . Christians , think about what you say before you say it . There is no need to talk badly of others-just something to think about .
 One word
 This CD is the best ! With great R&B and pop songs , Stacie is on the right path to becoming a Christian music `` diva '' I 'm glad that there is a Christian teen star out there who loves God and is someone who Christian teens -LRB- and parents -RRB- can listen to . Everyone needs to go out and buy this CD !
 If you are considering purchasing Stacie Orrico 's first CD `` Genuine , '' I would highly recommend it . This CD has a good mix of upbeat songs and sweet , slow tunes . `` Do n't Look At Me '' was a big hit on Christian music charts , and for good reason ! This is a great song with an awesome message . `` O O Baby '' is a really fun song with a good beat . My personal favorite on the album is `` Dear Friend , '' the final song on the CD , which Stacie wrote herself . It is a song about a friend who does n't feel good about herself , but Stacie is trying to tell her that she is beautiful and that God loves her no matter what . This song has a beautiful melody and a powerful message . I highly recommend this CD . : - -RRB-
 GENUINE is the most perfect example to date of how Christian Pop music should sound-this girl has done her homework!The highlights of this amazing disc are `` Ride '' , `` Genuine '' , `` With A Little Faith '' , and the timely `` Dear Friend . '' Even her interludes which dot the Album at various intervals are amazing as well -LRB- Imagine if she had developed those fully ! -RRB- . Even more amazing is the fact that this songstress is only 14 years old ! Not only that , but upon careful listening , the listener finds out that the focus of all of her songs is GOD ! I could not help but to look at the photographs of her before the microphone with those cute little braces . This girl is ready to sing and the love of her Lord is all in her!For a former adversary of Christian music , this disc was an unexpected shock , proving true the ancient adage
 I saw this cd advertised in the North Western Book Store Magazine and read the interview . I was curious about it when it said it was a comparison to Brittany Spears ' music and others . When I went to the store I listened to the demo . I thought it was really cool and bought it a few days later . I think Stacie is a really good singer and good at singing her faith about God . I like all the songs but my favorites are Stay True , Do n't look at Me , 0.0 Baby , and Hold 'n On . If you are into Brittany and Christina you would luv this cd .
 Genuine - 14 year old Stacie Orrico 's first album is wonderful . I love it and I can listen to the CD the whole way through without skipping tracks.Stacie 's genuine love for God comes through clearly in every song on the album and she is not afraid to express her opinion from a Christian point of view through the songs on issues that many teens her age face.My favourite songs on the album are Ride , Do n't Look At Me , Genuine , So Pray , Holdin ' On , Restore My Soul and Dear Friend.Buy Stacie Orrico 's album Genuine and you will not be disappointed !
 Stacie 's voice is strong and clear . This album -LRB- can I still call it an `` album '' ? I 'm dating myslef ! -RRB- is superb . My young daughter loves it too and it is a joy to hear her singing the words . My only complaint is that the male voice in the background is really unnecessary . Her powerful voice can stand on it 's own . Overall , it 's superb and outstanding !
 This CD is a must buy.It has awesome mixture of pop and R&B . Stacie Orrico has a beautiful , powerful voice.This CD is for anyone who likes Britney or Christina but hates their lyrics.My favorite songs are , `` Do n't Look at Me '' , `` Stay True '' , and Genuine '' .
 Stacie has such a great voice ! And with her great first single -LRB- Do n't Look At Me -RRB- she is SURE to go far ! Stacie brings all sorts of types of music to her album ! Like the song Do n't Look At Me , is so pop while `` O.O. Baby '' has an R&B sound . Then theres the wonderful ballad `` Without Love '' . And then theres a touch of rock to almost each song . And with Stacie , singing , writing -LRB- lyrics AND BOOKS -RRB- , and playing the piano shes sure to stay in the music biz ! So go get the album !!! Its AWESOME ! And shes EVEN BETTER PERFORMING !!!
 This is a great CD with lots of bass , and a great message . Sorry , but she is really cute , my friend and I bought the CD just for her , but the music is great too .
 This is a wonderful CD ! Spiritual lyrics with a sound that a lot of people think only secular artists can muster . With songs ranging from an urban sound to an almost crossover sound you get a very diverse CD . Stacie wrote `` Dear Friend '' , co-wrote `` Do n't Look at Me '' , and `` Genuine '' so for the teen/preteen listener , one can really relate to the issues described in the songs .
 I had never heard of Stacie Orrico until I first came across her first book , `` Genuine . '' It was featured prominently on the counter in front of the cash registe , and although it caught my interest , I never bought a copy . However , as the weeks rolled by , Stacie 's book remained on the counter , as if patiently waiting for me to take it home . The power of believing in Him was strong with this one , because when I left , the bookstore was now one copy less of `` Genuine . `` The next day found me seeking out Stacie 's debut album . It did n't take long and soon I was listening to catchy tunes as `` Ride , '' `` O O Baby , '' and `` Do n't Look At Me . '' Stacie 's wonderful album is spiritually and emotionally charged , leaving you with the feeling of rejuvenation . Needless to say , I also bought Stacie 's second book , `` Dear Friend '' and Christmas album . I await her sophomore release LP , `` Say It Again . `` If you 're fortunate enough to see Stacie live in concert , you 're in for a treat . The girl is incredible . She really connects with her fans not only through her music , but through God as well.I ca n't give enough praise for Stacie Orrico . I must thank the Lord above for providing us with Stacie , so that she may share the gift of her beautiful voice and talent . Amen .
 I just love this album . Ever since hearing the attitude filled `` Do n't Look At Me '' and the upbeat `` Genuine '' on the local Christian Contemporary station ... I knew I had to add it to my carefully selected music library.Stacie 's mainstream style is magnified by her sincere wish to spread the Gospel . Her origional translation of Scriptural lyrics added to her soulfull or dance beats create a perfect combination of Truth and clean fun . It 's no wonder that she 's been able to tour with Destiny 's Child.Her Christ centered lyrics and attitude create a feeling that ca n't be found in the music of her secular contemporaries ... BR > This album is a must have for any Christian teen who likes the sounds of Destiny 's Child or Christina Agulera , but wants meaningful lyrics .
 I thought I would hate this seeing as how she 's a Christian artist . Most christian music I have listened to has been a sort of rehash of mainstream music . Not this . It 's actually somewhat original and is great all the way through.Here 's to many more albums from this phenom .
 A voice like an angel , a beautiful testimony of faith , and not even old enough to drive a car ! This young women , in my opinion , has a very bright future in Christian music . What I like the most about her music is sweet innocense she has about her walk with Christ . `` Stay True '' , gives an excellent example of what adults could learn from younger Christians , to not let anyone else 's opinion or ideals sway your convictions . The entire cd is full of meaningful messages that a wise person would take to heart !
 This is a very refreshing CD with the voice of a God Loveing singer loud and clear . It was wonderful to hear this in a world of Hate . I am Just 13 but I still have a hard time beliveing that one voice so loud and clear can be an insperation for us all , But Stace demenstrates that perfectly .
 This is the best CD ever . The sound of Stacie Orrico 's voice is great and the lyrics are great . You would nt excpect such a great sound from a 14 year old but she definitely pulls it off . The songs are suprisingly very pop-like .
 I just got this CD for Christmas and it is the best ! Stacie has such a great voice and the words in her songs are so cool . This cd is really touching . The songs have great rhythm as well as a Christian message in each one . I love it !!
 I was never very interested in Christian CDs . I always thought they all said the same message over and over again . I was at my friend 's house one day and I heard Stacie 's CD on the stereo . I had to borrow it . When I first listened to it I loved it ! Everything about the CD was great ! I was tempted not to give it back to my friend ! This CD certainly changed my mind about Christian music . It is great to see a singer singing about soming other than their love life , which is seen so often today . Stacie 's songs , voice and music are all amazing ! You ca n't go wrong if you buy this CD !
 The title track of the CD gets you moving . Growing up , I said that I would not be fake , and I thought that I was alone . I see that here is a young person who know is happy to be authentic . She is confident and loves what she is doing . I play this CD to get me motivated and it never lets me down . Wish I had artists like this when I was growing up ...
 Stacey Orrico is just now starting to make a name for herself with her second album `` Stacie Orrico '' she has Top 40 Radio Hit `` There 's got ta be -LRB- more to life -RRB- '' . And while I do enjoy the songs I 've heard off that record , and plan to buy it , I guess I wish she would have stayed a little more clear about what she 's singing about -LRB- God -RRB- . But people change , and as long as she 's staying true to what God wants for her , then I 'm happy . : DNow onto this album ... . It must be known that Stacey was only 14yrs when she recorded this . She won a record deal at a talent contest when she was only 12yrs . And so she recorded her first album Genuine , a contemporary Christain album that has enough edge and heartfelt vocals to rival other powerhouse singers like Jessica Simpson and Christina Aguilera . Given a few more years -LRB- she 's now 17 -RRB- , and she could truely be pheonominal . But on this record , you can tell she 's 14yrs here , she 's not trying to act older then she is , unlike many acts that can out that year or the year before . And for Stacie , this works very well.Unlike many artist out today , she sends a positive and meaningful message , on such songs as `` Genuine '' , a song about looking for something more meaningful in life and `` Do n't Look at Me '' , a song about telling people how imperfect she is , and that the one you really need to look for for a model and guidance is Jesus Christ . It also contains some fun dancey songs like `` Ride '' and `` O , O Baby '' , which is one of more more favorite songs , it has a fun beat and a good message about God 's plan for your own life . Some of the best slow songs are `` Without Love '' , a song that says if she did n't have God , she would have nothing , it would all be meaningless -LRB- so true -RRB- , `` Everything '' , a song about saving yourself for the one you will marry , and `` Dear Friend '' , my absolute favorite track . Why ? Because this song is an absolutely haunting song about a friend whom has gotten lost in the perils of anorexia , it is a song that still speaks to me , and can be applied to not only anorexia , but any friend who is in desperate need of help , and it is a gorgeous song.All in all debut showed a lot of promise for such a young artist , and has been continued with her second album , and hopefully , she will only get better . ! God Bless & * Enjoy * ~ Amy
 This CD is great ! I heard one song off of it and then I just had to pick one up . I 'm a young person so I 'm into the strong beats , and R&B grooves that Stacie does so well . But after a while , you are more into the beats , rather than her lyrics . And her lyrics are very good ! They reach out to her generation . So if you are going to buy this CD , do n't hesitate to stop and listen to the lyrics !
 I really loved this CD ! * ___ * There was n't one song on this CD I did n't like , but my favorites were
 I think that this Cd is the Best Cd i have ever heard.I really think that you should buy Genuine .
 This is such an awesome cd ! When I first purchased it I did n't even know she was 14 ! I thought she was 17 or 18 ... if you just listen to her songs , you could n't tell it was all coming out of a 14 yr . old girl ! All her songs are great , there 's not one song u would want to pass over ! I 'm sure you will not be dissapointed with this cd ! Go out and buy it , I love it ! -LRB- oh yeah , i listened to rachel lampa 's cd b4 this one . . and guess which one I ended up buying . . -RRB-
 this cd is a great christian cd that appeals to teans and still shows somewhat of a christian sound . stacie has a great voice thats very mature 14 .
 `` Genuine '' and `` Confidant , '' this girl has got it all ! Stacie Orrico has become an effectual voice in her generation . Her originality has appealed to the youth . Her album reveals a heavenly voice , and it radiates her urban hip-hop style . She twists a hip-hop beat with Christan lyrics . These songs speak honestly to her peers about issues of typical Christian lives . Her fist single , `` Do n't look at Me , '' looks at Christ as superiority . Her music `` Restores the Soul '' and she stays true to her faith , always standing by the Lord . Her songs are positively devoted to the Lord . Stacie was signed at the adolescent age of 12 . Although a youth herself , her lyrics represent a mature veteran.Her powerful voice has taken a great leap forward and she has reached perfection . Stacie has often been compared to Britney Spears and Christina Augilera . Fans of these pop artists who want to focus more on Christian faith should focus more on Stacie . Her amazing voice has also been compared to pop-rock singer Mariah Carey . They both have been recognized as mighty vocalists . No matter what type of music satisfies your taste , this talented vocal artist will appease your ears . Listening to Stacie Orrico is a delightful blessing .
 Let 's throw the age issue right out the window . I could care less how old Stacie is . There are so many people who should be so lucky to have such an incredible piece of music associated to them . I ca n't believe this is her first major label release . There is nowhere in the entire album that is lagging in musical ideas . Granted , I could disagree with a few of the `` sounds '' used in the programming of the tracks , but I have more pending matters . The bottom line - if you have someone in your life who enjoys Brittany , Christina , Mariah , Destiny 's Child or anyone remotely similar , buy this album instead ! She 's a much better singer than most -LRB- especially Brittany Spears - but who is n't ? -RRB- The vocals are incredible . The writing is smart and musical . Do n't let the fact that this is a `` Christian '' album fool you , Stacie Orrico is a major force in the music business . She 's an incredible musician . Buy her album and support creativity and musicality .
 Excellent CD , wonderful voice , banging music production . This is a must CD for everyone . Young artist giving God the Glory , I like it . Keep it up !
 I love this cd!Stacie has great talent and will go very far . `` do n't look at me '' first caught my attention on the radio.I went out and bought the cd and was suprised when all my expectations were met . I 'm very glad that us christians have our own music to listen to that rocks . `` Without Love '' is my favorite.I wish Stacie the best of luck on her music career !!
 This CD is great ! It 's lyrics , sound , and beat make it a much better choice than Oops ! I did it again ! or Christina Agulara ! This CD is suitable for all ages ! But , because of the message behind certain songs such as `` Dear Friend '' and `` Everything I Have '' it would do a lot more good for Junior High and High School age groups ! Make sure you listen to the track `` Stay True ''
 This is an excellent CD.Stacies music is very up beat and uplifting . She has a beautiful voice that has my convertible cars top down and my voice up high singing along.A must have
 This CD is so good ! She totally changed my perspectives on Christian music ! I never really liked it until I heard her . Now , I ca n't live without it ! Go buy this CD if you wan na dance !
 This is way better then anything I have ever heard . Usually , I dislike pop music of any kind . I am not a fan of Britney Spears at all ! But , I love this CD !
 If you want a signer that talks about the real issues , but not something slow and boring , and stuff you can show to your unchristian friends and them think twice about their life , or even something for a party , that u want to dance to , GET THIS CD ! Really cool and fresh , especially Holdin ' On , with it 's cool twists and pop and r & b sorta style , and Stay True with it 's urban style . But there 's also songs like Dear Friend , that make you feel sorta sad and really see that Stacie has a lotta potential as a singer when it comes to singing . Anyway , overall cool sorta Britney Spears style songs , with a Christian Perspective < without rubbing it in > but one thing is , sometimes in some songs you ca n't tell it apart with love song to some guy ...
 I love this cd . All of the songs are so good , especially O.O. Baby , Without Love , Genuine , Holdin ' On , and Dear Friend -LRB- these are my favorites -RRB- . Stacie Orrico has done an awsome job . She is a Christian who loves God and uses the talent he has given her to sing the songs that we enjoy so much . I ca n't wait till her next album comes out . My advice is to buy the `` Genuine '' album now !!!
 I love this cd ! I dance at church and I already have a few routines to these songs ! I think she is a super talented young lady ! I hope she does lots more ! If you enjoy her I also recomend Out of Eden , Winans Phase 2 , Obadiah -LRB- not sold in stores I dont think -RRB- , Kirk Franklin ... etc !
 I really liked this CD ! If you 're into her type of music you 'll love it ! I really like all her songs , except for `` O O Baby '' which kind of got on my nerves . But other than that , this CD is well worth the money !
 After quickly looking over all the reviews I realized no one rated the songs off her album , so here goes : -RSB- 1 . Ride - Fast and cute song which says if you wan na take a ride on the other side with God . 5/52 . Do n't Look at Me - Stacie 's first single , which points to God as the perfect example , not to herself . 5/53 . O.O Baby - At first I did n't like the computer sounding music , but the lyrics are great for teens and preteens . 4/54 . Without Love - GREAT song . I love the really simple but special lyrics . 5/55 . Stay True - A funky urban sounding song that quickly became one of my favorites . 5/56 . Genuine - Cool song that talks about acceptance - the music video to the song rocks . 5/57 . With a Little Faith - At first I liked this song but they over play it on the radio . 3/58 . So Pray - The begining of the song it sounds slow , but has lots of attitude . 4/59 . Holdin ' On - This is a groovy song but it sounds as if more than one person is singing . 4/510 . Restore My Soul - Oooo I love this song ! It has a great message . 5/511 . Confidant - When I got this CD -LCB- the day it came out -RCB- I really did n't listen to this song a whole lot , but lately it 's become one of my favorites . 5/512 . Everything - This song is a lot like O.O Baby but slower . 5/513 . Dear Friend - A sweet balled . She played this song in concert it was so sweet . 5/5
 Genuine is on an entirely different level from the candy-coated teen pop we 're too used to hearing . It 's fresh , relevant , and to-the-point . I ca n't say I completely loved every single track the first time I listened through the CD , but now I appreciate each song for the messages each conveys -- read the lyrics ! I also appreciate Stacie 's not shoving her voice in her listeners ' face . She does n't overdo the vocal acrobatics , yet she effectively displays her talent . -LRB- Less is more ! -RRB- I truly hope that if any of your friends start raving about the pop stars of the secular world , you will whip out the liner notes to this CD and say , `` Some of those teen stars are talented , but they 're shallow . Read this . Listen to this . It 's genuine . '' -LSB- I remember hearing Stacie sing `` Household of Faith '' at school -LRB- King 's Elementary -RRB- when she was about 5 years old . I must have been about 7 ; I thought she was talented then . Imagine my surprise when I got a sample music CD and saw her name ! She 's gone a long way . -RSB-
 Stacie has a wonderful voice and is incredibly talented ! Her music is catchy and positive and is flavored with both pop and R&B sounds . Both her voice and songs are similar to those of Britney Spears , Christina Agularia and the like . The songs are very upbeat and happy . One of my favorites is `` Dear Friend '' - it really pulls at your heart if you know the story behind it ! This is a wonderful CD ! Buy it today !
 1 . Ride - Fast and cute song which says if you wan na take a ride on the other side with God . 5/52 . Do n't Look at Me - Stacie 's first single , which points to God as the perfect example , not to herself . 5/53 . O.O Baby - At first I did n't like the computer sounding music , but the lyrics are great for teens and preteens . 4/54 . Without Love - GREAT song . I love the really simple but special lyrics . 5/55 . Stay True - A funky urban sounding song that quickly became one of my favorites . 5/56 . Genuine - Cool song that talks about acceptance - the music video to the song rocks . 5/57 . With a Little Faith - At first I liked this song but they over play it on the radio . 3/58 . So Pray - The begining of the song it sounds slow , but has lots of attitude . 4/59 . Holdin ' On - This is a groovy song but it sounds as if more than one person is singing . 4/510 . Restore My Soul - Oooo I love this song ! It has a great message . 5/511 . Confidant - When I got this CD -LCB- the day it came out -RCB- I really did n't listen to this song a whole lot , but lately it 's become one of my favorites . 5/512 . Everything - This song is a lot like O.O Baby but a lot slower . 5/513 . Dear Friend - A sweet balled . She played this song in concert it was so sweet . 5/5
 Stacie Orrico has managed to take Christian music to another level with Genuine ! Anyone who dares to call her `` the Britney Spears of Christian music '' needs a wake-up call ! Britney is awesome , but Stacie will put her to shame ! Such songs as Do n't Look At Me , O.O. Baby , Stay True , and Holdin ' On both have a groove and a message . Then , there 's the ballads , like Without Love , Everything , and Dear Friend , a song Stacie herself wrote for her anorexic friend . This album is filled , not with artificial things , but that which is genuine ... no pun intended . Although Stacie has tapped into the teen pop phenomenon respresented by such secular artists as Mandy Moore , Christina Aguilera , and of course , Britney Spears , Stacie sings about real life issues , such as peer pressure , idolizing someone else , temptation to do wrong , and even marriage and dating . Stacie is the coolest Christian singer ever . Rock on !
 I really think that Stacie is very talented ! She 's only 14 ! And at 14 she has a beautiful voice ! God gave her a wonderful gift , and she 's totally using it the right way .
 Stacie Orrico is one talented teenager ! I have to say , I was very surprised to find she was so young ! I think it 's wonderful and refreshing to have someone like Stacie Orrico in Christain Music . It sort of puts the `` life '' into the Christain Music for the average young person -LRB- or young at heart ! :-RRB- who may find other Christain groups a bit dull or the music outdated . I bought this CD about a month ago and I ca n't stop listening to it . My daughter loves it too . I think the best songs are `` Without Love '' , and `` Restore My Soul '' . I did n't like every song at first , but they have a wonderful message and a catchy tune and I love them all now . If you like Christina Aguilara and Mariah Carrey , you 'll LOVE Stacie Orrico .
 I love this CD i listen to it all the time . I think Stacie is a beautiful artist that shows talent through her songs.When one of my friends first played `` Dear Friend '' at a group meeting we were having with some of the girls in our grade I just started crying.I think the song is so beautiful and it really meant something to me and everyone else . I went out and bought this CD right away.I read some of the other reviews and thought they were great except that only one mentioned that Stacie 's music was about Christ.If you arent not a Christain I encourage you to first read the Bible -LRB- John 3:16 -RRB- and then buy this CD maybe it will mean a lot to you and maybe not . Thanks !
 I bought this CD at the same time as I bought Rachael Lampa 's `` Live For You , '' and at first I thought that Stacie would never live up to Rachael 's powerful voice . But after listening to all of the tracks , numerous times , I started enjoying Stacie 's cool and up-beat grooves , style , and attitude in a positive way . And at age 14 , Stacie shows so much more vocal maturity than most expect of her . I first heard her hit `` Do n't Look At Me '' on the radio , and I never guessed that a 14-year old was behind that summer smash . My favorite tracks are `` Do n't Look At Me , '' `` Stay True , '' `` Genuine -LRB- you should see her new video for that on the Disney channel-it 's great ! -RRB- , '' `` With a Little Faith , '' and `` Restore My Soul . ''
 Stacie Orrico is amazing ! I ca n't believe how much talent she has ... After listening to her cd only once , I know that it 's a must have for everyone . . Her voice is absolutely beautiful comparable to the likes of mariah carey and celine dion . It is so hard to believe that this is her FIRST cd - lyrically her songs are so devoted to God , and she has a talent that makes the words shine through and really mean something to the listener.Although I was at Creation West and she was one of the performers along with Rachel Lampa , DC TALK , Newsboys . . etc. . I did n't attend her concert - I was n't interested in that kind of teen pop , and I 'm still not really that interested in the genre - but her music is so AWESOME ! It is hard to be ignored ... I feel like such a fool for missing her performance !!! I only stopped listening to lots of secular music lately - but she is WAY better than Britney and Christina and all of those teeny boppers!She is a rising star - I 'm lovin this cd , but I can not wait until her sophomore cd ! : D
 Love her music . My daughter loved the cd . Everything was great . Satcie Orico is extremely talented and sings Christian music that will uplift you . Very contemporary .
 I had this on cassette tape a few years ago and missed it terribly when I no longer had a tape player in the car . I am having so much fun playing the CD and singing along while driving . Awesome talent in one so young !
 I paid 50 cents for this . Which was not bad at all . It was in good conditions for the price . One of the song did skip a little . But over all it was great for the price .
 This is the best album I own . I am stacie orrico 's # 1 fan ! I first heard her genuine album , when i was 12 , we 're both the same age . I didnt know who she was when i bought it I just saw the beautiful cover and was curious as to what her album sounded like . I purchased it and fell in love with her voice . This is how I rate the songs out of 10 : Ride 10/10 lots of r & b ; flavor -LRB- timbaland/aaliyah sound -RRB- Dont look at me 7/10 a bit of rock/pop -LRB- brittney spears type of sound -RRB- O.O. Baby 10/10 -LRB- my fav song -RRB- very r $ b/hip hopWithout Love 7/10 popStay True 8/10 very sassy . . popInterlude -- very cuteGenuine 9/10 ... r & b ; / pop great messageWith a little faith 7/10Confidant 9/10 jazzySo Pray 9/10 cute and r & b ; / gospel vibeEverything 10/10 great message ... soulfulDear Friend 8/10 great messageThis album will be worth every cent you pay for it ... better than anything she 's ever done ... pure talent and she was so young !
 I Love this CD . She is a great witness and all of her songs a great.Ride -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- very catchyDo n't look at me -LRB- 15/10 -RRB- I love this song . It is definitely one of my favroites.O.O Baby -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- a little hard to understand but still good.Without Love -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- A song with a great tune and a great message.Stay True -LRB- 20/10 -RRB- my favroite Stacie Orrico song -LRB- you have to hear it to understand , but trust me its great -RRB- Genuine -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- A song that is genuinely great . A really great sound.With a little Faith -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- A good message and it 's fun.So Pray -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- a great message . It is bold but she does a great job with it . I LOVE it.Holdin ' On -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- really fun words and a great message!Restore my Soul -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- a lot like Holdin ' On . Not as up-beatConfidant -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- I Love the tune and words.Everthing -LRB- 6/10 -RRB- Sweet but not very catchy.Dear Friend -LRB- 13/10 -RRB- A song that came from her heart and she wrote it her self which I really admire .
 -LRB- 3.9 / 5.0 -RRB- MUST LISTEN-Don ' t Look At Me , Stay True , Confidant1 . Ride - -LRB- 6.5 / 10 -RRB- 2 . Do n't Look At Me - -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 3 . 0.0 Baby - -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- 4 . Without Love - -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- 5 . Stay True - -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- 7 . Genuine -LRB- 6/10 -RRB- 8 . With A Little Faith - -LRB- 7.5 / 10 -RRB- 10 . So Pray - -LRB- 6/10 -RRB- 11 . Holdin ' On - -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- 12 . Restore My Soul - -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- 13 . Confidant - -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- 14 . Everything - -LRB- 6/10 -RRB- 16 . Dear Friend - -LRB- 6/10 -RRB-
 i love stacie i think she is the best for all teens & she can make a good time for every body with her songs :D she is so cutei think stuck is the best song from hergood luck stacie ; -RRB-
 Stacie has an absolutely beautiful voice . I love listening to her sing . All of her songs really speak to me and help me get through tough times . I recently went to her concert in Cape Cod and heard her for the first time . I loved her music right away . I was dancing and listening and sometimes I would just close my eyes and let the music speak to me . I bought her CD right away and I love it . I really like `` Ride '' , `` Dear Friend '' , and `` O.O Baby '' . All the songs are fantastic , though .
 Stacie Orrico is Christian 's Britney Spears . -LRB- Thats not a bad thing though !! -RRB- . This album is worth the money because this girl can sing . My fave tracks on here are
 This track is one of the best Christian tracks I have heard in a while . She has nartural talent and has a strong emphasis on God . It is hard to find good Christian cds out there . Every one of her songs has a spiritual point -LRB- even though some are hidden -RRB- . The inside of the case has all the words to every song so you can sing along . If a person is looking for a Christian cross between Christina and Jennifer Lopez , this is the track to get .
 Stacie 's debut CD is definitely worth the buy ! She 's definitely got a different style than Rachael Lampa , but she 's equally as talented . It 's interesting too , because normally I would n't be really into this R&B style coming from many of the secular artists . But just hearing this type of music praising God is such a refreshing blessing ! I really like the upbeat dance rhythms as well as the sweet and slow ballads . My favorite songs on the album are `` Do n't Look At Me , '' `` With A Little Faith , '' `` Stay True , '' and `` Dear Friend . '' Stacie definitely is headed in the right direction . May God bless her !
 I love Stacie Orrico . I really like So pray and Everything , but theres just so many I like sometimes its hard to pick . Stacie has come out with a book , and I ca n't wait to get it . WAY TO GO STACIE ! BTW for any one who thinks shes like Britney spears is so wrong , her songs have a message , unlike miss Britney Spears .
 Stacie Orrico is the best . Honestly , I downloaded all of her songs on Napster and I loved it . I loved the cd so much , I decided to buy the cd and support her so She will bring out new albums . Family Christian review says She is Destiney 's Child with a Christian theme . I personally think along the lines of Aguilera with a Christian Theme . I am always glad to see young teen artist take a stand for Christ . Some of my favorite songs of hers are Do n't Look at me , Stay True , and Dear Friend . I find myself putting their songs on repeat alot . If you want peak at her cd , goto http://www.launch.com/music/artistpage/1,4391,1048259,00.html -LRB- vocals included -RRB- or http://www.stacieorrico.com/ -LRB- just music , no vocals -RRB- . And Rememeber , If your looking for perfection , do n't look at -LRB- wo -RRB- men , Look at Him .
 Okay , I 'm a sucker for pop music . But the lyrics and personality surrounding the music can detract from it . I do n't mind CCM jumping on the `` teen pop '' bandwagon because the quality of the music and the people is consistently higher . I know that there wo n't be sniping or questionable antics or outfits going on here . And I do n't fill my head with things that distract me from God ! But about this album - fantastic !! I was n't too sure about `` O.O. Baby '' at first , but it 's funky and catchy and it really grew on me . Of course , `` Do n't Look at Me '' is a great song with a very important message to it . My favorite on the album is `` Without Love . '' What an awesome way to meditate on * real * love 's qualities . Think about it - set to music , you can more easily memorize this and it plays through your head , `` Love is patient , true love is always kind , '' little reminders as you go about your day . `` Stay True '' has attitude , but of course it 's for the right reason - NO you wo n't pull me away from Jesus ! And I also love `` Dear Friend . '' What a beautiful encouraging song . This album is definitely worth buying .
 I became interested in Stacie when I heard her first single `` Do n't Look At Me '' . She has an amazing voice for a 14 year-old , not to mention catchy tunes and great lyrics ! `` Dear Friend '' is a really wonderful song written entirely by Stacie and produced by Michael W. Smith . Some of her more fast beat songs I did n't like as well , but generally I enjoyed the album . I would definately recommend Stacie as an alternative to Britney Spears or Christina Aguilera . Her voice is at least as good if not better than both of theirs .
 I had the opportunity to hear Stacie live in concert and meet her personally . She is very tender hearted , kind and is a wonderful christian . Hearing Stacie 's vocal abilities live puts her right up there with the talents of Brittney , Mandy , Jessica and Christina . She could have chosen to be a success in the secular music world but she remained true to her walk and talent with God . Stacie has a huge impact and I have no doubt that God 's gift to her will carry her for years to come . Brett .
 Stacie Orrico 's voice is one sent from God . Her music and her voice remind me very much of Brittney Spears and Mandy Moore only with a christian prospective . The best song on the CD is `` Do n't Look at Me '' . This CD is a must have for all pop lovers !
 When Stacie Orrico entered my musical palette , I was forever changed . At last , here was a fresh , young singer with an amazing voice and a musical sound that was exactly what I wanted to hear . Although my tastes have dramatically changed over the years , Orrico 's debut album of silky-smooth R&B ; grooves and pop anthems that rivals the best teen pop of the day continues to make its way to my CD player from time to time.The first impact Orrico makes is her voice . It is amazingly strong and assured for a then 14-year old , with a bold , gospel-like vibrato that fits well with the soulful production . Songs like `` Ride '' and `` With A Little Faith '' are cookout-friendly jams , while `` So Pray '' and `` Genuine , '' are certain to induce feet-tapping from the most fickle of listeners . Coupled with clean , spiritual lyrics that are parent-approved , Stacie Orrico 's `` Genuine '' is a must-have .
 I think stacie orrico , s music is awsome i don , t go to church at all because in Australia we don , t have much of religion here but after hearing this album i think i , m turning religous.Stacie Orrico has an awsome voice an appearence to fall for what more could you want.I think i , ve fallen in love with her.Great job Stacie .
 If you love the top teen girl singers you will love Staice . I enjoy the current pop music and loved shareing this disk with my 5th grade girl scouts . And I am buying another for my niece .
 This CD is truly Genuine . It is the best CD , that I have ever listened to . You should definatly get it .
 This summer I went to Praise in the Rockies with my mom , and was blown away at the performance by Stacie . I am not a fan of Brittney Spears or Christina A. , and although many would like to compare Stacie to them ... I find Stacie on another level compeletly . Let it be known that this 14 year old writes her own music and in many cases plays the piano along side . Her lyrics have so much more meaning than superficial relationships . She is not a sex object or a pretty face who ca n't sing . I feel strongly about these things , but I would feel great knowing that my younger sister is singing `` Do n't look at me , look at him '' , instead of `` OOOps I did it again '' . We need more uplifting music .
 This CD is Truly Genuine . It is the best CD I have ever listened to . You definatly need to get it it is 6 Stars ! Her voice is so beautiful .
 This CD is totally awesome ! And yes she can really sing . I really like Stacie 's music because , it is from a christian perspective and it is approiate for my age level . Britney Spears and all of those other `` Pop singers '' are really good singers but they are n't christian . I really like them though . Do n't get me wrong I have all of their CD 's too . I also really like Stacie Orrico because , I met her in person at one of her concerts . She 's really nice and a very mature for 14 . By this CD and I almost guarentee that u wo n't regret it !
 If you enjoy Mariah Carey , Aguilera , Spears etc. , and you would like to hear tunes with more spunk , more creativity , and more message , get this album.The song writing , instumentation , engineering , and producing , all combine a great team with an absolutely stunning performance given by Stacie Orrico . If it were n't for the `` dangerous '' Christain messages in these songs , Stacie would clearly top the charts in the secular world of music.Out of 14 full-length songs there are 10 that I can NOT yet grow tired of . Stacie shows true confidence in her voice deservingly . She even sings her own backround vocals on much of the album . Her biggest problem now will be to keep up the high standard she has already set . My 3 top favorites are the haunting `` Without Love '' , the joyful `` With a Little Faith '' , and the driven `` Holdin ' On '' .
 This debut is not perfect . It 's very pleasant though . There is some filler here -LRB- like most of the interludes -RRB- but generally the songs are nice to listen to and I say if you like pop songs of praise from a female perspective then you will probably be happy . The songs are generally pop but Stacie riffs and sings like a black girl -LRB- and that 's not necessarily a bad thing -RRB- . Think JoJo from Blackground Records but without the sexed up image . Stacie co-wrote `` Do n't Look At Me '' and the beautiful `` Genuine '' and also wrote `` Dear Friend '' herself at the tender age of 13 ! I was n't doing that at that age ! Talent . Anyway , my favorite tracks are `` Confidant '' , `` Without Love '' , `` Genuine '' , `` Restore My Soul '' and the aforementoned `` Dear Friend '' . These tracks are all quite beautiful and honestly as an agnostic who does n't believe in God but ca n't be sure , these songs still touch my soul . It must be the way Orrico sings them . Also , most of the beats are hot . I think my least favorite song is probably `` O.O. Baby '' but that 's only because of the really weird beat . It actually is sharp on the ears when listening with headphones and I do n't know what the producer was thinking when he worked on it . I like the song otherwise though.I really like Stacie . At first I was afraid to delve into her albums even though I liked and heard her first two singles from her second self-titled album way back when . I was scared that I would n't like them but I ended up liking all 3 of her current albums out . I ca n't wait for her to release her 4th studio album next year either ! It was promised this year but I 'm sure it 'll get pushed back .4.4 stars .
 Genuine was genuinely good . Young Stacie did a great job , and I would have pegged her as the voice of the future . I do n't know what happened in the later years but this here album was very blessed . I love the songs on here . Great job for a little kid .
 I confess , I was somewhat skeptical of the talents of a 14 yr . old girl ... but I pretty much had my socks blown off when I heard Stacie 's CD . It 's a great listen , and will have you dancing in front of your mirror and singing along after the first listen-through . The catchy lyrics and R&B rhythms are fantastic and the songs really reflect well the conflicts of a teenage girl who has a relationship with God ... she 's not just singing about stuff she ca n't relate to . I 'd recommend this to anyone .
 As a 14 year old girl , Stacie definitely knows how to use her talents for the glory of God . Her strong vocals make this pop/r & b ; debut album , a favorite among teenagers everywhere ! When Stacie was 12 years old , she sang in a vocal competition at an annual event known as Seminar in the Rockies , a musical festival with concerts , competitions and workshops in Estes Park , Colorado . Little did she know that tons of young hopefuls trained for a year for this competition in hopes of landing a record deal . To her surprise , she won the competition and was offered a record deal with Forefront Records by one of the judges , Eddie DeGarmo . From then on , it 's history . Her family moved to Nashville , Tennessee where she began the process of becoming a music star and a role model for girls everywhere!Here is my take on the album :1 . RideRide is a fast-pace upbeat song that talks about how God will always be by your side . `` You can just chill / 'Cause God 's been with you every step '' .2 . Do n't Look At MeThis song was an immediate hit at the radio stations . It 's an urban/pop style song that puts emphasis on the fact that you should n't be looking at her if you 're looking for perfection . She states that though she is n't the one to look to for everything , she can help point you in the right direction .3 . O.O BabyThis techno/pop song talks about how God 's plan can be confusing but if you just ask , God will tell you `` What has brought us this far and what 's gon na make it last '' .4 . Without LoveOne of my favorites , this song comes straight out of 1 Corinthians 13 . `` If I speak in the tongues of angels/But have not love I 'm only a resounding noise/If I have the gift of knowledge/And if my faith moves mountains high but has not love/I am nothing '' . The soothing , yet upbeat sound is definitely a winner and a favorite among many .5 . Stay TrueThe slight rock emphasis in this song makes it a bit different than the others but keeps with the theme of pop/r & b ; at the same time . It talks about staying true to God . `` I 'm gon na stay true/I do n't want someone new/I 'm gon na stay true to you / '' .6 . Kum-ba-ya - -LRB- Interlude -RRB- This is one of 3 cute interludes on the record . This is one of Stacie singing `` Kum-ba-ya '' as a young girl . She claims that her mother gave her a recorder when she was 3 and Stacie would go around the house recording herself talking and singing .7 . GenuineDefinitely one of the most popular songs on the album . Combining a mix of pop and r & b ; once again , Stacie sings about the main point in her album , being genuine with yourself and others . `` What you need is something genuine/What you want is something real/What you need is something truthful/I know you do/I know you do/I know you do / 'Cause I need it too '' . She goes on to sing `` You cry yourself to sleep/Sleep at night but once the night is gone and you prepare to face a brand new day/You hide yourself behind that mastermind/You 're in disguise/It 's as if you 're trying to put a mask on your pain/You do n't know who you are , what you 're about , where are ya now/You 're becoming someone that you do n't want to be/You 're trying so hard to fit in '' .8 . With a Little FaithMore pop-styled , this song speaks of how with a little faith and a little love , you can make it through .9 . My Name - -LRB- Interlude -RRB- Another one of her cute interludes , this is one of Stacie just simply repeating her name `` Hi , my name is Stacie/Stacie Orrico/Stacie Joy Orrico/Hi , my name is Stacie Orrico ... '' so on and so forth . With a little bit of editing , they made it a cute little moment .10 . So PrayThis song simply speaks about praying for each other when you 're going through rough times . There are a few different sounds going on during this song that make it stand out from the others whether that 's a good or a bad thing , it 's up to your judgement .11 . Holdin ' OnThis is a great song that definitely speaks to me . Stacie sings about how things can tempt you and turn you back to your old ways that you left behind and how you need to hold on to God and he 'll embrace you and see you through .12 . Restore My SoulAnother one of my favorites , this song is definitely one that lifts you up when you 're feeling low . `` With a single prayer/You restore my soul/When life 's not fair/I know where to go/To renew my strength/To keep moving on/I 'll never be alone/With a single prayer/You restore my soul '' . It 's poppish feel continues to carry on with the theme of pop/r & b ; with an urban touch .13 . ConfidantThis song has pop tunes with some cute chimes in the background . It speaks of confiding in God and how He is your confidant , you 'll never find a more faithful friend . Very sweet song .14 . EverythingI love this song soo much ! It 's a beautiful song that Stacie wrote to her future husband . It is definitely a tear-jerker and one that I hold close to my heart .15 . Replay - -LRB- Interlude -RRB- This is our last interlude , one that is of Stacie getting a call from a friend who needs to talk .16 . Dear FriendOne of Stacie 's other tear jerkers this one I also hold close to my heart . Stacie wrote this song for her best friend Sonya who dealt with anorexia . I often use the lyrics from this song when my friends are feeling terrible or just to make myself feel better . `` I know you do n't feel pretty/Even though you are/But it was n't your beauty that found room in my heart/Dear Friend/You are so special dear friend . '' She goes on to say `` Dear friend/I feel so helpless/I see you sit in silence/As you face new pain each day/I feel there 's nothing I can do . `` I hope this has been a helpful review ! And I hope you will enjoy this album as much as I have . : -RRB-
 After I bought her sophomore album , I decided to buy this album as well . When I first listen to it , I love it instantly . I thought it was really good . Stacie looks very beautiful and cute on this album cover . I wish I could look like that ! 1 -RRB- Ride - This song is like hearing Timberland and Aaliyah . 5/52 -RRB- Do n't Look At Me - This song is the BEST ! She gives you a very answer ! Do n't turn to her for encouragement , turn to HIM . 10/53 -RRB- Baby - This song is my favorite and the beats is so cool . 10/54 -RRB- Without Love - Nice . 4/55 -RRB- Stay True - Her vocals are very girly and sassy as the lyrics speak for itself . 5/56 -RRB- Kum-Ba-Yah -LRB- Interlude -RRB- - Stacie is singing this song as a young child .7 -RRB- Genuine - For some reason , I 'm thinking of Christina Aguilera when I heard this song . Maybe it 's because the beats in this song sound late 90ish . But I Love Love Love this song . I like how this song is saying staying true to yourself . 10/58 -RRB- With A Little Faith - Another favorite of mines . I like how this song is very easy to listen to and it perfectly sets the mood as it encourages people to have faith in God . 10/59 -RRB- My Name -LRB- Interlude -RRB- 10 -RRB- So Pray - Very cute little song . And I like the soulful feeling in this song . 5/511 -RRB- Holdin ' On - Good 5/512 -RRB- Restore My Soul - Nice song to listen to . 5/513 -RRB- Confidant - Awww ... the beats is so easygoing and breathtaking . 10/514 -RRB- Everything - She wishes on the same things I do . Life really sucks ! 6/515 -RRB- Replay -LRB- Interlude -RRB- 16 -RRB- Dear Friend - This song is dedicated to her cousin who died from cancer , I think . Yes , it 's a sad song . 5/5I give this album 10/10 .
 this cd is off the chain . the girl 's voice is incredible and , in my educated Christian opinion , prodding enough to get young people interested -LRB- at the very LEAST -RRB- in hearing what Christ has to say . we all need to get to know that Man , and she 's letting people know it . her voice is fantastic . i hope that she continues to use it for God 's glory .
 I bought this Cd after hearing Stacie 's hits , `` Do n't look at me '' , `` Without love , '' and `` With a little faith '' . I was suprised to find that most of the other songs have a different style . I still like `` Do n't look at me '' best , but I have found `` 0.0 baby '' , `` Genuine '' , and `` Stay True '' in my group of favorites . I was kind of dissapointed because I was expecting a different style of music . This is leans toward urban , something I 'm not used to . But after listening to it a few more times , I like it more ! It took some getting used to , but i really like most all the songs . Stacie , I 'm looking forward to your next CD !
 i 'm usually really skeptical about pop music . if that pop sound is comin ' outa the radio , ya got ta listen to the lyrics ! Stacie sounds alot like Christina agulara , but i often question christina 's meaning behind her lyrics , like in Genie in a bottle `` if ya wan na be with me '' and `` ya got ta rub me the right way '' really make me ask questions . when i listen to Stacie 's album i know that what i 'm listening to is clean and pleasing to God . this is defenitly the cd to buy , because everybody knows that you eventually memorize what you listen to no matter if you mean to or not . that also influences your thoughts . do n't ask any more questions , just buy this cd right now !
 This CD is amazing ! Her voice talent is amazing ! She will remind you of Britney Spears , or Christina Aguilera , I also feelA little bit of Mariah Carey in this CD ! I would reccomend it to any one !
 I got this cd on sale , and I love it ! It 's very good!Ride - 5/5 Very good song ! I love it!Don ' t look at me - 10/5 MY FAV ON THE WHOLE CD !!!! Great song ! 0.0 Baby - 4.5 / 5 This song is really good!Without Love - 5/5 Love it!Stay True - 6/5 I love this song !!!!!!! Genuine - 5/5 Good song!With a Little Faith - 5/5 This is another good song !!! So Pray - 4/5 Good!Holdin ' On - 4/5Restore my Soul - 4/5Confidant - 5/5Everything - 5/5 Good song!Dear Friend - 4/5Overall I love this CD !!!!!!!!! The interludes are creepy , but other than that , I love it !!!!!!
 This CD has a great mordern Pop feel , and still keeps the lyrics clean . It just goes to show you , young performers CAN be entertaining WITHOUT all the raunchiness .
 Stacie puts her heart into her songs and they are filled with joyous praises and lessons on the lord . It 's definitely worth the money and this is truly an inspirational CD ! It can put you in a good mood with just one song ! She has a lot of quality to her voice and knows what she wants to express in her music ! Yay Stacie , buy this CD !
 As a historic re-enactor , I 'm always looking for good music . I also liked the 1 click purchase feature and downloads.You do n't get liner notes . This is something Amazon should work on!I would recommend this to folks who enjoy the period .
 This one really rates about a 31/2 . It aint his best collection ... but ... if you dig Slim , give it a try . For me his 1958 `` Rides Again '' is his best !!! -LRB- but then again , I buy almost all of his stuff . There was only one Slim -RRB- .
 If you 're looking to keep the party moving without missing a beat , pick up this disc . It 's slightly better than the `` Poolside '' cd that was released last year .
 The mixes on both the cd 's are excellent . But disc 2 really stands out for me . Do n't expext to listen to either one of these cd 's and keep still , it 's virtually impossible!I 'm an avid fan of house music , and know quality when I hear it . Both DJ 's do an excellent job of conveying the `` Beach '' vibe on this compliation . Close your eyes and you can almost taste Miami : -RRB- Keep an eye out for Justin Michael and Darwin ... they are putting out some of the best funky and soulful house sounds today .
 This very well might be the greatest cinematic score of them all . All the magic of Cocteau 's visual elements is more than matched by the magic of this music . Even if I had no idea what was supposed to be happening on the screen during each musical segment , I would still play this CD over and over . But knowing the film as I do , my enjoyment is increased many times over . Since most copies of the film have somewhat poor sound-tracks , I am extremely grateful to Marco Polo for making this studio recreation available . And in case you are wondering about THAT OTHER recording , the Philip Glass score does not even come close ! It is amusing on its own terms , but the Auric score is great music on ITS own terms . See if you can spot the influences on this composer . -LRB- Hint
 Getting right to the numbers . On a scale of five and rounding up , I 'd rate the CD at 4-1/2 stars -LRB- five because it 's the only modern recording of this marvelous film score ; four for performance ; and four for sound quality -RRB- . The music conjures up in the mind 's eye scenes from what is one of the most stunning films of the post-war 40 's and , very likely , of all time . For sure , it 's Jean Cocteau 's finest cinematic poem . Like the film , the score as performed here seems magical , light as a souffle , haunting , emotional , and delicately beautiful -- clearly , a tour de force for your ears ! For film enthusiasts who love the film -LRB- like myself -RRB- , your life will never be complete until you have this CD ! For those who love films , but have not yet seen Cocteau 's masterpiece , you might as well get the CD now because this task will go straight to the top of your `` Things I Got ta Do Today '' list immediately after you 've seen the film . And for those who are familiar with Mr. Auric 's scores -LRB- say , from Cocteau 's The Blood of a Poet -LRB- 1930 -RRB- or William Wyler 's Roman Holiday -LRB- 1953 -RRB- -RRB- or are just casual listeners to film music , you will not be disappointed by this recording .
 For years I have searched for this masterpiece of Jean Cocteau , in which a Beauty , coming from a world overdressed with detail , objects and accessories , uncovers the beauty of the Beast 's world , incredibly minimalist but moving with its surrealism . This soundtrack composed by Georges Auric is a real pleasure to listen to for those who saw the film because it enables them to remember numerous film scenes -LRB- ex
 This CD is great as it is and I accept it for what it is . For me , the only thing better would be to have the music taken directly off the master tapes or film print . When I buy and listen to soundtrack recording CDs of older films , I usually do n't like re-recordings because they often sound too sterilized and contemporary . Which is why I like the recording quality of this CD . It actually sounds appropriate for the time period - AS IT SHOULD . I was surprised to discover it was recorded in 1994 because it manages to maintain the aura of Cocteau 's film rather well . I do n't know how other reviewers can rate the performances on this CD . Do they know the score inside and out ? Can they do a better job ? Was there perhaps a misplayed note somewhere ? If so , I 've been too busy reliving memories of the film -LRB- through the music -RRB- to notice or care . If you 're a big fan of Jean Cocteau and/or the original Beauty And The Beast film , this CD is a must-have .
 In the interest of preserving peace in our home , my mom gave me my own little black & white TV when I was nine , an act that some might consider a blow against Western Civilization . But I was a weird kid , and I did n't spend much time watching game shows . I was hooked on movies , so Bill Thompson 's Channel 5 -LRB- in Phoenix , AZ -RRB- got a lot of my business . We also had a good local PBS station , and that 's where I discovered Jean Cocteau 's Beauty And The Beast . I accidentally tuned in during the scene where Beauty is running through the Beast 's castle , a haunting , silent sequence that runs at a dreamlike pace . Then the Beast steps out of the shadows and confronts Beauty . She faints , and the music starts up again.Any thought I had of changing the channel was forgotten.When I started collecting albums , I searched for this soundtrack . My search lasted for 30 years , because Beauty And The Beast did n't have a soundtrack album . It was n't until after the death of the composer , Georges Auric , that someone was going through his papers and found the score . Now I own two different recordings -LRB- this one and the NAXOS recording -RRB- . The score works both as a soundtrack and a classical suite . In turns it 's haunting , romantic , heartbreaking , playful , transcendent , and triumphant . You 'll like it even if you have n't seen Cocteau 's film - and if you have seen it , hearing this music will evoke wonderful memories .
 An eclectic mix of acoustic and synthesized jazz improvisation.Not a single bad cut on this CD . If you 've ever wondered about the music on the Weather Channel , here is the answer . But it is much more than background music . This is a wonderful collection of very original works by the artist Ficara -LRB- Sue Hurd -RRB- . If you are like me , you will wish that many of the songs were longer . You have to listen to this one over and over . Get the later CD entitled Stormy Weather as well . It is just as good , with all new original music .
 Anderson followed up his debut with an equally strong album . By this time the formula for future Anderson albums was in place
 I waited years for the vinyl to finally be released on cd . John Anderson is the real deal . This is what country sounds like without the glitter . Drawing from originals like Lefty Frizzell , Anderson 's vocals are authentic ; haunting on the sad songs . Great musicianship . I highly recommend it .
 Most of you looking at this page are probably familiar with the music already . This early album from Tuxedomoon is avant garde underground art rock that manages to be surprisingly accessible , and paved the way for many alternative artists in the early 80 's to venture into new styles with more than just conventional rock instruments . Although originating in San Francisco , the band has a strong European musical/theatrical sensibilty.For the collectors , Desire/No Tearsis what I received upon ordering from the page for the US release , which is fine , that 's what I wanted anyway . It is the 2003 reissue in a slipcase on which the image is of a person holding the original LP . The label or distributer added two barcode stickers on the case , one of which covers the printed barcode , a different number . I did manage to remove one without tearing the glossy paper cover , luckily .
 Excusme , but i do n`t speak english , so I ca n`t say i ` m think about disc disc , bau i ` m like very much . Thanks
 Before I forget , it 's `` politics ARE '' not `` politics is '' OK ? There , now I also live in Indianapolis which , by the way , has become a Democratic stronghold in the flat strangeness of the American Midwest -LRB- regardless of what the local -LSB- shudder -RSB- newspaper might say -RRB- . I look forward to hearing the record and , like many Indiana residents , put my support squarely behind anything that hints of the violent overthrow of the US government . Now , in the tradition of Nick and other Pilot fans everywhere , I have to go and review an Ann -LSB- shudder -RSB- Coulter book I have n't read .
 A bit of a `` return to his own roots '' effort in that Ry : -LRB- a -RRB- sings in a style I remember him most for , that is , in a straightforward unstrained manner , as he did on his great earlier albums , and -LRB- b -RRB- brings back to his arena some political folk sentiments , some Woody Guthrie/Pete Seeger style sprinklings along the way.And he also brings along something rather new for him , a concept album built along a developing lyrical theme . So we have a story line that runs the length of the album.As always , excellent sidemen and women bring invaluable contributions . But my first thought on hearing this was that Ry was letting his own voice take its rightful place in the mix again , while still allowing room for the guests and -LRB- of course -RRB- his own string playing .
 Who else would even think of making an album like Buddy ? The 30s union and fellowship songs remind me of Into the Purple Value and other earlier albums which are amazing works of art , so incredibly original and unique!This time Ry Cooder has produced another long album with wonderful songs and instrumental accompaniments . Some of the singing reminds you of the singing on certain songs on Chavez Ravine , another unique work by Ry.Do buy this one if you like truly original projects !
 The music is superb . The lyrics/stories contained are not nostalgic , per se , but rather a reminder of a time when social consciousness was admirable and brave . This ranks with Cooder 's best . As with Chavez Ravine , it 's not for everyone , but for most folks who enjoy musical craftsmanship and also having their intellects tweaked a little , remembering the past and reframing their concept of the present , it 's sheer pleasure . Better luck next time , Nick .
 `` Buddy '' , for me , was an aquired taste . The lack of drums or a strong backbeat on many of the tunes along with some rough vocals initially had me wondering what I had gotten myself in to . However ... when I realized that this album is rough by design -LRB- intended to mirror the 1930 's folk genre ala Woody Guthrie et al -RRB- and I developed an understanding of the story line and it 's characters , I soon began to realize that this is a musical and political masterpiece.I ca n't stop listening to it . `` Buddy '' is chock full of great catchy folky tunes written in the spirit and style of the day . It boasts sensational guitar parts , wonderful sidemen , and pure craftsmanship . Ry wrote all but two of the tunes and interweaves them extremely well.In an era where super slick production and recording techniques lead to recordings that are so perfect they defy the listener to find a even a miniscule glitch in them , this album may take a little adjusting to initially , but it 's well worth it . Under that rough exterior lies a real musical gem.Nice work Mr. Cooder .
 I sort of stumbled upon Ry 's musical tableux by accident . Sort one of those ` what the heck is that ? ' kind of eyebrow knitting response . Then I bought two more CD 's . If your tastes trend to refined , polished music , then you will be a little startled-sort of like agreeing to go to a nightclub with an old friend , only to discover that he is fond of honky tonks , midwestern taverns , and Texas Roadhouse bars , complete with blue smoke hanging heavy in the air , boards creaking under your feet , and `` available '' women a little too painted up for your tastes . -LRB- `` painted woman
 This record feels like kismet for a number of reasons . Superficially , I guess , because I had a cat named Buddy at one time . Plus , this is Ry Cooder , who , along with Bob Dylan , has been showing their fans , and the newly inducted , that they are by no means finished in the world of song . With `` Modern Times , '' Dylan reaffirmed himself as an old god of rock and roll , with an apparently preternatural connection to the likes of Memphis Minnie and Sonny Boy Williamson.Here , Ry Cooder is rambling back through history -LRB- American history and the history of song in general -RRB- . He 's showing us why the old topical folk songs -LRB- as well as genre-bending variety -RRB- were , and are great
 Ry Cooder is back with his story about Buddy The Cat - who sees the hardships and social changes of Dustbowl era . Songs work well as stories of an immigrant and also bring about the spirit of Ry 's earlier album ` Boomer 's Story ' . These are stories of wandering people who face the curse of drifting but feel that it is also their only blessing!Musically , the album has a lot of Tom Waits-like field recording lo-fi touch in it . Cooder does a great job in singing but what I really miss are few nice slide guitar solos that are n't really promoted in these songs.Refreshing guest artist is singer Juliette Commagere of Hello Stranger - lovely voice that adds to the jazzy , airy spirit in couple of the songs.Ry fans wo n't be disappointed . Everybody else . . you 'll spot a fascinating story that is covered with great musicianship , imagination and great album art !
 Strong shades of Jimmie Rogers -LRB- The Singing Brakeman -RRB- and Woody Guthrie . Old as dust and sounds like the rural '30s but as current as today for anyone with a little imagination . Spectacular as Cooder almost always is !
 This CD is a masterpiece . The book is an excellent addition to the CD . The best album I have listened to in years . Definitely political , thought provoking , great music . Thanks Ry , my new hero .
 Great Cd , great music , story , moral . Its all there . It has a message that people need to learn and follow . It 's about the people who made this country , and about those who are trying their best to make it a better country now . It 's a story all of us should know . If I can keep the message in my mind all of the time , I think it would make me a better person .
 ry 's best in along time . great story line wonderfull tunes . shows he 's the master of modern american roots-folk .
 Strong shades of Jimmie Rogers -LRB- The Singing Brakeman -RRB- and Woody Guthrie . Old as dust and sounds like the rural '30s but as current as today for anyone with a little imagination . Spectacular as Cooder almost always is !
 As long as we 're pushing stars -LRB- or a lack thereof -RRB- before the CD is even out of the gate , I 'll join in too . I remember Ry 's work in the 70 's -LRB- `` Chicken Skin '' , `` Purple Valley '' , and `` Paradise and Lunch '' -RRB- and I expect this to be every bit as good . He 's just telling us some forgotten history , Nick , and when you actually hear it , I think you 'll find that he does so with a sense of humor . And there is quite a lineup of musicians . Let 's face it - Ry Cooder is an icon in our culture , whether certain people agree with his politics or not . He is deserving of the highest respect , and some success along the way . Sniping at his work in public forums to hurt his distribution is cheap and dirty .
 Gee ... thanks for your 2 cents Nicholas in Indianapolis . Sincerely .65 miles to the Northeast of India-no-place , we still remember the voices of those who built this modest country . Sorry you did n't get to the back of your history books in school . Something you could check into.Interesting that Amazon.com allows people to `` review '' an album yet to be released . I gather Nicholas of Naptown got a pre-release version of the cd.Glad that Nick enjoyed the music , I gather music is what CDs are still about . Sorry that politics ruined your day there `` Buddy . `` Muncie `` Magic City '' Indiana here .
 On `` My Name is Buddy , '' Ry Cooder returns to take new inspiration from his best 70s work , from the Dust Bowl ballads of Woody Guthrie , to the Tex-Mex accordion-based music of Flaco Jiminez and the classic R&B of Terry Evans and Bobby King , joined by new friends like Pete Seeger and Cooder 's own son , Joaquin . This concept album tells a story of California history through the eyes of the red cat Buddy , full of striking miners , sundown towns and a ravenous pig named J. Edgar Hoover . It 's to California what `` O Brother '' was to the deep South of the 1930s , and may well be his best yet .
 It 's not many artists that make albums any more , as opposed to groups of their recent song writing efforts . It 's refreshing and terrific . The individual songs are great in themselves , but they shine brightest when one listens to all from beginning to end . Footprints in the Snow is great . Green Dog is terrific . Hell , they 're all good . Just buy this virtuoso effort already.As far as this being too political , I disagree . Brotherhood , justice , friendship , support , tolerance , love - these are all truths and undeniable aspirations . They can not be validly dismissed as polemics .
 Ry Cooder / My Name Is Buddy
 This new album might be strange to some , while others may hail it as an instant classic . I 'm sort of torn between both emotions , primarily due to the subject matter -LRB- which is interesting the first five tracks , but then gets old very quickly -RRB- . Still , for lovers of folk-rock with an unusual twist , this was perhaps one of the more ` out-there ' releases in 2007 . From the cover shot of `` Buddy the Cat '' , it would hard to imagine that the entire album is actually about this one cat . But you read that right . You have a cat , and his best friend , the mouse . Together with a ` Reverend ' , they travel the length and breadth of America . Whether this is a literal or metaphorical journey is never revealed , but we are given some truly unique insights into animal politics , the state of the world , and indeed America as a nation and a breathing soul.This album strongly reminded me of my most favorite album of all time - `` Scarlet 's Walk '' by Tori Amos . On that album , Amos took a cross country trip and each state was awarded a song based on the lead characters ' experiences there . This album is VERY similar to that , but instead of a human , its a cat and mouse that are discovering what life and the nation is all about.However , the lyrics and songwriting here are so clever , that you can juxtapose ` everyman ' wherever the cat is mentioned , and come up with a reasonably spiritual , philosophically entertaining explanation for the entire album . I found this extremely vital to the CD , and ca n't think of any album than `` Scarlet 's Walk '' to compare it to . Yes , the genre here is the dusty , early Americana acoustic folk-rock that Tori Amos could not possibly emulate , but the spirit is the same.A fantastic slice of post-modern , early-Depression-evocating brilliance , all told through the eyes of that most remarkable mammal -LRB- after the dog -RRB- - the cat . Unique , and quite visionary , I think.Four Solid Stars .
 Adorable songs about Buddy the cat who goes on a trip with just hissuitcase . Great old songs . Kind of jazzy with blues undertones . Thestories of Buddy 's journey are timely . Very enjoyable for people wholove Cats and jazz & blues . Love it!Linda
 A life long appreciation of Ry Cooder needs the listener to adapt and be open to the eclectic mix of blues , jazz , tex-mex , hillbilly , folk etc that is Ry Cooder . Here we have a return to the feel of such early work as `` Into the Purple Valley '' but with a theme right out of The Grapes of Wrath and all from an initial idea based on a drawing of Leadbelly with the face of a cat . This is powerful stuff and packaged superbly . Only Ry Cooder can do this and we need him . Bring it on Ry .
 have only listened a few times , and really enjoyed it . am happy to introduce my 18 mo old to new kinds of music .
 love the story line which gets across the message in such a subtle way - who would love a cat named buddy !!
 Ry Cooder has some great albums ; and has a few stinkers too ; but this is my `` new '' favorite . To me the music represents true folk music or original country music - stories ... This is an album everyone should listen to - if you like folk music , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Music and politics do n't mix , just like church and state do n't mix . Lighten up Nick , this is music , not a political attack . I love the concept of this album , although I have n't heard it yet , like Nick , but I will someday real soon.To other readers disturbed by Nick 's review - check out his other reviews , he does n't favor too many things . And the stuff he does like , pop band Pilot - now there 's a band on the cutting edge that I 'm going to rush out and buy ! I actually have a Pilot vinyl recording from long ago , I did n't know they ranked to be put on CD.As of March 14 , I have listened to this disc - and it is very good . One of Mr. Cooders best . Dense , deep , diversified , devilish , didactic , and dedicated to the working man , the downtrodden , the disillusioned , the disenfranchised - stuck on `` d '' words today . Anyhow , any recording with this much of Mike Seeger contributing has got to be one thing - DeLuxe !
 I am not American . Nor do I usually buy this kind of music . I heard a few tracks by accident in a music store . But ... we live in dark times , someone singing about friendship and brotherhood makes me feel that there are some good people out there . Its simple messages warm the heart . If the heart is true , the music is beautiful no matter whether the music is rock , rap ... or in this case American Folk Music .
 Ry Cooder 's latest album is an folk music opera to a rambling cat named Buddy who sleeps in a little suitcase and hobos around America with his best friend , a pro-labor union mouse named Lefty.Huh ? ... come again ? No , Ry Cooder has not lost his mind . Let me assure all doubters that `` My Name Is Buddy '' is not only his most audacious recording to date but arguably his best.Knowing what you do about Ry Cooder 's impeccable musical reputation do you think he 'd risk it all to write a bizarre roots music epic about about a working class hobo cat ? Do n't think too long about the question because the entire idea seems so laughably absurd . It is not our place to question artistic genius.In reality Cooder 's musical statement tells us more about human relations than animal behavior . I can only tell you that you 're missing something very special if you ca n't suspend disbelief and listen to this album on Ry Cooder 's own artistic terms .
 I have been listening to Ry Cooder since 1969 , and have enjoyed many great moments . Every music project he undertakes is always unique and handled with the utmost respect & integrity of the music . `` My Name Is Buddy '' is another jem , unlike anything I have heard from Ry . By surrounding himself with the great traditional musicians - Pete & Mike Seeger , bluegrass mandolin master , Roland White -LRB- the brother of the late Clarence White , both of the legendary Kentucky Colonials & Clarence was a member of the Byrds fame -RRB- , Tex Mex accordian mastro Flaco Jimenez , Chieftains ' Paddy Maloney , and other veteran pros , this is a GREAT collection of american music.By telling the story through Buddy Red Cat , Lefty mouse , and Reverend Tom Toad , it offers an amusing and tearful journey of friendship and hardship in their travels . This is a collection of tunes that seem to have a story riding often on familiar traditional melodies , with some pretty interesting grooves bouncing along too . `` Three Chords & The Truth '' jumps & grinds in a funky groove . `` Footprints In The Snow '' tackles bluegrass with a Tex-Mex added accordian . Another favorite is `` One Cat , One Vote , One Beer '' . After several listens I find that every song fits perfectly and becomes classic Cooder - a touch of this , a dash of that , mix it all together and get real American music . Do n't pass on this one . This should get another award for Ry Cooder . I thank him I wish him the very best - Rob .
 Wow ... what an album ! Cooder acts as a modern day Alan Lomax , taking the listener on a journey through the old America of farm labor rights , political scandal , communist fear and dusty towns , all narrated by characters of the most peculiar and endearing sort . But , not only is this a journey through American history , but American music as well . The songs styles range from folk , jazz , country , blues , rock n'roll , bluegrass and tex-mex . . all played excellently by Cooder 's familiar crew of musicians -LRB- including Mike Seeger , Flaco Jimenez , Joachim Cooder , Van Dyke Parks and Jim Keltner -RRB- . But perhaps the most striking thing about the album is that not only is it a fascinating and thought provoking look at old America , it doubles as a brilliant commentary on our own current society , rich with thoughtful musings and important ideas that should be addressed ; and in today 's world of over-the-top and incredibly one-sided political commentary , this album is a breath of fresh air as well as an hour of beautiful music .
 And when you do `` get it '' , it is astonishing . `` My Name is Buddy '' is a great collection . Period . It is another amazing work of art by the master , Ryland P.Now , here 's the thing about Ry Cooder . After all the years of simply superb music , he is still not well known to the average listener . To many , he 's some shadowy cat with a cool name . Many of those who I introduced to his music became instant fans . This is not for the casual listener who will never `` get it '' ... but then neither is Van Dyke Parks , for that matter . This is a true artists with concepts , visions and the virtuosity to realize these goals.To give `` My Name is Buddy '' 5 stars is to minimize the perfection of `` Into The Purple Valley '' , `` Chicken Skin Music '' , `` Talking Timbuktu '' , `` Mambo Sinuendo '' and only about a gross of other tracks -LRB- Did somebody say `` Let 's Burn Down The Cornfield '' by Randy Newman ? -RRB- . Do n't misunderstand me , `` My Name is Buddy '' is choice and miles beyond much of the aural drek served up today . It 's just that Cooder standard is so high , these things are hard to measure.And yes , while I am a long-time devoted fan , I do find that sometimes his `` cartoonish '' vocals are a bit too mannered , bordering upon parody -LRB- read `` Down in Hollywood '' -RRB- , but it does n't bother me in the least on this cd as it helps to advance and color the storyline.Here 's what you have to do . You have to lay down , close your eyes and let the story unfold in your head . What you will visualize is a time-warp story tinged with all the genres , styles , politics and attitudes that form America - what we say we are and what we really are . And that , dear friends , is a beautiful thing.Flaco , Van Dyke , Paddy and the Seegers add wonderful colors . Keltner gives another brilliant performance of a drummer as a lyrical soloist -LRB- this guy is the best rhythm section on the planet . -RRB- Cooder plays great . He throws little fills and riffs out that others would save and put in a scrapbook.You like music for intelligent people ? You like Van Dyke Parks , Los Lobos , Hal Willner productions , The Subdudes or Little Feat -LRB- with Lowell -RRB- ? You like this , too . Buy it right now .
 This is an amazing disc . Much like his early work -LRB- Into the Purple Valley , Boomer 's Story , etc. -RRB- , this song cycle recreates the dust bowl era in modern sonic terms and musical language . It combines folk , jazz , blues , and protest songs into a charming , intelligent and entertaining mixture . If you are a fan of classic American music and clever storytelling , then this is the CD for you . It 's the aural equivalent of some of Steinbeck 's novels -LRB- ` The Grapes of Wrath ' and ` Travels With Charlie ' come to mind -RRB- , crossed with ` The Wind in the Willows ' . That may sound like an odd mixture , but the results are wonderful.As in the best American folk music of the era Cooder is recreating , these songs are political motivated , socially aware and purposefully accessible to a wide group of people . His take on this form would do Woody Guthrie proud . This is the best musical purchase I 've made in quite a while .
 Once again , Ry Cooder revisites the things that mean the most to him ; social justice , displacement of the poor and a time when music had tangible origins . Through a red cat named Buddy he explores Hobo songs , miners and union songs , the fight for civil rights and dignity . And then there is a brief re-occuring theme of a space ship landing at an opportune time ... It comes complete with a beautifully illustrated book about Buddy 's travels with his friends and acts as a footnote to the songs . It is a simple premise and obviously a labor of love beautifully executed and is not for the hard of heart . This is front porch music with old friends the likes of Flaco Jimenez and Paddy Malone . We need more people in our lives like Ry Cooder .
 I am listening to this CD as I write and it is great . To give this music 1 star because you do n't like the politics , ouch , what is that about . These are real events in our past whether you want to admit it or not , besides the songs are wonderful regardless of the political point of view . Highly recommended . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 As an avid music fan with an abiding interest in the origins of popular music , I was again astounded by Ry Cooders ability to depict graphically the mood and sounds of the 30 's . He has continually explored the origins of music from Africa to Cuba to Mexico to early America with consumate ease . My Name Is Buddy is only available on import in Australia and not for general release so I am proud to have my copy included in my collection . I trust that he , and others , continue to explore our musical roots and Ry Cooder remains as one of the Four or five artists who have had a profound effect on my musical knowledgePaul Thomas Australia
 Ry Cooder has held a special place in my head and heart for several decades , I have never been disappointed in his work . Every album has been a new adventure , a journey to new a place somewhat real and somewhat imagined . There are a couple of things about `` Buddy '' that I find interesting , maybe a bit telling . This is the third album he has used the UFO idea in a song , 1982 's ` Slide Area ' opens with `` A UFO Has Landed In The Ghetto '' , 2005 's masterful ` Chavez Ravine ' has `` El UFO Cayo '' and 2007 's ` My Name Is Buddy ' has `` Green Dog . '' `` Green Dog '' also strongly recalls `` My Little Town '' from ` Chavez Ravine ' even using using some of the same lyrics . As usual , the musicianship and production values are without parallel , the freshness of some of the writing is suspect , though .
 An excellent addition to Ry Cooder . I enjoyed all the songs . He remains unique and as always the standard is excellent .
 This is the best album I have heard in a long time . Let 's hope history is not repeating itself . The concept of the Buddy story is unique and scarey
 And maybe that is part of Ry 's point.Ry Cooder seems to be able to find the wonderful diversity of our world lurking under the notes . He plays and out comes ... the heat of the desert as desperation in Paris , Texas , ... the saucy spirit of persistence in Buena Vista Social Club , the fun `` Oh I forgot how happy music makes me '' in Chicken Skin Music . There are so many . And whats amazing is that there is hardly an album or soundtrack that you do n't listen to - I mean really listen.This is another amazing effort . Full of depression and unionizations references . There is Buddy -LRB- the buddy system -RRB- , Lefty -LRB- left - get it -RRB- , J. Edgar the pig -LRB- you can do this one yourself -RRB- . Characters , good and bad , the truck drivers , the Klan -LRB- Republiklans -RRB- , the poll police -LRB- the man -RRB- and the wonderful farmer 's daughter.I think the message could have been stronger . Pete Seeger is definitely part of the inspiration . He was master of the alagory - but he had to be . Those were the days when the man would pop out of nowhere and you would be gone -LRB- maybe lost to the coyotes -RRB- . Seeger let his listener pull the power of the issue out of his prose . Ry Cooder could have been abit more `` in our face '' with these issues . ` Chavez Ravine ' proves he has a punch.But - fear not - this is too good to pull back a star . Listen to it and tell the younger folks that there were times when it was hard - really hard - to find the bright side .
 I do like the atmosphere on this CD . It brings back memories of the folk mmusic from when I was young -LRB- sixties , early seventies . I also like lyrics and his views on society .
 I have never bought an album that is more fun to listen to . It is a story of the life experiences of a red cat , Buddy , told in the first person . Buddy is a socialist-populist troubadour in the Woody Guthrie tradition who sets out alone , hitching a ride on the train that passes by his parents hardscrabble dirt farm in Oklahoma . But his ventures into Hank Williams country , zydeco , blues , soul , and classical jazz are also all amazingly good , and demonstrate the broad range and talent of Mr. Cooder . The lyrics are captivating and clever - every sentence has a message . I had not been a Ry Cooder fan and have previously had only limited exposure to his music .
 This CD is great . It 's funny and sad and timely and creative . I got a red/orange kitten and named him Buddy two weeks after receiving my CD from Amazon . He 's going to be a great cat , I just want him to stick around and not go travelin ' !
 I heard about the CD with clips and an interview with Ry Cooder on NPR and immediately ordered it . The book and CD are just great . As a union member myself I was glad to have a musical record of some of the history of the movement , which has not been taught for years in the schools . Buddy and his friends journey across a dusty and violent America and try to find work . The pictures on the story book are priceless . The travelers have many adventures , and Buddy gets thrown in jail for being `` red , '' such a great joke on the union busters . Enjoy ! I sent another copy to my brother in California , he loves it too .
 My wife and I both truly enjoyed My Name Is Buddy by Ry Cooder and friends . Its got a great guest appearances by Flaco Jimenz and some other great musicians and the story is witty and deep . The music is vaired with folk , blues , a touch of rock , and Latin music influences . We highly recommend you get this cd and listen to it !
 Cooder 's best work of the last 10 years . A must have for me .
 Born on the Greek island of Corfu as Vassiliki Papathanassiou , Vicky spent some time there and in Athens before her family moved to Germany when she was still a small child . As a teenager , Vicky began a long run of success in her adopted country , Messer Gabel Schere Licht becoming the first of many top thirty hits in the German charts between 1965 and 1977 . After that , there were three lesser hits before one final top thirty hit in 1982 -LRB- Verlorenes Paradies , the only German single not included here -RRB- . Vicky was popular in several other European countries , particularly Belgium and the Netherlands , but she was always more popular in Germany than anywhere else.Most of Vicky 's German hits are original songs including her only number one -LRB- Theo wir fahr 'n nach Lodz -RRB- , but she also had notable hits with covers of L'amour est bleu -LRB- Love is blue -RRB- , Wo ist er -LRB- My sweet lord -RRB- and Auf wiedersehn ihrcfreunde mein -LRB- Amazing grace -RRB- . Although it did n't chart , I must also mention Vicky 's duet with Demis Roussos -LRB- Je t ` aime mon amour -RRB- , which is included.Of course , her most successful song outside Germany was her 1972 Eurovision winner , Apres toi , which topped the charts in Belgium and the Netherlands and did well in several other countries . Curiously , it peaked at eleven in Germany . Translated into English as Come what may , it made number two in the UK charts but that version is not included here , nor are her other two UK hits , though there are two English-language songs here -LRB- Bye bye my love , Love 's alive -RRB- . Vicky is a fine singer who sings fluently in several languages and this is an excellent compilation of her finest music .
 The Singles ... Vicki Leandros is one of those few artists who has graced us with her golden voice and warm persona for more than three decades . With the help of talented songwriter -LRB- her father -RRB- and a team of wonderful musicians , Vicki brought to life some of the loveliest songs in German , French & Greek ... Her own interpretations of `` L'amour est bleu '' & `` Ich Bin '' are splendid.Ofcourse , `` Apres Toi '' had to be included ... There are great memories within these songs ... Recommended .
 On this CD except her well-known huge hits from the seventies but also all her singles in Germany as well as in Holland -LRB- there are even 2 songs in Dutch -RRB- Many of the tracks you did n't found on CD before.Vicky is the only artist in the Dutch TOP 40 who had hits in 4 -LRB- ! -RRB- different languages
 I was introduced to the fine voice of Vicki Leandros while traveling in Europe in1976 . Lucky for me during the years following that trip I was able to buy Germanoriginal hits compilations from a German store in the area that often included Vicki 's latest hits . The first time I heard one of the great voices I 've continued to love throughout the years was Vicki 's Top 10 `` Ich Liebe Das Leben '' . This great 2 CD set includes 31 of her 33 German chart hits through 1982 . The only Germanhit singles missing are 1972 's `` Dann Kamst Du '' which peaked at No. 11 and 1980 's `` Gute Reise , Mon Amour -LRB- which peaked at No. 46 . Also included are a number of songs which charted in the Netherlands and Belgium that did not chart in Germany
 This fine twofer collects three unsurpassed interpretations of Walton 's music and two other quite good interpretations as well.The first is Previn 's superb account of Symphony No. 1 in B flat minor - this hauntingly beautiful masterpiece - with London Symphony Orchestra . There is simply no better interpretation , so this is the one to have . Sound is good , though vintage stereo -LRB- 1966 -RRB- . The second is Jascha Heifetz ' recording of the Violin Concerto , with Walton conducting . Heifetz commissioned the work from Walton , so what we have here is a classic musical collaboration . An essential and decent mono recording -LRB- 1950 -RRB- . The third is the Cello Concerto with Gregor Piatigorsky , another commissioner , Charles Munch conducting . The recording sessions took place soon after the world premiere in 1957 . Again , we have a classic recording in fine old stereo sound.In addition , throw in a good recording of the Viola Concerto -LRB- Bashmet & Previn , recorded all-digital in 1994 -RRB- and a fine performance of the Sinfonia Concertante in the 1927 original version -LRB- Stott & Handley , recorded in 1989 -RRB- , and there is no reason for not purchasing this - indeed - essential set .
 There are only four 20th century British composers that I greatly like - Elgar , Delius , Britten and Walton . Two of these were mildly radical , and the other conservative , it seems to me , was Walton . This exciting set of reissues will give the maximum support to Walton-enthusiasts who take the opposite view of him from my own , but I doubt they could enjoy it more than I do . Crammed on to 2 cd 's you will find the violin and cello concertos played by the luminaries who first commissioned them , the sinfonia concertante in its original form , an important recent -LRB- 1994 -RRB- account of the great viola concerto , and Previn 's cult-status version of the 1st symphony . In the symphony and violin concerto the focus is on energy and vividness . Heifetz gives the revised version of the concerto with the Philharmonia under Walton himself in 1950 . The liner-note makes no attributions to the sound-technicians , so let me pay them a few compliments whoever they were , and the sound is compatible enough for me to compare this unique account with my own favourite modern version by Nigel Kennedy with the RPO under Previn in 1987 . The two readings are about as different as could be , but the difference is one of temperament not of technique or tempo . Heifetz is about 3 minutes quicker overall in a half-hour piece , which is surely neither here nor there . Kennedy easily passes the ` Serkin test ' - a great performance needs ` personality ' , and believe me Kennedy is no assembly-line performer . For him the piece presents no technical challenges , and he emphasises the relaxed side where Heifetz is typically tense . It takes us back to the question - what is our ` basic ' view of Walton?With the symphony any performance that is not forceful and spiky would be a non-starter , and it is good to hear Previn 's 1967 LSO account with the sound freshened up . The brass blast away as if this were Bartok or Shostakovich at their fiercest , and if you view Walton as a radical this is the performance for you . For me this symphony , for all its dissonance , is as faithful to the 19th century scheme as Elgar 's are . Simultaneously with Previn there appeared a version from Sargent and the New Philharmonia with Walton himself involved in some way . Speeds are by and large similar but the overall impression is of grandeur rather than ferocity , and to this day I like it better in general . You can hear the difference in approach from the very first bar with the ultra-hushed and absolutely smooth timpani-roll from Sargent . Oddly , where Previn scores most , for me , is in the slow movement where he captures the loneliness and melancholy better , helped by a slower tempo . It 's the Previn approach that has prevailed , and I do n't think Sargent is now available.Previn is the conductor in both versions of the viola concerto that I own , using the 1962 reorchestration . Bashmet is more introverted and less serene than Kennedy , but both are first-rate . If it were just a matter of this one piece I would still recommend Kennedy who benefits from a fuller and richer recorded sound , but we are dealing here with an entire package also containing two concerto performances of unique authority . The package is completed by an interesting version of the sinfonia concertante in its original form , apparently preferred by Walton to his revised score , and the late and very un-radical cello concerto played by its dedicatee . This is probably not a work that arouses fierce disputes regarding the merits of alternative versions , and anyone owning the Piatigorsky account will likely leave it at that , especially as P is in his familiar partnership with Munch , not one to let a performance sag.I adore Walton . He did not change the language of music in any but superficial ways , but his genius was truly original and he performed a major act of mercy by jolting English music out of what Constant Lambert called the cowpat school , to which music-lovers of similar prejudices to mine are either deaf or wish we were - I operate to a crude rule of thumb that any composer who has inflicted musical settings on Housman or who has an excessive interest in English folk-music is a composer to avoid . As an early sign of Walton 's fine discernment I note that he took exceptional measures to avoid being sent back to Oldham . Sound judge indeed .
 If you are looking for a collection of Walton 's major orchestral works , you would do well with this set - although there are others , too , that are worth considering . This review is merely to point out that this set is currently the only way to get your hands on Previn 's first recording of the first symphony
 As noted by at least one other reviewer , the big draw of this album is Andre Previn 's definitive account with the London Symphony of Walton 's First Symphony . The rest of the collection is fine as it goes , but to be honest I purchased this release for that rendition of the symphony alone . There are other versions that approach that performance -- Previn 's other recording with the Royal Philharmonic on Telarc and the more recent release on Hyperion conducted by Martyn Brabbins -- but this one is certainly the best , and given the price listed for the RCA collection as I write this , the choice is a no-brainer . Get this set , period .
 The performances on this CD are excellent . The acoustical quality of the CD is excellent . I am very satisfied with my purchase .
 This tribute will blow you away as it was one of Celia 's last public appearances before her unfortunate passing . It contains a wealth of Latin music superstars , each passionately singing a special tribute to Celia Cruz as she watches and smiles from the best seat in the house . Every performer sings one of Celia 's own songs in spectacular fashion . The tribute also reiterates Celia 's historical musical movements and modern contributions to Latin music and its communities . This musically artistic tribute celebrates Celia Cruz 's life as brilliantly as her perpetual smile . It 's truly amazing and it will have you dancing and singing in your living room . It 's a must have !!!
 I had the greatest pleasure to be a part of this concert . You see , I work for Telemundo -LRB- the tv station that put the concert on -RRB- , and I can tell you that even the rehearsals were amazing . The crowd was on the feet the whole night . This Dvd does a great job of covering that wonderful evening . If you loved her as much as each artist that night did , you should get this Dvd . This was a great event and I can say that I 'm very lucky to have been there and had the pleasure to have met her . She is a very beautiful woman and she will be missed .
 WOOOOOOOOOOW!Its worth getting . a great tribute to the late celia . the best live salsa dvd in the marketazucar !!!! como lo dicen .
 The DVD is a wonderful tribute to the Queen of Salsa !! It is an excellent recording of her songs by other top artists in the Latino and popular music business ! I ca n't say enough about the beauty of the concert ! It brought tears to my eyes ! It is excellent ! I should have bought two to share with everyone I know !!
 It is a very fair tribute to Celia . It 's a shame that it was done so late when she was n't abble to sing as she used to . The singers do well , but it leaves a sad taste to see Celia just sitting and listen to her songs being interpretated by others .
 Este DVD tiene de todo buena produccion y extraordinarios artistas y soneros .5 ESTRELLAS
 This is a beautiful goodbye to a world famous artist . This is Celia 's party and it 's a good one ! Like some of the producers say of this production ` We wanted REAL reactions , not fake ones ' . All of the artists were REAL in their goodbyes . Miami had a special light that night . Los Trio , Gilberto Santa Rosa , Gloria Estafan with Patti LaBelle , Don Pedro Knight -- the performances were outstanding .
 This tape is spectacular , to say the least !!! An AWESOME tribute to the greatest legend who will be sorely missed !!!
 This is definitely a concert to be seen many times and still enjoy it every single moment you are watching it . This is a piece of Celia Cruz 's history to archive for the new generations to come and learn about this amazing artist .
 What a great variety of artist , the sound and image quality was excellent . I must have for the salsa lovers
 The best ever , buy and enjoy hours of music by many popular latin singers who have performed over the years . Thank you for the tribute of Celia Cruz befor her death . Buy today .
 So interesting ! This product is excellent . I recomend it.This CD is excellent ! ... Try it , try it ... you will see Love Celia and all the artists !
 Great product ... really helped my son through his teething . Not sure if it has `` healing '' powers or is just fun for him to put in his mouth ...
 I got a good deal on this movie from DVDSpree_com and they shipped it fast
 This rare and beautiful album from the prestigious Ze label has been re-released with 6 additional tracks , including the brilliant single Things Fall Apart . When Sleep It Off was originally released , a critic dubbed it `` the real follow-up to Marianne Faithfull 's Broken English . '' There are resemblances , but Sleep It Off is less bitter in its moments of despair and Cristina 's tongue is often in her decadent chic . With strong melodies and memorable words , these songs resonate with timeless appeal.Every track is unique , but The Lie Of Love and He Dines Out On Death have always been my personal favourites . The first is a devastatingly cynical portrayal of a successful urban couple , their weaknesses chillingly portrayed in poetic lines like `` she does just takes lots of pills while he plays games that pay ... '' and `` she gets the grey blues , he gets the mean reds . '' He Dines Out On Death tells of the social life of a young man after the death of his girlfriend and is a masterpiece of irony and cynicism.Cristina 's gripping version of Van Morrison 's Blue Money also stands out and fits perfectly into the mood of the album , reflecting the theme of songs like Ticket To The Tropics and What 's A Girl To Do with its reference to stained sheets . Of the new tracks , the unforgettable Things Fall Apart is still as poignant as when it was released 14 years ago . This heartbreaking story of a miserable Christmas is made all the more moving because of the deadpan vocal delivery and air of resignation.The other new tracks are good too , both those from the original Sleep It Off sessions and the Compass Point tracks . Ze Records were famous for their mutant disco , but this is a pop-rock album through and through , with the possible exception of Things Fall Apart -LRB- although I can not imagine anybody wanting to dance to such a sad song -RRB- . Like Faithfull 's aforementioned Broken English , this album has stood the test of time very well . I also highly recommend the Ze Records compilation Mutant Disco.I wonder what the delectable Ms Monet-Paolozzi is doing now ? It would have been impossible to equal this album , which had disappointing sales way back , so maybe she just left the music business . But Sleep It Off will forever remain a monument to her considerable talents , the ultimate manifesto of elegant decadence in rock music .
 i originally owned this lp when it was released in the early 80 's . . i spotted its return on amazon ... and quickly ordered it and its follow up lp ... sleep it off is a jewel of an album all these years later ... you want camp ... listen to `` dont mutilate my mink '' that title alone tells you where this lady is coming from ... sheer decadence ... its a hybrid of early 80 's new wave and dance rock music ... it includes 6 extra tracks as well including prince 's `` when you were mine '' ... her version of kurt weil 's `` ballad of immoral earnings '' is astonishing , besides a manic version of van morrison 's `` blue money '' all other tracks were written by her and mostly don was ... this album sometimes echos the early work of john cale as on the tune `` rage and fascination '' its obvious that this lp has really stood the acid test which is time ... and its done it a great fashion ... her voice is cold and detached . . her sarcasm is on the money . . the song `` he dines out on death '' quite nicely sums up this absolutely brilliant album ... the package also comes with pics never seen before and a very informative booklet ... this album is a far cry from the christina -LRB- aguilera -RRB- of today ... and therein lies the problem with the music of today ... no `` rage or fascination '' umm where have i heard that before ... buy this cd now ...
 ZE messed with the original track order , and it does n't flow like the original LP did . `` Do n't Mutilate My Mink '' should have stayed as the opener . Also , it seems as if the sound quality is sub-par , maybe taken hastily from a slightly-worn vinyl . Interestingly enough , the bonus tracks -LRB- some -RRB- sound fine , as if they were taken from master tapes . Also missing is some of the intro from Rage & Fascination , which featured the speed of the song increasing slightly . I truly do appreciate having Sleep It Off available on CD and with bonus tracks , but coming from the original label ... you would have at least expected them to use the master tapes for the reissues ...
 This album is decadent , delicious and great . The sound is very 80s new wave but in the best way possible . It 's too bad this did n't get more promotion because the songs and themes are very interesting and unique . I laugh every time I play the CD because Cristina comes off as a spoiled debutante whining about how hard it is to be rich and have affairs . It 's worth the price alone for `` Do n't Mutilate My Mink , '' a paen to not really wanting to be bothered with a relationship . But there are other wonderful tracks too such as `` Blue Money , '' `` Ticket To The Tropics , '' `` Ballad of Immoral Earnings , '' etc. I read an interview online with Cristina that was n't too old . She seemed to want to work on music again but has unfortunately been suffering from an autoimmune disorder . It 's a shame .
 The benchmark that never was , pun intended . One can only imagine what would have happened had Prince known any earlier that that ever elusive girl act he had always wanted to unleash upon the world had already clipped her coke nail by the time Purple Rain came to be . Alas , he was to be doomed to a plethora of `` mulatto - types '' wasting valuable studio time and nearly obliterating all eight of the rules that were politely posted up in the guest house by his cleaning staff . '' -- and damn if Vanity do n't keep getting all up in my Gatorade . '' Said an agitated Prince after closing the ice box and coming to an epiphany of sorts . Damn indeed .
 About three weeks ago , I was thrilled to see that Daisy Spot , a band I had seen 6 years before in Berkeley , was back and more importantly was releasing an album , finally . Over the years I had yearned to see the band again and as fortune would have it , I was able to see them twice quite recently ; once in Sacramento and once in Davis . My memory served me well and Daisy Spot live was not a disappointment . While the show in Sacramento was packed the one in Davis lacked an audience . Fortunately the missing or uninterested audience in Davis infuriated guitarist/singer Mike Farrell and led him to provide the tiny group of listeners that actually cared a fantastically invigorating and uniquelly comical performance . In any case , as for the cd , I think it serves as a fantastic demonstration of what this band is capable of . While half of the songs are an interesting blend of Astrud Gilberto style jazz with 70 's funk grooves the other half provide the listener with a conglomeration of early swing style to modern minimalist rock tunes that satiate both the musical and lyrical palate . Overall , I would say this album will appeal to broad audiences willing to experiment with something outside the mainstream . Do n't expect to dance -LRB- lest it be closely with your partner -RRB- to most of the songs . Look forward to a new experience that I think you will either find very interesting or not all that trilling at all ; but definitely worth checking out . See them live if you get a chance , that 's where the magic really happens .
 As a fan of another band of Mike Farrell is in , and not hearing no more than 5 min of this album , I decided to purchase this amazing CD . Fans of all music would love this album . Each song has its own esoteric identity , unlike most albums where all 12 songs are the same overplayed bordem . If you feel the need to add some extra flair to your overplayed CD collection , add this one .
 I purchased this CD for my husband for our 25th anniversary after hearing a cut on Pandora -LRB- Roll With It -RRB- . The rest of the selections did not disappoint . I was very pleased with the entire CD , as was he . The purchasing process on Amazon was smooth and easy , -LRB- just like the CD -RRB- .
 I love all of Larry work , Great CdFast service , Thanks much
 I almost did n't buy this album after hearing some of the two star reviews from the others , but I took a chance on it , and I give it 4 stars . `` Put It Where You Want It '' is excellent , both in track one and the jamming version on track 11 , and `` Roll With It '' is also excellent . There 's no question that it 's hard to beat some of Larry 's finest songs . My personal favorite is `` Smiles and Smiles to Go '' and it 's hard to beat his old album `` Discovery '' . But if you 're a Larry Carlton fan , I think 4 stars is about right for this one .
 Ok , after reading some of the reviews here , I have a few things to get off my chest . To you guys who panned this release because Larry is n't ` shredding ' like he did 15 or 20 or 25 years ago - please note that Larry is growing up , you should take notes . If you want crunchy riffs and monstrous dexterity , go see Steve Vai or Joe Satriani . Larry 's playing has matured into a warm sound that envelops like a 10 year old Cabernet or the arms of a familiar lover . Guys like Peter White could take a lesson here and there . And the nicest thing is the use of all REAL instruments , no annoying drum machines.With that said I have one beef about this release . Larry , and all other purveyors of ` smooth jazz ' , please take note
 As they say Larry Carlton is `` The Musician 's Musician '' , and his guitar work on this album is excellent as always . Personally I did n't buy it for the vocal tracks , but I never did that with any of his albums . I buy Carlton albums to hear Mr. 335 do what he does best . Play guitar.I admit there are things on some of his albums that I do n't much care for , but it certainly is n't his guitar playing . I can live without singers and and all that , but considering that only covers maybe 10 % of his material , I 'd say he has done considerably better than most musicians these days , who churn out album after album that have one or two good songs and the rest is just filler . And I 'm being very generous calling it `` filler '' . It 's the most polite word I can think of to describe most `` music '' on sale today .
 Carlton does it again . The veteran jazz guitarist 's second release in as many years does not dissapoint . It is one of the best Jazz albums I 've purchased or heard this year . This ten track CD plus one bonus track is full of gems . Especially his cover of the Eagles `` I Ca n't Tell You Why '' with R&B artist Shai doing guest vocals on the track . It is a smooth jazz version . He also covers Steve Winwood 's `` Roll With It '' . If you 're a fan of Carlton , Fourplay or just jazz , check this CD out . It 's Carlton at his best .
 Listen folks . I like a good testosterone-filled riff as much as anybody , and that 's not what this cd is about . But this is a great smooth jazz cd with Larry Carlton playing some very subtle jazz riffs that will knock your socks off if you listen to them . My least favorite tracks are the two covers , but this is great music to set a mellow , reflective mood . Leave your preconceptions aside and listen . You will be very pleasantly surprised .
 This is a great CD with wonderful music to listen to . Larry Carlton is a very talented musician and I 'll look forward to buying more of his music .
 Marcel Poot 's -LRB- 1901-1988 -RRB- music is generally lively , lyrically neo-classical ; light and buoyant but not superficial . It is also imbued with an amiably romantic spirit -LRB- despite being emotionally rather reserved -RRB- , uncluttered but often brusque and terse , conservative but not anachronistic . It is , in short , enjoyable and eminently listenable . He wrote seven symphonies , of which Marco Polo has recorded four -LRB- nos. 3 , 5 , 6 , and 7 -RRB- . The sixth is a late work , dating from 1978 , and is cast in three movements and a freely classical form . The Allegro is finely constructed out of a rhythmic theme , building up to a compelling climax . The Andante Maestoso is rather muscular and lively and the Finale melds elements of a scherzo movement with a coda to provide an effective close . It is not a great work , but a very agreeable one , and a work that deserves to be heard by anyone with a penchant for the more conservative side of twentieth century music.The ballet Pygmalion -LRB- 1957 -RRB- is variegated , melodic and soberly constructed ; the music is alluring but always tasteful and moderately atmospheric . Nothing really lingers in the mind of the listener , but it is still sufficiently inspired to sustain interest throughout . The two symphonic movements that close the disc are earlier works ; both are playful and lively with a sense of mischief and slightly looser reins than the later works . The Vrolijke Ouverture -LRB- 1934 -RRB- is brilliant and folksy whereas the Allegro Symphonique -LRB- 1936 -RRB- contains some darker colors as well . Both are rewarding works , and the overture is probably the most immediately memorable work on the disc . The Moscow Symphony Orchestra under Frederic Devreese does a fine job of it all ; a little more red-blooded energy would perhaps not have gone amiss , but the performances are lively and spirited enough . The sound is decent , and in sum this is a compelling release ; it will definitely not change the world , but can be safely recommended nonetheless .
 Steve Miller is probably the world 's most underated guitarist . He is also very underated as an artist . Your Saving Grace is no exception . The title track is heavy with emotion and while not writen by Miller , shows off the talent of Tim Davis who was the backbone of the early stuff . The forcefull lovesong `` Little Girl '' and the civil rights motif `` Do n't you let nobody '' are solid rock tracks with a hint of blues and a lot of attitude . `` Baby 's House '' shows off the piano skills of Nicky Hopkins as well as Miller 's strength as a vocalist . If you have Miller 's box set you are missing out on the full version of this awesome song . `` Motherless Children '' has a blues twing and a solid emotional base that makes it a classic . While the album is short , it is a good buy . For the Miller enthusist it is well worth it . If not , you might want to start off his early stuff with Antholgy .
 For his first three albums , Steve Miller & his band provided some of the most psychedelic -LRB- yet least druggy -RRB- blues-rock of the time without making so much as a dent into the mainstream . After 1968 's SAILOR though , the band went through the first of what would be many personnel changes with guitarist Boz Scaggs departing to go solo -LRB- and thus leaving most of the guitar work to Steve himself -RRB- , and taking keyboardist Jim Peterman with him . Peterman had to have been rather aghast to see himself replaced by , not one , but two keyboard players in the form of another future soloist Ben Sidran and legendary sessionman Nicky Hopkins.The latter two made their debut on 1969 's BRAVE NEW WORLD , which was just as trippy as its two predecessors , but by now , the psychedelia was bordering on parody , and thus indicative that perhaps the blues-happy Boz knew when to abandon a potentially sinking ship . Maybe Steve recognized this as well , and decided to make his second album of the year YOUR SAVING GRACE a little more earthbound and bluesy . For the most part , it succeeds , but does not quite match the rarefied greatness of 1968 's CHILDREN OF THE FUTURE and SAILOR . `` Little Girl '' continues the tradition of Steve Miller album openers that could have made it as singles in a more perfect music world . Power pop had not been officially invented per se , but this song was as close to perfect both in melody and lyric as one could get . Again , if Capitol Records had taken a short break from promoting the Beatles in this era , they could have devoted some elbow grease towards Steve & his group , with this being their true breakthrough . `` Just A Passin ' Fancy In A Midnite Dream '' is a little inscrutable , but perhaps that can be attributed to the fact that it is co-written by Ben Sidran , who was more influenced by Van Morrison and Mose Allison , especially by their idiosyncratic songwriting styles . Maybe one can call this psychedelia without the phasers and Leslie cabinets , but that does not make the song any less hallucinogenic , if not as trippy as , say , the side one suite of CHILDREN OF THE FUTURE . `` Do n't Let Nobody Turn You Around '' is another song that could have helped get Steve some long overdue commercial attention , but it would take 5 more years of grunt work for that to happen . As for the song , it is his attempt at creating a Delta blues tune for the modern era , for it sounds like it is coming straight out of the South , but its subject -LRB- speaking out against racism and inequality -RRB- is one that still haunted the region & continues to this day . The fact that the song comes from a White musician makes it even more potent . `` Baby 's House '' closes out side one with a 9-minute trip to dreamland that is again rather light on the psychedelics , but has enough of them in smaller doses to give the listener a relaxing , woozy feeling . Co-written by Nicky Hopkins , his fingerprints are all over this song with him inserting some subtle classical measures into his piano work . He may have preferred the comforts of the studio to the stage , but I can guess that songs like this made fellow San Franciscans Quicksilver Messenger Service want to snare Hopkins up for their band , and they did . `` Motherless Children '' is a return to traditional blues standards after an absence of them on BRAVE NEW WORLD . After 9 minutes of music that kept the listener occupied , the subsequent 6 minutes of near-flatlining stripped-down blues actually borders on the somnambulant . Eric Clapton would tackle this song 5 years later , and give it a much-needed dose of testosterone . Until then , Steve slipped up by giving his version an overdose of Dramamine . `` The Last Wombat In Mecca '' brings things back to life slightly with bassist Lonnie Turner 's second volume in his combination of acoustic blues with psychedelic lyrical imagery . Sounding like it was recorded live in the studio in one take -LRB- listen to the studio chatter at the beginning -RRB- , it is mindless fun if anything else , although maybe someone other than Steve could have handled the vocals -LRB- it was Lonnie 's song after all -RRB- . `` Feel So Glad '' is another blues - and jazz-soaked slow-burn with more excellent piano playing by Hopkins -LRB- a session musician who deserved to go headliner , if ever there was one -RRB- . It is amazing that on this album the original material with a blues bent was more successful than the one that came straight from the source -LRB- an anonymous one -RRB- . But that just indicates how good Steve was at appropriating blues influences and tailoring them to his own ideas , rather than become a slave to them like most other musicians of the time did.It all closes out with the title track that comes from drummer Tim Davis , who tends to be the lowest-key member of the band in this time . After the slightly pedestrian `` Ca n't You Hear Your Daddy 's Heartbeat '' on BRAVE NEW WORLD , Davis had improved as a writer to be allowed the title track on the band 's next album , and although it may be just me , I hear a small bit of Marvin Gaye 's `` What 's Going On '' in the arrangment of this sociopolitical song -LRB- or at least , the sound of what was to come -RRB- . One can wonder if Marvin had indeed given this song a listen while creating that magnum opus . He would depart shortly after this album 's follow-up , but it is clear that Davis was the rare sign of stability for Steve early on as his band went through more personnel shuffles than a fast-food chain.It was perhaps inevitable that after two wonderful first albums , Steve Miller would hit a rough patch on the next two . Even with a master producer like Glyn Johns at the helm , BRAVE NEW WORLD and YOUR SAVING GRACE can not be considered as finely-crafted and timeless -LRB- even while remaining of its time -RRB- as CHILDREN OF THE FUTURE and SAILOR . It could be because of the game of musical band members or the fact that psychedelia was on the way out in a post-Woodstock world . Nevertheless , YOUR SAVING GRACE has its own place in Steve Miller 's catalog as both a time-marker and an instance that , when the right occasion arose , they could scale back the hallucinogens and simply rock out as best they could .
 This is Steve 's magnum opus of space rock and soul . Feel so Glad and Baby 's House are among his best ever . Tim Davis performs his best song , the title song.Why why why is it still out of print and there is a reason why it sells used for $ 94 , it 's that good .
 Gave this album to an associate who was familiar with Fly Like an Eagle , and he was really surprised that it sounded so different , and that it was good `` I mean , REALLY GOOD ! '' This band was putting out something like two or three albums a year at this time , yet the writing is really good . A really solid album .
 Yes , this is the cd from Japan . It definitely is a much better sound then the USA out of print cd that sell for big bucks . Crisp and clear w/solid bass and much better mid & high frequencies all around . The cd does not come in the standard cd case , so you will have no problem finding it amoung all those standard cases . It does have a seperate sheet with the words and a full replica of the old LP cover . I would recommend purchasing this cd made in Japan before getting an out of print US reversion . I got this cd for only eight buck $ more then a mint LP , which I would have to put on a disk to listen to . Oh , you can pay alot less , for this cd , if you buy it on Amazon.com . Enjoy ! -LRB- - :
 Your Saving Grace has always been a favorite ... and the remastered version provides great sound quality !
 I bought this because I 'd heard the opening track `` Down in the Desert '' and thought it excellent . I was stunned to find the whole CD is supreme ... this is surely one of the best kept secrets in all of rock . Thin White Rope are a combination of Television and Sonic Youth and Nick Cave and Pavement and better than all of them . `` When Worlds Collide '' is one of my most treasured CDs and one of the greatest compilations in the history of rock music .
 I suppose we all have our lost causes , and one of mine is Thin White Rope . If they ever made a bad album , I have n't found it , and they left in their wake an astonishingly large number of truly great songs . Why did n't they make it hugely ? I have no idea . I can only say that many far less talented bands have achieved far more success.The heart of the band is Guy Kyser , who provided both the vocals and most of the song writing . Some find his voice unnerving , but I find it unique and perfectly suited to the strange lyrics he wrote . But if you do n't like Kyser 's voice , you wo n't like Thin White Rope.The songs on this album are taken from the band 's several studio albums . Not all of my favorites are on this disc ; in particular , I miss `` Disney Girl , '' but that is a personal preference only . All in all , it does a really find job of hitting all their best work . This album will either hit you right away , or not at all . If you are n't sold by the end of `` Down in the Desert , '' TWR might be a lost cause for you.I would strongly recommend anyone interested in Thin White Rope who does n't are ca n't collect all the albums to at least pick up this anthology and the absolutely stunning live album they released , THE ONE THAT GOT AWAY . They may be gone , but hopefully thanks to these two great albums , they wo n't be forgotten .
 As a conductor , for many years Professor of Harmony and Composition at the New South Wales Conservatorium of Music , and blessed with a fine music room at his Mosman home -LRB- on the foreshores of Sydney Harbour -RRB- , Hill was at the centre of Sydney musicianship for many years and had the opportunity to refine his art through frequent performance . He wrote some of the most beautiful chamber music of the 20th century , and his string quartets are warm , cultured and sometimes lovely . This CD contains very fine performances by the Australian String Quartet . If this is part of a move to record a sizeable body of Hill 's chamber music , the world be will a better place for all music lovers . -LSB- SW -RSB-
 I really Like This CD because I like this kind of `` Teen Music '' . It seems Britney Spears , Christina Aguilera with a bad day and Enrique Iglesias ... Its Just a GOOD CD.ME PIERDO JUNTO A TI
 Paralamas do Sucesso is one of the most successful bands of brazilian pop/rock scene . Every album is received in Brazil with glory and shining compliments , being played endlessly in radio and TV . Paralamas ARE , indeed , a high quality band , always making beautiful and versatile music . The three -LRB- Herbert , Bi and Barone -RRB- are top musicians and their songs are full of emotion , great lyrics and above all catching melodies . Nueve Lunas is an example of the band 's musical variety : Lourinha Bombril is the best hit of the album . Carnival style , very up-tempo and latin-party-ish . Otra belleza is a very cool samba.Bella Luna is the true highlight of the album . Very hawaiian style and beautiful lyrics.The rest of the album is a little different from these openers , being more `` serious '' rock songs , which is in fact , the true essence of the band . Some songs are more straight rock , while others are more introspective and mid-paced but all beautiful and memorable.Overall , Nueve Lunas original portuguese version is my favorite album by Paralamas do Sucesso and always finds a place in my stereo !
 Cornershop is renouned for their 1997 release `` When I was Born for the 7th Time '' and with the help of two of Europes most highly honored techno artists , the songs become even better . `` Sleep on the left Side '' is the classic opening track for the entire album that Cornershop is so famous for . And it is this song that sets us up for the ingenious music of the whole album . The remix by the red-haired DJ of Les Rythems Digital is an enhanced version of this song . But , the best part of the single is that it contains Norman Cookes beautiful remix of `` Brimful of Asha '' . And you save your money not having to buy the import .
 We already knew that Cornershop represented a unique brew of styles . This single goes two steps further . `` Sleep '' is remixed in a 1983 New Wave style sure to evoke memories of Thomas Dolby and Falco . Norman Cook 's incomparable mix of `` Asha '' is already world-famous , own it for 10 bucks less than the import .
 We already knew that Cornershop represented a unique brew of styles . This single goes two steps further . `` Sleep '' is remixed in a 1983 New Wave style sure to evoke memories of Thomas Dolby and Falco . Norman Cook 's incomparable mix of `` Asha '' is already world-famous , own it for 10 bucks less than the import .
 This edition is more money but you get 3 bonus tracks and its an SACD hybrid , so it plays on regular cd players and SACD players in both stereo and 5.1 surround sound . This is a quality album with zero filler . He rocks out a bit more here than on recent releases . Beautiful production on the tracks , his voice sounds amazing and the song writing is some of his best . The packaging on this japanese version is really beautiful and i 'm not sure if this is how the american version will be released . Worth getting for the 3 extra songs and the SACD mixes in my opinion .
 Nothing can compare to Nothing like the Sun but this comes pretty darn close . I have been playing it now nonstop for a week and still love it ! Worth every penny and more !
 This is an amazing body of work . The songs are not only thought provoking but will make you dance with sheer joy ! This is one of his best . You will love it !!!
 Super album.Sound is beautiful , as a lyrics.He get 's better over the years.Very talented , very unique .
 Maxwell has done it again . With the two remixes , Matrimony
 This talented man is the best that there is ! I have never been touched by another artist 's music in such a way ! If you do n't have it get it NOW ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 This brotha can make the song he 's singing cry . His voice is exceptional ! He 's not one to be flashy but instead he does what most need to learn to do , and that 's sing for the love of it ... people appreciate that more .
 Maxwell Rules particularly when he writes his own material.His new album is testimony to that ! Fortunate has some extraordinary remixes and material every fan should own.Matrimony is beautiful but i was disappointed by the middle of the road title track penned by the tedious R.J kelley .
 I have never heard anything by Maxwell that I did n't like , this single is no exception . Maxwell knows how to use his talent to deliver results unlike any other artist today . Fortunate is sensual without being sexual ; moving and reflective . It talks to me . I give it the highest rating because it deserves the best .
 When this Brother is n't trying to overstate his Material his Work Sounds Really Good.His Voice sounds really strong on the songs here.the Mixes are cool.if He gets his Smokey Robinson on he could be a Force .
 This is one of my all time favorite songs . The first time I heard it tears came to my eyes . Maxwell 's voice is like no other . What a talented brother .
 Ever since my boyfriend let me borrow his Maxwell cd I have n't been able to let it go . . that man has a voice that makes you melt . . his words touch you in a way that makes you think . . he needs to keep it up and never stop
 It 's about time somebody came out with a kicking two-step CD . Hilarious , moving and fast . Just the way I like it . I gave it a five star because the singer/writer is an unknown that knows how to stir a crowd .
 Seller shipped promptly and the CD was loaded with some great Ska songs I had not had in my collection ! Recommended !
 I 'm not a big fan of remix albums . They 're usually just full of corrupted versions of songs that are n't even close to being as good as the originals . With a series like Cowboy Bebop , you 'd think it would have to be a sin to try to retouch even a note of the original music . Ah , but this is different . This is Radio Free Mars ; an underground radio station dedicated to bringing you the best music the law wo n't allow . These are very cool remixes of some of the most familiar tunes from the Bebop series , put together by a few of Asia 's best DJs and techno groups . They bring the series ' music into a whole new light and sprinkle it with a hint of ultra-modern . Some of the tracks may not be recognizable without peeking at the back of the jewel case , but that 's a small detractor . It 's a smart techno-style collection that will appeal to techno and house fans and anime fans alike . It 's made even more unique by the commentary of Radio Free Mars ' own DJ between each track , and in a few places it 's pretty humorous . A welcome addition to the Cowboy Bebop library .
 This CD is hi-tech and sharp and jazzy . It reflects the genre of the Cowboy Bebop anime series , and all but one part of the first song -LRB- where we hear the opening theme song -RRB- are all original material . The dj -LRB- who speaks between songs -RRB- is odd , but kind of funny -- talking about old bands from the 2040s and cracks about Jabba the Hutt . If you enjoy smooth and tasteful lounge , as well as some danceable trance/ambient tunes this is probably an excellent buy for you . You might want to check your anime shop , before plunking down 30 bucks for it , but it will still be cash well spent .
 Music for Freelance is a great collection of mixes . Fila Brazilia turns `` Forever Broke '' from a cowboy blues tune , to a mix more urban-techno baseline . Ian O'Brien 's mix `` Piano Black '' also does the same , turning a high tension track to something with more soul and jazzy beat.If you are looking for more the `` Big Band '' sound similar to Kanno 's `` Tank ! . '' This is not probably not the album for you.I recommend this to people who have n't even seen Cowboy Bebop and enjoy beats from say a DJ Food in style .
 This remix to one of the best anime soundtracks of all time is in the form of an easy listening radio station . The Radio Free Mars tracks are basically like commercial breaks on radio . If you 've seen Cowboy Bebop , the Radio Free Mars tracks will amuse you very much . Stuff mentioned like look alike dates of Judie from Big Shot and Gate closing for planets . The remixes them selves are pretty good . The opening Tank ! remix is pretty good . Propable my favorite song on the disc is Forever Broke which features some nice guitar . If your a fan of rap music , you 'll love Fe . I just love this disc . It 's soothing and makes you feel great . I highly recommend this disc to any music collection . A great buy .
 The music on this album is equal parts funky Seat Belts and smart electronic splicing . Many of the names are big -- Luke Vibert , Fila Brazillia , DMX Krew -- and they do n't disappoint . This album might not be for you if either of the influences turn you off , but for me it was worth plunking down the $ 40 . All of it is pretty good and worth the occasional listen , but the track I keep coming back to is the DMX Krew mix of `` Cats on Mars '' . I 've never heard the original , so I do n't know how it compares , but this track has a catchy bassline , percussion that occasionally drifts off into charming randomness , and the whole thing is complemented and offset by high , repeated , -LRB- so far -RRB- unintelligible vocals.Of course , I tend to be fascinated with tracks for entirely personal reasons in many cases . Who knows -- maybe you 'll love a different one . Recommended .
 Cowboy Bebop , with its stylized , jazzy tunes , was bound to have a remix album . Well , this is the one to top all of them . First of all , the Radio DJ for Radio Free Mars , is absolutely fun and enjoying to listen to . He makes you feel like you 're one of the carefree crew on the Bebop listening to a radio station . The Radio DJ rarely gets annoying , and he adds people like the Seatbelts and Yoko Kanno to his accented commentary . The remixes are also very well done . I thoroughly liked the `` Tank ! '' Luke Vibert Remix and `` Cats on Mars '' DMX Krew Remix . There are also more likable tunes that are sure to please any Cowboy Bebop fan . As for me , I 'm turning on my CD right ... now ...
 I 'm not a Cowboy Bebop fan , or an anime fan for that matter . But I was in the car one day with a friend and heard this crazy techno/jazz/funk instrumental and asked what it was . Lo and behold , it was the Cowboy Bebop Remixes . After getting it from said friend for Christmas , it 's constantly in my computer 's CD drive . The `` Radio Free Mars '' announcer is a treat , as well.Just wait until you hear him talk about Star Wars 18 ... `` A love story between Jabba the Hut and a wookie . I just wish they 'd unfreeze George Lucas . ''
 I love Yoko Kanno . I love Cowboy Bebop . I love the Seatbelts.The remixed versions of the songs are very listenable , I would carry this CD around to listen to as a pick-me-up . I actually think I have done that before . `` Tank ! '' Luke Vibert Mix is very poppy and jazzy and fun , I love this version so much . I brought this CD to a dance session in an acting class and this is what we danced to . Everyone loved it . `` Forever Broke '' Fila Brazilia Mix is so beautiful ! It 's on a mix CD I made of all the Cowboy Bebop songs because it 's good for chilling/meditation , dance , study , everything . `` Piano Black '' was given a little more depth.Overall , it 's a very listenable CD . If you 're a diehard fan of Cowboy Bebop , you may not like what was done to some of the songs on here . It is an interesting fusion of styles .
 Yoko Kanno does it again . For this album , Yoko takes all of the classic Bebop songs and collaborates with other excellent artists to create a fresh and hypnotizing new sound . Add to that the `` Radio Free Mars '' inserts , which are truly comical , and this cd will definitely be enjoyed by all Bebop and Yoko fans , and also by anyone with half a brain and two ears . Obviously , highly recommended . However , the price is a bit exorbitant , so I 'd suggest heading down to your local Chinatown and getting a $ 12 copy .
 The version of this CD that includes `` Vitaminless '' is a bootleg . It 'll be from `` Sonmay '' or `` Everanime '' who make a number of bootleg versions of various Anime soundtracks .
 I have not heard this album , but for those of you who remember the ORIGINAL Priss from the BubbleGum Crisis , Hurricane should be on here ! if not than it is not her best !
 Born in 1890 and deceased in 1962 , Jacques Ibert was a near contemporary of Arthur Honegger -LRB- 1892-1955 -RRB- , and the comparison is appropriate here , for it is the music of Honegger , and more specifically his less demanding and more popular-aimed film music that Ibert 's music for the ballet Diane de Poitiers brings to mind . Ibert and Honegger -LRB- and Milhaud , also born in 1892 -RRB- were fellow students of Andr&eacute; G&eacute;dalge , who gave them private courses in orchestration . Ibert was , also , a prolific composer of film scores . The ballet was written in 1934 for the Russian ballerina and producer Ida Rubinstein -LRB- that same year Honegger also wrote the Ballet-pantomime S&eacute;miramis for her - and , famously , Ravel his Bolero in 1928 -RRB- , and was choreographed by Michel Fokine . The argument , by author and Proust friend Elisabeth de Gramont , is inspired by the figures of King Henry II of France -LRB- 1519-1599 -RRB- and his mistress , considered the most beautiful woman of the country at the time , Diane de Poitiers -LRB- 1499-1566 -RRB- . The two concert suites the composer extracted from the ballet make for an extended composition , lasting circa 45 minutes . They were premiered in Brussels under the composer in January 1935 , in a copious program which also featured Honegger 's S&eacute;miramis -LRB- conducted by Honegger -RRB- and Stravinsky 's Perspephone -LRB- with Ida Rubinstein appearing as reciter -RRB- . The music is based on 16th century dances by Claude Gervaise , Pierre Passereau , Cl&eacute;ment Janequin and other anonymous composers , but Ibert did n't try and write any historical reconstruction . The music is rather , like Honegger 's or Auric 's when they used ancient music in the context of ballet or film music , Ibert 's own view on the music , 17th-century dances reinterpreted by 20th century French film/ballet music . The music is lush , lightweight , easy-listening , agreeable - more perharps for sending our imagination back to an elegant and insouciant period of the French music scene than on its own and rather unsubstantial musical merits . But it does reach a genuine dramatic grandeur in its 12-minute long finale.La Licorne , another ballet , composed in 1954 for the Chicago Opera Ballet and dancer and choreographer Ruth Page -LRB- but published only in 1974 , for reasons unexplained by the otherwise very informative liner notes -RRB- , is more substantial . The ballet is played here near complete -LRB- only the return of a Waltz has been omitted -RRB- and lasts a continuous 30 minutes -LRB- with only one cue , unlike Diane de Poitier whose 10 numbers each get theirs -RRB- . The orchestration is lean -LRB- with a prominent orchestral piano -RRB- , the atmospheres alternate between the lhe lush impressionism of Escales , echoes of Ravel 's La Valse , the neo-classicism of Ibert 's own Divertissement , the sardonic Jazz and Rumbas of Milhaud 's Boeuf sur le toit . It is a good compendium of the style -LRB- s -RRB- of Ibert , whose motto was that `` all systems are valid '' . The Swiss conductor who goes by the name of Adriano contributes himself the excellent liner notes . He must be thanked for his numerous revivals of forgotten music , essentially for film or ballet , by Honegger , Auric and Ibert .
 Prior to hearing this , I had considered Ibert 's music clever , but not anything with much depth . Some of it -LRB- eg . . Golgotha -RRB- would even be considered as banal.But this is great life-asserting and tuneful music , the kind that stays with you for days after you hear it . Ibert is not to be ignored , the Reading of the Gaol and this CD is another must-hear by this composer . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 As a new fan to Alabama 3 , its refreshing to listen to such a great mix on one CD . This artist can produce anything from country to hip-hop to acid . The underlying mood is country and every track is a surprise . A pleasant one . From toe-tapping to throw yourself around the room !
 IF YOU LIKE MARILYN MONROE IN MOVIES , BUY THIS CD IT HAS HER SONGS FROM HER FAMOUS MOVIES !! THIS IS A HARD TO FIND CD IT 'S A MUST HAVE !!!
 My Mom gave me this album years ago , back in the 70 's , along with an old Link Wray album . I enjoyed listening to it , as it was a very relaxing style . I lost the original album -LRB- along with about 1000 others -RRB- in a storage unit I could n't keep up the payments on back in the late 80 's . I have been unable to track it down in CD format , and thought maybe Amazon might have it . But as you can see , it has been discontinued by the manufacturer . So I 'll keep searching .
 `` Proverbial Reggae '' is every bit the masterpiece that `` Trenchtown Mixup '' is . It is a rare feat for a group to deliver 2 killers in a row , but the Gladiators did it !
 This album rocks . Haunting melodies and harmonies . I would rate this among the top 10 reggae albums .
 That 's the address , listen to the radio show , and you 'll be an instant fan . This recording is a mix chosen by After Hours ' Ross Porter , and it reflects his excellent taste . I bought this for my first jazz cd , when I knew not a thing about jazz . 8 CDs later , I still always go back to `` After Hours 3 . '' Check it out .
 This is one of the best Christian music CDs you can ever find in the music industry . Christian music is different from secular music , and the difference is that Christian musicians are there to praise God , instead of praising themselves for their talent , and to guide listeners ' heart and mind to God through music . And Jennifer is one of the most successful singers to achieve that challenging task . Her music is not an entertainment or show ; even in her concerts , one can see and feel that she is sharing her own experience with God with her audience , and that she truly loves her Lord.Her voice is extraordinarily pleasant and expressive , mature at the same time full of life . It is more than just beautiful . Too bad , there is only 5 stars to rate her . I would give her 10 stars !
 This item came quickly and I played it as soon as I got it . She has a beautiful voice that is so angelic . The whole album is so enjoyable and has some songs on it that I am already familiar with .
 This CD is one that you will never get tired of . Jennifer 's talent and sound are incredible . She is one of the most gifted artist 's I 've ever listened to . I would recommend this CD to anyone and have already bought it as a gift for most of my acquaintances .
 Listening to Jennifer 's message and voice is very promising to me ! It lift 's up my thought 's and makes me look foward to our real home with Jesus in Heaven ! Beautiful words and music !
 D-I-G-I-M-O-N 0-2 ! This album is awesome ! So good ! THe character themes are great , and the small songs that are background music are awesome ! Makes me feel like I 'm actually watching the Japanese version . Sugoi ! ~ Ja ne , Sora
 I have this CD ! I like `` Adventure Heart ~ Davis 's theme ~ `` and number17 music , number1 song . Number1 song ` sJapanese title is `` Target ~ Akaishougeki ~ '' Number17 ` sJapanese title is `` Kenchan . . wormmonnotheme . '' This music is my favorititeits . Number17music is like a Japanesemusic `` Kamatakousinkyoku '' I think very similar.but I like very much ! -LRB-^-^-RRB- I recommend this CD ! Tonikaku osusume ! . . sorry . . this sentence is strenge . . and funny ! -LRB- T-T -RRB- sorejya situreisimasu ~ ! Emi
 It is a very good CD ! My favorite songs were the ones that people sang . . I am kind of disapoined because I thought the charcters will sings their charcter themes ... it was more backround music tho . . very Classical-ish ! But a good CD !! 4/31 were sung . . :*-LRB- I wish more of them were sung !
 I mistaked review sentence ! -LRB- T-T -RRB- I correct a mistakes ! Music number17 is not `` Kenchan . . wormmonnotheme '' . Correct number is 12 !! I 'm sorry . . -LRB- T-T -RRB- This CD is Saiko - !! -LRB- excellent -RRB-
 I mistaked review sentence ! -LRB- T-T -RRB- I correct a mistakes ! Music number17 is not `` Kenchan . . wormmonnotheme '' . Correct number is 12 !! I 'm sorry . . -LRB- T-T -RRB- This CD is Saiko - !! -LRB- excellent -RRB-
 This CD rules ! I love Anime music ! I wonder why they do n't have the other two volumes ?
 This Album is Sweet Because it has Vocals From The Show that rocks
 WOOOOOO ! NADESICO is on fire ! I love the show , and even though I have n't seen later episodes . This album ROCKS !
 -LRB- Please note
 If you 're interested in Celtic or Irish music these guys out Kansas will get your foot dancing , and beyond ! The other good CD from them is American Wake . Great music to get you `` wild and crazy '' some night because they do n't slow down with many of their songs . Not old Celtic music , but there are enough of a taste to please any purist . Give it a try !
 I seen the Elders at Muskegon Michigans Irish Music Fest . After seeing them I had to have there CD . I chose the current live CD , all I can say is I was not disappointed . Great vocals , Great music ! Money well spent!Irving CrydermanWhitehall , Mich
 Someone was kind enough to give me this album for St. Patrick 's Day , and Ive been a fan ever since . Men of Erin is an instant classic , and my family shall be singing it each and every St Patrick 's from here on . Thanks to Ian Byrne and the guys.I recommend that you get two for surely you 'll want to give one as a gift.The Burns familyenniscorthy , montreal , chicago , south bend
 My friends and I saw The Elders live at the Great American Irish Festival , Herkimer County Fairgrounds -LRB- NY -RRB- in July ' 08 . They have amazing energy and appeal to all ages . Listening to this cd recaptured the excitement of our `` live '' experience .
 Was introduced to the lads by my daughter , Lindy . They performed in Cheyenne , Wyo last summer -LRB- looks like they 'll be back this year too -LRB- can you see me smiling ? -RRB- I saw them last September in Estes Park , and they are brilliant ! Their upbeat numbers will get your feet tapping , your hands clapping and your heart pounding . My favourite , however , is a much slower one
 This gorgeous set -- consisting of CD , DVD , and map -- is well worth the investment . My friend , whose birthday present it was , was enchanted , and used it for meditation , excercise , and to create a peaceful ambience for writing . The vocals are evocative and ethereal without being repetitive or simplistic . I would recommend .
 This package captures the spiritual character of India in the beauty of it 's music , it 's people and it 's land . The DVD is brilliantly beautiful . Treat yourself .
 Landscapes sweep across the screen as a portrayal of daily life merges ancient farming practices with fast moving technology . The beauty of the connection of all life left a profound impact on me in moments where I could not explain my emotions , but felt them very present.Through the eyes of the people filmed , we intimately view the struggles of the soul , the ever changing uncertainty of life and an element of deeper understanding in a world where the spiritual and the daily rituals of life intertwine in a beautiful union.Metaphors abound with life reborn in a magical pond ; a broom sweeping across a dusty path turns watery to awaken concepts of rebirth and cleansing . There are also elements of fire or the idea of walking through fire as images merge and one scene melts into the next.Palm World Voices Vedic Path inspires an intense longing for a deeper spiritual experience . Like lost travelers traversing a desolate planet , the connection of family life brings comfort and herds of animals bring humor . A scene of thirty two candles , red wax dripping over the ground suddenly because profoundly beautiful and there are many artistic moments throughout this musical meditation . ~ The Rebecca Review
 This is really a great cd and i was excited when i first got a chance to listen to it . The tracks are :1 . Sailor Star Song ; very nice , upbeat and easy to learn the lyrics to .2 . Nagareboshi he ; also called `` Search for Your Love '' another awesome song , by the Three Lights , i love it , personally .3 . Todokanu Omoi - My Friend 's Love ; another song by the Three Lights , it is really upbeat , unlike Nagareboshi he , but the lyrics seem so sad , but this is a cool song4 . Kaze mo , Sora mo , Kitto ; The Wind , the Sky , Always ... . The ending song to the Stars series , really cool beat and it is an awesome song .5 . Moonlight Densetsu ; the song every moonie knows of ! 6 . `` Rashiku '' Ikimasho ; has a very nice upbeat tune that you will love , and the song is so fun to sing to .7 . Watashi-tachi ni Naritakute ; a very sad song in my opinion , yet very beautiful . Think back to the time when Chibi-usa or Rini , fell in love with Helios , this song was played then , and believe it or not , the seiyuu -LRB- voice actor or actress -RRB- of Chibi-usa , did not sing this .8 . Sanji no Yosei ; this song is from the SuperS movie , remember the song that the little children sang about all the yummy sweets ? 9 . Morning Moon de Aimashoo ; This song is from the S movie , a pretty cool song but not one of my favorites .10 . Sunshine Moonlight ; a different song from what I was used to hearing but it is actually rather funny in a way , and it is a cool song .11 . Tuxedo Mirage ; Remember this one ? A very romantic melody , and the vocals are easy to listen to , love it ! 12 . Moonlight Destiny ; This is the French version of the song , which made the song even more entertaining , I really liked the French beat which is why I listen to this song probably more than any of the others ! 13 . Otome no Policy ; Really jumpy tune , like it a lot . nice vocals also .14 . Moon Revenge ; from the R movie , nice , but the senshi do n't sing this one , two other women do , which kinda brings the song to a downfall in my opinion , but still a very nice song .15 . Heart Moving ; not one of my favorites , but still a very worthwhile song , nice beat and vocals .16 . Princess Moon ; a very cute song , the vocals are just so adorable , i really like Kotono Mitsuishi -LRB- Usagi 's voice actress -RRB- because of her voice , very beautiful , yet it sounds so cute!This cd is truly worth the money and all the songs are great ! The cd also includes lyrics to all of the songs , but only in Japanese , for romanized lyrics you can go to -LSB- website -RSB- ... The cd 's booklet also has pictures from different things from the series , some are funny , some are sweet . Again , wonderful cd , great songs , and it 's truly a great buy .
 1 -RRB- Sailormoon sailorstars theme - I thought nothing could beat Moonlight Densetsu ... but this is great ! 2 -RRB- Nagareboshi he - Great chorus and Seyia 's voice is excellent ! 3 -RRB- Todokanu Omoi - Good song , but the last track is better ! 4 -RRB- Kaze mo sora mo - Loved this song for 9 years straight ! 5 -RRB- Moonlight Densetsu - Excellent remix by Moon Lips .6 -RRB- Rashiku Ikimaho - Somedays I like it , some days i do n't ! 7 -RRB- Watashi-tachi ni Naritakute - A worthy 5 minute sad love song .8 -RRB- Sanji no Yosei - Tend to skip this track .9 -RRB- Morning Moon de Aimashoo - Pretty Cast only good song .10 -RRB- Sunshine Moonlight - It 's alright .11 -RRB- Tuxedo Mirage - Peach Hips are great as a group . A wonderful 3rd season ending theme .12 -RRB- Moonlight Destiny - The Sailor Moon S movie theme ! Slow , but easy to listen to without getting bored too quickly . Pretty Cast ruined this song though .13 -RRB- Otome no Policy - A jumpy happy song . Was just right for the 1993 season ! 14 -RRB- Moon Revenge - Who does n't know this song ??!! 15 -RRB- Heart Moving - It 's okay . Does n't stand out from all the sailor moon songs .16 -RRB- Princess Moon - Apple Pie did a good job on this version , but the original version was cool too .
 I own this CD in Japanese original version . The correct title of Japanese CD is not `` Sailor Stars Best '' , but rather it is `` Sailor Stars '' or the `` Best Song Collection '' -LRB- of the Sailor Moon Songs in Japan -RRB- . All the songs included are sung in Japanese . Here , I will add the some information and write my impressions.First of all , among the total 10 songs , the first 4 are those of Sailor Stars -LRB- the 5th season series of SM , yet not broadcast in NA -RRB- , and the others are those of precedent 4 seasons ' representative songs . -LSB- 1 -RSB- -- `` Sailor Star Song '' is the opening theme to Srars . -LSB- 2 -RSB- -- `` Nagare-boshi e -LRB- To the Meteor -RRB- '' and -LSB- 3 -RSB- -- `` Todokanu Omoi -LRB- Thought which does not reach to -RRB- -- My Friend 's Love '' are inserted songs of Stars . And -LSB- 4 -RSB- -- `` Kaze mo Sora mo Kitto -LRB- The Wind , the Sky , they Surely -RRB- '' is ending theme to Stars , which I most love.The rest 6 songs are from 4 seasons ' series , and most popular songs in Japan . -LSB- 5 -RSB- -- `` Moonlight Densetsu -LRB- Moonlight Legend -RRB- '' is opening to SS , sung by Moon Lips . `` Moonlight Densetsu '' is always opening of Sailor Moon series except in the last season , i.e. Stars . But in the first 3 seasons , it is sung by Dali , and in SS , sung by Moon Lips . -LRB- American `` Sailor Moon Theme '' is the same melody of `` Moonlight Densetsu '' , however , I think Japanese song may be more dramatic and melodious -RRB- . -LSB- 6 -RSB- -- '' - Rashiku - Ikimasho -LRB- I will go as I am -RRB- '' by Meu is the second ending to SS , a charming small girl 's -LRB- maybe Rini 's -RRB- love song . -LRB- First ending to SS is `` Watashi-tachi ni Naritakute -LRB- Hoping to be with You -RRB- '' , which is unfortunately not included in this CD . But very beautiful love song -RRB- . -LSB- 7 -RSB- -- `` Tuxedo Mirage '' is ending to S , having a romantic melody . -LSB- 8 -RSB- -- `` Otome no Policy -LRB- Policy of Maidens -RRB- '' is ending to R. And -LSB- 9 -RSB- -- `` Heart Moving '' and -LSB- 10 -RSB- -- `` Princess Moon '' are 1st and 2nd ending themes to the First season SM.Well , I have about 40 Japanese music CDs and 2 American CDs of Sailor Moon -LRB- they are not single -RRB- . And in my opinion , one of the Best CDs must be this . I like `` Kaze mo Sora mo Kitto '' , the ending theme to Stars . The lyrics -LRB- and melody -RRB- are so beautiful and comfortable -LRB- consolable -RRB-
 This was the first Japanese Sailor Moon cd that I ever bought -LRB- except I have the SonMay version , which does have some differences but this review refers to the original -RRB- and I highly recommend it , especially for people just getting used to Japanese Sailor Moon music .1 . Sailor Star Song - This song was used as the opening to Sailor Stars , and is just fantastic ! It 's very upbeat and catchy .2 . Nagareboshi he -LRB- To the shooting star ?? -RRB- - The Three Lights main song ... played over and over again in Stars . It 's kind of slow , and it took a while for me to like it , but it stuck .3 . Todokanu Omoi -LRB- My Friend 's Love -RRB- - Another Three Lights song ... really fast , almost with a meringue-like beat to it . Great ! 4 . Kaze mo Sora mo Kitto - The closing theme for Sailor Stars ... once again , excellent , excellent song . It 's kind of laidback and relaxing ... I love it ! 5 . Moonlight Densetsu - The opening theme for SM-SMSS ... most people have heard this one at some point or another . It 's ok , but I really prefer the Sailor Star song6 . `` Rashiku '' Ikimasho - Ooh ! This song is addictive ! `` Lalala never give up '' . It 's so ... happy !! 7 . Tuxedo Mirage - Arguably the best song on the cd . Tuxedo Mirage is slow and quiet , and the 5 inner senshi sing it . There 's really no way to describe it ... you have to listen to it .8 . Otome no Policy - This song is also really cathcy and upbeat . The lyrics are great too -LRB- I do n't speak Japanese , I looked up a translation -RRB- 9 . Heart Moving - This song is kinda ... blah . Ir 's fast and cutesy , but I 've never really liked it that much .10 . Princess Moon - This track grows on you ... its sweet and pretty -LRB- although I prefer the orgel version -RRB- . That 's it then ... it 's a great cd , but -LRB- even though its bootlegged -RRB- I prefer the SonMay edition because 1 . I think it 's easier to find , and 2 . There are more tracks -LRB- even if Moon Revenge and Watashi-tachi ni Naritakute are pretty cast , which I ca n't stand -RRB- Enjoy listening !
 Sailor Stars best is the greatest ! The songs are cool , and you can find the lyrics anywhere ! What do you say about the Three Lights in '' Nagareboshi He ? -LRB- 2 -RRB- '' They have the best voices I 've ever heard ! You 've got to own this CD ! The listing are
 This CD is great !!! The vocals are wonderful and I love singing along to it . Also , the cover is beautiful . I only wish it had Moon Revenge . I would definitely recommend this CD !! There are 10 songs on it . My favorites are `` Stars Song '' , `` My Friend 's Love '' , `` Moonlight Densetsu '' , `` Otome no Policy '' , `` Rashiko Ikimasho '' , and `` Tuxedo Mirage '' .
 I own Sailor Moon And The Scouts
 ... This CD 's music is beautiful . Though I could n't understand a word they say , I still like the way the singers sing , the rhythm , the beat , everything . Among my favorite songs are
 All I have to say this album is very worth the money to any die-hard Sailor Moon fan . With songs from all 4 seasons plus a few extras . Of course the stars songs are the best but then again I 'm biased cause it is my favorite season . I totally recommend this album to anyone out there looking to listen to the original Japanes scores of music .
 i dont own this , but i ahve all the MP3s and i just have to say that this cd is awesome !!!
 I bought this 16 song c.d on a shopping spree at Funfair in Garden city and let me tell you it is the BEST ! Sailor Stars is the final Sailor Moon season and has n't been shown in Australia -LRB- yet -RRB- . But I LUV to listen to the songs here and I KNOW ALL THE WORDS !!! 1 Sailor Stars Song = the catchy and really cool Stars opening that is my favourte ! 2 Search for your Love = another cool song with good music and cool lyrics ! 3 My friends Love = a cool song played for one of the transformations ! 4 Sailor Moon R Ending = The song played at the end of Sailor Moon R with great lyrics ! 5 THE ORIGINAL AND VERY COOL SAILOR MOON THEME !!! 6 Ca n't remember what it 's called ... but its got fantastic music and great lyrics ! 7 You will always be right here in my heart/Watashi tach ni narika ku te = Slow and beatiful song about Chibi-Usa and Helios ! 8 No idea what its called = catchy beat , gets stuck in head and could be used for a Sailor Scout March ! 9 Morning Moon = A great song with fantastc lyrics and really nice music ! 10 Sunshine Moonlight = A fantastc song that really gets into those saxaphones ! 11 Tuxedo Mirage/Takushido Miragu = A beatiful song about Usagi and Momaru ! 12 Moonlight Destiny = Starts out exotic then gets really cool ... does it have French or Cantonese in it ?!?! 13 A Maiden 's Policey/Otomeno Porishi = A great song with great music , great lyrics and an even greater name ! GIRLS RULE !!! 14 Moon Revenge = The cool fight scene music from Sailor Moon R that I play when Im mad ! 15 Heart Moving = I LOVE THIS ONE ! It has really cool lyrics that start of -LRB- Yu me no na ka fu to i de i to ma ne -RRB- ! 16 Princess Moon = Nice song about Usagi Tsukino , The Princess of The Moon !
 I remember buying this cd way back in middle school , which was probably the time when it first came out and I remember it being a whole lot cheaper . Still this cd is worth it . I use to live in Japan when I was little , but moved right when Sailor Moon Super S was starting , so I had no idea of the Stars Series . Love all the songs on here and it helped me relearn my japanese a bit too !
 the album name is calledSailor Moon
 I am a big Sailor Moon fan , I even have all the episodes and english manga . It 's one of the best song collection cd for the Sailor Moon series . Out of all the music cd out there it 's a must have for fans of the series .
 I love it because it 's my favorite series of Sailor Moon . And now that I bought the first 2 volumes of Sailor Stars and going to get the rest . It 's awsome and all you Sailor Fans I recommend this CD to all of you because the opening song and ending are so cute to listen . This is one of the Best CDs of Sailor Moon .
 This is a very good cd if you are new to Anime Cd 's that are not english . All of the songs on it are great . I am not new to this form of music anymore so if you are new to this form of music and are a Sailor Moon fan like me . This would be a very good buy . ; -RCB-
 This CD rules ! I own it and I luv it ! the songs are all beautiful . The songs I like are Sailor Star Song , Nagareboshi He -LRB- yay 3 lights -RRB- , Todokanu Omoi-My Friends Love - , Kaze mo Sora mo Kitto , Moonlight Densetsu , `` Rashiku '' Ikimashou , Tuxedo Mirage , Otome no Policy , Heart Moving , and Princess Moon . Yes that 's right , all of them ! hehe ! Nah , my faves are Nagareboshi He and Todokanu Omoi -LRB- both 3 Lights ! -RRB-
 Sailor Stars best is the greatest ! The songs are cool , and you can find the lyrics anywhere ! What do you say about the Three Lights in '' Nagareboshi He ? -LRB- 2 -RRB- '' They have the best voices I 've ever heard ! You 've got to own this CD ! The listing are
 OHMIGOSH !! This is THE most amazing cd !! Most of the songs are upbeat and really fun , especially Todokanu Omoi -LRB- even though it 's really a sad song -RRB- . My most favorite is Kaze mo Sora mo Kitto -LRB- The wind , the sky , always -RRB- not only because it 's a song from my favorite season , but also because it sounds mellow and romantic . The other songs are really worth listening to . I guarantee you will not regret buying this album . I know I do n't .
 This is the absolute best of Sailor Moon right here . Not only is Sailor Moon Sailor Stars the best season ever the sonds are the GREATEST !
 I Really liked this CD becuase it introduced me into the world of Sailor Moon imported music . This Album is a good choice for beginners in the Sailor moon Anime music and I stroungly recomend it to people who prefer the nondubbed sailor Moon sesons .
 One of the earlier SM sound tracks I have goten.Still great .
 This is one of my favorite albums . The score for this film was extrodinary and the original music performed by Deborah Lurie was absolutely gorgeous.The top 5 songs of the soundtrack :1 . `` It 's Alright '' by Peace Out featuring Chris Logan -LRB- Black Sabbath cover -RRB- 2 . `` Tim 's Song '' - Deborah Lurie3 . `` The District Sleeps Alone Tonight '' - Postal Service4 . `` Baby Hold On '' - Nina Khoury5 . `` Waterfall '' - I-94This is the very best cover of `` It 's Alright '' I 've ever heard . Guns N Roses tried it once but this one is slightly better . It 's a beautiful song and was a fantastic choice for this movie . The lyrics and overall sound of the song fit the story and pace of the music perfectly . So kudos to them for choosing to re-record it .
 Yes the Black Sabbath cover of `` Its alright '' is great and worth having just for that one song .
 This is an excellent CD that is entertaining from start to end , and every tune is tastefully arranged by the entire band . For this effort Candy takes it up another level , both in terms of her incredible sax playing as well as showcasing her beautiful voice more than ever with her singing on each song . This is a very mainstream jazzy funk CD that will get a lot of radio play on the jazz stations , and has a variety of grooves on it that should please everyone and impress any critics at the level of diversity achieved on this release . Candy has learned quite a bit from her papa Hans , who himself is an incredible sax player and band leader also , and it seems that Prince had a big influence on Candy since her participation in his band last year along with sax maniac Maceo Parker . I 'd recommend buying 2 of these CDs , one to listen to and one to serve as a backup after you 've worn out the first CD from playing it non-stop from beginning to end , as all 14 tunes on this CD are well arranged and enjoyable to listen to every time.When I first heard Candy back on her incredible first release titled ` Saxuality ' , I had it on cassette and wore out the tape in about the first month , so I later bought another copy on CD . This new CD is equally impressive and is the kind of compilation that I believe Miles Davis would have really enjoyed listening to and playing on as well . The title cut is about her first time seeing and hearing Miles Davis perform , and I must say that this CD will ` hit you right in your soul ' once you 've heard it through , and especially if you have the delightful opportunity to see and hear Candy -LRB- with Funky Stuff -RRB- play this new music live on stage . Earlier this year -LRB- in May -RRB- I was very fortunate to see/hear Candy perform this new material live on 2 different occasions with her band in her homeland of the Netherlands , and each show was excellent and the level of her playing , singing and leading the band and getting the crowd into it was at a very high level of energy that very few musicians come close to anywhere in this world today.This CD is a definite must have for all of you jazz fanatics like myself , it 's one of her best efforts to date and truly demonstrates her mastery of the instrument and a genuine understanding of composing mainstream jazz grooves to a funky beat . All of the members of her band are extremely talented and blend together wonderfully , and while listening to this CD if you do not get up and boogie than you either do n't have a pulse or you do n't have an ear for true quality jazz music , or both . There is n't one bad song on this CD , and if you are fortunate enough to catch this material performed live by Candy and Funky Stuff in the future you will have an even greater appreciation for the level of her playing and singing , and will have a better understanding of what Prince refers to as `` real music played by real musicians '' . Candy continues to impress me every time I have seen her perform , and this new CD is a wonderful inspiration to horn players and musicians around the world , as music is a universal language , and she speaks her mind on every note . Just buy this CD and if you are unsatisfied for any reason I would gladly buy your copy from you to give as a gift to someone else who truly appreciates good quality jazz grooves and a beautiful woman who can play an incredible sax AND sing ! I can not think of any other musician who can play the sax , sing on each tune and lead a band so well as Candy does on this release and tour . A must have for any jazzy funk fan !!!
 Glad to hear her step a little into the techno relm with her stuff . So many sax players all sound the same . This ones fun ...
 This is a very good CD . If I could just stop playing Finsbury Park I could really enjoy the other songs even more.Very talented lady !
 This CD and Sax-a-go-go are good upbeat jazz , if you have not heardThis Lady can Blow !
 Ghost once again shows why he is one of the best lyricists in the game . This is the fourth consecutive solo album on which he delivers witty lyrics and flows . As I 'm a great wu fan I 'm always a little disappointed with new Wu albums since Ironman . Since then the rawness slipped away from the Wu . Which ` was n't for the good of the cLan . Any way Ghost brings you some nice soulfull tracks on this album . Kinda like he did on the Bulletproof wAllets album . He got some nice guest appearences with Styles and Sheek on MEtal Lunghies where Sheek shows off his skills like he did on his nice debut album . Other standout tracks are the more hardcore Be this way and probably the best track on the album , the RZA produced Run featuring JAdakiss . But it 's once again a disappointment that this is the only RZA trazk on this album.With The Pretty Toney ALbum Ghost shows once again how to rhyme and creates his own chamber with this heavyily soulful album.BIG UP !!!
 Two great live recordings covering Roky 's output from the late 70ies/early 80ies throwing in a couple of Elevators tunes . While one show has very good sound the other is only of semibootleg quality both shows shows Roky with band in topform . Essential listen for the Roky fan and a great way to have his studio outputs in a liveform .
 So I may be writing a slightly biased review on this single because I am such a huge fan of the original version , which first appeared on the scene back in 1993 . This disc is grand because you get the Original 12 '' Mix -LRB- which was produced by Murk -RRB- , as well as a couple of brand new mixes ! Here 's the lowdown ... 1 -RRB- Sushi Twin Groovy Radio Edit - 3:55 - a shorter version of track 3 . See review below .2 -RRB- Full Intention Radio Edit - 3:30 - a shorter version of track 6 . See Review Below .3 -RRB- Sushi Twins Groovy Mix - 5:55 - a rousing foot stomper here . The Sushi Twins take those fantastic vocals and wrap them around a sample of an all-time party favorite ... Deee-Lite 's `` Groove Is In The Heart '' ! And does it ever work well . FUNKY ! FUNKY ! FUNKY ! Old fans of this song will embrace this mix , and the first timers will enjoy the familiarity of the Deee-Lite sample .4 -RRB- Original 12 '' Mix - 8:15 - Oh , the original Murk mix . That bottom heavy sound . That singalong chorus . The fantastic hook . What a smash . Heard around the clubs worldwide when released back in 1993 , and is still a hot little number right now . This is the true Murk sound that I miss so much . Also , a note ; this version is longer than the version of the same name available on the now-deleted original US maxi .5 -RRB- Sushi Twins Instrumental Version - 5:40 - the name pretty much says it all . It 's an instrumental mix of the Sushi Twins Groovy Mix .6 -RRB- Full Intention 12 '' Mix - 7:00 - This mix starts out with a nice toe-tapping beat , with a quick lead in to the chorus , where they chop up the vocals for a moment , then back to the chorus . This repeats for about a minute until the pianos & synths come in to make this a VERY lite house number . Gone are the bottom heavy sounds of the Murk mix , also gone are the groovy sounds of the Sushi Twins mix , and what we 're left with is a dull remix which is easily the worst of the bunch -LRB- the original batch of '93 mixes and these newer mixes -RRB- . Full Intention had a great track to work with and most of their remixes are pretty good -LRB- eg ; Ultra Nate 's `` Free '' , Jennifer Lopez 's `` Love Do n't Cost A Thing '' , East 57th Street 's `` Saturday '' -RRB- so who knows what happened here.This cd loses one star for the dull Full Intention mix , but do n't let that prevent you from picking this one up for the classic Murk mix and the funtastic Sushi Twins mix .
 I remember reading somewhere that within the Hollywood music community , Hugo Friedhofer was the composer most respected by his peers . He spent many years at Warner Brothers orchestrating the music of others - principally Korngold and Steiner - and composed few scores of his own until the late 1940s . His music is not terribly well known even now . Until recently , there was almost nothing of his work available to the public beyond his Oscar-winning THE BEST YEARS OF OUR LIVES -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , which should by all rights be as celebrated as the best known work of anyone . Fortunately , thanks to Maestros Stromberg and Morgan here and also to the good folks at Film Score Monthly elsewhere it 's now possible to obtain more Friedhofer scores.I 've had this album for almost a decade and have listened frequently . I 've always been fond of romantic exoticism and there 's plenty of that here with THE ADVENTURES OF MARCO POLO -LRB- China -RRB- , THE RAINS OF RANCHIPUR -LRB- India -RRB- and SEVEN CITIES OF GOLD -LRB- Ibero-America -RRB- . These three scores are all of a piece yet wonderfully complementary . My favorite of the three is THE RAINS OF RANCHIPUR ; its beautiful `` Love Theme '' actually conjures the mental image of a lonely , rainy day in South Asia . Amazing . The whole of SEVEN CITIES OF GOLD is gorgeous , also.Now , the downside . First , this album would be improved minus THE LODGER . For one thing , the other three scores play better without its interruption . Secondly , most of THE LODGER is lost in the disc and does n't project ; minutes will go by in seeming silence . That is a BIG problem . But for the excitement at the outset -LRB- which , even so , is muted and unfocused compared to the original recording in the film itself -RRB- and again at the end , very little catches one 's attention.Much of THE ADVENTURES OF MARCO POLO seems to fade out , also . The orchestra sounds at times as if they 're all struggling to stay awake - and I 've felt the same way with other Stromberg/Morgan discs -LRB- especially THE HUNCHBACK OF NOTRE DAME -RRB- . I 'm not a recording engineer and I 've not miked orchestras , so I ca n't say what it is , but either the performance is not being adequately captured or the orchestra is playing too often at a whisper.Still , this is an attractive program and a worthwhile purchase .
 The `` golden era '' of Hollywood had film scores written by the likes of Rozsa , Steiner , Newman , Herrmann , and Friedhofer . Hugo Friedhofer is primarily remembered for his Academy Award winning music to THE BEST YEARS OF OUR LIVES . Most of his scores are rich orchestral masterpieces but he is not as well known as well as some of his contemporaries . Still , his music is worth a listen today.Marco Polo continues recording music from `` forgotten '' film classics with commendable performances by the Moscow Symphony Orchestra . This CD contains superb music from four of his earlier works
 The modest skillful orchestrator Hugo Friedhofer spent most of his career in the shadows of his friends , film score icons Steiner and Korngold . In fact , during interviews he prefered to discuss their achievements rather than his own . John Morgan that master film score reconstructor has given us here a generous sampling of this talented neglected film composer/orchestrator . The selections span the `` Golden Era '' , from the 1930 's to mid fifties . None of this is great music , but other than the `` Lodger '' we 're treated to some exotic instrumentation and melodic themes typical of the fables told and the locals filmed . The `` Lodger '' uses somber and sad elements and modern techniques to illustrate the demented Jack the Ripper . I prefer when Morgan strings together themes as in `` Marco Polo '' , rather than the seemingly endless track by track divisions nearly always implemented not just with this composer . `` Marco Polo '' comes off more like an exotic tone poem . All in all , this is another well recorded project of one more valued film composer that if not undertaken would have gone down in obscurity .
 The new Ducky Boys album The War Back Home is a perfect example where less is more . A pause at the perfect spot , the band vocals roaring in all at once , or a collaborative melody provide diversity in the songs yet tying them in so you will not be asking yourself `` which album is this '' ? The War Back Home puts together the stripped down version of the band so well it is unfortunate that it will probably never be main stream enough to get air play.I will have to admit this is somewhat appealing from a fan 's perspective . If you are one of the few that have a copy of an album , you hold something that has not been played a million times but is instantly a classic . You will be that guy with the good music that no one knows about.Much like Green Day 's American Idiot or AFI songs of sorrow The War Back Home brings the Ducky Boys up to another level . The songs are so well crafted and put together that it should be studied by future bands on how a successful band grows in their abilities , keeping the feel that is the Ducky Boys without resorting to the same formula.The album is not centered on solely the band 's personal experiences but also encompasses world issues . The War Back Home somehow makesyou feel better that your personal life and the world is in chaos.The three piece band are n't just the foundation for the vocals . As cliche as it sounds the sum is more than its parts . Jay 's drum beats keep some songs grounded , and other times accentuate that guitar chord to let you know they are keeping to their roots of bare bones good music . It seems that Mark 's lead vocals have increased in range in proportion to the song composition ability.Although Doug has been characterized as a backup vocalist , I do n't think that title does justice . Instead his vocals add another layerof harmony in a world where the backup vocalist is a carbon copy of the lead singer . His guitar style of using full chords strays away from the traditional power chords often played . You may notice that little extra sound that makes a big difference.If you have been to a recent show you can see the crowd 's enthusiasm when a favorite 3 Chords and The Truth song starts rockin.People 's reactions may be eclipsed when the War Back Home is out long enough for everyone to sing along.Trying to put a category on the album wo n't be very helpful , because it is Boston punk , rock , but not in a traditional sense.Much like Operation Ivy is the starter drug for punk fans , The ducky boys new album is going to be a gateway for anyone who hassaid they do n't like punk . Either way , fan 's will be left saying I want more , while others will be saying , wow this is reallygood , who is this again?In a decade that ca n't quite be categorized musically , the ducky boys fit in . When the music world has gotten the pop punk diseasethis is the pill that takes care of it . It truly is what music is all about . Feeling , composition , energy , growth , and expression .
 I picked this album up after hearing the Ducky Boys last release -LRB- Three Chords and the Truth -RRB- . I figured that it was worth a shot , simply because they sounded so down to earth and human.This album grabs you immediately . There 's no other way to say it . Listen to `` Celebrate '' and you 'll realize that there 's no turning back from the rest of the album . You 'll feel like the guys next door , or your cousin , or your best friend is telling you stories listening to this . Everything sounds heartfelt , and makes you realize that you 're part of something bigger.The references to `` Fight Club '' in `` Middle Children of History '' make the song hit even harder . `` Bombs Away '' could be , with `` Celebrate '' , among the BEST anti-war anthems ever . You need a good heartfelt break-up song of sorts ? Check out `` This Time Last Year '' ... This album is a great entry into The Ducky Boys and punk rock as a whole . The album is n't terribly `` hard '' but it hits hard with it 's lyrical and musical quality.Simply put , had Green Day , or anyone else released this , `` The War Back Home '' would be lauded for years as the best album of 2006 . Pick it up as soon as you can ...
 Charlestown 's boys bring back another classic cd . Mark Lind 's lyrics should be taking in . He is a poet . This band 's been through alot and this is their best album yet . Favorites include Kids , Two Thieves and a Savior , Tortured Soul , and Celebrate but the whole cd is awesome . Highly Recommended .
 I love Holland and the Dutch language , and my Dutch penpal sent me a tape with various Dutch artists . I love `` Dromen Zijn Bedrog '' , which is a mix of sort of modern-90s music , techno , and a chorus in the background . Fast and energetic ! I do n't recall the other songs too well but this album is awesome . Go Dutch !
 Albert Lee has been delighting me since his days with Heads Hands and Feet . I have always been a rock fan except for Albert Lee . His music is so well done and just plain pleasant to listen to that it draws me right in . His guitar skills are as good as anyone in the buisness . His guitar is always there but never overpowering . This CD contains material I originally bought on record more years ago than I 'd care to admit . It still sounds as fresh and clean as it did all those years ago . I would recommend this CD to anyone with an ear for dazzling guitar work with a country flavor . His choice of material os first rate and the recording quality of the CD is also first rate . Buy this thing and you 'll like it .
 I have owned both these albums on vinyl since I saw Albert Lee playing with Eric Clapton on the `` Money & Cigarettes '' tour in the early ' 80 's . Before that , Lee was a member of Emmylou Harris ' Hot Band.The guitar work on `` Country Boy '' is outstanding . Other favorites are `` Sweet Little Lisa '' and the John Hiatt-penned `` Pink Bedroom '' . This is highly recommended .
 Thanks once again to the mighty Raven label for reissuing two albums that were unjustly out of print . I 'd been looking for a copy of the self-titled Albert Lee album on CD for many years . It 's an outstanding batch of tunes , produced by Rodney Crowell . Most music fans know all about Albert Lee 's prowess as a guitar player for hire , but on these two albums -LRB- now on a single CD -RRB- he shows off his skills as both a singer and interpreter of other artists ' songs . Lee throws in a handful of originals -LRB- His song `` Your Boys '' is one of the highlights of the self-titled album -RRB- , but he really shines on a pair of John Hiatt tunes -LRB- `` Pink Bedroom '' and `` Radio Girl '' -RRB- and `` Sweet Little Lisa , '' a song that Hank DeVito wrote and that was also covered by Dave Edmunds . His version of the Everly 's `` So Sad '' is also very good . I had never heard the other album , `` Hiding '' before , but that one is also impressive . The material on `` Hiding '' is more in the country-rock vein -LRB- as opposed to the more new-rock focus of the other album -RRB- . His version of Crowell 's `` Ai n't Living Long Like This '' is my favorite track on that album , but he also does pleasing covers of a Dire Straits/Mark Knopfler tune -LRB- `` Setting Me Up '' -RRB- and a vintage Louvin Brothers tune -LRB- `` Are you Wasting my Time '' -RRB- . Together , these two albums are a delight ; chock full of great songs and they also show off Lee 's guitar playing and his underrrated and very distinctive vocals . Fans of John Hiatt and Rodney Crowell should like this package , as well as anyone who enjoys quality country-rock .
 The service and product are excellent and the information on the product is good before and after the sale . I would recomend this service to anyone .
 I had a cassette tape of a friend 's version of these two albums . Even the vinyl was out of print and I have been waiting for their release on CD.Hauntingly good tunes , and great early guitar work . Buy 'em .
 & # 65279 ; 1 . Review by Timothy Lovelace , American Record Guide , March-April 1997 `` This disc is notable for the gorgeous voice of Marjorie Patterson and the charming songs of the young Spohr ... Patterson is an impressive advocate . She varies strophes imaginatively , her diction is clear , and her voice is opulent ... I recommend this release to all singers looking for neglected gems . `` 2 . Review by & # 65279 ; John Warrack , Gramophone , February 1997 `` With one of Goethe 's most famous lyrics , Mignon 's `` Kennst du das Land '' , genius was not burning at its brightest with eitherBeethoven , Schubert or Schumann , and though the dramatic power of Wolf 's great song was hardly at Spohr 's command , he did make a fine , strong , perceptive setting that deserves much wider currency . Marjorie Patterson and Daniel Sarge perform it with the conviction it deserves ; they are an excellent Lieder duo , with the intelligence to sense the expressive weightof each song . ''
 There may be some who disagree with the idea of this album being a bonafide classic , but I feel it ranks among the best of the Gladiators work . Just to listen to a song like ` Let Jah Be Praised ' feels good . The title track is hot , as is ` Red Green and Gold ' . Really there 's nothing on the album I do n't like , just some more than others . Excellent reggae , on par with ` Trenchtown Mix Up ' or ` Proverbial Reggae ' .
 `` Balan '' is the fifth volume released from John Zorn 's Masada Book Two . The Masada project was originally a songbook of melodies written using the `` Jewish scales '' by Zorn as a springboard for improvisation performed by a pianoless quartet and later by other bands . Over a decade after he began the project , Zorn composed a second book of Masada pieces -- the Book of Angels , and has invited different ensembles to interpret the pieces on each volume . `` Balan '' features the Cracow Klezmer Band -- leader , arranger and bayan -LRB- accordian -RRB- player Joroslaw Bester , violinist Jaroslaw Tyrala , percussionist Oleg Dyyak and bassist Wojciech Front . For this recording , the band is augmented by the Dafo String quartet -LRB- violinists Justyna Duda and Danuta Augustyn , violist Aneta Dumanowska , and cellist Anna Armatts -RRB- as well as computer instrumentalist Ireneusz Socha and vocalit Jorgos Skolias.Bester 's arrangements tackle eight of the new Masada pieces -- he tends to favor an air of moodiness or perhaps almost remorsefulness , particularly in the pieces with an expanded ensemble -- `` Haniel '' is probably the best of this . Bester states the theme on the bayan , a skipping , bouncing theme played in a lower register , with swirling pizzicato strings echoing and supporting before the theme is split between the strings and the groaned , moaned , and babbled vocals of Skolias move to the fore . The first time through I heard this , I sat around pretty much stunned by it -- it manages a delicacy and litheness while at the same time managing an uncommon depth of mournfulness . Other highlights include `` Kadosh '' , one of the many cartoon-music inspired themes in Zorn 's songbook , with Bester and Tyrala performing a frantic dual-improv more than a little reminiscent of the John Zorn/Dave Douglas pairing , stunning `` Lirael '' , which finds Tyrala rising and falling in the same breathy fashion that the accordian does with the two trading the theme and the violin eventually playing a downright distraught solo supported only by the bayan , and `` Asbeel '' , a frantic piece that builds gently , gaining in volume and momentum with Tyrala stating the theme frantically over the top of chugging accordian-driven rhythms . All in all , it proves to be quite a nice album -- even the less memorable songs are worth a listen -LRB- opener `` Zuriel '' -RRB- , with the only real dud on the record being bayan solo `` Jehoel '' , which feels to come apart during the improvised passages.I felt at times that the band felt out of place on their last interpretation of Masada pieces -LRB- `` Sanatorium Under the Sign of the Hourglass '' -RRB- , that the improvs felt a bit forced now and again , even when the theme statements set up a fine atmosphere -- this album resolves that problem , the band seems to have really dug into the material and even the expanded ensemble pieces get fine , tight readings . Recommended .
 For all of you LA based ska-brothers this is an excellant CD ! This CD has almost all of UT 's good songs ! The only songs missing are The General , Tropical bird , Twist & crawl and Dance beat -LRB- the singles -RRB- . This is a `` ca n't miss '' cd !
 Man , these guys were so happenin ' . A little Ska , a little reggae , a little Stax/Motown . What might have happened if these guys got the shine they deserved ... The CD puts a smile on my face every time I play it.Buy it . Play it loud . Dance around like the kid you know is still inside .
 I have been looking for this in CD for years . My archaic plastic disc is worn out . Maybe it 's because I knew these guys at one time -LRB- Hey Josh ! you out there ? -RRB- they remain my favorite ska band , especially the song `` What 's Gone Wrong '' . Could it be any prettier ? I think not.The guys were great , the music 's tight , and the energy is unbelievable.So , if you like to dance , buy this CD.If you do n't like to dance ... buy this CD !
 This CD has been digitally remastered and does long deserved justice to one of the most underrated bands ever . Three cheers to Hip-O/MCA for finally doing the right thing in re-releasing this classic . The Untouchables work on this piece is true artistry . The ingredients of ska , reggae , soul , funk , and rock are blended perfectly here producing a delectable platter of high-energy , soulful music that will leave no one sitting . If this does n't make you get up and move ... check your pulse , you may be dead !
 Pigeonholed as a SKA band , this release shows The untouchables mastery in rock , reggae , ska and R&B while making a sound all their own . A party album that is also smart and universal . BUY IT !!!
 I have been waiting for this to be released on CD for years ! I have the cassette and it is about worn through ! If you are an Untouchables fan you must have this CD .
 This is a super album . Not to diss the British but The UNTOUCHABLES outta L.A. mastered that soul/ska sound better than THE ENGLISGH BEAT . `` I Confess '' is the only song I can deal with by those guys.The UNTOUCHABLES are far more intelleGENT and talented with their sound selection . Favorites `` I Spy For The F.B.I. '' , `` Freak In The Streets '' , `` What 's Gone Wrong '' , `` Free Yourself '' , `` Piece Of Your Love '' , `` Steppin ' Stone -LRB- Live -RRB- '' , `` Shine On '' and My Kind Of Girl '' . This CD keeps you on the move.I can not give them 100 % props though , their style tends to get a little corny but it 's ok , it 's ok . I 'm not dissing the THE ENGLISH BEAT at all , but with that beat they need some UNTOUCHABLE soul . . like this !!!!
 I 'm sitting at my desk with the original 12 '' promo of `` Freak In The Street , '' and start thinking I want to see if they have this song somewhere on CD . I get lost on the internet looking for an old school rap group when these guys are straight up Ska/Reggae ! I finally take a listen to the Wild Child CD -LRB- which is also listed on this 12 '' along w / The Untouchables Dance Party MCA-36016 which is impossible to find ! -RRB- All these years why have I only heard this one song , I think to myself . Messed up promoting from u know who , Damn Record labels ... Artists , take control of your career ` cuz you are the power behind your own product , NOT THE INDUSTRY !!
 Wow , a re-release of an old tape that I had lost . It sure brings back a lot of old memories . Great artistry here , folks . The Untouchables had a style all their own , it is hard to find a group that could make a respectable recording and make it sound even better live ! `` What 's Gone Wrong ? '' has to be the prettiest song that I have ever heard . Unlike some bands that have faded into obscurity , these guys still travel and play . They still sound as good as they did 10 years ago ! This CD is worth buying !!!
 For anyone who caught `` Free Yourself '' on MTV or stumbled on to it at a party or on the radio , this is a treat . The Untouchables were a great , underrated ska-esque band that really knew how to groove . The songs are all fairly strong , the record diverse , and the extras worth the money . Highly recommended !
 An epic piece of work by a terribly underrated SoCal band . Many of these songs were featured in the classic 80s Bystrom surf flick `` Beyond Blazing Boards '' . This album is inspirational on many different levels , for sure . From the adrenallin pumping `` Wild Child '' to the reflective , reggae-esque `` What 's Gone Wrong '' , this album is non-stop . Hit after hit after hit ... today 's artists should take some notes .
 This is a classic album from one of the pioneer bands in the American ska and mod scene . Though some of the tracks miss the mark -LRB- Piece of Your Love , Soul Together -RRB- , this album should be in your collection if you are a fan of ska , mod , soul and scootering culture . Back when this album came out , a lot of the hardcore `` scenester '' fans dismissed it , but I 've always liked it , and this album should have been a stepping stone to launch the band to further success . Tracks `` Wild Child , '' `` What 's Gone Wrong , '' `` Free Yourself , '' `` Mandigo , '' `` Laser Show , '' are classics and still sound great after 20-plus years . The inclusion of the bonus tracks `` Lebanon , '' `` Whiplash '' and `` The Lonely Bull '' -LRB- the Herb Alpert cover -RRB- make this a great package . If you want to get a feel for what the underground music scene in LA in the early 80 's was all about , listen to this album . Unfortunately , bands like The Untouchables are mostly forgotten , but they played an important role in bridging the musical gap between the British 2-Tone movement -LRB- which was pretty-much dead by the time this album was released -RRB- and what would become the third wave of ska spearheaded by American ska-fusion bands in the 1990 's .
 The Untouchables were knocking around SoCal back in the early 80 's putting out their brand of Soulful Ska . This is great stuff in the English Beat Selecter mode with some Soul And Funk thrown in the mix . Songs like Wild Child , I Spy For The FBI and Free Yourself should move you , unless you 're dead . A few songs sound dated -LRB- 80 's production -RRB- but for the most part very fresh . This CD contains ALL of the music recorded/released by Stiff UK -LRB- The US Enigma EP The Lp on MCA and B-sides and single versions of lp tracks -RRB- So happy that this was reissued ! What are you waiting for . . come on and FREE YOURSELF !
 Awesome awesome album ! There are more great songs on this CD than on just about any other CD I have ever purchased ! Dont you hate it when you buy a CD and find out that there are only 1 or 2 good songs ? Not in this case ! Buy it if you like OG ska , you wont regret it ! now if only they would release the 6 or so videos that they had for this album on DVD ! Jerry Miller are you listening ???
 My husband wanted this CD . We were n't sure we 'd be able to find one and were delighted to find one on Amazon . My husband is enjoying listening to it .
 I played this album so much in high school I wore the ink off the cassette tape ! I probably had n't heard it for 15 years , but when I popped in the CD I was singing along word for word again right away . Not that it 's earth shakingly original , but this album is so much fun to listen to , and that 's what 's really more important . Tight , funky musicianship , a great party album and excellent remastering . `` Lasershow '' has n't aged well , but everything else - the classic title track , `` Free Yourself , '' `` I Spy For The FBI '' and my personal favorite `` Piece Of Your Love '' - still gets you dancing . Glad to finally have a copy of `` Stepping Stone '' again , and the other B sides - especially `` Whiplash '' and `` Shine On '' - are great too.If you 're reading this review , you know this is a lost '80s classic . Do n't wait any longer - get it back in your collection !
 Oddly , this one was a sleeper . High-energy , but not frenetic like Save Ferris or others , this album really packs a punch . Hard to compare , but warmer melodies than most , maintaining the infectious pace . Very good stuff . An essential for any ska collector .
 This is the album everybody 's been looking forward to . The second release by Christy Baron is a must buy item . Her renditions of rock classics such as Santana 's `` She 's not there '' and Classics VI 's `` Spooky '' breathe new life into these old songs . Ideal for a late night sitting alone sipping a scotch . And the recording is simply superb .
 Christy Baron 's 2nd release is one of the most refreshing & experimental quasi-jazz CD 's that follows in the same steps as Patricia Barber . Both singers come from a silky smoke Jazz ballad background & each experiment with different styles almost to the point of the avant-guard while not losing the Jazz mainstream . Maybe this is the reason why some like her 1st CD better , which fits more in the Jazz standard category . Unlike Patricia Barber , who writes many of her own songs , Christy Baron takes off with songs from different artists from Peter Gabriel 's `` Mercy Street '' to Princes 's `` Thieves in the Temple '' . Each of these songs take on an emotional uniqueness that they no longer sound as if they were from the original artists . There is even a Tibetan monk 's throat chord chant in a song . Therefore for lovers of the `` Something Different '' , this may fit to your liking .
 What a great voice and masterful delivery of material . Someone else wrote sexy with a capitol S but that is insufficient . I 'm not a big jazz fan and I guess this is not classic jazz but some sub-genre that really turns me on . Somehow the instrumentation , which is good , fades into the backround because Christy 's voice is so present and distinctive . I ca n't tell you how many times I 've played this cd and chosen it over my favorite classic rock . Its a great album to enjoy when you 're happy just being by yourself and also a very nice listen when you 're with someone special . I 'm so glad I found some other music by her and I surely hope there is more comming . By the way , it has a couple of cuts that do n't feature her and they are interesting and do n't detract from the album . Also , I read in one of her bios that she starred in an indie movie called Pants on Fire . You can bet I 'll be watching that if I can locate it .
 Once again , Chesky does it right ... this album is absolutely wonderful . Great voice ... sexy , sultry , presented with Chesky 's usual technical perfection.The music here is Jazz standard , with some numbers , of course , better known than others . Christy has a perfect voice for this material , and uses it marvelously . Naturally , the instrumental back-up and recording technique are up to Chesky 's usual high standard.Pretty girl , fine music , wonderful singing ... Enjoy .
 ATTENTION NONESUCH RECORDS ! THIS ARTIST NEEDS TO BE ON YOUR LABEL ! SIGN HER ! My favorite of all the new genre of vocalists ! If you 've heard Bonnie Raitt or Sheryl Crow in their jazz or blues-ier moments , raw , full of life , loss and heartache , then you 've got an idea what Ms. Baron holds in store . Her singing is rich and warm , and even in more non-traditional cuts like Prince 's `` Thieves in the Temple '' , she soars through . My favorite cuts are `` Mercy Street '' -LRB- yes , the Peter Gabriel song - brilliantly reinterpreted -RRB- , and the always beautiful `` The Shadow of Your Smile . '' My only reservations are that Ms. Baron is an exciting and original vocalist , yet the Producers have obviously seen the project as theirs and not hers . Next time , just LET HER SING - that 's why you 've signed her ! Plus , the two original cuts on the album , written by two unknown songwriters -LRB- one is a Producer -RRB- , do n't feature Ms. Baron . A curiosity . I look forward to whatever she puts out next , and hope next time , the producers do less , and let Ms. Baron do wayyyy more . ARE YOU LISTENING NONESUCH ???
 I love this cD the girls voice is sultry soulful funky and spot on ... So different from the first album which was great ... This one takes it to the next level ... BUY IT
 I love this cD the girls voice is sultry soulful funky and spot on ... So different from the first album which was great ... This one takes it to the next level ... BUY IT
 ATTENTION NONESUCH RECORDS ! THIS ARTIST NEEDS TO BE ON YOUR LABEL ! SIGN THIS HER ! My favorite of all the new genre of vocalists ! If you 've heard Bonnie Raitt or Sheryl Crow in their jazz or blues-ier moments , raw , full of life , loss and heartache , then you 've got an idea what Ms. Baron holds in store . Her singing is rich and warm , and even in more non-traditional cuts like Prince 's `` Thieves in the Temple '' , she soars through . My favorite cuts are `` Mercy Street '' -LRB- yes , the Peter Gabriel song - brilliantly reinterpreted -RRB- , and the always beautiful `` The Shadow of Your Smile . '' My only reservations are that Ms. Baron is an exciting and original vocalist , yet the Producers have obviously seen the project as theirs and not hers . Next time , just LET HER SING - that 's why you 've signed her ! Plus , the two original cuts on the album , written by two unknown songwriters -LRB- one is a Producer -RRB- , do n't feature Ms. Baron . A curiosity . I look forward to whatever she puts out next , and hope next time , the producers do less , and let Ms. Baron do wayyyy more . ARE YOU LISTENING NONESUCH ???
 Christy Baron is new to me -LRB- and may be to quite a lot of people -RRB- , however , this album give me a surprise . Chrisy 's voice is charming , clear and in a way sexy . If you want to try some new voice and music , you may surely enjoy this album .
 This entire CD is on the one . Of course `` Atomic Dog '' is the main cut , however `` Man 's Best Friend '' is also a funky type of `` Knee Deep '' groove . `` Loopzilla '' is also a good song to dance to . The title cut `` Computer Games '' is as crazy as the artist . LOL . However , this album has a Funkadelic overtone . With musicians like Bootsy , Bernie , Mike , Junie , Eddie Hazel , Garry Shider and ect ect . it 's worth buying . I think this is the best George Clinton album of all time . It 's a R&B ; Clssid and for the life of me I do n't understand why it did not make the national top 40 . Even the title cut went to 80 something on the charts . Go figure . George did get a award for the best video of that year.Go for ur funk
 this was George Clinton 's Last great solo CD.the grooves are Booming.Atomic Dog is a timeless classic Jam.it still sounds fresh nearly 20 years later.This Disc Belongs in the P '' Funk Hall Of Fame.tight Production and Music .
 I do n't think anyone seen or HEARD this coming !! With all of legal stuff behind him , Clinton had some serious fun here and Capitol Records had the last laugh !! This album is not just a gem , but 24 karat FUNK and Clintons best album ever !! The jams begin with `` Get Dressed '' . An old school Funker that includes the horny horns and then the funk gets into high gear with `` Mans Best Friend '' The keyboard bass line brings shivers down ones spine and then it tingles on `` Loopzilla '' . TURN THOSE WOOFERS UP FOR THESE FINE TUNES !! As a matter of fact , turn the treble up and while your at it PUMP UP THE VOLUME !! The beats are hardhitting . And then , of course , the CLASSIC `` Atomic Dog '' . The only complaint I have about this MASTERPIECE is that it is too SHORT !! A MUST BUY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 man when the mothership crashed in 81 , funkateers were sad , but when this came out in 82 , i 'm like yeah funk is back , cause true funkateers got tired of hearing boring love songs by shalamar , luther vandross , freddy jackson , and debarge-this woke us up from the placebo syndrome , atomic dog was sampled by damn nera every rapper you can think of , i love get dressed another classic , like man 's best friend , and loopzilla where the mob goes into flashbacks and name all their songs plus put some motown in it , could it be that george ghost written those songs , after all he did use to work at motown , like i said this was the start of the p-funk thang coming back 2 more cd 's and the funk mob fell off again but not to worry , the funk still rode on , thanks to rap .
 Great CD , probably George 's best solo CD . The stuff on the CD was copied by a lot of musicians -LRB- i.e. backward drum sounds , loops -RRB- and set the standard of using samples and loops in R&B -LRB- remember this was 1982 !! -RRB- . I just wish he would have put the unedited Man 's Best Friend on this album . If you have n't heard it go get it ! I think its released on a P-Funk compilation
 This is as perfect an album as you can ever get your hands on . There is funk , there is soul , there is free-form / jamming , there is humor , there is melancholy to the point of bringing on tears . Oh ... and there are a wonderful array of super musicians , all seemingly enjoying playing together as if they came together through magic just for this one album to be generated for posterity . An absolutely stellar achievement , which has NEVER gotten it 's just due . This album should be performed live by every top rap / soul / hip-hop artist in the country ... all at once ... at Madison Square Garden ... for a worldwide Pay-Per-View charity event . It would blow people away .
 To me , this is one of the top albums of the '80s and ranks up there with some of Parliament-Funkadelic 's strongest LPs -LRB- Funkentelechy vs. The Placebo Syndrome , One Nation Under a Groove , Mothership Connection -RRB- . The concept is brilliant and the music takes off with the groove `` Get Dressed . '' Then , there 's one of the hottest songs in all of P-Funkdom
 Clinton 's most famous solo project , and there 's a good reason for that . It 's exactly the kind of bizarre , goofy funk record George is known for , and while it 's not as good as peak P-Funk - there 's a bit too much drum machine here for my taste , especially considering this guy used to work with the legendary drummer Jerome Brailey - it 's still great , packed to the gills with memorable dance songs . The unforgettably loopy , oft-sampled hit `` Atomic Dog '' is here , and it rivals the best of the whole Parliafunkabootsydelicmant Thang , with its bizarre lyrics , gigantic chanted hook , crazed voiceovers , and highly danceable rhythms , it 's an inarguable funk classic . I 've heard all of the lyrics were improvised , and I 'd believe that . The extended groove `` Man 's Best Friend/Loopzilla '' is here too , and it 's impossible not to dance to it - like the best of Clinton 's extendo dance tracks , the thirteen minutes just fly by , and its references to old Motown , Funkadelic , and other soul hits of the '60s and '70s are genius . And , despite a few truly annoying moments like the cloying `` Pot Sharing Tots , '' most of the other songs are quite good too
 Clinton 's contributions to popular music are practically limitless ; perhaps most importantly , he kept waving his freak flag high long after most musicians caved in to their labels ' demand for conformity . Computer Games showcases his talent for squeezing archetypal beats and riffs out of his ever-changing cadre of musicians . Even though it was released in 1982 , it still feels as fresh as tomorrow 's flavor du jour . Try to keep from playing `` Where did I hear that sampled ? '' and just let the funk wash you up and away to Clinton 's psychedelic , sexed-up Disneyland . Every track 's a winner .
 IN MY OPINION , COMPUTER GAMES RANKS WITH THE VERY BEST OF P-FUNK . THE ALBULM IS LOADED WITH VERSITILITY AS WELL AS NECK POPING JAM AFTER JAM.FREE ALTERATIONS IS AS DEEPLY SPIRITUAL AS ANY SONG IN RECORDED HISTORY , WHILE MANS BEST FRIEND AND ATOMIC DOG ARE EARTH SHATTERING TRACKS OF SIESMIC PORPORTIONS.A MUST LISTEN FOR FUNKATEERS OF ALL AGES !
 IN MY OPINION , COMPUTER GAMES RANKS WITH THE VERY BEST OF P-FUNK . THE ALBULM IS LOADED WITH VERSITILITY AS WELL AS NECK POPING JAM AFTER JAM.FREE ALTERATIONS IS AS DEEPLY SIRITUAL AS ANY SONG IN RECORDED HISTORY , WHILE MANS BEST FRIEND AND ATOMIC DOG ARE EARTH SHATTERING TRACKS OF SIESMIC PORPORTIONS.A MUST LISTEN FOR FUNKATEERS OF ALL AGES !
 The undisputed master of funk served this up in 1982 , and it has stored well . Including the classic , often-sampled `` Atomic Dog '' and other summer-lovin ' tracks , `` Computer Games '' paved the way for the high-tech funk/hip-hop fusion we have today . There 's dance tracks , chill tracks , and evrything in between . Do n't miss this classic .
 Man this a bomb cd . A little background for all you funkee folks out there , originally this was ment to be a Parliament album , but those punks at Casablanca -LRB- Parliaments 1975-1980 Record label -RRB- wanted to hold on to the name , so my man George decied to make it a solo album . This album has all of the P-Funk elements and has the same werid and funky feeling as those in the past . Bootsy joins george for Get Dressed for a funked out anthem to ... Getting Dressed , Clinton drop some of his most memorable lines yet , `` A good show starts in the Dressing room and ends on the stage , will someone give this young lady a backstage pass while i work my way to the stage . Next is the tune Man 's Best friend which plays on the dog theme with Dr Funkenstien `` standing guard in the yard '' this a great song but it is n't over yet it closes with Loopzilla which goes on for quite a while using classic songs such as More Bounce to the Ounce , Zapp and One Nation under A Groove by Funkadelic for lyrics . Next up is a strange song called Pots Sharing Tots about Babies that are in love ... . not my favorite song but it goes into the mood of the album and is well placed on the album with junie morrsion -LRB- Formerly of the ohio players -RRB- on the lead vocals . Next up is COmputer games a crazed song about Dracula saying he can out do anybody beacuse hes your computer game . Next the smash hit Atmoic Dog , the song that put P funk back on the chartes . Next is Free Alterations which is about a free suit you get on your death bed . Last but not least is One Fun At A Time , a great song with Junie on co vocals . This is a great album and Any Funkateer who wants a great akbum should peep this out
 Computer Games is commonly thought of as a glorious comeback after several mediocre P-Funk releases -LRB- particularly Parliament 's Gloryhallastoopid and Trombipulation -RRB- . However , to be honest it has a lot of the same flaws as Trombipulation . At this point , electronics had largely replaced the exciting musicianship of past albums , and despite relatively few downright bad songs , P-Funk 's songwriting had become undistinguished . After the opening track , the only discernable instruments on this ablum are horns in one song and a couple random guitar solos . The key difference is that unlike Trombipulation -LRB- but very much like Gloryhallastoopid -RRB- , this album had a couple diamonds in the rough.Computer Games starts promisingly with `` Get Dressed , '' a very standard Parliament-style song featuring Horns and Bootsy on bass . While it 's nothing new , Clinton 's vocals are among his funniest ever . `` Man 's Best Friend '' is somewhat banal , but segues perfectly into the album 's first essential song - `` Loopzilla . '' `` Loopzilla '' is a long collage of electronic sounds and references to past songs , and unique among Clinton 's catalogue to this point . `` Pot Sharing Tots '' is a very good retro throwaway , in a spirit similar to Parliament 's `` Wizard of Finance . `` However , the second half is where it really becomes clear this is n't one of Clinton 's great albums . `` Atomic Dog '' is of course the second essential song here . However , after a passable start , `` Computer Games '' begins sounding like filler when Clinton goes on about how he can `` out ___ a ___ '' for 5 minutes straight . Meanwhile , `` Free Alterations '' and `` One Fun at a Time '' are okay , but so forgetable the album might as well have ended early.I 'd give the album 3.5 stars , on account of `` Loopzilla , '' `` Atomic Dog , '' and a relatively consistent first half .
 `` Atomic Dog '' is so cold that after all these years party people still hurry to the dance floor on it -- I 've even see n't kcowboys line dancin ' and doin ' the Cotton-Eyed Joe on it . I guess evvy stray dawg will have his day and evvy computer playa will have a game . Thanx , Dr. Clinton , for programming this p-funky entropy .
 I would like to know it there is anyone that has any idea of how to get the single of Atomic Dog.I had it once and an old girlfriend trashed it so I would love it if I could find it again ...
 This cd is a wonderful collection of earlier recordings of music from the movie or similar American `` roots music '' -- do n't you love the new labels for old music :--RRB- Some of the music is easily obtainable , some we should thank Holland for sending back to us . Contents :1 . I 'm a Man of Constant Sorrow - the Stanley Brothers2 . Keep on the Sunny Side - the Carter Family3 . Big Rock Candy Mountain - Harry McClintock4 . Hard Time Killin ' Floor Blues - Skip James5 . You Are My Sunshine - Jimmie Davis6 . I 'll Fly Away - the Hubbard Family7 . I 'm Blue , I 'm Lonesome - Bill Monroe8 . Lonesome Valley - Sanctified Group9 . Indian War Whoop - Hoyut Ming & His Pep-Steppers10 . In the Jailhouse Now - Jimmie Rodgers11 . In the Highways - the Carter Family kids12 . Sandy Land - Fiddlin ' Sam Long13 . Uncle Pen - Bill Monroe14 . John the Revelator - Blind Willie Johnson15 . Way Down the Old Plank Road - Uncle Dave Macon16 . Blue Yodel No. 8 - Jimmie Rodgers17 . St. Louis Blues - Bessie Smith18 . Country Blues - Dock Boggs19 . Golden Gate Gospel Train - Golden Gate Quartet20 . The White Dove - The Stanley BrothersAfficiadoes may complain that the remastering has gone too far in removing surface sound on some tracks - a minor flaw . Those who do n't recognize most the artists names , probably should stick to the sound track and be introduced to the older versions more slowly .
 Here are many of the songs from the `` O Brother Where Art Thou '' and `` Down from the Mountain '' CDs , performed either by the original artists or in vintage renditions , as well as other great songs in the `` roots and blues '' vein . An interesting and enjoyable comparison/companion to the soundtrack albums .
 This soundtrack is from all the backing music from the Kenshin TV series for the early Kyoto story arc . Do n't be fooled into thinking that there are only two Kenshin soundtracks with instrumental backing music - there are actually 4 soundtracks from the Kenshin TV series -LRB- so far -RRB- . Hence a lot of the music which appears in the Kyoto arc is n't on this soundtrack . Most of the music here are 2-3 minute themes which support the fight scenes , character introductions , character interactions and introduce a change of mood or escalation of tension . They are all instrumental/orchestral , not vocal . There are a couple of tracks on this album that I ca n't place from the series -LRB- which surprises me -RRB- . I enjoy this soundtrack and I 'm glad I purchased it . But a bit disappointed that some of the tunes that are n't here are on the third album . The best tracks on this album have got to be `` Unmei No Hagaruma '' and the `` Last Wolf Suite '' - the first two tracks on the album . -LRB- For those of you who are considering buying Soundtracks 1 and 2 and 3 , consider buying the box set - it 's cheaper -RRB-
 Music made Rurouni Kenshin great -LRB- along with plot , art , etc. -RRB- . This is the music from later on in the series , like from around the Shishio Saga -LRB- episode 40 or so ? -RRB- . some of my favorites are tracks 4 and 12 -LRB- departure and starless -RRB- which remind me how rurouni kenshin moved me and tracks 5 and 8 which were cool battle-tension tracksthis is one cd you want to own after seeing the anime
 This is a wonderful addition to anyone 's music collection !! Rurouni Kenshin defenitaly has some of the best anime music ever ! And its also the best anime show out there !! These songs are from the Kyoto arc . My favorite tracks on here are The Last Wolf Suite , Departure , Starless , Run To You , Frozen Flare , and Dancing With Devils . There 's also some beautiful artwork on the inside booklet , from the manga I think . The music to this series is just so beautiful , you wo n't regret purchasing this !! I also recommend the Rurouni Kenshin Original Soundtrack 1 and the Samurai X Ova soundtracks , both of these also have great music from the RK series !! I ca n't recommend these soundtracks enough !!
 After listening to this I am amazed at all the music in this series . It has the openings and the endings in extended forms , I think from the TV series . A must get if you are a Miyu fan .
 This is wonderful music that is competently and enthusiastically played . The first movement of the piano quintet is particularly majestic and striking , the pianist in particular achieving many shades of color . Balance between piano and strings is excellent .
 . Aficianadoes of that most deliquescent of genres -- the string quartet -- will find much to admire in these two splendid works by significant Russian Romantic composer A. S. Arensky.Even in the later-19th Century it appears Beethoven 's influence in Russia -- and the Russian appreciation of his art -- was greater than that of Brahms . Certainly Arensky 's Quartets reflect this Beethovenian effect ; moreover , the tie is even more closely drawn as the Russian theme Beethoven incorporated into his First Razumovsky Quartet -LRB- Op. 59 , No. 1 -RRB- is also used by Arensky . -LRB- The same theme is used by Rimsky in his Overture on Russian Themes , Op. 28Rimsky-Korsakov
 4 STARS BECAUSE it sounded fine but not as great as other string quartets.I like this because the string quartet 2 uses 2 cellos. ,1 violin ,1 viola which was interesting.You can hear the cello more than in the other string quartets with 2 violins.This also another rare CD at a simple price .
 For those of you that gravitate to the unusual or unique , you may be interested in Arensky 's second String Quartet , Op. 35 , as recorded here . It is scored for a unique combination of instruments , substituting one of the usual two violins for a cello . Apparently Arensky wanted a darker tone to the work . -LRB- A version for the standard quartet combination was also published as Op. 35a . -RRB- The Op. 35 is enough of a reason to grab this CD , but the inclusion of the other works make this purchase a no-brainer .
 When I visited Holland a few years back , I heard this great artist playing on the radio . A wonderful friend found and bought it for me to bring back to the US.I love every song on this CD even though I can not speak the Dutch language . The music and his voice is quite beautiful - no language requirement needed , you only need to enjoy great music !
 Marco Borsato was n't one of my favourite singers here in Holland . But that changed when I heard several of the songs on this album . As soon as the CD got out , I run to the store and bought the album . There are several slow songs , but also some songs with ritme . Marco Borsato is on his best at this CD and I think it is even better than his new album Luid en Duidelijk . A `` must have '' Cd for every Borsato fan !
 The music of Mercan Dede , or with his other name DJ Alan Arkin , is taking us to a travel in the land of Sufism . I was very suprised when I first listened to this album . To find Sufist teachings hidden in a funk/house album , was really a new thing . Mercan Dede , did not only use the background and rythm from Sufi Music but also the teachings . Especially the song `` Mevlana Celaleddin Rumi '' , named after the famous Persian Sufi , is a 5 Star song of the album . Without using words Mercan Dede manages to show that life is a circle . `` Walking on the Red Sea '' , is a good example of how Mercan Dede is succesful in mixing Sufi Rythm with other backgrounds . In my opinion these points helps this album become universal and reach audiences far beyond any other etnic funk album would do .
 I have read the poetic works of Jalaluddin Al Din Rumi for many years now ~ long before the tragedy of 9/11 cast the Islamic culture into such a harsh , uncomplimentary light , -LRB- mostly by the western media -RRB- . The words of this great teacher , who was known by all his contemporaries as `` The Master '' are so heartbreakingly beautiful that most of his poems will drive me to tears . I was overjoyed when I found this album , completely by accident on Amazon ~ and was able to hear many of his poetic works and his teachings put into the beautiful , exotic music of this culture . Thank you , Mercan Dede , I can not wait to hear your other albums !
 This was the third album by The Bonzo Dog Band . The subtitle on the cover says
 First time I heard these Doo Dah dudes , decades ago , it was just what I was looking for and totally out of left field . They still make me smile today as I sing/belch along , leading to an eternal love of their music . This 3rd release was magical from the moment it hit my turntable -LRB- after playing with the slide out cover that moved the eyes -RRB- and never left it for for months -LRB- as much a comment on me as them , I guess -RRB- . The great thing about being a Bonzoid then was no one in NYC had any inkling of who or what they were . Now look at them , their discs have even been remastered with `` extra tracks '' just like the big boys . They 're even doing a reunion thing without Sir Viv just like the Dead cavorting minus Jerry , kicking sand right in all our faces . With or without the Doo Dah , they 're supersonic guys .
 There is no perfect Bonzo Dog Band album
 I have been collecting all of Neil Innes ' work over his 40-year career , so I have the CD and vinyl to Tadpoles . A must-have if you are a Neil Innes freak as I am . Everyone should give Neil Innes a listen ; he is one of the greatest songwriters of the 20th century .
 Just buy this album ! Better yet , buy ` CORNOLOGY ' -- This whole record is included in that 3 CD set . The BONZO DOG BAND were/are PRICELESS !!!
 This is more entertaining than anything should be allowed to be . Avoid operating heavy machinery while listening.And do n't listen to it while asleep or you 'll wake up on the floor wondering how you came to be so elevated .
 I think the other reviewer has got this one confused with another twinkle album . Alot of their cd 's are average , but this is hands down the best one ! With a dread punch heavy enough to knock down the walls of Babylon . Seriously I think that guy has his Twinkles mixed up . Check out the review in the `` Reggae Rough Guide '' by Steve Barrow . They also say it is their best . Their other Virgin release `` Praise Jah '' is also good , but has a alot of weak tunes , whereas this one smokes from start to finish . With a distinct style , soulful & organic . And check out their trademark trippy almost si-fi snyth . If you only get one Twinkle Brothers get this one .
 This CD is BEAUTIFUL from start to finish ! It has a very hypnotic-cOsmic vibration that had my head nodding involuntarily ! Some of the cosmic noises in the tracks are so funky that I jumped up out of my chair in amazement like the Atl Falcons finally scored a d #mn touchdown !!! This is the greatest reggae CD I bought in 2006-hands down ! If you can appreciate a reggae sound different than - Most - of what you hear & a soulful vibration that will transport you to the seashore under the moonlit skies of Negril with a Jamaican fruit punch in one hand & your `` G '' in the other , then grab this CD & judge for ya-self ! I was Only dissapointed that I had n't gotten it sooner!Bless - Up Ya-self !
 When I first listened to this CD , I was not really impressed . I listened to it again later that evening after becoming enlightened and I heard something totally different . This is some of the best roots reggae I 've heard in a while . I never heard any other Twinkle Bros albums , but this is full of heavy hypnotic rhythms and really cool drumming . The strange noises that caller # 1 addressed are really not that annoying and they 're only on a few tunes . Put this disc on a stero with some half decent speakers , it 's really jamming .
 This Twinkles Brothers release keeps the roots reggae vibe of the 70 's going strong into the 80 's . In general , the songs are up-tempo with a touch R&B / gospel - somewhat like Third World , but without as much studio gloss . Fits in well with same-era Burning Spear , Itals , and Wailing Souls . Standout tracks are ` Never Get Burned ' and ` Since I Threw the Comb Away . '
 The powerful and melodic music from Virginia City really stands out against today 's soundtracks of rolling drums and string chords . Oddly , the volume on my disk is rather low . Enjoy some of the very best movie music here !
 I first heard Steve sing in 1972 . He was 14 and had the most beautiul bass voice I had ever heard . And that voice has just gotten better with the passing years.In this Christmas offering he blends old standards with new songs to produce a truely wonderful sound . From `` O Little Town of Bethlehem '' to `` Take Us Home For Christmas '' , this album is sure to be a hit with everyone who hears it . I predict it will become a holiday classic . It already is in our house .
 If THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF PUSS 'N BOOTS was theatrically released in today 's era , it probably would n't hold a candle to any of America 's other animated features and disappear without a trace . But this is a Japanese Anime , and , in its native land , it was a huge box office success . Titled as `` Nagagutsu o Haita Neko '' , the production was released in 1969 , and the title character , Puss 'N Boots himself , named Perro -LRB- or Perrault -RRB- , became a mascot character for the animation studio , Toei . An interesting fact about this film is that Anime pioneer Hayao Miyazaki is credited as one of the animators -- in fact , he was responsible for the key animation of the climactic , hang-on-to-the-edge-of-your-seat finale . Fans of Miyazaki 's work will notice how similar it is to the climax of THE CASTLE OF CAGLIOSTRO.Compared to today 's standards , the animation is poor , but at the same time interesting to look at . The entire story is expanded , altered , and spiced up similar to a Disney treatment of a classic fairy tale , but its artistic style is somewhere between a Hanna-Barbera or a Warner Bros. cartoon . This almost sounds like a drawback , but it provides for some silly , funny , and occasionally slapstick moments . It also feels perfect for this kind of movie , even if at times it screams Disney . -LRB- Not that I think of it as a bad thing ; I 'm rather fond of Disney movies even to this day . ^_^ -RRB- Do n't expect a faithful retelling of the classic fairy tale PUSS 'N BOOTS -- this adaptation adds -- and sometimes embellishes -- a lot of cute , funny elements which make it a lot of fun . The hero , Perro , a cat musketeer pursued by three chief-of-police felines -LRB- he committed the ultimate `` crime '' of saving a mouse 's life -RRB- , befriends a young miller , Pierre ; soon the two are off to seek their fortune . With clever scheming -LRB- and a lot of tall `` tail '' - telling -RRB- the cat manages to help Pierre pose as the Prince of Carabas in order to woo the lovely Princess Rosa . But the wicked ogre , Lucifer , also wants Rosa , and kidnaps her on the night of the full moon . Perro and Pierre set off to Lucifer 's creepy , macabre castle to save her and outsmart her captor . Given that this is a fairy-tale , the ending is very predictable -- yet watching it unfold is only half the fun . Instead of just simply killing Lucifer off by having Perro pull the `` trick him into changing into something edible '' trick , the script -LRB- written by Hisashi Inoue and Morihisa Yamamoto -RRB- extends the climax into a series of chases , slapstick gags , and , as mentioned , a final confrontation scene which is breathtaking to watch , even if the artwork is dated . -LRB- Incidentally , director Kimio Yabuki was also responsible for another fairy-tale Anime , the little-known SWAN LAKE . -RRB- I understand that there are Disney haters in the world , and will probably look for things to complain about this loose retelling ; particularly the comic mice sidekicks and four incidental musical numbers . But there are others -LRB- like me -RRB- who wo n't mind at all -- especially if they 're fans of Disney and their adaptations of fairy tales . The mice provide a lot of humor , and , although the lyrics in the English version sound awkward and uninspired , the songs never feel intrusive and are fun to bounce to . -LRB- The only exception is Princess Rosa 's number , which is as slow and as lovely -LSB- but not sappy -RSB- as any romantic ballad . -RRB- THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF PUSS 'N BOOTS was given a limited U.S. release to the Saturday-morning kids ' market , along with other productions Toei produced , including JACK AND THE WITCH and TREASURE ISLAND . The English dubbing was produced by Titan Productions , Inc. , with direction by Fred Ladd . Available from HI-TOPS VIDEO -LRB- where I first saw the movie -RRB- as well as MEDIA VIDEO and VESTRON VIDEO , the voice acting is very lively , but there are problems . For one thing , the voices , with the exception of Princess Rosa , all sound like they 're being acted by one actor . -LRB- And Perro sounds , oddly , like Al Jolson . -RRB- In other words , it 's not very high quality . The words do n't always fit the mouth movements well , and some lines occasionally come off as stilted and a little too fast . Such flaws are probably best to be expected , since this is an early dub -- recent English track productions have far outclassed past efforts . Still , considering that this is probably the only dub of the film available in English -LRB- and that the Japanese language track has not been around in the U.S. -RRB- , it 's not so bad -- unless you count the occasionally sloppy lyrics in the songs and Perro 's sometimes grating voice.Unfortunately , the movie may be hard to find -- since its 1988 issue , the video has fallen badly out of print and I have heard no news of any new U.S. company planning to give it a second release . Let 's hope it does happen someday . THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF PUSS 'N BOOTS may be a dated Anime when compared to more recent efforts -LRB- and U.S. folks probably may consider it too `` cartoony '' for their tastes -RRB- . Nevertheless , it is 80 minutes of fun , laughs , and action , and a must-see for longtime history buffs , especially if they 're interested in seeing traces of Miyazaki 's earlier years as an animator before he became a big name . It is a great `` cat 's meow '' , indeed .
 American fans of this TOEI animated classic have been waiting a long time to see this early example of Hayao Miyazaki 's work on DVD , even longer if they missed its several -LRB- at least 3 -RRB- now long gone VHS releases . What 's more , for those of us who remember Fred Ladd 's well-done English dubbing that was first shown on American TV so long ago and later released on VHS , Discotek Media has wisely included it as the second audio track . The English audio is a little the worse for wear -LRB- though in better shape than the Vestron Video release -RRB- , and the English credits are unfortunately missing , but unless and until someone wants to pony up the money for a modern re-dubbing , it is better to include it than not because purists can always choose the Japanese audio track with English subtitles . -LRB- Parental note
 This movie was actually more delightful than I expected . A bit of it is dated - what do you expect from a movie made in 1969 - but the animation quality of this film was actually better than most of the cartoons that came out in the 80 's and 90 's in America , and even some of the cartoons today!The human characters were a bit flat . Pierre just takes his brother 's abuse , and it appears that Puss does all the thinking for him -LRB- which is pretty much the truth in the original story as well -RRB- Princess Rose is also flat . She acts helpless and weak , sniveling and crying and then saying ` no ! ' instead of trying to reason with Lucifer . Lucifer himself was a pretty interesting character , though I did n't understand the deal with his necklace being the source of his power , if he is the Devil himself , as this weakness ultimately led to his demise.The action sequences are beautifully animated , and the animal characters are interesting and fun to watch . You would n't know this was an anime from looking at the King or Pierre 's brothers , because they 're lacking in the wide-eyed anime look that is so common today . Even Pierre and Rose do n't look so Japan-ized , but due to the early date of this movie , one can safely assume that this was before anime became what it is today . Overall a very enjoyable movie and one I would n't mind watching again , or letting my nephews and nieces watch . 4.5 / 5 stars for a great and humorous retelling of the Puss in Boots tale .
 This is one out of three early Miyazaki animes I once saw when I was a child in the early seventies in my local cinema . I grew up in the GDR , and the movies were shown in german . Unfortunately , no one seems to know anything anymore about a german synchronisation so I finally found the english ones and I am very delighted indeed!Please consider ` Puss 'N' Boots Travel Around The World ' and ` Animal Treasure Island ' as well !
 Such a fantastic animation i enjoyed both the sub and the dub a lot.It was great value for money , One all the family can enjoy 5 stars .
 This is an amazing movie that I wish would be released on DVD , do n't miss it .
 ... although definitely closer to the former . After all , these guys all have heavyweight jazz credentials
 The Kenshin Recollection -LRB- OAV -RRB- series is a very high-quality series -- so much attention was given to character design , movement , atmosphere , story-telling , and of course music . This incarnation of the series had a much higher budget than the television version , so the music is much better :-RRB- These tracks are extremely powerful , because they completely retall the tradegy of the story . I get really overcome everytime I listen to these songs because they make me think of the story so much ! :-RRB- Well , that 's just me ; I 've cried everytime I watched the video from which this music was taken from ... The track `` The Sound of Snowfalling '' says it all ... ; _ ;
 Just to start out with that i 'm a huge kenshin fan and i have every single episode along with the ovas and the movie . this is obviously the soundtrack for the 1st OVA series that is also the Trust/Betrayal movies . the music is plainly awesome , however , is it worth 40 something dollars ? most of the soundtrack revolves around 2 basic themes . 1 which has a flute playing the main tune . 2nd which is the action theme where kenshin is battling . I do not think that this soundtrack is worth 40 something dollars . 4 stars for the quality of the soundtrack . if i were you , i 'd download the cd off of kazaa or something and save the money .
 The soundtrack to the Rurouni Kenshin -LRB- Samurai X -RRB- Original Video Animation , composed by Taku Iwasaki , is a masterpiece from start to finish . This soundtrack perfectly complements the animation and story in the Kenshin OVA , but the music stands quite well on its own . The soundtrack puts the Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon soundtrack to shame , in my opinion . It 's 16 tracks long , and includes short piano pieces -LRB- The Quiet Life -RRB- , and stirring songs -LRB- War of the Last Wolves -RRB- . This is one album you will most certainly be glad you bought , its beauty transcends all genres and musical tastes . JUST DO N'T BUY THE IMPORT ! You 'll be paying too much ! Just do a search for Samurai X OVA -LRB- this is the americanized name for the show -RRB- , the price is less than half the cost of the import .
 The music is superb , it 's beyond description ! I felt my heart being squeezed when I heard the ending theme ! I must say that the people behind the music and the OAV are a bunch of genius ! I have never seen an anime such as this with such a wonderful music score ! You have to see and hear it yourself ! Words ca n't express the way I felt watching that anime !
 This CD is so ... WOW ! There are n't any words to express how wonderful this CD is . Though I only borowed this CD from a friend , I saying that this CD is just a must have for all those who love these four episodes . This music gives you a window to the emotions the character is feeling , and or the cituation surrounding the character . Though the music is somewhat sad , I suggest that those who are considering to get it , get it . It is way too great of a CD just to let it be .
 When I found out that the soundtrack to this wonderful OAV was comming out I nearly had a stroke ! I was literally on the floor crying because I was so happy ! I 'm NOT kidding . This is a must for anyone who loves either anime or music .
 I thoroughly recommend this soundtrack -LRB- which forms the backing music for Samurai X - Trust/Betrayal -RRB- . Definitely one of my favourites . Well worth the money .
 This soundtrack was amazing . This is one of the two only soundtracks that I have been compelled to buy that are completely or mostly classical music -LRB- the other one being crouching tiger , hidden dragon , and that was REALLY good too ^ ^ -RRB- . The OVAs themselves were great -LRB- 1-10 , OVAs being a 12 -RRB- and the soundtrack just made it better . It hightend the emotion of the series and would let you know exactly how the characters were feeling.Even if you have n't watched the OVA or even if you arent ' an anime fan , you HAVE TO GET THIS SOUNDTRACK !
 I own a collection of over a dozen `` epic '' type of soundtracks , and have heard many dozens . This is the best , period . Though it 's pricy , you wo n't find a better one for a decade or more . It is priceless . In my personal opinion , had it not been this soundtrack the movie would have been mediocre . The characters in the movie are relatively flat . If you do n't believe me , try watch the movie in the `` mute '' mode . But the music does all the magic , and brings me to tears and goosebumps !
 This soundtrack is amazing . I love it . It is one of the best soundtracks I 've listened to in a while . It captures perfectly the emotions of the movie . When my friends heard this soundtrack they instantly wanted to buy it for themselves .
 This is the second OST from the series `` Revolutionary Girl Utena '' and contains fantastic music ! There are 28 tracks on the CD and I loved every minute of it . The first track is the full size version of the second theme song , `` Virtual Star Embryology '' . Following it are six duel songs from the Black Rose Saga . I particularly enjoyed track 7 , `` Magic Lantern Butterfly Moth 16th Century . '' Track 8 is the TV size version of Rinbu Revolution , which is always great . The rest is mainly background music from the series , ranging from a classical , formal feel , to the more mysterious songs . The jazzy track 15 `` A Hunch on the Look in the Eyes '' , and the upbeat track 17 `` To Battle The Castle '' are my personal favorites and you may recognize the tunes from the first OST . Also contains the TV size version of `` Truth '' -LRB- track 27 -RRB- and a karaoke version of `` Virtual Star Embryology '' -LRB- track 28 -RRB- . The music is unique and fun to listen to . Whether you love Utena or not , this CD is sure to be a favorite !
 I absolutly love this CD ! From the beautiful songs , right down to the totally unique cover art , this CD is fantastic ! I love the song `` Virtual Star Embryology '' , which is the second ending song of the series . Tracks # 3 and # 19 are also favorites of mine . There are a few really nice up-beat cheerful songs on this CD , but the ones I really love are the darker , haunting ones . So Utena fans , go ahead and buy this CD , you wo n't be disappointed ! It 's worth every penny !!
 This is a pretty good early 70 's album , although I give the nod to Barry 's second solo album , `` Victory Of Bad Taste '' , which is unfortunately very rare , as is George Kooyman 's second solo album . My favorite track would definetely have to be `` Oh Lordy I 'm Gon na Try '' , least favorite would be `` Roll Another Rock '' . If you liked `` Golden Earring '' -LRB- Wall Of Dolls -RRB- , you 'll probably like this .
 I 've Nahoo for about 5 yrs . and heard that they had a second CD that came out in 1998 called Nahoo Too . I searched and searched for it . Finally a month ago it arrived . Though much harder then the first CD , this one is just as wonderful . I highly recommend it . I only wish they 'd become more main stream , because I 'd like to have the whole world hear their music . It 's unusual and untraditional , but extremely wonderful . I ca n't say enough to express the way I feel about these two CDs . I 'm looking forward to purchasing the third . Nahoo Three .
 Absolutely my favorite fushion/world CD.This CD -LRB- despite being hard bordering on impossible to get ahold of . Guard it with your life -RRB- occupies that special place in my CD case reserved previously for Afro-Celt and Macumba.You will not be dissapointed in any way with this CD
 Since i heard the first album `` nahoo '' , i am a paul mounsey fan . Nahootoo is even better . I do n't know if its the scottish or the brazilian influence , the samples or the voices . All i know is that this is an amazing album .
 THIS BROTHER IS TIGHT . MILES DAVIS TIGHT . YEAH , I INVOKED MILES . PAUL , YOU GOT TA KEEP BREATHIN.THE FIRST CUT WILL KICK YOUR A@# . I PLAYED THE FIRST CUT FOR FOUR HOURS . I WAS DANCIN IN MY SEAT . PEOPLE ON THE TRAIN KNEW I WAS CRAZY . I 'M WAITIN FOR NAHOO 3 . I HEARD IT 'S OUT BUT NO-ONE SEEMS TO HAVE IT .
 I first heard Paul Mounsey on the compilation Folkn ` Hell -LRB- great cd also -RRB- - his song was the best on that compilation . Nahoo Too is the most intense cd to soothe my ears in a long time . The music is so hard to describe , its that unique . Play this cd , turn up the volume and chill out . It will take you to another world .
 As a classical/jazz musician I am picky about what I listen to . I recommend Nahoo to anyone . Other people who wrote reviews here already say what I wanted to say . It 's great .
 lA PRIMERA VEZ QUE ESCUCHE A PAUL MOUNSEY FUE GRACIAS A RAMON TRECET EN RADIO 3 , SABEIS QUE DIA FUE ... AGOSTO DEL 2002 . dESDE ENTONCES ESTE ESCOC&Eacute;S - BRASILEIRO -LRB- jUNK ESTUDIOS -RRB- PUEDE DECIRSE QUE ES UN PROFESIONAL DE LA PRODUCCION ... gracias por SIR PAUL
 I 've Nahoo for about 5 yrs . and heard that they had a second CD that came out in 1998 called Nahoo Too . I searched and searched for it . Finally a month ago it arrived . Though much harder then the first CD , this one is just as wonderful . I highly recommend it . I only wish they 'd become more main stream , because I 'd like to have the whole world hear their music . It 's unusual and untraditional , but extremely wonderful . I ca n't say enough to express the way I feel about these two CDs . I 'm looking forward to purchasing the third . Nahoo Three .
 jaya-wakkasublime , noisy , creepy and bee-yoo-tee-full . oh , and it even comes with some random metaphysical theme stuff thats kinda funky as well .
 I bought that Ghost face Album a month ago and in all actuallity that is one of the best album I 've got in a while . From the intro it was tight , I 'm a fan of the wu no matter what people say about them . I respect those who do n't bend to trends , be leaders not followers . Toney does his thing on this one with lines like '' I keep Big Shurly on my side so what 's happen . Get the he 'll out of here what other dude would say some ish like that . The album touch mad topic from love to runnin ' from them folks . In closing all I got to say is to all those that hold the wu down keep doing it , true Mcin ' is over here .
 The `` Pretty Toney '' album is a good album , but coud have been great had it included all the tracks that were supposed to be on the album . Many of the best tracks did not make the album due to sample clearence problems with the record label . These songs inlcude `` Heard it all before '' , `` Gorilla Hood '' , `` Toneys Money '' , `` New Splash '' , `` My Guitar '' , `` Paychecks '' , `` the Drummer '' , `` Burnin '' , etc. . All these tracks can be found in cyberspace on the the GHOSTFACE KILLAH PRETTY TONEY B-SIDE album!If these tracks were inlcuded on the album it would have been a true classic , and comparable to great albums like `` IRONMAN '' and `` SUPREME CLIENTELE '' . However , the album is still one of the best hip hop albums of 2004 !
 This album is a reminder a what hip hop really is . Only true hip hop fans will enjoy this CD . This CD could arguably be classified as a classic . What keeps me from calling this a classic is the fact the skits are pointless and only funny the first time listening . Besides that , this CD is a must-buy for any true -LRB- and I mean true -RRB- hip hop fan . Make sure you BUY the album and not burn it . Its well worth the money , so cop that disc ! Ghostface does n't get the respect he deserves so give this album a try . IT WILL NOT DISSAPOINT !!!!
 When I heard Ghost was going to Def Jam , I was furious . Def Jam is known for having complete creative control of their artists , so I was frightened . Also , RZA was n't producing the majority of the tracks . But this album suprised me.I expected it to be a poppy mainstream album , but I was wrong . It is the soulful 70s ghost we have come to love . Even the most mainstream song on the album , `` Tush , '' is still a great track , minus Missy Elliot 's verse . Ghost brings both hardcore and beauty to this album . On `` Metal Lungies , '' Sheek Louch and the Ghost , Styles P. , spit ill verses over a dope track . `` Biscuits '' with Tony 's new project Trife starts the cd off right . The whole album is standout , esp . `` Save Me Dear , '' `` It 's Over , '' `` Run , '' and `` Love . '' All the named songs are very soulful , and `` Run '' is the illest track with Jada spitting fire . -LRB- Too bad the great remix with Comp isnt on here . -RRB- Overall , I would say this ranks behind Supreme Clientele but ahead of Bulletproof Wallets , with Ironman being his best . This album would have been a CLASSIC if he brought the Wu fam on here including Cappadonna , and more RZA produced tracks . Also , the unreleased material like `` My Guitar '' and `` Paychecks '' he could n't get clearance for would have made this album dope.But this album is one of the best Def Jam albums I 've heard in awhile , also one of the best of the year . Go out and cop this and support Ghost . Does n't get the respect he deserves , being a thousand times better than Method Man . Look out for No Said Date-Masta Killa June First . Gon na be a dope album . _ - Peace - _
 With RZA and Bobby Digital having conflicts of interest , ODB a part of the R.O.C. , Inspectah Deck losing his Wu-roots , and Method Man 's movie career , it is good to see that I can still depend on Ghost to deliver me a Wu-Banger time after time . I admit I had my doubts when I heard he signed with DefJam -LRB- check Keith Murray -RRB- , but I 'm glad he proved me wrong . Though DefJam likes to have creative control over a lot of their artist , it seems they decided to let Ghostface have his way . I was really feeling the whole vibe of the album . Once again , Ghostface delivers . That 's enough reading , so go cop this .
 Ghostface - The Pretty Toney Album -LRB- Def Jam , 2004 -RRB- He may have removed the `` Killah '' from his monkier but that does n't mean that Ghostface does n't kill it on this album . Actually , from start to finish the album is pretty solid , but what do you expect from the most consistent Wu member ? There are n't any Wu collabos on here -LRB- though RZA produces a track and Dirt McGirt shows up for some adlibs -RRB- ; instead , find Ghost rapping with the Ghost -LRB- Styles P. , that is -RRB- and an even hungrier Sheek Louch on `` Metal Lungies '' and Jadakiss on `` Run '' , a track so hot that Kiss said he `` may have to take his shirt off '' . Even the duet with Jackie-O -LRB- who I admittedly thought would be a one-hit wonder by now -RRB- on `` Tooken Back '' comes off nice . The only duet that 's average is the `` this-one 's - for-the radio '' track , `` Tush '' with Missy Elliott . Otherwise , newcomers and Wu/Ghost fans should be satisfied . - EJR
 In the current atmosphere of rap works like this album must truly be applauded so that the continuity of like works be maintained until the way of life infects the way of death 'til mortality be appreciated.Because true hip-hop is a culture and a way of life to grow to , Ghost has grown as well to manifest the aspect of godliness that is God is Love and sunz of righteousness redeem themselves and polish the merits of others that they abandon not the light within in pursuit of the darker side . Ghostface on the song `` Love '' is killin 'em with kindness and leaving the hardened hearts to be blinded of their own darkness . That 's just one song it does n't stop there . Like someone else mentioned previously , Ghostface rhymes like he 's going for broke that 's what keeps that cat as fresh as he was from the get go . Ghost is a champion for the righteous cause of music to live to and he 's the human artist that captures the essence of the melancholy of the human condition . Dude captures the fine details of life like a fine-toothed comb leaving only the obtuse to marvel unappreciatively . The obtuse too are appreciated for their presence for they are the measure above which the meticulous must rise.As Ghostface would say `` Tyson bit Holyfield 's ear , we love the sport '' . Buy this album along with `` Supreme Clientele '' and soak it all up and grow like a plant . PEACE .
 Is 50 trying to get at Ghost ? 50 just jacked the beat for metal Lungies for his new album ? This puts the ` dis ' to ` respect ' ! How many of yall knew Ghost had beef wit 50 b4 the Big ` Artificial ' Bang ? -LRB- one time calling him out on Supreme Clientele -LRB- Clyde Smith -RRB- -RRB- . Somebody betta let him know!What yall think ?
 Ghost 's fourth solo project , but the first he would be releasing on Def Jam . Ghost returns to prove all the doubters wrong and come out with the intense , raw and emotional styles of rap that we all came to recognise over a decade ago . Ghost 's rapping has n't changed much during his absense in the rap , I feel Ghost only improves with age , with cuts like `` Biscuits '' and `` Metal Lungies '' , Ghost seems more hungry than ever to go head-to-head with the best of 'em . With cuts like `` Save Me Dear '' , Ghost shows his love for women . Also Ghost comes back to takeover the club jams with `` Tush '' featured with `` Missy Elliot '' . Also RZA shows up for `` Run '' with Jadakiss . The album shows Ghost leading the Wu-Tang to the right direction and sooner or later they will be back to smash the world !
 The album is perfect with no doubt . The Pretty Toney album ca n't be anywhere below 5 stars . You come to love Ghostface 's style and his pick of production because nothing else out sounds like it . My favorite songs have to be Holla and Metal Lungies . Throughout the album you hear great music from our old school singers and groups like The Delfonics , who knew a hot verse could go with classics like La La -LRB- Means I Love You -RRB- . There 's a lot of funny tracks even when there not meant to be and there 's plenty more that get you right back on serious mode but your never uninterested in what 's next . If your new to Ghostface then Pretty Toney or Ironman will be the album to get you into him and school you on what 's left of the little number of real rappers that are left .
 one of my fav 's of his . there is this track on this album where the press is interviewing him and he just blows them off , brilliant
 I love this album . It is the most light and soft album of ghost . Holla '' & `` Save Me Dear '' are especially interesting because they both have Ghost rapping not just over soul samples , but the entire original song.Also he makes fun of himself all through the album which is fresh for me .
 If I could have only 1 cd , id pick this one because you can never get tired of it .
 `` brothers in the hood stay togather like cheap rice '' , lol you people cant rate this album less then 5 stars !!!!! , this dude is one of the few members of the royal Wu family thats still relevent and is still creative . with songs like `` It 's Over '' and `` Be This Way '' this album should of gone platinum , but you know how it be ...
 Yeah I said it . This might be Ghostface Killah 's worst album , but that is n't saying much because of the fact that all of his albums have been very consistent . He has yet to drop a wack album , and the fact that this was his first album on Def Jam Records made no difference . `` The Pretty Toney Album '' is probably a slept on gem from Ghostface.The VERY exact reason why I bought this album , was because I was blown away by the song `` Holla '' as he rhymed over the exact original beat by The Delfonics `` La-La -LRB- Means I Love You -RRB- '' . My dad used to play the original song into the ground when I was a kid , so hearing that mix right there was great . Everytime I hear Ghostface rhyme , he is very consistent with his lyrics . In fact , it would be very hard for the common listener to find any of his rhyme sub-par on this album . Even when he has fun rhyming like on songs `` Beat The Clock '' and `` Keisha 's House '' , and `` Last Night '' -LRB- I do n't think those are skits because he rhymes on most of those tracks -RRB- . And there are time when he can get serious like on `` Biscuts '' with Trife Da God from Theodore Unit , and `` It 's Over '' . Even with the Missy Eliott assisted song `` Tush '' -LRB- or `` Push '' -RRB- , Ghostface still has versatility no matter what the subject is.This album is n't perfect though . The only tracks I found forgettable were `` Be This Way '' and `` Tooken Back '' with Jackie-O -LRB- who ironically drops a decent verse -RRB- . All problems with this album end there . And this is n't a problem for me , but there are no contributions from the Wu except a couple of beats from RZA . That kind of threw me off a little bit . `` The Pretty Toney Album '' is an excellent album from Ghostface . If you 're used to hearing how Ghost sounds , this album should be no different . I always admired Ghostface for his skills behind the mic since he appeared on `` The Cuban Linx Album '' . This album still shows that Ghost can still hold his own down , and I recommed that you check this one out.Lyrics
 Ghostface did again with this one ! While other Wu-Tang members struggles to make a good solo album , Ghost has pleased us with four fantastic ones , so far . The Staten Island rapper have established as an independent artist and on this record , there is n't one Wu related on the guest list . Not even Raekwon is to be found here.Since last time Ghostface have dropped the `` Killah '' from his name , maybe he 's too old for that stuff , and I guess he wishes to be taken more seriously now . Difference from last time though , are n't so big . He talks about his days in the ghetto , but the thing is no one does this better than him . Ghostface really puts his heart in his work and has an authority + an eye for details that only a few rappers have . The guests on this album fit right in . Sheek Louch , Styles P and Jadakiss drops some great verses on `` Metal Lungies '' and `` Run '' , and these two songs are some of this records highlights . Other guests as Trife , Missy Elliott and Jacki-O also manage surprisingly good . When it comes to production , RZA have only contributed with two beats . Thereby have people like Nottz , No I.D. , True Master , Digga and Minnesota taken the job . Ghost himself have also `` produced '' two songs . What he really did , is actually rappin ' over others songs . He put his vocal upon Delfonics vocal on `` Holla '' , and on `` Save Me Dear '' it 's poor Freddie Scott that got ta suffer.Just as his last record , Bulletproof Walletz , should The Pretty Toney album be enjoyed in entirety . There is n't to many songs that really stands out , but everything is put together so well . The mood of the record plays a big part and maybe there are just a couple of skits too much.Compared to the brilliant Bulletproof Walletz , there is more soul samples this time . Maybe he wanted away from the typical Wu-Tang sound . This record have a wonderful retro feel and in conclusion this record is worth having in your collection.I ca n't wait for Fishscale .
 Ghostface is probably my favorite hip hop artist of all time . his delivery is gritty , yet full of a looney sense of humor and an imaginitave way of describing events . his musical backdrop is more old school soul than modern hip hop and that puts him far and above the modern crop of so-so artists that plague the charts.the humorously titled The Pretty Toney Album sounds like Ghostface has found his groove again after the erratic , but brilliant Supreme Clientele ; and the mostly flat Bulletproof Wallets cd . his verses flow with a newfound purpose and the production is top-notch . utilizing lots of old soul samples , tasty orchestration and fun backing vocals , the songs shine on their own , but more importantly , they create a great atmosphere for the album as a whole and The Pretty Toney Album easily sounds like the most focused and coherent effort since the Ironman debut.the standout tracks are hard to single out , because they are all solid and worth their weight in gold ... or , err . . platinum . but the song `` Biscuits '' contains the best chorus in any Ghostface song yet . a really great great song . and it should be noted that the skits on this cd are actually good and funny , which is a pretty rare thing for any rap/hip-hop album .
 This album blew me away , I was expecting Ghost 's usual lyrical excellence and a few good RZA beats , but all the beats are pretty hot , and every single song on the album is good . Like someone else said , that hook on `` Ghostface '' can get pretty old , but the verses are good , and that 's the only weak track . Even the more R&B type tracks are still good , I 'm glad to see Ghost is n't afraid to rap about love and healing the hood . Overall , Ghostface continues his lyrical excellence , and the beats are all great . A Definite must have for any hip hop fan .
 Fans perception of this album was that since it was Ghost 's first Def Jam release , the powerhose known as Def Jam Recordings was gon na flex it 's influential industry muscle and make Ghost compramise his album for a more pop appeal . What fans got was the complete opposite . Everything you would get on a Ghostface record , you got on The Pretty Toney album . Despite the fact that The RZA only produced two tracks -LRB- the street-banging `` Run '' featuring Jadakiss and `` Kunta Fly Sh*t '' -RRB- , the album is filled with Ghost trademarks -LRB- such as hood songs like `` Buiscuits '' featuring Tryfe Da God , `` Metal Lungies '' featuring Sheek Louch & Styles P , `` It 's Over '' , `` Be This Way '' and the aforementioned `` Run '' -RRB- and soulful joints -LRB- `` Save Me Dear '' , `` Holla '' and `` Love '' featuring Musiq Soulchild and K.Fox -RRB- . Even the commercial-sounding songs like `` Ghostface '' , `` Tooken Back '' featuring Jackie-O and the second single `` Tush '' featuring Missy Elliot -LRB- an obvious attempt for radio spins , but that 's a Def Jam move , not Ghostface 's -RRB- are all pretty good . All in all , Pretty Toney was one of the best albums -LRB- probably top 5 -RRB- of 2004 , even with former Arista Records president L.A. Reid 's -LRB- who specializes more with R&B -RRB- new position as Def Jam chairman .
 I do n't know , I have a friend that said that Ghost fell victim to the Wu tang drop off on this LP . . I disagree . Ghost has always held it down when it came to giving some entertaining music . This Lp is different from the GREAT Supreme Clientele , Ironman , Bulletproof Wallets -LRB- which was weak compared to the others -RRB- and now he is on Def Jam ... which could be a gift and a curse . . but never the less Ghost delivers some good music on this one . My standout cuts are ... . Biscuits , Beat the Clock , Metal Lungies with Sheek and Styles P of the Lox , Tush with Missy Elliott -LRB- come on that beat is hot !!!!! -RRB- , Be This Way , and Run w/Jadakiss -LRB- what happened to that kat from DC that was on the mixtape and video version ??? -RRB- The skits at times comes out of no where but I think this is a good debut for his Def Jam label . Ghostface is like Guiness beer , you must have an accquired taste for his music ! Get this LP it is good , and should be on heavy rotation in your music collection ... also ... it is better than METHOD MAN 'S !!!!!!!!!!!
 First of all I really would like to give this a 4.5 , but of course that 's not possible . Ghostface hits us with another dope album , probobly his most solo album yet . There are no Wu-Tang guest appearances , but Rza produces a couple tracks . This album is really soulful , the background vocals and the beats just have that old school feel , which I like . My favorite tracks are Biscuits feat . Trife , Beat The Clock , Metal Lungies feat . Sheek & Styles , It 's Over , Holla , Ghostface , Run feat . Jadakiss , and Love feat . Musiq & K. Fox . The other tracks are good , there 's no wack stuff on this album . The most important thing about this CD is that it 's real Hip-Hop music which I feel is coming back in a big way . If you 're a fan of Ghostface or Wu-Tang you should definitley cop this . Do n't be fooled by the single Tush with Missy , this is n't a party album , it 's a Hip-Hop album .
 Lyrically impressed by his talent as a true MC . None of that mainstream influence , well done ! I was told by a friend that if I wanted to buy a cd that would take me back to the day of good MCing this would be the one .
 Now signed to Def Jam , Ghostface Killah releases the follow-up to his third solo album in 2004 with `` The Pretty Toney Album . '' Spawnning the hits `` Run '' and `` Tush , '' Ghostface got some mainstream appeal and even got played on B.E.T. for a brief time period . Can Ghostface keep it street enough to make another solid album or will he dumb down his lyrics and such to sell more records ? 1 . Intro - No Rating2 . Biscuits -LRB- Featuring Trife Da God -RRB- - 5/53 . Kunta Fly S *** - Too Short - No Rating4 . Beat the Clock - 4.5 / 55 . Metal Lungies -LRB- Featuring Sheek Louch & Styles P. -RRB- - 4/56 . Bathtub -LRB- Skit -RRB- - No Rating7 . Save Me Dear - 4.5 / 58 . It 's Over - 4.5 / 59 . Keisha 's House -LRB- Skit -RRB- - No Rating10 . Tush -LRB- Featuring Missy Elliot -RRB- - 3.5 / 511 . Last Night -LRB- Skit -RRB- - No Rating12 . Holla - 4.5 / 513 . Ghostface - 4.5 / 514 . Be This Way - 4.5 / 515 . The Letter -LRB- Skit -RRB- - No Rating16 . Tooken Back -LRB- Featuring Jackie-O -RRB- - 3.5 / 517 . Run -LRB- Featuring Jadakiss -RRB- - 3.5 / 518 . Love -LRB- Featuring Musiq & K. Fox -RRB- - 4/5Overall :50.5 / 604 StarsAnother good album by Ghostface , probably his weakest one so far but still great nonetheless . The album started out great and continued to impress until the last couple tracks which lacked severly . Ghost tried too hard to appeal to the mainstream on a couple of them but does keep it street for most of the records . Still check it out , Ghostface just ca n't be stopped .
 Aside from the much talked about annoying skits Ghostface lets it all hang out on his fourth solo effort . `` Pretty Toney Album '' is full of hot beats , samples that he rides through the end of the course spitting hot lyrics.Since superstardom has eluded this member of Wu Tang , He is still hungry and you can tell by the way he holds it down on cuts like `` Metal Lungies '' , `` Beat the clock '' and `` Its over '' . The Sampled `` Save me Dear '' is a hilarious take from the rapper . Going for commercial appeal the addition of Missy Elliot on `` Tush '' is not the hit it could have been.Back to his hard hitting street roots is what this cd is about . The album starts off on high notes and loses momentum at the end with cuts like `` Holla '' and `` Be this way '' becoming lame and uninspired . Fortunately `` Love '' , a ballad saves the end of the album . Also look for Jackie-O on the hot `` Tooken Back '' . This album shoot put Ghostface on the list of hot releases .
 Let me just say that this is the best cd i have heard in a while . I still love the Wu but here lately it seems that their albums have not been up to par with what i expect from them . But as always Ghost pulls through and makes another great album . I love the b-sides and the best song has to be holla -LRB- I think ghost should release it as a single b/c it has a whole new style that many have n't heard before trust me it could be huge -RRB- .
 This album is great ! One thing I dont like is that RZA only produced 2 tracks .1 : Intro 3/52 : Biscuits 5/53 : Kunta Fly S ** t 4/54 : Beat the clock 4/55 : Metal Lungies 4/56 : Bathtub -LRB- Skit -RRB- 2/57 : Save Me Dear 5/58 : Its over 3/59 : Keisha 's House -LRB- skit -RRB- 4/510 : Tush 5/511 : Last Night -LRB- skit -RRB- 5/512 : Holla 5/513 : Ghostface 5/514 : Be This Way 3/515 : The Letter -LRB- skit -RRB- 2/516 : Tooken Back 3/517 : Run 5/518 : Love 4/5This album is really good . The skits might throw you off a bit . Go out and get it !
 EVERYONE ELSE ALREADY SAID IT EVERYTHING ELSE POSSIBLE I 'LL JUST GIVE MY SINCERE RATING 5 STARS -LRB- ***** -RRB- WUTANG FOREVER !!!! LONG LIVE THE WU-EMPIRE !!! WUTANG FOREVER !!!! LONG LIVE THE WU-EMPIRE !!! WUTANG FOREVER !!!! LONG LIVE THE WU-EMPIRE !!! WUTANG FOREVER !!!! LONG LIVE THE WU-EMPIRE !!! WUTANG FOREVER !!!! LONG LIVE THE WU-EMPIRE !!! WUTANG FOREVER !!!! LONG LIVE THE WU-EMPIRE !!! WUTANG FOREVER !!!! LONG LIVE THE WU-EMPIRE !!! WUTANG FOREVER !!!! LONG LIVE THE WU-EMPIRE !!! WUTANG FOREVER !!!! LONG LIVE THE WU-EMPIRE !!! WUTANG FOREVER !!!! LONG LIVE THE WU-EMPIRE !!! WUTANG FOREVER !!!! LONG LIVE THE WU-EMPIRE !!! WUTANG FOREVER !!!! LONG LIVE THE WU-EMPIRE !!!
 i dunno what that fa.g is talking aboput `` dont let tush fool ya `` heh that moron * tush * was da best song that month of march you silly a $ $ dweeb anywayz this is hotter beyonce 's butt buy it DuDe !
 ghostface came with his 4th album different because to him the every rapper in the rap game was doing the same thing this album isnt as good as his first 3 albums but it was something new and thats a good thing .
 This album could have been better by eliminating a few unnecessary songs -LRB- `` Tush '' being the most obvious one -RRB- , but then again , it could have sold better as well . The record certainly deserved it . I doubt that the world 's female population would appreciate some of GFK 's raps -LRB- trust me , do n't play `` Beat The Clock '' if there are any chicks in the room ... just trust me on this -RRB- , but its still better than most of the product out on the market now .
 After taking 2 and a half years off and switching to one of rap 's most powerful labels , Ghost returns with another solid album . Not as Wu sounding but a lot of old samples from classic songs of the 50 's and 60 's are used , and who else to pull it off but the king of the nonsense hysterical lyrics himself , and their are plenty of them on this album . As far as the production , 8 different producers chip in on this one . RZA , Nottz , and No ID each do 2 songs , and Digga , True Master , Minnesota , K Def , and Dub Dot Z each do a song , and 2 songs are just him rapping over old songs and their 's 2 short freestyles over old beats as well . It has 1 classic , 7 good songs , 2 good freestyles , 1 or 2 ok songs , 2 or 3 that I skip . A must have rap album not just for Wu fans but people who liked rap before it bacame mostly garbage like it is now . # 2 - 9 -LRB- f / trife -RRB- # 3 - 6 -LRB- slower song -RRB- # 4 - 8 # 5 - 8.5 -LRB- f / sheek & styles of the LOX -RRB- # 7 - 8 # 8 - 8.5 # 9 - short and funny freestyle # 10 - 6 -LRB- f / missy elliot -RRB- # 11 - -LRB- anotehr funny freestyle -RRB- # 12 - 10 -LRB- CLASSIC !!!! -- he raps over the great Delfonics song `` La La Means I Love You '' -- only he could do this one like Kay Slay said -RRB- # 13 - 7.5 # 14 -8 # 16 - 6.5 -LRB- f / Jackie O -RRB- # 17 - 9 -LRB- F / jadakiss of the LOX -RRB- # 18 - 4.5 -LRB- slow song f / Musiq -RRB- Dennis Coles -- b. around 1972 -- Stapleton , Staten Island , NYCheck all my reviews
 I always loved Wu and Ghost , so i had to check this out , not knowing what to expect , cause Wallets was just aight . I was def impressed by this album . I saw the single with Missy and I thought Ghost went pop , but after hearin the whole thing , all can agree , this is HOT . Check out `` Metal Lungies '' and `` Run '' for some hot D-Block verses from Jada , Sheek , and SP . `` Holla '' is just Toney rhymin over an old Delfonics song , not sample , the whole song ! I hear this song on the Muzak workin at Price Chopper , make me crack up . Hottest track on this album tho , for me at least , `` Be This Way '' . Good sample , hot hot beats , some REAL lyrics from Ghost , good message . Like he says on the intro , new label , same Starks ... and a HOT album .
 I just got this cd . I listened the whole cd and i must say its great . It doesnt have the classic wu-tang sound but i like the soul sound ghostface made here . I was deciding on which cd to get between no said date and this album , and i got the no said date when it came out , then i saw people reviewing that this album is better . So i went to the store and bought it , even though i might not agree with people saying that this is better than no said date i can understand their view . If you are a wu-tang fan and real hip-hop fan , you will definately enjoy this cd . The only song i dont like is the Tush song with Missy and there is a bit too many skits which arent really needed but it doesnt deny the fact that this is a great cd . 4.5 stars !!!!
 Ghostface has always been the most consistent solo Wu member . Sure , Meth is the most marketable , Rae 's Cuban Links was off the hook , and RZA is a monster , but Pretty Tony has brought his A-game since day one.The Pretty Tony Album is Ghostface 's most mainstream effort , which might not please some of the more devoted Tony Starks fans out there . I 've been following the Ghost for a while now and have always loved the unique grimy production over his rough aggressive flow . Pretty Tony is not quite a follow-up to Ghost 's trademark style . The album is a more marketable towards the mainstream in that the production is softer and the guest appearances are n't knee-deep in the Wu -LRB- think Missy Elliot -RRB- . The single `` Tush '' is the weakest track on there and do n't be fooled by that being your first impression of the whole album . The whole album is pretty consistent , but stand out tracks are `` Biscuits '' , `` Beat the Clock '' and `` Run '' featuring Jadakiss -LRB- which is a good look for both MCs because Ghost 's grime and Jada 's raspy flow compliment eachother beautifully -RRB- . RZA 's beats are n't anything to write home about but good nonetheless . That being said you will not be dissapointed by the beats even though it 's a far cry from his previous work.My only real criticism is that there is n't enough Wu on the album . I know their slowly falling apart but one of the hottest tracks by the Ghost is `` Wu Banger 101 '' from Supreme , which features practically the whole crew . The whole Supreme album is chock full of Wu appearances and as a old-timer who loves them `` the good ol' days '' when Wu owned the set , it 's always fun to hear them together on a hot-to-death full length album . You wo n't find that on The Pretty Tony Album , but that 's not to say you wo n't be pleased.If you 're only just getting into Ghostface right now then you will love this album but you will not be exposed to the true Ghostface . Peep Bulletproof Wallets or Supreme Clientel then come talk to me . Pretty Tony is more of a mainstream , softer version of the Tony Starks we all know and love . Ironman will take us to the promised land , and I 'm guessing that Theo Unit is just going to further emphasize that -LRB- coming August 8 or something like that -RRB- .
 ghost did his thing on this album , its got crazy soul , holla sample lalala i luv int he middle off the song if you like soul this song os going to go crazy , the album is ghost as consitent as he is , great production -LRB- Rza , Tru masta , NO i.d , Red spyda , Minnisota -RRB- there are like 2-3 weak songs , tush -LRB- its ok but doesnt fit the album -RRB- , Love -LRB- way to R&B ish -RRB- and take me back -LRB- its a good song if it was on jackie-o 's album ill give me more props but doesnt fit the album . yo when u hear buiscuits u going to go back to 95 when everybody was all wu and Jay-z was just that rapper with foxy brown . but even as dope as this album is Masta Killa 's No said Date is WU Tanmg in the purest form , ull luv the no said date wayyy better then pretyy tony believe masta killa has the entire wu on his album , ghost has NO WU FEATURES !!! NON no rae , gza , meth , rza no wu members , Masta killa got even Odb get No Said Date , then this , and step on Tical the prequeal , thats album make me lose all faith in meth .
 Ghostface had alot to live up to with this LP after droping such classiscs as ` Iron man ' & ` Supreme Clientele ' , and if you ask me , he did . The album starts off pretty good with the mixtape banga ` Biscuits ' featuring Ghost 's protege ' Trife of the Theodore Unit , then on to `` Kunta Fly Sh*t '' it 's kind of like an interlude , but really good . Throgh the first half the album is golden with cuts like `` Beat the Clock '' and the 2/3 of the Lox assisted `` Metal Lungies '' . It 's the other half of the album that brings it down with tracks like `` Tush '' , `` Ghostface '' , and `` Tooken Back '' but do n't get me wrong `` Tooken Back '' is not a bad track but is just not up to par with the others . Luckily the album is saved with the classics '' Beat the Clock '' & `` Run '' . ` The Pretty Toney Album ' is just short of a classic but with the unfitting tracks `` Tush '' , `` Ghostface '' , and `` Tooken Back '' just holds the album down .
 If u are lookin for a good album with some soul into it this is the album to go get . I just bought this album and i only found a few songs that didnt suit me . But I think the following tracks are his best ... 2 . Biscuits 5/54 . Beat The Clock 4/55 . Metal Lungies 5/513 . Ghostface 3/514 . Be This Way 4/515 . Tooken Back 4/517 . Run 5/5
 Tight !!!! If you understand Ghostface , then you 'll understand his album . If you like unique rappers , then you 'll lover this album . This album is for all hip hoppers around and there is no reason why every household in america should n't have . LOL !
 This is what I was looking for from Ghost in his last album . Ghost is back in full effect . Even though this is his 3rd best album behind Ironman and Supreme Clientele , it still goes hard as hell . My favorite song on the album is ` Beat the Clock ' right now , but that will probably change in a few weeks . Go pick this album up , its pure hip hop .
 First off , anyone who gave this cd 1 or 5 stars is out of their mind . This cd would have been 5 stars easily if it were released with all the great B-side songs on it . Gorilla Hood , the remix of `` Run '' with Comp , the original version of `` Ghostface '' -LRB- which is far superior to the version on this album etc. . By no stretch of the imagination does this cd merit 1 star either . You can tell time and effort was put into this cd . Is it a classic ? Probably not . But does it blow away almost anything thats come out recently ? Pretty much.Another thing that bothers me about everyone else 's reviews are they say there are no Wu spots on this album ... So what ? The last time I checked this was a Ghostface album , not a Wu album . My favorite songs on this album are
 Everyone knows the Wu-Tang Clan . The crazy kung-fu sample using 9 member clan of lyrical assasins . All the members are different in their own right and great MC 's , but Ghostface has always been one of the more charismatic and unique members . What makes him charasmatic is his sound and delivery of rhymes . It 's flashy and highly energetic , which is different than his kung-fu grimey clan mates . Also , Ghost has always been one to use a different type of beats than the rest of the Clan . And those beats are different because there SOULFUL ! That 's right , this album , as with other Ghost releases , draws heavily from the 60-70 's motown and soul sound . This works great for Ghostface.This album is no exception of those great old school beats . With joints like `` Save me Dear '' and `` Holla '' its like you 're back in the 70 's . This album is mainly produced by peopele out of the Wu tang -LRB- except Run which is done by Rza -RRB- but it 's still has excellent beats . Ghost rips all the tracks as usual with his near perfect flow and voice.The only two problems I have with this album is 1 -RRB- the song `` Tush '' with missy and 2 -RRB- the guest spots . All the songs are nice but Tush is in my opinion is simply an attempt to get airplay for this album . Nothing more . And the guests , which are pretty much all non wu-tang members , is ok but it still does n't compare to Wu albums of old where it was all in-house Wu guests.All in All I would DEFINITELY recommend this album . It 's got a great , upbeat sound to it and proves that Wu Tang still got it . So props to Ghost for releasin another excellent soulful album
 I could kick myself in the rear for putting Method Man over Ghostface the past few years . Ghostface Killa is on a ROLL . This is definitely the tighest album to come out of the Wu Camp since ... well Supreme Clientel , also by Ghostface . DO NOT SLEEP ON DA GHOST !!!!!!!!! # 2-Tight # 4-Tight # 5-Str8 BANGA # 10-I 'll be playing this club song in the ride on many days # 12-Tight # 16-Sounds almost like Camron 's `` Oh Boy '' but tight nonetheless # 17-Now this is THE BEST SONG ON THE CD . Ghost and Jada trading quotables back and forth , especially Kiss . Kiss str8 brings the heat on his verses . Production by RZA , well that needs to explaining , but the man IZ RAZOR SHARP on the beats , especially the with gun going off in the background.Ghostface proves yet again why he should be Wu-Finest instead of Method Man . COP this if you already do n't have it .
 Face is my savior ! He once again has released a hot album with all the right stuff . The samples , the lyrics , the beats , even the interludes are hot ! Everything is so good that Pretty Toney may be contending Supreme Clientele for the best Face album yet . Even with the lack of RZA-produced beats on this album , it still prevails as perhaps the best yet of 2004 . If you are truly looking for quality hip-hop with a track for everyone 's taste , then this is it and you need to buy it as quick as you can . A must have for anyone , period !
 This album is what Wu Tang is supposed to sound like . Ghostface has proved he is one of the best rappers in hip hop . Every song has its own personality and classic Wu touch . I recommend this album to any hip hop fan . I wish this music was more popular , so everyone could know the true face of what hip hop is supposed to sound like .
 Cop this sh ** hot Wu albumBiscuits
 Ghostface style took a while for me to get use to but I did and it 's hot
 crayzee_eich needs to be strung up and shot . look at this twats reviews . there all dissin wu-tang when this guy clearly doesnt have a clue !! If you got ta problem wit tha clan come tell em and im sure they 'll sort it out . ;-RRB- . . or you can come visit me and sort it . : -RRB- this album is safe . better than i thought it wud be .
 Everytime Ghost releases an album I fall in love with hip-hop all over again . All of his albums top my list of favorite Hip-Hop/Rap albums of all time . It really makes me sad when I see a top ten list and he is n't on it . He is truly underated . This is the only full album that I have brought all year , that is because Ghost 's songs flow like one choesive journy through his mind rather then a collection of wannabe club bangas , and as always his beats are beautiful .
 A must buy album for all the true hip hop heads out there.once again , Ghostface saves the Wu . You do n't even have to press the skip button .
 Once again Ghost rips it off for the WU HEAD BANGERS all around the world . He brings back the old soul music from the 70 's which makes have a groovy beat throughout the whole album . I am sort of upset that no Wu Member was on the CD . The song with Missy is WHACK !!! thats the only default on the cd . Here are some good songs to download >> > SIKE ! STOP BEING A JEW BUY THE CD AND SUPPORT THE MUSIC INDUSTRY !
 GHOSTFACE ONCE AGAIN IN PRIME FORM
 Ghostface Killa comin back strong with this album . Not old school style , but hey this is Ghostface 's style . Love it or hate it . But you have to love it . Ghost rips up the beats with his hott lyrics !! People say this album sucks , dont think so . He went on on a different label , and the album is still fire ! Couple skits which sucks but hey , its all good . You ca n't be dissapointed by the lyrics , maybe the beats , since you might think theyre to mainstream sounding . But hey thats the evolution of Ghostface , thats his style . Always been . # 1 . Intro # 2 . Biscuits - 10/10 # 3 . Kunta Fly Sh*t - 10/10 # 4 . Beat The Clock - 10/10 # 5 . Metal Lungies - 10/10 # 6 . Bathtub -LRB- Skit -RRB- - -LRB- Haha -RRB- # 7 . Save Me Dear - 10/10 # 8 . It 's Over - 10/10 # 9 . Keisha 's House -LRB- Skit -RRB- - -LRB- Funny at the beggining LOL ! -RRB- # 10 . Tush - 10/10 # 11 . Last Night -LRB- Skit -RRB- # 12 . Holla - 10/10 # 13 . Ghostface - 10/10 # 14 . Be This Way - 10/10 # 15 . The Letter -LRB- Skit -RRB- # 16 . Tooken Back - 10/10 # 17 . Run - 10/10 # 18 . Love - 10/10Cop this album ! I really like it , its a banger ! Oh yea Ghostface should be releasin another album late 2005 . Thats the rumor!Buy !!
 This record contains some of the best rhyming i have heard on a rap album in a while , and i must say right now it is EXTREMLEY refreshing to not hear the kind of stupid rap today but clever , true rap that people like Ghostface and Kanye West have restored . The songs on this album are good , with 2 exceptions , and the beggining songs really get you angry like on `` Biscuits '' and `` Metal Lungies '' which are virtually gun-clap seethers . By the end however he 's begging for his girl -LRB- `` Tooken Back '' -RRB- , sprinting for his life -LRB- `` Run '' -RRB- , and taking stock of everything worth living for -LRB- `` Love '' -RRB- . So all in all , it is a good album and i strongly reccomend it .
 Ghostface puts it down as usual on this album . I bought Ironman and have bought all Ghostface albums to date . As usual this album does n't disappoint the real hip hop fan . If you are into that club , comercial s ** t . This is not for you !! But if you need a break from talking about rims clothes and the other thing all these MC 's keep talking about listen to real MCing from the master Pretty Toney . .
 Ghostface just does n't make bad albums , you should know that by now . If you like Ghostface 's style of rap -LRB- mile-a-minuet jargon or intricately detailed story telling -RRB- then you 're be ready for another great installment to his career . If you do n't like his style , which is not for everyone , that 's fine
 Ghostface 's new album is n't as good as Supreme Clientele , but it definitely is a hot CD ... the last track with musiq called ` love ' is nice , and obviously ghost and jada 's `` RUN ! '' is sick ... there 's only 1 song i truly hate on the CD and its the one with a beat with a telephone ringing , it just gets on my nerves ... otherwise in my opinion its a pretty hot CD , but not as good as some of Ghost 's other albums . .
 this cd is hot . The best songs on this Cd are1 -RRB- RUN2 -RRB- TUSS3 -RRB- BISCUTS4 -RRB- ITS OVER5 -RRB- BEAT THE CLOCKGO COP THIS HOT SH*T
 If you do not have the money to purchase the Pretty Toney Album , then be sure to steal it . It is worth jail time . Ghost raps as if there is no tomorrow , spitting fast but audible lyrics that flow beautifully . His style is aggressive but rhythmic . Production on the album compliments Ghost 's rhymes perfectly . The sound and production are perfect . The lyrical content at times is cliche , but Ghost wrote the book on gritty lyrics so he pulls it off easily . The album is refreshing , honest , and a must-buy .
 Years ago , -LRB- 96-99 -RRB- I was a die-hard Wu fan . I 'd buy every release , every solo and every spin-off . It seems after `` Wu-Tang Forever , '' these guys could n't be stopped . Not Jigga , not Biggie , not Pac . Boy was I wrong . Things went downhill after that . Ghost was the only consistant one . It 's funny , he was on my `` Wu member least likely to suceeed '' list . So here we are , his third solo and his first album on Def Jam . This could 've been a disasterous event . After all , `` Bulletproof Wallets '' was cool at the time , but it did n't last . Def Jam is n't street like the good days , but you know , this is fantastic album . I love raw wordplay as much as the next man , but this is n't exactly '97 anymore . You ca n't come out talking about `` Baked Ziti '' related material . Ghost is well aware of that.This time you can actually understand him , but none of his off-kilter slang has been compromised . Need proof ? Take `` Holla . '' Where Mr. Kanye `` man of the moment '' West would speed up an old school track . Ghost actually rhymes to the actual song . Old school vocals an all , and with lines like `` Like an angry crippled man , do n't push me , '' you know what 's up . I 'm sure you 've heard `` Run . '' I 'm sure you know Rza did the beat , and I 'm sure you know Jada goes off as well . I do n't even like the Lox but this is great stuff . `` Biscuits '' sounds like `` Iron-Man '' era , with True Master -LRB- who is highly underated -RRB- lacing the track . The topics are your typical Ghost fare . Nostalgics , love , gangster tales , sex , you know the drill . This cd is more of a combination of all three solo records , which is why I ca n't give it 5 stars because um , there are some obvious radio joints . There 's nothing wrong with doing that , but common , the `` GhostFace '' song is really lame . I do n't think he even wanted to do it . That 's really my only gripe with the album . Everything else is top-notch . This is the best rap album to come out in years . Rap sux right now , but hey Ghost is carrying the torch . Too bad the other Wu members ca n't do the same .
 this is ghostface in his prime . he has matured with deeper lyrics , rza bings the raw and soulful beats . i have to say after a few listens , i like this album just as much , if not more than ` supreme clientele ' . this is for true ghostface fans . its raw , in your face , good ol' ghostface .
 Congrads to Ghost for always coming with fresh material . Yup , get this album ... Ghost is killing it the way only he can , and the beats are what I needed right now , freshly cut soul samples make that make this album sound like it 's out on motown . And for the ones hating on the new Ghost material ; it 's called evolution . The GFK does n't need to play it safe with a played out formula . Support the true innovators ! Peace ! -LRB- 4 stars so far , let you know in a couple if it 's 5 -RRB- Deshaies DaVinci
 The intro on the LP says it all
 Anyone who listens to Ghostface at this point has probably been a follower for sometime . He has built a reputation of hardcore crooning and shows passion in his rapping . This album does not disappoint . Ghost keeps his original formula by keepin the lyrical flow Ghost takes it home with sampled beats , and pays homage to The Moments at least twice -LRB- Skit # 6 and # 15 -RRB- , and The Delfonics -LRB- in `` Holla '' -RRB- . Being a huge fan of Philly-sound dusties this knocked me outta my chair.From the Intro track , where Ghost responds to `` How long did it take you to finish this album '' , the production is tight . This album may not appeal to those looking for crystal-clear `` Neptunian '' beats , as it has lots of raw , minimal sampled beats , but Ghost comes through by taking hiphop back to its roots , delivering with passionate flow . Aside from killa singles , I am pleased to say that The Pretty Toney Album '' plays as an ALBUM . That 's right , this is an ALBUM , and is an instant classic . Thanks for saving HipHop for the lovers of street music , Dennis Coles .
 This CD is a pretty good cd . This CD places after Ironman . Supreme Clientle was his best . Bulletproof Wallets was hot too but , I think Pretty Toney takes it . This CD has an old school feel to it . Ghostface is real hip hop . I 'm not gon na lie to ya 'll after listening to this CD a few times you will start getting tired of it . But , compared to what 's coming out now this CD is well worth the money . I 'm still a WU fan till the end . He does n't have Raekwon all over this like I would have liked . Cuz , those two are a deadly combo . There are n't really no Wu Tang cameos on this CD . Rza did a couple of beats . He has the LOX up here , but it 's not the same without the WU family on the tracks . Overall I did enjoy this CD . It 's probaly the best CD out as of right now . Ghostface is gon na do his thing regardless . He never lets his fans down ! He is still that energetic , emotional MC we all like !
 If you have this album by now you know that Tony Starks has been keeping the Wu Tang Clan on the minds of many although they 're not `` together '' . His solo projects are the best out of all the Wu members . Supreme Clientele was good , but not better than Ironman . Bulletproof Wallets was nice too . Anybody that does n't have Ironman needs to buy it . Do n't bootleg it either . Remember this downloaders and artists ... good music is worth buying . A good album is worth buying.I just put it in the stereo and from the sounds of the first 2 tracks , i may have to buy another on for the car . This album -LRB- like all Ghostface albums -RRB- will be worth playing for years to come .
 Ghostface has delivered an album to remember with his latest release `` The Pretty Toney Album '' -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . The first cut `` Biscuits '' is excellent , backed by some first class piano beats Ghostface and Trife rip this one up , delivering a blazing hot collabration that this reviewer will be bumping for a long time to come . Early tracks like `` Hunta Fly Sh ** '' and `` Beat The Clock '' flow through well , then Ghost hooks up with Styles and Sheek on another standout the grimey `` Metal Lungies '' . Ghostface reminisces about a special lady and love , backed by some oldschool soul sampling -LRB- You Got What I Need -RRB- on `` Save Me Dear '' . Another outsanding track is `` It 's Over '' , Ghost talks about his hustling days backed by some very sick beats and a nice chorus . `` Tush '' feat . Missy Elliot is one of those harmless somewhat funny commercial cuts , that will hopefully earn Face some more well deserved sales . Ghostfaces gets introspective talking about himself on the relaxed soulful `` Holla '' and the fastpaced `` Ghostface '' . Ghost 's lyrics and flow are addictive on yet another standout `` Be This Way '' . Upbeat `` Tooken Back '' feat . Jackie-O is a nice laidback track . Jadakiss and Ghost drop a banging cut with some memorable verses on `` Run '' . The final track with Musiq is amazing , you can feel the `` Love '' that Ghostface shows for his loved ones and those that have passed and this track makes me really appreciate life and my loved ones . The production , lyrics , sampling found throughout this album are all excellent . Definetly feeling the `` The Pretty Toney Album '' , recommend getting this one for the collection .
 In my opinion , this is the second best album of 2004 so far , next to Kanye West 's College Dropout . The production and lyrics are great , and the fact that there arent that many guests doesnt pull down the album at all .1 . Intro2.Biscuits ft.Trife-5 / 5-One of the best songs on the CD . Nice lyrics & great production -LRB- True Master -RRB- 3 . Kunta Fly Sh*t -3.5 / 5-Hot song , but only 1 minute long -LRB- Produced By RZA -RRB- 4 . Beat The Clock-5 / 5-Great beat again , and probably one of the best tracks lyrically on the CD -LRB- Produced by Minnesota -RRB- 5 . Metal Lungies ft.Styles P. & Sheek Louch-4 / 5-Another hot song , not the greatest beat , but really hot lyrics from 2/3 of the LOX & face -LRB- Produced by No ID -RRB- 6 . Bathtub -LRB- Skit -RRB- 7 . Save Me Dear-5 / 5-Great sampling on this track , one of the best songs and should be the next single -LRB- Produced by Ghostface -RRB- 8 . It 's Over-5 / 5-Nice storytelling on this one w / a hot beat -LRB- Produced by K Def -RRB- 9 . Keisha 's House -LRB- Skit -RRB- 10 . Tush ft. Missy Elliot-5 / 5-Second single , another one of the best songs -LRB- Produced by D.Troutman & Dub Dot Z -RRB- 11 . Last Night -LRB- Skit -RRB- 12.Holla-3 .5 / 5-Good song , sampling gets annoying -LRB- La La Means I Love You -RRB- but its not bad -LRB- Produced By Ghostface -RRB- 13.Ghostface-3 .5 / 5-Good song again , but the hook is really annoying -LRB- Produced By Digga -RRB- 14 . Be This Way-5 / 5-Another one of the best songs -LRB- yeah , theres a lot -RRB- great sampling & hot lyrics -LRB- Produced by Nottz -RRB- 15 . The Letter -LRB- skit -RRB- 16 . Tooken back ft.Jacki-0 -5 / 5-Another one of the best songs on the CD , Jacki-O & Ghostface have great verses17.Run ft. Jadakiss-5 / 5-First single , and another one of the best songs on the CD , the version on the CD doesnt feature Comp like the video , though -LRB- Produced By RZA -RRB- 18 . Love ft. Musiq & K. Fox-4 / 5-More R&B ; , but a good song
 Wow , having just listened to this album in full , I have to say that I was n't dissappointed at all . The production is fire , Ghostface 's lyrics are fire -LRB- as always -RRB- , and the cameo 's on this album just add to its greatness.Stand Out Tracks :02 . Beat the Clock05 . Metal Lungies08 . It 's Over12 . HollaThe only track that I did n't like was # 13 Ghostface . It did n't fit this album at all.This album minus the tracks Ghostface and Push = 5 stars .
 I must admit , the wu tang member and solo rapper , Ghostface is one of the most talented rappers in the world , this album is getting Killah to the top of the game with amazing lyrics , hot beats and excellent collaberations . Rumors on his next album , said to be produced by Public Enemy leader , Chuck D , will be featuring major collaberations with Outkast , Ludacris , Janet Jackson , WC and a final reunion with Wu Tang . Other than that , this album has memroble tracks like ` Run ' , ` Holla ' and ` Tush ' . ` Pretty Toney Album ' is ok for the established rap star , but there 's more to come .
 Ghostface a.k.a Tony Starks a.k.a Pretty Tony a.k.a Ironman is back . Although he is with Def Jam now his style has not changed . He is still the real MC we all have come to know and luv . This is real hiphop right here , not your everyday average , Ice and bling type rap CD . All the beats are bangers -LRB- a 70 's type feel -RRB- and the lyrics are straight fire from start to finish . This needs to be in heavy rotation this summer , since alot of people slept on BULLET PROOF WALLETS -LRB- another Ghostface album -RRB- . Wake up cause real hiphop can not be denied.Put away your Nelly , Chingy , and CashMoney CD for a second and listen to this joint.Instant classic right along with Supreme Clientele -LRB- another hot Ghostface album -RRB- Since the face been revealed game got real for real
 From the first track , I was hooked . I knew I was getting that classic Wu-Tang . Ghostface has been the number one Wu member for a long time and that does n't change with this cd -LRB- even though Masta Killa is making a hell of a come up -RRB- . I got this cd last week and have n't stopped listening to it . Ghostface spits that hellfire and brimstone raps like it 's nothing and his production , even though it 's not tight on some tracks , it 's still solid and good enough to spend you $ 11 , $ 12 . With the help of a few more Wu members , he makes us realize why we were wu-tang fans to begin and why 1993 was the happiest year of our lives . Get this and Masta Killa 's new joint too to add to the Wu collection . But by all means , avoid Meth 's new joint and avoid his tv show , as it looks like one of the stupidest things I 've ever seen .
 Ghost rules !!! he ` s very original . This is ghosts 2nd best album after supreme clientele .
 I 'm been rocking this one heavy rotation since it dropped.La , La , La , Holla - if you hear me !!!! Holla is one of my favorites , so are Beat the Clock , Biscuits , It 's Over , & Be This Way . I really like it all except Missy 's verse on Tush -LRB- just hit skip after Ghosts 2 verses -RRB- .
 Whoever this cat is from indonesia needs to shut his mouth , or chop his fingers off . This album is if not good is great . You can be mad for the new meth album but dont start dissin wu tang . This kid obviously knows nothin about hip hop and the english language . Wu tang still rules forever .
 this kid from indonesia or whatever , needs to be stepped on.right on his head , first of all , if you want to start a `` revolution '' make sure you have the grammar skills for people to understand what you 're talking about .
 This album is the defifnition of a classic . All the elements are there . Tight beats , tight lyrics this is an excellent product . Ghost has elevated the game . Others rappers need to take notes . Get this joint !
 Ghostface does it with `` Biscuits '' , this song sets up an albumn full of soulful loops and tracks . He pimps over the Delphonics orginal on `` Holla '' . The skits can do with out and the length is a classic Ghost albumn .
 This is a hip hop/soul album that only real heads will feel . Lyrics and production are on point through out the whole albumn . Honestly this is the illest albumn I 've heard since only built for cubanlinx ! This cat came with the real on almost every track . You can tell he put his heart and soul into every track ! Rarely will you find that now a days . Ghost definitely out did himself on this joint . If you 're into hip hop and the old school soul albumn 's you 're gon na feel this right here . Do yourself a favor and cop this if you hate the radio and `` rap music '' .
 Ghostface does it again with this album , and he does n't disappoint . The most consistant and popular member of the Wu returns to bless the fans with a HOT new album , and a new alter-ego of sorts . When I purchased , I knew it would exceed my expectations , and it did so with ease . Here 's the review : Album Highlights
 Another hot one from the most consistent man in the Wu . Damn that ! One of the most consistent in hip-hop period . Has n't disappointed yet . And this is hip-hop you can feel . Not this old manufractured crap you see all over MTV every five minutes . Ya 'll aint ready for Ghost . Keep it up man and tell the rest of the Wu to step it up . I still got love for them.Wu-Tang Forever babythetza
 ONE OF THE BEST CDS OUT TO DATE BETS KANYE WEST BUT NWA & 2PAC ARE STIL ON TOP
 Once again he came through showing the mc 's in the industry what tru hip hop consist of .
 Ghost did it again . Another banger . Without question , the best solo artist from the Wu . Ghost continues to provide pure hip-hop through it 's full scope of rhythm . My only dissapointment is the absence of a Theodore Unit posse track . Lord Superb is truly missed on this album . My favorite cut is track 11 -LRB- Last Night skit -RRB- . This is a pure old school hip-hop joint , which epitomizes Ghost 's flavor for the back-in-the-days flavor that he allways brings on his albums . For those who do n't know , this was a hot break beat back in the days when hip-hop was confined to the N.Y. underground . I 'm talking 1981 . -LRB- Ya , I 'm an old head hip-hop dude -RRB- . Ghost lets this and the other old school tracks play-out following his lyrical bars to allow the essence of the music to fully shine . Bottom line , this cat knows music .
 once again ghost just can not be stopped ! the kid continues to give me hope for the wu-tang . always love the wu and especially ghostface . he puts so much into his lyrics and he has so much energy he reminds me why i love hip hop . this is way different from anything thats out there . do n't let the commercial song tush sway you from buying this album . its not supreme clientele or ironman but its up there to be mentioned with both albums . one dissapointment i had about this album was some cuts i really was lookin for but was n't on the album were gorilla hood and tonys money . luckily i downloaded those songs before the album came out . support real hip hop and buy this album ! peace .
 This is a great cd . Ghost and Kanye West are here to save hip-hop and theyre doin a damn goog job of it . My favorite song is `` Biscuits '' . Minus the skit , which are the only things i dont like about the cd , the whole album is amazing . You can almost feel his lyrics on every song
 this has got to be ghost 's best cd.the best song on it is `` holla '' . the whole thing has awesome production , and his talents are very well-displayed throughout the album.damb this guy 's a real tripper !!!
 what can i say ? the legendary Ghost Deini has done it again . not only is he holding down the Wu after some dissapointing/mediocre solo joints from the other members , he 's bringing back some creativity and soul to hip hop . everybody says Kanye West is here to save hip hop , and as much as i love and respect Mr. West 's music , i think that job has been taken over by a one Tony Starks . you can skip `` Bathtub -LRB- skit -RRB- '' and `` Tush '' 'cause they really do n't do much to add to the album -LRB- i think `` Ghostface '' would 've been a better first single -RRB- . but other than that this album is worth the money you 'll pay for it plus some more . my early pick for album of the year -LRB- Nas and Eminem betta come with something hot if they wan na top it -RRB- .
 * album is pretty solid , but that 's to be expected from the iron man . * the 60s-70s-80s sounding scheme is very nice , really fits to ghost 's flow and style * skits are on point * i share the sentiments of another reviewer
 Starks does it again . Another gritty album that is not typical of your run of the mill rapppers today . Ghost is the nostolgia king , bringing you back with his 80 's NY crack era tales , and genuine hood slang that most ai n't up on . The only guest rappers -LRB- except that Missy joint that 's for the radio , which is a little off , but blows anything currently getting radio play out the boc -RRB- on the joint are by the LOX , the only cats out there worth having on a track for a guest spot . This album is what God intended rap music to sound like .
 wow he really is back with a bangin ' album this is true hip hop with good beats and ghosts timeless flow over it . go cop it now !
 This is one great CD ! This will bless you beyond your dreams
 Selections from Korngold 's film symphony ANOTHER DAWN are themost complete of all existing modern recordings . They are end-to-end riveting due to meticulously-performed variations . Plus theyare especially dynamic and richly instrumented . As for the twocues from ESCAPE ME NEVER , they are excellent overall ; alsodynamic and richly instrumented ; but periodically marred by athundering herd of kettle drum -LRB- s -RRB- . Pick up a copy of thisoutstanding CD -LRB- the drums are easily ignored -RRB- .
 I would have to agree with the other review in that this nearly 45 minute performance is flawless for the genre . No audience noises or any indication that it 's live ... which ranks it up there with any studio output from Main . Beautiful sounds that do more than drone , they lift you . The recording has many layers of guitar sounds that are typical of Main 's output of treated guitar for gentle outer space travel . Excellent recording quality too . If you 're thinking about getting this one , do n't wait as they are out of print and supply is very low !
 This is the strangest live performance I 've ever listened to . Recorded at the `` 3eme Festival Musiques Ultimes '' in Nevers , France , the six tracks form a continuous album length without breaks . However , there are no audience noises or announcements , and the sound quality is just as good as on Main 's studio recordings . Amazingly , these strange circumstances led to one of Main 's most consistent and worthwhile albums . Several tracks contain elements which have already appeared on previous Main releases , but without trying to duplicate them . The hoarse and flanged guitar riff of `` Outer corona '' is the highpoint of this live set . For me , this track is the embodiment of ambient guitar-rock . Other tracks provide occasional bass lines , subdued melodies , and sudden cuts between activity and silent soundscapes . Overall , this album is more accessible and enjoyable than the otherworldly `` Firmament '' series and represents something of a `` Best Of Main '' collection . I recommend `` Deli '' as first purchase for everyone who is interested in this groundbreaking band . This flawless , exciting , and strangely beautiful performance will set your mind free .
 I bought this boxset for my son for Christmas and he absolutely loves it !! We had alot of these episodes on vhs and it 's so nice to now have them on dvd . I was alittle dissapointed in the discription given because it did n't say what episodeswere included so I decided to write one of my own . All the episode in this set arethe original episodes and not new new cgi episodes . Each disc isindivisually wrapped . It includes 10 dvds and they all have fun extras ! There are acouple of episodes that are doubles but my son enjoys watching them over andover again so I did n't see this as a bad thing . Below is a list of the discs includedand the episodes on each disc . If your child is a Thomas and Friends fan likemine then this is a great box set and I would recommend it for everyone !! Disc Name
 Nevertheless my Son do n't speak English -LRB- yet -RRB- , he loves to watch his Thomas & Friends DVDs , of course he has his favorites , like Thomas on site with friends -LRB- the one he watch the most -RRB- and Thomas and his trusties Friends ; this collection fulfill our expectations and gives our Son hours of fun ... but we let him watch 30 to 45 minutes a day , the rest of the afternoon he play away of the TV screen , and guess with what ... yup , his Thomas and friends Take along toys within others .
 Another great one from ' 78 . Another great release from the Abyssinians . Their music is very spiritual . It just makes you feel good . Good melodies and deep lyrics . If you liked Satta Massagana then you will not be disappointed with this one .
 Of all the albums we bought in the 70s this is one of my favorites ! When I get in the mood for reggae I usually start here with ` Let my days be long ' -LRB- or ` Revolution ' on Marley 's ` Natty Dread ' -RRB- . It is ` religious ' , as others have mentioned , but that should n't be a problem if you appreciate different styles -LRB- ? -RRB- of reggae . Did I forget to mention ` Super Ape ' or Augustus Pablo ? Man .
 they want it so I buy it wrap it and see smiles when they open it makes everyone happy except grandma
 1 of 3 different soundtracks , this installment of the Trigun soundtracks is great . It flows with the series as it should and has some really good songs . A deffinate buy for any Trigun lover .
 I love it , and I share it with anyone who listens to music , that means everyone . It should be like owning Pink Floyd 's Dark Side , everyone should have at least one copy .
 I am not huge on anime but when i first saw this on Cartoon Network late one night i could n't help but want to finish out the rest of the episode . It was awesome . What i found even more amazing was how well-rounded the characters were . What REALLY caught me though was the music , particularly one that they tend to play at the end when they show clips for the next episode . It was such a beautiful guitar peice and i said WOW.Then of course i heard the closing theme when the credits run and thought i had to have it . It 's so rockin and moody , that it puts you in the Trigun ` zone ' . The lovely guitar peice is Fool 's Paradise and the end theme Kaze Wa Mirai Ni Fuku . Then there are other beautiful ones like Not An Angel that just really add to how 3 dimentional the soundtrack is and how 3 dimentional it made the cartoon , instead of jamming it with just hard rock or techno/trance music from beginning to end , which would have been typical.A great buy you wo n't regret it !
 There is no mistaking that this is Trigun . You can just see Vash and the gang of goodies and baddies in action . Definitely has some very catchy tunes . It also has some very odd pieces that just seems to fill in air space . The last number is strangely monotonous without any melody to it , which kind of disapponts . You 'd expect it to be something memorable rather than an odd droning noise that seemed to go on far too long . But , it 's worth it for the good titles , which far outnumber the non-good ones .
 I do n't own this CD , but I have seen almost the entirety of the series , and have most of the MP3s for these songs . Each and every song is wonderful , and crafted to fit the shifting mood of the series , from the upbeat blue funk to the almost frightening knives . I plan to purchase it soon .
 This is a top quality soundtrack , the songs themselves range in genre , but expect a lot of guitar and techno intermixed . In my opinion , this soundtrack is a great addition to the videos -LRB- which I recommend getting -RRB- ...
 The opening Theme is awsome !! It set the stage for the rest of the show . The rest of the music in the show is much of the same in that it supports the Dialog that is currently happening.I highly recomend it !!!
 I really enjoy the trigun series , and i am thinking of buying the soundtrack . I am curious though , i really want the tune that shows up in nearly every episode . The calm tune that sounds like a flute . I do n't know its title or anything , but if you know what I am talking about , could you give me some info on it . thanks . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 `` Trigun '' is overall one of the best anime series of the past five years , and the soundtrack is just the icing on the cake . ` The First Donuts ' is a testament to the series ' many moods . You 'll find mostly western-style tunes that have an almost futuristic sound to them ; the laid-back guitar riffs set an almost peaceful state of mind , then suddenly leap into action , then calm down again . -LRB- Just like the series itself ! -RRB- The soundtrack is memorable enough that I could visualize many of the scenes from certain episodes as the songs played through . The pulse-pounding -LRB- but short -RRB- opening theme -LRB- `` H.T '' -RRB- comes about halfway through the CD , right after the all-too-fitting-for-the-show `` cyber-country '' closing theme -LRB- `` The Wind Blows Toward the Future '' -RRB- . Both are placed just right , giving you the chance to experience the many flavors this album has to offer before and after the themes . There 's also a beautiful vocal from Rem 's voice actress -LRB- `` Sound Life '' -RRB- , which is from the end of the moving `` Diablo '' episode . This is a very cool and very different album , and if you love the series , you 'll definitely dig it .
 Wow ! It 's a rare occasion when I can say that I loved every single track on a CD , but I can indeed say that about this CD ! Covering the entire gamut of musical styles , from techno to jazz to rock , Tsuneo Imahori does it all . From the brilliant slide guitar in `` Never Could Have Been Worse '' , to the exhilerating hard-rockish theme , `` HT '' , Tsuneo Imahori is a master guitarist . Pick up this CD now if you love great music of any kind ! You 're sure to find something you 'll like on this diverse CD !
 A day has not gone by that I have not listened to this CD at least twice since I got it over a month ago . Go ahead and call me crazy if you want , but I love this music.I 'm horrible with persuasive words , so I 'll leave the job of trying to convince you to buy this CD to the other reviewers who love it as much as I do . I just wanted to put in my five stars . That 's all .
 If you 've seen the show , you know the music is used very effectively for mood and tone . On it 's own , however , I found it had to grow on me . The first two tracks were kind of harsh at first , but I 've definitely found them more appealing as I play it over again ... and the thematic reminders of Vash and his poignant -LSB- and sometimes hilarious -RSB- struggle for ` love and peace ' are always welcome . Do n't let the big guns everywhere fool you , this show is actually about choosing NOT to kill and the painful choices that forces one into when the world is a violent , hostile place . The soundtrack music touches on all the extremes of these aspects - the violent and the peaceful and the striving in between . I 'm glad I bought mine -LRB- but I did get it used , so the price was MUCH less ... -RRB- , I consider it a welcome addition to my anime music collection.It 's just too bad you do n't get to look for Kuronekosama ...
 I fell in love with TRIGUN the first time I watched it , and was absolutely estatic to get this CD . Tsuneo Imahori and the Seatbelts really have some amazing skill with the guitar , and it shows . It 's not just the guitar , either -LRB- although the sheer amount of emotion and energy conveyed is impressive -RRB- , as trumpets , saxaphones , amazing precussion and some very nicely done synths and cello parts really round it out . There 's an amazing amount of variety and it 's all extremely well done , and there is n't a single track that I just do n't like . This CD has some of the best songs from the series , and I reccomend it for any fan 's collection . You 'll be moved to tears listening to some of your favorite songs , and similarily find yourself ripping on your air-guitar -LRB- even if you do n't know how to play -RRB- . The vocals are beautifully done and I just adore this CD . I 've had it for years now , and it still regularly rotates through my cd player . It 's just that good . It 's a bit pricy , being an import , but you really should consider it if you have the money to spend .
 Trigun is an anime known for its mix of comedy and action , and even the soundtrack is delightfully chaotic.This soundtrack may not be for more casual fans of the show , but for hardcore fans -LRB- like me -RRB- , each track brings back memories of Vash and the gang . The First Donuts includes the theme songs for several characters including Rem -LRB- Sound Life -RRB- and Legato -LRB- Perfect Night , which is , admittedly , one of my least favorite tracks . It 's very atonal and droning -RRB- . It 's always a pleasure to find an anime soundtrack that you want to listen to long after you 've finished with the show , and Tsuneo Imahori 's gorgeous compositions will bring you back to your favorite scenes with each note .
 This CD should be a great pickup for any fans of the series . One of the things that makes Trigun stand out as an anime series is the great musical accompaniment . Almost all my favorites are here , from the heavy metal opening theme to the peaceful guitar solo during the preview of the next episode . In fact , my only real gripe is the missing beginning of my favorite track . It is the saxophone solo that is played by midvalley the horn freak during the bar scene in `` demons eye '' . That particular track is severed in half , with only the final solo making an appearance on the album . However the rest of the CD holds its own , and offers a great variety of music , most of which I find enjoyable .
 Well I have had this for about three weeks , and I absolutely love it ! I love the guitar in it . Tsuneo Imahori is an excellent musician ... I actually have the ending theme 's words memorized now ! And I do n't even speak Japanese ! Anyone who loves the series , will love this soundtrack , it 's a must have ...
 Although the show is fantastic , you do n't need to see Yasuhiro Naito 's new classic -LRB- to steal from TNT -RRB- to appreciate Imahori 's work . His prescence is clearly noted as a guitarist and , more importantly , as a composer . Imahori works on mulitple plains in this album , going from the smoothness of `` Sound Life '' to the bounciness of `` Philosophy In a Tea Cup '' and `` Cynical Pink '' as well as harnassing chaos in `` Perfect Night '' -LRB- which is redone well in the imported CD , `` Trigun
 Trigun - The first donuts , the soundtrack for the anime Trigun , is a great soundtrack . The music is excellent , and well written . Instead of just being your average silly little ditty to go along with an anime , it 's got some seriously deep music that go with the western theme . I especially liked `` Sound Life '' , the song that `` Rem -LRB- lem -RRB- '' sang to Vash .
 Luke . Whatmore can i say , you should already know . Holla
 This CD has good songs . I personally like them .
 Loved the song `` Teach me to wait '' , sung as duet with a beat that makes you want to start singing along . The other songs are also very enjoyable with a classic gospel style that was refreshing but not `` old timey '' enough to feel dated . I especially enjoyed his versions of `` Praise the Lord '' and `` This Day '' . I bought this album to get the song `` Teach me to Wait '' which I had heard on a Christian radio called Songtime but I was also very satisfied with the album as a whole .
 Pulled from live recordings off of Gong 's 2001 tour of the UK , Germany , Norway , Denmark , Itlay and France . Viva la Gong ! Nicely assembled and edited by none other than the Gongship space whisper mistress , Gilli Smyth and I must say she did a fine job . Better than the ` Live 2 Infinity ' disc . Tracks I thought made this CD a true keeper were `` Wise Man '' , `` Doudouk Bloomdido '' , the mystical `` Do You Believe In Magick ? '' , `` Ca n't Kill Me Sax '' , the classic Gong piece `` Invisible Temple '' and the awesome closer `` Selene '' . Much of the old gang is here , like Daevid Allen , Mike Howlett , Gilli Smyth -LCB- of course -RCB- , Didier Malherbe on doudouk , Graham Clark - violin , Theo Travis - flute & sax and Chris Taylor on drums . Most of the line-up when I saw them a year earlier . Took me a while to land down a copy at an affordable price . A worthy cosmic rock release , as well as a definite should-have .
 I bought this album on vinyl and what a difference it makes ! The album is more of the great stuff that hole puts out and what we all listen to them for pounding guitars and vocals that make you want to scratch your fingers on a chalkboard ! another great one from courtney and eric !
 It really is beautiful . In my opinion , the acoustic version of Doll Parts is much better than the one on Live Through This . Every song is just beautiful .
 And this is what I want ! Forget Kat B'jelleand , Kathleen Hanna , Donita Sparks and other riot grrls , Courtney is the one for you ! And no this is no cheap infommercial . Sometimes the most popular ... are the best . I give credit to the other riot grrls of the early 90s , but clearly Courtney Love is above the pack . And she proves it with this amazing EP . Filled with old demos and some live stuff . They take on two of their old classics and release an amazing soft then hard tune , `` Drown Soda '' , which is basically one of the best Hole songs to date .
 I hate to admitt it , but I was kind of disappointed with this CD . I liked ` Over The Edge ' a lot and ` Drown Soda ' . I also liked this CD 's version of ` Doll Parts ' . On the other hand , I was n't really entertained with the rest .
 Ask for all that you need . . This is one of the most inspiring piecEs . Songs so red and raw . after Kurt Cobain committed suicide this was releAsed . . I keep thinking of Violet.What a song . . Courtney 's thE greatest . .
 I really liked this CD , it is courtney and hole at their best early in their career .
 Great Ep , for advent or old Hole days lovers ! -LRB- by old hole days I mean before 1994 . -RRB- I picked this Ep up at a used music store for about $ 10.00 Cdn . Good buy , it includes rare tracks from their show at the Whiskey -LRB- feb. 11.1992 -RRB- , also has rare john peel session tracks from BBC radio -LRB- nov. 1992 -RRB- . I 'll go through the tracks one by one , 1 . Over the Edge - a cover of Greg Sage 's song , the only produced song on the EP , is a pretty good song overall , grungy but very good . 2 . Pale Blue Eyes - a cover of the Velvet Undergrond 's pale blue eyes . It 's a live song so you expect that it is loud and mixed together . 3 . Drown Soda - Excellent song ! this time not a cover written by hole it 's a good relic for hole fans . It also sounds good live -LRB- MTV Unplugged -RRB- 4 . Doll Patrs - A shorter grungy version of the live through this version , excellent song as well . 5 . Violet - also a grungy version of the live through this verison , personally I like it better ! 6 . A mixed up horrible song , the singing drones and the instiment are mixed in together . The worst track by far . Only a short 18 minutes but somehow it seems longer .
 Hole , along with the Velvet Underground are my two favorite bands . So when I heard that Hole was covering a V.U. song -LRB- Pale Blue Eyes -RRB- it was like a dream come true . Actually , the whole cd is good . I like Over the Edge and Drown Soda , too . The only bad thing about this cd is that on some songs the sound quality could have been better -LRB- Or maybe this is because they are live recordings -RRB- and the other thing is the album cover . The cover was probably Courtney 's idea of a joke , but it still scared me when I first saw it . But other than that , the music is good . Pale Blue Eyes alone is worth the price of the cd , but you also get five other great songs , too . Any fan of Hole should buy this .
 Hole is one of the best bands that there is . Courtney love really knows how to perform .
 This is a great EP by Hole ! They are a great band and this is what you expect from them . The best ones on there are
 I 'm a Hole fan , I admit it . I 'm going to assume that if you 're reading this , you 're either a burgeoning Hole fan -LRB- otherwise you 'd already own it -RRB- or buying for someone who has some of their albums but not the full discography.That said , about half of the tracks on this CD are songs that even I - as a Hole devotee - could live without ever hearing again . HOWEVER , the other half rock out , and really should have made it onto an album . `` Over the Edge '' , `` Forming/Hot Chocolate Boy '' and `` Pale Blue Eyes '' are all fantastic and not to be missed . They also constitute an interesting bridge of musical progression between Hole 's first and and second albums
 I love this CD . All the songs on it are hard-hitting and maintain that brassy throat-grabbing Hole sound . As out there as Love 's lyrics can be there remains something very relatable about them , and that 's captured well on this release .
 Hole was an amazing band , fronted by the notorious Courtney Love . Love her , or hate her you have to admit she is a great writer and preformer . Ask For It -LSB- EP -RSB- was released in this midst of Kurt Cobain 's death .1 -RRB- Over The Edge - A cover song , originally performed by the Wipers . I believe it was recorded while she was pregnant with Francis , although I 'm not certain .2 -RRB- Pale Blue Eyes - Another cover song , except this one is originally by Lou Reed . Preformed live , and very emotional . The crowds whisles and some conversation can be heard , but overall a stand out .3 -RRB- Drown Soda - The first non-cover track of the album . It 's a classic Hole song , a live version cdan be found on the `` My Body , The Hand Gernade '' album .4 -RRB- Doll Parts - A classic Hole , tragic yet album magic . This version is a Peel Session I believe , I enjoy it more then the ` Live Through This ' recording .5 -RRB- Violet - One , if not the best , Hole single . Amazing song , another Peel Session .6 -RRB- Forming/Hot Chocolate Boy - This is a combination of two cover songs . Forming , which is originally by Germs , and Hot Chocolate Boy , which is originally by Beat Happening . This is a great closign tracks , it has it 's fair share of screaming , which is a reminder of the ` Pretty On The Inside ' era.All in all this is an amazing Hole EP that is great for hardcore fans , and is a great way for new fans to get into Hole .
 After aquiring as many Hole records as I could since they are my personal favorite band , I stumbled upon this EP , Ask For It . I think its a really great EP , and some of the songs are better than their originals -LRB- `` Doll Parts '' -RRB- . Here 's the songs broken down . -LRB- Out of 10 -RRB- 1 -RRB- Over the Edge-10 . - A cover song from the Wipers , I believe . Great opening riff , really punky . Very cool .2 -RRB- Pale Blue Eyes-8 A live cover . Courtney sings it a little drunkenly , but still a pretty cool song .3 -RRB- Drown Soda-10 An EXCELLENT Hole song , very primal . I ca n't decide whether I live this studio version better than the live one on `` My Body the Hand Grenade '' . Awesome4 -RRB- Doll Parts-10 + The BEST song on the EP . I like this version of `` Doll Parts '' , much better than the original . Very raw and stripped down .5 -RRB- Violet - 9 - I also like this version better than the one on `` Live Through This '' because the screaming is more raw . The drumming 's screwed up in one part , but still very good .6 -RRB- Forming/Hot Chocolate Boy-8 - An okay track . It 's an extremely short track , like only a minute long or something , but pretty good overall.I recommend this EP for Hole fans . This is more similiar to `` Live Through This '' than `` Celebrity Skin '' . Go buy it !!
 I loved `` Live through this '' so I when I saw this cd in the store I couldnt resist . On first listen , I was pretty startled . The music is very intense , very raw and for the most part pretty sloppy . So fans of `` Celebrity Skin '' be warned ... but then again , I kind of liked the later poppier hole , and I also appreciate this cd , so I would say if you are a fan of hole , just give it a shot ... Half of the songs on this cds are covers . . the first song `` Over the edge '' is really great , pretty tight and fast and a good song overall . Next is the live velvet underground cover `` pale blue eyes '' ... this song is pretty grating on the ears but also cool because its a live track from ' 92 . `` Drown soda '' is from the earlier days and it shows ... very long and drawn out , sometimes i love it , sometimes its just too much on the ears . `` Doll parts '' and `` Violet '' are great ! I would recomend buying the cd just for these two songs , as you can hear what they sounded like in their first raw incarnations ... Courtneys lyrical skills really show through ... the last track `` Forming/hot chocolate boy '' is another cover and very messed up . . distortion is to the max and courtney singing -LRB- screaming -RRB- is out of key ... and yet , I find myself listening to this song a lot.SO I would recomend this cd to hole fans , but not to people with sensitive ears -LRB- if your idea of rock is avril lavigne or lillix , stay clear ! -RRB- The music on this cd is pretty sloppy and hole would go on to display greater abilities ... but for the raw emotion , this cd is dynamite . And I just wanto clear up something
 Ask for it is a good collection of rare songs by Hole . It 's interesting the old versions of violet and doll parts . The cover of the velvet underground 's pale blue eyes is excellent .
 ok so # 1 madonna fan . first of all . u got the lyrics to violet wrong . that bothered me . dont put lyrics up unless u no them . second of all . its somewaht contradictory to like madonna and courtney . if u liked courtney ud no that she hates madonna .
 I love this recording . It 's a lot like Pretty On the Inside or Live Through This , so do n't think it 's gon na be like that Celebrity Skin crap . If this were longer and had tracks like Baby doll or Burn Black it 'd be better than Live Through This . This represents Hole truefully , even better than POTI does . It has decent artwork . I 'm gon na give a review for each song : Over the Edge - I own this same version on a specialty bootleg , so no surprise , it 's a great cover . Played nicely & has great lyrics . Great riffs . Pale Blue Eyes - I own this song , too , on a specialty bootleg , It 's live and is from a great artist , Lou Reed , very nice live version , although not like original . Drown Soda - This is a totally awesome song w / nice lyrics . Deserved better attention than it got . -LRB- Buying this cd is worth this song alone -RRB- . Greatest song on cd , one of Hole 's best , one of the best songs ever . Dollparts - an older different version . Almost as good as the one on LTT , so an awesome -LRB- one of best Hole songs -RRB- song that everyone knows . Acoustic . Violet - Not as much screaming as original , which is strange cuz ' it 's an old version . A bit different than that of Ltt , but it 's still very good . Forming/Hot Chocolate Boy - Not only are they both covers w / good names , they are combined into one song . The forming part is better . This song has interesting lyrics . A part of it seems to remind one of New Wave , but it 's a raw rock song like the rest . It has a great beginning and end.Only complaint
 You MUST buy this EP for three reasons 1 -RRB- The gorgeous record cover 2 -RRB- The first recorded rendition of Drown Soda which then reappears in a lot of different ways 3 -RRB- The song `` pale blue eyes '' - which was once a nice relatively quiet ballad - and listen to Courtney and the rest of Hole thrash the living daylights out of it . You listen to it and remember not so long before she sang this song which is obviously dedicated Kurt , her husband , the father of her child , her love of her life , her soulmate shot himself in the head . And to make it all that much worse his body was found a day before her second album , the first big label debut `` Live Through This '' was released . Just listen to it . You will suddenly remember all the rubbish about her killing him , and all the horrible things that was said . And all that absolute anguish is mixed into her voice , her soul at that very moment . And you ca n't believe she is performing . With the added madness of the band , Kirsten , Eric 's lover and base player of the band ODs on Heroin less than a month later . There you have it . Patty bashing away at her anger , and Eric ramming the strings together as everything has fallen apart . This is the Courtney as she was in 1994 . Druged up , Falling apart . Before the Vanity Fair Cover , the Big Hollywood studios makeover . Her own healing . This was CL at her rawest moment , her most down . And although you do n't hope she will ever go down that again . Just to have it , just to listen to it . You will be just so glad you have a recording of it .
 This cd is wonderful ... OVER THE EDGE is an awesome cover song , and of course its better then the original , PALE BLUE EYES is a fun punk rock live version song and it is beautiful ... but for some reason when its loud it just burns your ears , i think because it was a live recording so beware , DOLL PARTS whatever version is a more raw and faster version then the first and can make you cry ... DROWN SODA is the best song on the cd ... she makes you feel her pain . . without a doubt . . VIOLET the older version is kinda muffled but it is alot more raw and wrenching ... its good too ... then FORMING/HOT CHOCOLOTTE BOY is really punky and poppy at the same time ... great !! GET THE ALBUM ... IT WILL MAKE YOU LOOK AT THEIR OLD AND NEW WORK DIFFERENTLY .
 Smoking-gun proof that , contrary to the sexist canard , Courtney Love is NOT a talentless , Macbethian rhymes-with-witch who piggybacked on St. Kurt 's fame . Best songs are the blusey `` Drown Soda '' and a version of `` Doll Parts '' that bears a chilling resemblence to NEBRASKA by Bruce Springsteen . The remarkable thing is that all these occured before LIVE THROUGH THIS !!!
 Although this EP was released in 1995 , all the songs were recorded eariler with the original Hole lineup . It shows a transformation of a band just on the edge of breaking into the mainstream . The first track ` Over the Edge ' -LRB- originally done by The Wipers -RRB- is the best song the EP . It 's poppy and punky at the same time . Next is a live cover of Velvet Underground 's ` Pale Blue Eyes ' . Courtney 's voice sounds ragged and the sound quality is n't the best . Then we get an early version of ` Drown Soda ' which is mediocre compared to the live version on ` My Body , the Hand Grenade ' . Early versions of ` Doll Parts ' and ` Violet ' date back from 1991 , proving there is no way Kurt could have wrote those songs . Lastly ` Forming/Hot Chocolate Boy ' is two covers rolled into one
 Right from the start , the album sucks you in and no matter how you try and fight it , you ca n't get out.I bought this Hole album about4 or so years ago , and it 's a regular in my CD player.Everytime I hear `` Over the Edge '' , undoubtedly my fave track on the record , it 's like I 'm hearing it for the first time.You know , when you get that little thrill when you hear the first power chords.it may be a remake of a Wipers song , written by Greg Sage , but Hole makes it their own.Another great cover track is `` Forming/Hot Chocolate Boy '' , which sounds so hyper and crazed that by the time the just-over-one-minute track ends , you find yourself wishing to a higher power that it indeed was much longer.The demo version of `` Violet , `` recorded in 1991 , is very different from the version that appeared on `` Live Through This '' , with more of a stripped down,slower-tempo feel and is terrific.The acoustic demo `` Doll Parts '' isnt as strong as the LTT version , but it still takes the cake.The other two tracks , an early version of `` Drown Soda '' and a cover of `` Pale Blue Eyes `` arent too memorable for me , although `` Pale Blue Eyes '' is played live at the Whiskey , and is very raw and personal.I recommend this CD , its absolutely great.The Photo inside the booklet is of an early publicity shot of Hole , with Courtney , Eric , Jill Emery , and Caroline Rue-the original Hole lineup.Also , the back cover photo of the band shows Courtney looking positively gorgeous , very blank and spacy looking . It was before she started looking real `` grunge '' and just looked very cool punk rock.buy it !
 I ca n't give this CD five stars because it 's not an actual album -LRB- like thier three studio masterpieces -RRB- , but four stars is pretty good . It 's a handful of rough takes , bar performances , and radio sessions . The sound quality is B - , which is still good , and each song is great . You can feel Miss Love breathing down your neck . Add to that the fact that you ca n't get them anywhere else -LRB- except for Over The Edge , available on a Greg Sage/Wipers tribute album -RRB- . Great CD .
 There is only one way to stuff so much energy , emotion , love , hate , feeling , pain , and just pure rock in one CD , that is through Courtney Love . There are moments when she screams like she is filled with anger , or times like she is about to cry , and times when every last bit of her energy is being thwarted at you full blast . There is nothing better than when an artist gives you everything in her soul when she preforms and Courtney sure does it on `` Ask for It '' . If you do n't have it , do n't ask for it , go the hell out and get it .
 I think that this c.d is one of Hole 's greatest . I can listen to Pale Blue Eyes over and over . I can actually listen to all of the songs over and over . Ask for It is the first Hole c.d. that I bought , and now I have all of them . What does that tell you about first impressions ?
 This is another must have . Half great covers , one perviously unreleased track , and different versions of ` Violet ' , and ` Doll Parts ' . Drown Soda , the pre-unreleased track is amazing . Eric 's slide guitar work in this song is amazing . It 's deffinatly one of the most beautiful Hole songs . The covers are great as usual . For under 10 bucks , why not ?? It 's worth every penny .
 Unless I miss my guess , I believe this is the full-length unedited performance of the same concert that the poor-sounding ` Bring Me The Head Of Yuri Gagarin ' -LRB- see my review -RRB- was put out as several years back . However , this sixteen track archive live CD also has improved sound , I noticed . Not flawless , but very acceptable . In fact , I thought several of the tunes here managed to sound a bit differently played than the way they appear on ` Space Ritual ' . That alone would lure most Hawkfans to hunt down this title . Rather you be a completist , a casual follower or an absolute die-hard collector . Really had a good time hearing performed by the classic line-up of Brock , Turner , Lemmy , Calvert , Dettmar , Dikmik and drummer Simon King those space rock gems like `` Born To Go '' , the powerful `` Urban Guerilla '' -LRB- possibly the best track here -RRB- , the fantastic tripping `` Space Is Deep '' , `` Orgone Accumulator '' , `` Brainstorm '' , `` Master Of The Universe '' and `` Silver Machine '' -LRB- Lemmy 's vocals are great ! -RRB- . Of course , who could forget Hawkwind 's over-the-top recitals , like `` In The Egg '' , `` Wage War '' -LRB- superb lyrics -RRB- , `` Black Corridor '' and `` Welcome To The Future '' ? Comes with a 12-page CD booklet packed w / informative liner notes . A must-have .
 While some may question the sound quality on this release , the performance is amazing . As a huge fan of the Lemmy era of Hawkwind , I was overjoyed to find this concert had been released from a superior source tape , as this era is sorely underrepresented in terms of quality live releases . The band apparently performed a few pieces at this show that were never done before or after.Having listened to numerous bootleg recordings in the past , I am not too appalled by the sound found on this particular recording . It certainly is far better than what was found on the dreadful `` Bring me the Head of Yuri Gagarin '' release as well as some other semi-official Hawkwind releases.In summary , if you are a fan of pre-1976 Hawkwind and are not an absolutist audiophile , this concert is essential listening along with Space Ritual , Greasy Truckers Party , The 1999 Party , and the BBC show from 1972 .
 im not a good critic or anything . i love to listen to all types of music , and im not normally a reggae fan , but i must say this album is darn good . great dance music . gets you moving . i think this album could appeal to a good variety of audiences . reggae lovers or not . like the music and positive message in the song `` bettah world '' , and love the upbeat `` green harvest '' . total koolness !
 Getting High is Natural Vibration 's third major title and in my opinion , their best cd yet . It includes the songs `` Green Harvest '' , featured in Fox 's special `` Reggae Nation '' , as well as `` Come Around '' , featured on the 2002 annual `` Reggae On The River '' cd .
 What can I say-it 's Sean Paul . I bought the cd for my BF . Different version than the radio and only two songs on the cd . But he seems to like it . Did arrive quickly .
 I really like this song and I have n't had a chance to buy it yet but I plan on buying this with the other song `` It 's So Fine '' by Sean Paul . I got the `` It 's So Fine '' album and I have been trying to collect all of his past albums so I can listen to them when I 'm driving in my car . Great listen .
 Peter Pan Speedrock of Holland plays a very exciting mix of rock 'n roll , rockabilly , punk , metal with some influences of Mot&ouml;rhead , Ramones and Zeke . But they have definitely their one style ! This is their fourth album and the first released as Peter Pan Speedrock . The first three are released just as Peter Pan . Most of the songs are played fast and all the songs are played very tight , which they also can manage well live.The band has humour , the song are catchy -LRB- Resurrection , Come On You -RRB- and not always that simple as you except from this kind of bands -LRB- Auf Der Axe , Mot&ouml;rblock -RRB- . The artwork is great and a must for the beerdinking rockfan !! The sound quality is also perfect.Highly recommended.Check also out
 I first heard this album in 1971 , I think . I have owned it on vinyl ever since , even though the record was so warped that it was completely unplayable , I just could not part with it . I bought it again recently on CD and rediscovered my delight with it all over again.The album has lost none of its originality or nuttiness and covers a range of musical styles and genres ; a delightful 1920 's or 1930 's ditty in `` Hello Mabel '' , electric blues - `` Can Blue Men Sing the Whites '' are just 2 examples . The delightfully mad `` My Pink Half of the Drainpipe '' and the very brief `` Kama Sutra '' show a sense of the ridiculous not seen since this band influenced the early Monty Python.The cover of `` Blue Suede Shoes '' shows an originality as do those of `` Bang Bang '' and `` Alley Oop '' . This has always been one of my favourites . If you like something unusual and do n't mind having to pay attention to the lyrics to get all the zaniness , this album is well worth a listen .
 This was the second album by thr Bonzo Dog Band . It is very weird , very funny and very British . If you like the musical side of Monty Python , you will probably enjoy it . The CD adds five rare bonus tracks , which are all quite good .
 `` We are normal and we want our freedom ! '' That 's the chorus of the first song on this LP , a line probably borrowed from the Inmates of the Asylum of Charenton , in the Avant-Garde play Marat/Sade , and it goes without saying that this CD is anything * but * normal . Part British Music Hall , part Psychedlic Blues , part 20 's cover band , and 100 % British Eccentric , the Bonzos were riding high in popularity in Great Britain in 1968 , partly due to their weekly appearances on the BBC 's tea-time show `` Do Not Adjust Your Set . '' While is has a couple of sleepers , notably Neil Innes `` Postcard '' , it rips Britain 's blue-eyed blues asking the immortal question `` Can Blue Men Sing The Whites '' , forsees British Occult-Heavy Metal with `` 11 Mustachioed Daughters '' and celebrated British ecletic eccentricism on `` My Pink Half of the Drainpipe . `` Overall , a good effort from the Bonzo Dog Band . Perhaps not their best album , but certainly not their worst .
 Man , i love this oddball psychedelic British band from the sixties . They are like Python-esqe in terms of humor in music yet also make really catchy music which cover various different styles in a well done manner.Insane , silly and altogether well put together . You can see these guys probably inspired a band like They Might Be Giants in terms of writing catchy music about oddball items .
 First time I heard these Bonzongs , decades ago , it was just what I was looking for and totally out of left field . They still make me smile today as I sing/belch along , leading to an eternal love of their music . This 2nd venture was the equal of Sgt. Pepper in my musical experience . Just looking at the cover alone was enough to make you realize this was `` it . '' With or without the Doo Dah , they 're supersonic guys .
 I have this album on CD and vinyl . It 's a must-have for your Bonzo Dog Band/Neil Innes collection . All the CDs I have bought from Amazon have been in near pristine condition , if you choose the one with a good description of its condition . Those are Neil Innes ' mother 's Irish wolfhounds on the album cover . The American version of this album is `` I 'm the Urban Spaceman . ''
 If you love Kenny ... and we all do ... you will love this hard to find selection of his very best songs ! Not only does it have favorites like Lucille and Gambler , it has the often hard to find `` Long-arm of the Law . '' Enjoy !
 You do n't have to be familiar with the TV series to love the music contained on this CD . From electronic effects to solo piano to orchestral to jazzy , it 's all GREAT !
 After owning and enjoying this CD for over a year I decided to add it to my iTunes folder . BIG MISTAKE . Somehow someway the audio files prevented me from connecting to the iTunes store that serves Las Cruces , NM . Only by entirely removing the audio files was I able to again connect to the iTunes store .
 i know the music is good , for one thing , i do n't have this yet ... there is one question that needs to be answered for me to buy this thing . i play te piano , and in this anime i heard a great song that is -LRB- i belive -RRB- in c minor . the question is , is this song on the cd , otherwise i 'm to look for it in normal music stores . and the only reason this matters is because i 'm broke , and ca n't spend the money unless i have that excuss .
 Let me just say that I am not much of anime fan , but `` The Big O '' has smitten me . Its dystopian perfection and convoluted genius just makes it so fascinating to watch and try to figure out . With that being said , the music of `` The Big O '' is one of the series high points . The music is a paradigm of the whole feel and look of the show . Toshihiko Sahashi has defintely hit the mark with this sound score . `` Stoning '' - A dramatic instrumental track , which was used as the opening for the first two episodes . `` Big O ! '' - -LRB- By Rui Nagaki -RRB- It has some obvious influences of Queen , and is quite different from the other songs on this OST . `` Stand a Chance '' - An amalgam of orchestra and electronic synths make another upbeat , menacing songs . `` Name of God '' - I 'm a bit disappointed that the vocals are not included , as they are on the TV show . Its a menacing , dramatic orchestral song , but the choir would have made it even more dramatic . `` The Storm '' - Bongos and heavy synth use . Eerie track . `` Spirit '' - Varies in tempo . Dramatic orchesta track . `` Servant '' - Electronic organ and horn use . Reminiscent to a certain kind of 70 's music ... `` Apologize '' - Moving piano tune . `` Apparel '' - Wacky little orchestra song . `` The Great '' - Menacing orchestral song . `` Apostle '' - Piano piece . One of the best songs on this album . `` False '' - Slow , dramatic orchestral piece . `` Sleep My Dear '' - Piano using the `` Apologize '' theme an octave higher , while a lonely synth pad is played in the back . The best song on the album . `` Sure Promise '' - Upbeat , orchestra song . You can imagine The Big O saving the day with this song in the back . `` Touch '' - Mysterious little song . Synths and maybe a theremin are used . `` Weep For '' - Another mysterious song . Synths are used with reverberating echos and pads . `` Nature '' - Somewhat of an old saloon type song . Honky-Tonk piano is used . `` The Words '' - Upbeat orchestral song , again . Saxophone comes in with fast drums , then an electric guitar . `` Run Down '' - Fast piano piece . Very well done . `` Tears '' - Pads and Harmonica are used . Very lonely , sad tune . One of the best on the album . `` The Process '' - Choral pads used to invoke a mysterious beginning . Breaks into a down-tempo jazz trio playing . `` Sin '' - Menacing orchestra song , again . `` A Vision '' - Horns , organ , piano , sax all used . Upbeat kind of like `` Servant '' . `` Procrastination '' - A wacky little orchestra tune . `` Freedom '' - Upbeat beginning with piano and guitar . Breaks out with horns , then a sax , and electric guitar . `` The Holy '' - Phasing synth use over essentially `` Stand a Chance '' . `` Evolution '' - Piano on the `` Apologize '' theme again . `` Eternal Life '' - A short little tune with sax , light drums , and piano . `` And Forever ... '' - -LRB- By Robbie Danzie with Takao Naoki -RRB- Duet with a piano and strings in the back . Different from the other songs , but not necessarily bad ...
 This is the music that plays during Big-O season 1 . I am a huge fan of this show because the music goes with every scene giving you the same erie feeling that Roger Smith feels whenever he encounters many scenrios .1 . Stoning - The opening theme for eps 1-2 when the molten lava reveal 's Big-O 's head . The battle theme for Big-O vs The Mummy in ep 12.2 . Big-O Opening Theme < Edit > - Yes the opening theme for Big-O only cut short . Use as a battle theme for act 7.3 . Stand A Chance - The main battle theme for Big-O taking down megaduces . Used for Acts 2,4,6,7,8,9,11,12,13.4 . Name of God - Tune that always remind me of the past of 4 - year 's ago . Used in Act 5 as Roger is on the bridge explaining Bonnie Frazer 's death . The tomatoe speech with Gordon Rosewater in act 13.5 . The Storm - A mystery is going down what will Roger do ? Take action in this intense tune . Used for Acts5 ,6,7,86 . Spirit - Like jaws this tune slowly comes up then finishes with a bang . Used only twice in season 1 . For Act-6 When Roger confronts Contenze and for Act-12 my personal favorite the intro theme to Big-Duo as Roger meets the red megaduce for the first time .7 . Servant - A crusing beat for Roger to get annoy with like Roger is negotiating with Mr Wise , Roger and Dorothy in act 11 while they are shopping .8 . Apologize - The piano theme that Dorothy sometimes played or whenever Roger is talking about memories of the past of Paradigm . For Acts 1,2.9 . Apparel - One step , two step Big-O vs The Giant Toy Robot from act-10 in this struggle tune .10 . The Great - A giant monster theme for the enemies of Big-O . Dorothy-1 , The snake from act-3 .11 . Apostle - Dorothy play this tune on the piano . Roger is investigated the scene when this tune comes on .12 . False - Something bad is going on with this tune like Roger discovering the plant in act 3 , Roger and Datsun talking about the Amadues case .13 . Sleep My Dear - Only played once in season 1 the ending of act7 after Big-O destroy the sea titan when Roger and Angel are staring at each other .14 . Sure Promise - The main battle theme for Big-O . Acts 1,2,3,5,12,13.15 . Touch - `` Scooby Doo where are you '' ? A strange beat indeed but has a mysterious tune to it like you want to know what is out there . Act 's 4,716 . Weep For - Another mystery beat for Roger to wonder about . Used in Act 's 2,4,5,7.17 . Nature - The Speak Easy Theme , also when Dorothy was feeling the blues at the end of act 3.18 . The Words - The chase in on . Someone is running and wonder who ? 19 . Run Down - yes the annoying tune that Dorothy plays to wake up Roger Smith in the morning . Act 3 , 620 . Tears - A sad tune about someone life .21 . The Process - Another mysterious tune that Roger likes to wonder in . Act 4.22 . Sin - This score is the probably the most feared as something is going to happen . For acts 3,4,7,9,13.23 . A Vision - Not used in season 1 but used as a DVD musical tone in the Big-O season 1 DVD 's .24 . Procrastination - Roger explaining the house hold rules of the mansion at the end of Act 2.25 . Freedom - Roger is speeding / running off to a scene like driving the griffon in act 6 . In the sub with Angel in act 7.26 . The Holy - A Stand A Chance Remix which I beleive was played in act 6.27 . Evolution - Another Apologize remix as Dorothy was playing this tune in act 8 while with Pero . Roger narrates the scene with this tune .28 . Eternal Life - Only played once and use for Instro 's regaining his self esstem when Dorothy hands him back his bow tie . From Act-529 . And Forever ... Edit Theme - The short version of the ending theme of Big-O also Dorothy was humming this tune in act 8 . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The Big-O has been often compared to Batman -LRB- the main character and his gear , his butler , etc. -RRB- , but it more definitely pays homage to Bladerunner in both its setting , premise and -LRB- more importantly since you are reading this here in the music review section -RRB- its style of musical score . ... As for the rest of the cd it is a precise and perfect mix of noir style power synth , mixed with emotional melodies , - and even a few player-piano meanderings -LRB- the music you here when Roger goes to the bar to get info from his contact -RRB- . This is one of those soundtracks that stands up even better * without * the interference of the show 's various sounds and dialogue . Which is probably why not many people know about it . Now you can hear all of the music and feel that thrill when Roger Smith shouts , `` It 's showtime ! '' Further good news , it 's also completely free of the usual anime ` silly ' synth music . You know the kind I 'm talking about , - the under twelve year-old pokemush casio-tone music that ruins a cd and wears out your remote because your always tapping on the ` skip ' button . ... Final words
 I started watching Big O Season 1 on CartoonNetworks Adult Swim . I wondered if they had music for the first season . Come to find out they did . The Big O Origial Sound Score on CD has 29 songs . The CD comes with lyrics for Big O # 1 and And Forever # 29 in english , the rest are in Japanese . I have encluded the song titles and track length of each song in this review .01 . Stoning -- 01:4202 . Big O-TV Edit -- 01:1103 . Stand A Chance -- 02:0904 . Name Of God -- 01:4605 . The Storm -- 01:2006 . Spirit -- 01:4207 . Servant -- 01:2008 . Apologize -- 02:0309 . Apparel -- 01:1310 . The Great -- 01:4611 . Apostle -- 02:2612 . False -- 01:2613 . Sleep My Dear -- 02:1514 . Sure Promise -- 01:5815 . Touch -- 01:1716 . Weep For -- 01:2517 . Nature -- 01:4118 . The Words -- 01:3219 . Run Down -- 00:3820 . Tears -- 01:1521 . The Process -- 01:0922 . Sin -- 01:3223 . A Vision -- 01:1724 . Procrastination -- 01:0225 . Freedom -- 01:4026 . The Holy -- 01:0827 . Evolution -- 01:2328 . Eternal Life -- 00:4529 . And Forever-TV Edit -- 01:27
 Breathtaking is how I would descibe this Soundtrack . The music is beautiful , emotional , has charachter , and is like nothing I 've heard . I thought I had heard all the great soundtracks around , but Big - o proved me wrong . I love anime and its music , so im always looking for new ones and I hit gold when I found Big-O . Im not a big fan of the show , but i caught a few episodes and really got into the music . I rank this sound track up with castlevania symphony of the night , another great soundtrack with beautiful music and charachter . With those two you cant go wrong .
 I am a BIG fan of the series and ordered the disk to the second season first , and was disapointed with it . All the heroic upbeat themes that I liked so much in the show just were not on the disk . Only a cut up jumble of them toward the end of the disk.THIS disk how ever is exactly what every BIG O fan should get.If you are a Collector get both , if you 're just a fan , get this one .
 Whatever you USED to think about anime soundtracks ... forget it ! This CD surpasses anything you could imagine.From classical to jazz to blues to strains reminiscent of Williams or Goldsmith , this soundtrack runs the gamut , and does NOT disappoint.And if you watch the series , you would note that the music is not just a `` backdrop '' for what happens on screen , but is deeply integrated INTO the storylines.Considering this was once an anime the Japanese did n't really take to , the importing of this series takes you into a world that `` could '' happen , Replete with engrossing people -LRB- not just background characters -RRB- , recurring subplots , and questions about one 's memories . In essence , the series takes you on a whirlwind tour of the human condition.Not to mention , it 's got some cool HUGE honkin ' robots < g > ! The music contained in this CD only serves to amplifiy the characters encountered , whether they are brooding , combative , or contemplative.If you love soundtrack music that really helps to tell a story ... this one is a MUST HAVE ! ... Ye NOT Guilty .
 The tv series this is from is n't the best , but the soundtrack is amazing . It is worth shelling out extra money for an authentic copy of the cd instead of some bootleg crap .
 The shrink wrap was still on the CD needless to say I was impressed this is the very definition of new 5 stars for sure
 The japanese import is extremely rare and expensive so cheap hong kong , korea versions are a must . Music quality and tracks are the same after all .
 This easily qualifies for the `` Best Anime Award '' for the romantic Anime scene.Buy it and the soundtrack . You wo n't be disappointed . .
 This is one of the best animes , I believe , so far in the history of anime . Kareshi Kanojo No Jijou -LRB- His and Her Situation -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- It opens with the begining `` warning '' music and then leads straight to the opening song . Then it has several tracks of BEAUTIFUL instrumental music . The next actual vocal song you hear is the `` S.O.S '' song . I think that 's one of my favorites because of the situation they played it in on the show . -LRB- When Arima huged Miyazawa -RRB- KAWAII ! Then you have more breath taking music . The next `` song '' is a song -LRB- dunno what it 's called -RRB- about monsters that all of Miyazawa 's new friends sing . My favorite part is when Tsubasa shouts out . I crack up every time I hear it ! Then you have both versions of the ending theme song . But if you have a chance to get this CD , it 's totally worth it ! Not to mention the cover artwork is very cool . It features evrybody . * - * Ja ` ne ! ~ Aya-chan
 This is an Awesome CD done by Derryl Perry , Higly Recommend it . Most of the song He wrote and some collaborated with other songwriters like him , Outstanding Vocals and Musician plus Songwriter !!!
 I was really pleased after purchasing this CD . Had heard Derryl in person a couple of times and thought he was good . His CD shows his versatility and there was n't one tune I did n't love . He is also a great performer .
 This double CD is fantastic value . The second CD is the best rocksteady compilation I have heard so far
 Disc one
 This is a great CD ! Though I wish it would come in the mail faster . * sweatdrop * Anyway , there are forty tracks , not thirty-nine , and they mostly consist of background music from the series . The songs are generally short , usually about a minute to two minutes long and the CD is split into six different sections
 I just got this CD today , and I have been listening to it almost non-stop . I have been an avid GW fan for about a year and a half , and this is the first GW CD I have bought -LRB- and I love it -RRB- ! First of all , there are 40 songs on this CD , not 39 . Most of the songs are simply background music from the show , so they have no words ; the longest being around 3 minutes at most . Obviously , due to the nature of the anime , all of the words -LRB- both on the case and on the CD -RRB- are in Japanese.Now , enough of the boring informative part , on to the part where I try and get you to buy it ! ~ Most of the songs from track 14 trough around 29 are slow , sad , and/or light , and from about track 30 on it gets more agressive , exciting and loud ; the battle-type scenes . All of the music on this disc is beatifully done -LRB- with the exception of maybe two , lol ; - -RRB- Some of my favorite songs would be
 I do n't pretend to be a music expert . But this is undeniably a beautiful CD . It contains all the background music , which ranges from the J-Pop sounds of Two Mix to electric guitars to gentle winds and strings . One track is almost Jamaican-sounding ! There is a song to fit every mood on this CD , and I can never get enough of it . Plus , as an added bonus , there is the extended version of the wonderful opening and ending theme songs `` Just Communication '' and `` It 's Just Love '' !
 Wow !!! This CD rules ! I love all 40 songs on here . They 're all done really well - talking about sucking you in . It 's always in my player and diffenatly one of my favorites . Most of the music is background music from the anime Gundam Wing -LRB- which is also really good -RRB- . Some is done by a full orcastra and others take on a more Jpop feeling . All in all , it 's worth investing in . I love Amazon . .
 Im a gundam fan , Gundam Wing was the first one i encounterd , when i first saw it i was impressed , I bought this soundtrack and i enjoy it , there is good listening music for all ocasions , when i host people ill pop in this cd and people think its great back ground music , it also has some very good meloncoly tracks as well . I would recomend the complete best collection if you want the Jap Pop music from the series .
 Gundam Wing has one of the greatest scores of all time . Yes the opening and closing are good but the score by Kou Ootani is amazing !!! It has some very good somber music and EXCELLENT i mean EXCELLANTE action music . This music is in my cd player 24/7 and i have never gotten tired of it . BUY THIS NOW IT IS WORTH EVERY PENNY !!!! if you like what you hear then get operation 2 , 3 , or 4
 Thia is the best CD I have ever listened to . My favorite song is JUST COMMUNICATION
 At a recent anime convention I picked up volumes 1,3 and 4 of the gundam Wing Operation Cd 's ... Volume 1 is basically all backround musc which varies from loud and exciting to musical calm songs that I could listen to anywhere ... Tis cd also has the infamous JustCommunication -LRB- japanese theme -RRB- in full format , it also has Just Love -LRB- Japanes ending theme -RRB- and the theme for commercials in America and the American ending theme ... olume 3 is more backround music with come really good vocal songs by various characters , also contains one of the more wellknown songs , rythmn emotion ... however my favorite cd of them all is volume 4 . . Pure Japanese vocals all the way . This cd contains theme songs done by all of the Gundam pilots and also songs by Treize Kushrenada and Zechs Marquise ... and of coures by relena -LRB- but who likes her ... everyone knows that HEERO and DUO make a much better couple without her getting in the way -RRB- Well all that said a personal note on the GW series ... ITS GREAT !!! GW remains my favorite series and I own most of the DVD 's and modela kits and action figures availibe . . One Other thing ... YAOI RULES !!!!!!!
 This cd is unbelievable . I enjoy it except that a lot of the songs are short -LRB- about one minute -RRB- . The soundtrack is definitely worth buying with 39 songs . I wish that they could send it quicker ...
 A nice CD composed of the songs from the movie series Macross Plus .
 Some of the tracks are somewhat tame , but there are a few -LRB- After , in the Dark , MYUNG theme -RRB- that would make for excellent singles . If for some reason you are choosing between MPOST1 and MPOST2 , I would reccomend MPOST1 . In short , when this album shines , it does so very well , and the other tracks are n't bad themselves .
 I just got to say that one of the reasons Macross Plus and Cowboy Bebop succeded were not only because they are great anime but because of their great music score.Yoko Kanno is a master in composing any great song.She uses an unique and unrealistic language in most of them though -LRB- That 's the reason I like After in the Dark and Pulse so much , it 's all about emotions -RRB- U just wo n't believe it till u finally listen to it.I have n't been able to buy it though , I ca n't find it anywhere -LRB- Amazon.com got it though ^ ^ -RRB- but I 'd listen to every single song on the internet and all of them are great .
 Product was even better than described . Even though it was used , the cd was practically new with very VERY minor marks and the best part about this product was that it arrived two-days earlier than stated . Great product , and excellent service !! Would definately buy from this seller again and again !! A + + + + + + + +
 This is a great CD with all of the music featured in the movie but not available on the other 3 commercially available soundtracks . The most notable of which is the song `` Wan na Be An Angel '' -LRB- Track 9 -RRB- that was sung by Sharon Apple as she flew threw Macross City on the giant bird-thing . It also contains the new music backing Isamu and Guld 's final fight -LRB- Track 12 -RRB- . Also included is a cello vesion of voices -LRB- Track 8 -RRB- heard during Guld 's final moments in his fight with the Ghost and an independant track of the Torch Song . Below is the track list with references as to where you can find some of the songs on the other soundtracks.1-Welcome to Sparefish -LRB- track 4 on Vol .2 -RRB- 2-Fly up in the Air -LRB- track 2 on vol .1 -RRB- 3-Idol Talk -LRB- track1 vol .2 and track 2 Creme P.U.F. -RRB- 4 - Tepee 5 - Piano version of Nomad Soul 6-Break Out -LRB- track9a vol .1 -RRB- 7-Cantible -LRB- track 9b vol .1 -RRB- 8-Voices cello version 9 - Wan na Be an Angel 10-Santi-U -LRB- track11 vol .1 and track 4 Creme P.U.F. -RRB- 11-Torch Song -LRB- track 3b vol .1 -RRB- 12-Dog Fight 13-Voices A-capella version
 This is one of the most extraordinary soundtracks I have ever heard . Macross Plus is one of my favorite anime series , and it 's soundtrack is definetly one of my favorite CDs . This is a must buy , for any fan of Macross !
 I approach anime music with objective scpeticism , so with that in mind
 Where to begin ... This Album is absolutely gorgeous . It is eerything it should be and more . If you love any and all types of music ... this one 's for you !!! -LRB- I own it and love it . -RRB-
 The CD is the closes thing you can get to buying the movie . From the saga to Macross 2 , it has been about music . Macross Plus is not an acception but more like a new level of life because life is music . So I rank it best and anything else a n't a anime sountrack
 I think this album has real future music . Because Animation music is not wholly commercial music . It is certain that Yoko Kanno is genious .
 `` Macross Plus '' is my favourite movie , and the OST fits it perfectly . After purchasing it I quickly located and purchased the OST 's for `` The Vision of Escaflowne '' and the other `` Macross Plus '' albums based purely on the fact that they were by Yoko Kanno . Most of it 's performed by members of the Israel Symphonic Orchestra , and it 's a mixture of classical style and techno music . Ohh , it 's just great . Unfortunately , I 'm not much on elaboration ...
 Almost all the songs on the soundtrack are great , but please be aware of the playlist difference of some of the reviews here , and what is actually on the cd . If you are looking for particular songs you may purchase the wrong cd if you go off the review .
 I loved the 4 episodes , hated the movie though , Loved the soundtrack . The instrumental pieces just seem to raise your conciousness and relax you . Superb tunes by `` Sharon Apple '' which totally rock , and five stars to the Israeli orchestra . Best anime soundtrack I have ever heard and the best Macross series I have ever seen .
 If you loved Maccross Plus the movie of the four part OVA you will love all of this orignal music from the Movie thats on the Cd all though the music is in Japenese I can Listen to it all night . The music is great and when I found the Cd On Amazon.com I was amazed . I find the Cd to be great and If you love anime as much as I do then I recommend this CD .
 The brink of time add on cd to the chrono trigger osv was better than the original itsself . The orchestration by yasunori mitsuda was simply amazing , he truly is a master of vgmusic . I would in all ways say he is equal to or better than N. Umetsu -LRB- final fantasy -RRB- . This is a truly captivating cd .
 You know what , you 've been looking at this game 's soundtrack , and have wondered , `` Do I want to own one of the best works of Yasanori Mitsuda and at the same time have all my favorite music ? '' The answer , is yes . Let 's face it folks , it 's Chrono Trigger . And until Square releases it again in the US and Abroad for the Playstation , you 're either stuck with MP3 's that come and go , MIDI 's that do n't have the Sound quality , and the game where you ca n't always access your favorite track without a lot of work and a lot of wall sockets.Granted , the music is outdated to todays standards of Final Fantasy 8 , 9 and the new Playstation 2 games , but the pure power of the songs will always bring you back to the classic 16-bit glory that was the Super Nintendo and the awe-inspiring plot that has been the dreams of so many gamers.Do yourself a favor , get this soundtrack , it is `` SO '' worth it .
 This compliation of Mighty Diamonds is good , not great , but good.Offering a versatile look at many of their songs , Bodyguard , 400 years , Diamonds & Pearls , and many more are all fluent and acccompany the dubs which are standard at best . Its a good album for beginners or those who really love MDs music .
 Pacini 's Saffo is , despite its neglect , an artistic masterpiece well worth reviving for its own interest and for its place in the development of opera . While a master of the bel canto style , Pacini concentrates more on lovely singing than on vocal pyrotechnics . Fine legato and phrasing are required and are rewarded by producing a highly satisfactory experience.This recording from the Wexford Festival serves the opera well . The principals , though not outstanding , do serve the piece adequately . The women seem to me to have more difficulty than the men do , especially in the range required and with the extent of low notes that seem to produce difficulty . Saffo sounds more like a mezzo than a soprano role and while Francesca Padaci sings some wonderful passages in the title role , her voice does n't quite fit the needs of the part . By contrast , I greatly enjoyed the tenor , Carlo Ventre , singing the part of Saffo 's fickle lover . Roberto de Candia singing the baritone role of Alcandro , Saffo 's unknown father -LRB- The plot , in a fairly strong libretto , is not more plausible than most such classical efforts . -RRB- also produces a strong and enjoyable performance . Though `` fit '' of the voice to the role is also a problem with the other female principal , Marina Pentchava , as Climene -LRB- Saffo 's sister who steals her lover , -RRB- she nevertheless produces some lovely singing.The Wexford Festival Chorus turns in a worthwhile performance , though I confess that I could not make out any of the words sung by the female half of the chorus . The National Symphony of Ireland , under Maurizio Benini , performs adequately , with the wind sections -LRB- which play a prominent part in the proceedings -RRB- being particularly noteworthy . The sound is good , though a bit on the cold and distant side , and the audience for the performance are rendered marginal . Finally , the booklet is a model of its kind . One might wish for a major company to record the opera with some outstanding singers , to see how much more exciting such treatment would render this work . Failing that , the present production makes a very satisfactory addition to one 's collection if one is interested in widening the scope of one 's enjoyment of mid - 19th century opera .
 Imagine
 I LOVE THIS CD !! If YOU LIKE the reggae gold and reggae hits series.this cd is definitly for you ! add this to your `` something to shake your booty to '' collection .
 Love this cd . It 's been awhile since I hear Ghetto Red Hot and Freaks . Doug E Fresh was the bomb back in the days . Good dance music and easy on the ears .
 THIS COLLECTION IS WORTH THE PRICE . . THE ONLY COLLECTION AVAILABLE . UNTIL ONE OF HER OLD LABELS IN THE US DECIDE TO GET TOGETHER AND RELEASE A MORE COMPREHENSIVE COLLECTION THIS IS THE ONE . THERE ARE NO SONGS FROM HER DAYS WITH WARNER BROTHERS OR COLUMBIA . BUT DEFINITELY WORTH THE PRICE OF ADMISSION .
 This collection has almost all the great songs that Crystal has recorded over the years . When you hear the harmony in such songs as ' I still miss someone ' or the her sultry version of ` Cry me a river ' You 'll remember what makes her such a great artist . Her producer at the time Allen Reynolds put alot of thought and work into these songs and you can tell as you listen to them . Its great to hear her honey sweet voice again . I think her amazing ability to pick great songs and make them her own shows in this collection .
 This is the only CD compilation of Crystal 's work that I have been able to find after a year of searching . The quality of the sound is clear and sharp , but obviously from the original masters , it has n't been digitally re-mastered . Do n't let that stop you from purchasing this collection though , the sound quality is still quite high despite not having been re-mastered . The song selection is a nice mix , if you like Crystal 's voice you ca n't go wrong with this one .
 This was a great Cd , I need to know who is getting the royalty for the sales cd
 Bangin ' Bangin ' Bangin ' !!! That 's the one single word that perfectly describes this second album released by Italian DJ superstar Mauro Picotto . ` The Others ' ventures into the direction that the first album did not fully reach . It is heavily influenced by the special breed of hard Techno and House music that Picotto so strongly favors and supports . ` The Others ' has a whole style on its own , unleashing an impressive assault of technical beats and patterns layered throughout each composition . This time around , the focus is not on melody , but rather on the hedonistic sound of crashing drums and pounding bass . However , that does n't mean that Picotto did n't take his music seriously . Like in all his trademark records , he carefully hand-crafts each piece with the most advanced studio-wizardry currently available in order to instill that trademark feeling of ` Whoa dude ... how did he DO that ? ' It 's reason enough to give Picotto any number of awards for ` Best Dance Producer of the Year ' this time around.It 's difficult to label what the best tracks are on ` The Others ' . Unlike Picotto 's first album , most of these songs will not be gracing the European Top 10 Dance charts , nor are there many recognizable , hummable tunes that get stuck in your head . However , I can narrow it down to these tracks
 this cd is a lot to handle at first . it 's faster , faaar less trancey , and very tech and tribal oriented . but if you would like to see the lizard man move out of the cheesy-spaced out trance realm and develop more of the hard-hitting style he 's famous for , then you will like this cd . his handle on rhthym is unsurpassed , and he 's honestly one of my favorite dj 's AND producers .
 Bangin ' Bangin ' Bangin ' !!! That 's the one single word that perfectly describes this second album released by Italian DJ superstar Mauro Picotto . ` The Others ' ventures into the direction that the first album did not fully reach . It is heavily influenced by the special breed of hard Techno and House music that Picotto so strongly favors and supports . ` The Others ' has a whole style on its own , unleashing an impressive assault of technical beats and patterns layered throughout each composition . This time around , the focus is not on melody , but rather on the hedonistic sound of crashing drums and pounding bass . However , that does n't mean that Picotto did n't take his music seriously . Like in all his trademark records , he carefully hand-crafts each piece with the most advanced studio-wizardry currently available in order to instill that trademark feeling of ` Whoa dude ... how did he DO that ? ' It 's reason enough to give Picotto any number of awards for ` Best Dance Producer of the Year ' this time around.It 's difficult to label what the best tracks are on ` The Others ' . Unlike Picotto 's first album , most of these songs will not be gracing the European Top 10 Dance charts , nor are there many recognizable , hummable tunes that get stuck in your head . However , I can narrow it down to these tracks
 mint jams perhaps one of casiopea 's best album , not only because it is contained of live tracks , most of all because ut 's beautiful remix they made on the album , mint jams also shows the first original formation of casiopea .
 Great classic old time polka bands , fun to listen to . If you like polka music this is one to add to your collection . Nice selection of dance tunes from some of the best bands of the period . Enjoy the tunes and remember a time of youth and fun .
 Though the liner notes suggest that the bulk of this `` Time Tunnel '' music is from the premiere episode `` Rendezvous with Yesterday '' , it would be more correct to say that the music is from the unaired pilot . 90 % of the time , that means it 's identical to `` Rendezvous '' , but towards the end you also get snatches of music that accompany Tony when he 's accidentally returned to the desert surface of the Time Tunnel complex in 1958 , as well as some of the action music when Tony and Doug run from a dinosaur -LRB- in a scene that was never used in the series proper -RRB- . It 's all good stuff , and much of it was re-used throughout the series . Some of John Williams ' best `` Time Tunnel '' work is here , and the music moves wonderfully from the majestic fanfares that introduce the tunnel , to the anticipatory tenseness of Tony 's momentary second thoughts before entering the tunnel , to the bombastic urgency of the scenes where his colleagues futilely attempt to stop him.I was surprised to find that I liked the `` Titanic Trot '' more than I thought I would . Williams ' range is so wide that he even wrote great period music . And in the climactic moment `` The Iceberg Cometh '' , you can DEFINITELY hear music that is very reminiscent of what Williams would write decades later for the Indiana Jones movies.The George Duning pieces are not bad , but frankly I would rather have had some other tunes from the show -- foe example , the one which accompanies the opening credits of `` End of the World '' . Sadly , with these CDs going out of print , there 's almost no chance of a follow-up CD .
 In Japanese Amazon Marketplace , this item is very high price.I 'm glad to get this here .
 Take yourself to a time in your life when everything came together , when for a single day , for a brief snapshot of your life , everything fell in line just for you . The concept that was Argyle Park is that moment in the history of Christian Industrial . For one brief moment in 1994 , a who 's who of a small , emerging niche scene got together to conceive what might be considered by some as the best electronic industrial to stand the test of time.More of a consortium than a band , Argyle Park was in itself a concept that joined together to create a concept album . The roster of VIPs included members from bands such as Circle Of Dust , Klank , Chatterbox , Prong , Feotus , EDL , and Mortal . The influence of each artist can be heard in this association of perfection , with a major influence and primary production credit coming from Circle Of Dust front man Klay -LRB- AKA Scott Albert -RRB- under his pseudonym and current band name Celldweller . The album represents a critical piece of scene history , with it 's release prior to , and perhaps contributing to , certain contributor 's declaration of disassociation with the `` Christian artist '' label and associated implied stigma.The message throughout the album is as heavy as the music . While the clich&eacute; is often abused , it is apparent that the material was ahead of its time . The songs express the complete range of what can be perceived as negative emotions , including hate , violence , anger , doubt , and violence.The release was more than much of the `` Christian '' music industry could bare , as they tried to apply an `` Amy Grant '' silver lining to every fuzzed-out riff and distorted vocal . Indeed , much of the animosity on Misguided can be interpreted as directed towards the church , or those in the Christian faith . No punches are pulled as song after song takes lyrical stabs at hypocrisy . The release was in a no-win situation , with fans of the scene liking the music but distrusting the lyrics , and those who would embrace the music at face value shying away from the Christian label.Part of the appeal of the album is its implied intimacy . The album is very personal , with the songs coming across as directed at a specific individual from a first person perspective . From `` You make me Violent '' to `` You never showed me what I would face out there '' , the album is a balm for anyone who has been hurt through the actions of someone else . For those who could relate , the album is a welcome relief . For those who could n't -LRB- which were perhaps some of who the album was directed at -RRB- , it could be seen as a threat.While the content and their implications are worth noting , the impact of the lyrics stand out on the album due to the exceptional quality of the music . The 18 tracks flow together seamlessly . A few tracks become favorites , but it 's like singling out a specific brush stroke on a painting masterpiece . It 's beautiful on its own , but experienced as part of the whole , its fantastic . The opening spoken word track sets the stage , and from there it 's a wild ride filled with the crunch of guitars spread over and under layers of hard synth , samples and electronics . Beyond the first actual 18 tracks , track 26 contains what sounds like a conceptual studio discussion pertaining to the awesome techno/industrial ` Skin Shed ' tracks , track 29 has some guy doing a poor job of singing a low quality version of T. Rex 's ` Bang A Gong ' , and track 34 closes the album in similar fusion to the opening with a fuzzed out spoke word warning.After all this praise for the album , you want it , right ? Good luck . Your only hope is the second hand stores such as radrockers.com or ebay . Either way , expect to be shy no less than $ 50US . Having paid the bean , I will attest to the value . Argyle Park is the sum of all its parts . It is Klank . It is Circle of Dust . It is early Mortal . It was ... Argyle Park . It will be missed . -- Chad -- The Edge On-Line
 Its been along time since i 've listen to this . The premier music services do not offer it for dowload , so i broke down and brought the album ... Still sounds awesome . Klay Scott/Scot albert or whoever he is on this album , shows his uncanny ability to mix the most opposite of sounds to produce a very powerful mix . As you can imagine from the cd cover art -LRB- the term `` dont judge a book by its cover '' does not apply in this case -RRB- indicates that the overall feel is one of retribution and bitterness . If your not overly sensitive to this and love metal/industrial/samples , this cd is for you .
 I had this CD several years ago , until some poorly endowed schmo broke into my car and stole it -LRB- along with my stereo and about 20 other CDs -RRB- . Enough of the sob story ; ever since that time I 've been hunting the stores and hoping to find another copy . I ordered one through amazon from an independent seller by the name of `` Topmusic '' , and he sent me a reissue -LRB- after promising me the original R.E.X. version -RRB- that had silence breaks between all of the tracks . Granted this is not the end of the world , but it does alter the effect of this work of art , not to mention the added disrespect of being lied to . He then proceeded to ignore about 15 of my most polite and professional e mails regarding the matter . -LRB- Insert maternal profanity here -RRB- But enough about the perils of trusting independent sellers , Misguided is a once in a lifetime collection of raw anger , dark atmospheres , buzzsaw synth patches , pummeling drums and chunky guitar riffs . This album sits right up there with the best of them , and is worth the heavy price tag given the fact that it 's near impossible to find , and I should know because I 've been searching for about 10 years now . For fans of the `` industrial '' sound , metal , or just honest artistic expression presented in a seamless dreamlike manner , you owe it to yourself to check this album out . Just make sure you are getting the R.E.X. version for the full effect ... 10 stars .
 This album was a mega-project by celldweller -LRB- or whatever his name is now -RRB- and many , many artists , most of whom were christian . -LRB- Do n't let that throw you -- it 's deeper than that . -RRB- This album was written for youths who were molested by priests in NYC , or so I was told back when I first picked it up . The lyrics and darkness throughout the album are not what you 'd expect from christian pseudo-industrial acts like Mortal . Tommy Victor from Prong even makes an appearance and used the riff on ` doomsayer ' on the first track of his main work `` Rude Awakening . '' It has emotional depth , and it never once goes preachy on you . It blends styles of metal and industrial and achieves a truly original sound that defined an era of my life , and helped me deal with some of my own issues.If you want a real treat , there is an Argyle park song on a tribute to -LRB- Stryker , i think -RRB- that is the only reason to buy that cd . It 's that good .
 I have a 15 year old cassette of this album but no cassette player !! You can hear a few of their songs on the Argyle Park myspace page so SOMEONE must have put some of their songs in digital form ... This was easily one of the greatest albums of my youth . You guys need to get over any religious connections to this album . Argyle Park is for HUMANS , not christians !
 First of all , I do n't own this album -LRB- yet -RRB- . Okay , I have heard a few songs off it , and I do own AP2 , and various other Klay Scott and Celdweller works , so that gives me a right to say something . Okay , here 's the news that no one has yet told you . Part of this band and AP2 is Mark Soloman . If that name does n't mean anything to you , he is the lead sing of Stavesacre , a Christian artist that writes music that borders goth , hard rock , punk , and alternative -LRB- very unique , . but very good -RRB- . He has a haunting voice , and when you couple that with Scott Klaytons genious in writing you end up with a mindblowing band . By the way , buying this cd WILL make you want to throw a louder stereo system in your car . Enjoy
 First of all I would like to say that Escaflowne features what I believe is the greatest soundtrack ever -LRB- TV or Film -RRB- . The epic sci-fi fantasy soundtrack features sweeping orchestra work the likes of which many will doubtless be familiar from their experience with films like Star Wars . In my opinion the music from Escaflowne manages to one-up said soundtracks , becoming a masterpiece of musical arrangement that not only transcends anime , but TV and sci-fi fantasy as well . My favorite piece of music is Revenge from the third Escaflowne soundtrack.If like most people who watched Escaflowne , you loved the music , doubtless you want to buy at least one of the soundtracks so that you can experience the music in all of its glory . You may however , be wondering where to start . This soundtrack features music from the three other soundtracks , as well as music which is not featured on any of the others.The first piece of music is an alternate and slightly longer than television size version of the opening song from the show No Need to Promise . It 's nice and interesting , but no match for the full version featured on the first soundtrack.The second track is an alternate version of Vision of Escaflowne , which I believe is played on the final episode of the series . The third track Memory of Fanelia is the string instrument version of Fanelia from the second soundtrack , and is only featured in this cd . This music is played in the episode where Van returns to the destroyed Fanelia to meet with his brother , and is a simply exquisite piece of music that led to many an evening of me whistling that tune as I worked.The fourth track Dance of Curse is played at the beginning and end of the series during the most dramatic moments and largely recalls Duel of the Fates from the new Star Wars trilogy , except of course that I happen to like it better . This track is also featured in soundtrack one . The fifth track Zaibach is a piece that grows on you . It is the perfect piece of music for a scene of total destruction and shocking brutality , as it is used in the series for the invasion of Fanelia and subsequent attacks by lord Dilandau . This track is also only found on this soundtrack.Track six , Flying Dragon , is the music played when Escaflowne transforms into a dragon and flies through the air . It is highly reminiscent of E.T. , but it 's still an awesome piece of music . Track seven , Cradle Song , is also featured on the second soundtrack and is a beautiful sad piece played during flashbacks throughout the series . Track eight is a vocal song played when Hitomi starts to think about the life she left back on earth.Track nine , Bird Cage , is of the most dramatic and searing of the pieces to be found in the show , and plays when -LRB- if I 'm not mistaken -RRB- Hitomi , Van , and Allen are captured by Zaibach and kept in a giant bird cage . Track ten is one of the best pieces in the entire series . Chain is the fantastic piece of music that plays in the episode where Faulkin uses the Fate Alteration Engine to make Hitomi and Allen fall in love instead of Van and Hitomi . It is a huge part of that episode , and one greatest just-plain-cool pieces of music I have ever heard . Why this piece of music is only featured on this soundtrack I will never know.Track eleven Epistle is played when the luck soldiers attack and during various other attacks through the series . It starts out good and just gets better . It is also featured on the third soundtrack . Track twelve is a forgettable piece of J-Pop called Perfect World . Track thirteen Blaze is splendid piece of mood music , but not as good as some of the other music featured on the soundtrack -LRB- also found on the third soundtrack -RRB- . Track fourteen Hitomi Theme is definitely one of the best pieces on this soundtrack -LRB- also found on soundtrack two -RRB- and plays during some of the moments when Hitomi is dreaming about what her life used to be like back home on earth . Simply beautiful.Track fifteen Angel -LRB- soundtrack one also -RRB- is not only one of the best pieces on this soundtrack , but of the best in the entire series . It plays during important flashbacks , ceremonies , ect. , and is the kind of music you would n't be embarrassed to have play at your wedding . In fact this piece of music is so beautiful you may find yourself listening to it over and over again -LRB- on a side note this piece of music always makes me think of the happiest moments of my life -RRB- . Track sixteen is a little lullaby type song in super-cute Japaneses . Throwaway track.Track seventeen Arcadia is a piece of music so sad , and so heartbreaking -LRB- it plays mostly when death is remembered , or you are finding out just how terrible a past and future Faulkin is having to live under -RRB- that it made me buy the soundtrack just for itself . This piece of music is absolutely awesome in the beginning , and then goes into an opera piece -LRB- which is not bad , but not as good as the beginning -RRB- . They are almost two pieces though so I do n't count that as a disadvantage . This piece is also featured in soundtrack three.Track eighteen is probably the best piece of pop music in the entire series -LRB- well , except for the opening song -RRB- . This song is played when Hitomi gets back to earth and relives the entire day over again , realizing how flawed her perspective was and how childish she had been acting . A really great song sung in Japanese . Very good . Track nineteen , Mystic Eyes , is one of those pieces that you will either love or hate . Personally I think it clashes terribly with the rest of the music in the show . For those who care it is the TV Edit , not the full version.Track twenty The Story of Escaflowne , is a very good reason to buy this cd . The final piece of music in the entire series , played only at the very end of the final episode , is one of the greatest ending themes you will ever hear . Absolutely heartbreakingly beautiful . If you loved this music from the TV show then you have to buy this cd , because it is the only place you will find it.There is a tremendous amount of variety in the music in Escaflowne , but the show is best when it uses the rousing orchestral themes . The best pieces of music in the entire series are probably Chain , The Story of Escaflowne , Dance of Curse , Gloria , Wings , and Revenge . Gloria is the piece played at the royal wedding , and also when Van comes home to Fanelia after slaying a dragon in the second episode . Wings is an absolutely FANTASTIC combination of Flying Dragon , Angel , and other music . It is played when Van is rescued from the flying fortress , and features a grander , bigger , better rendition of Angel at the very end that is so beautiful it 's hard to describe . Revenge is THE theme of the show -LRB- if you ask me -RRB- . Played at the very end of the show when everything comes to a showdown , it starts out like an action scene from Star Wars , then swiftly transitions into a sorrowful march rendition of the Escaflowne theme , and then picks up momentum until it climaxes like the end of the Firebird Suite -LRB- good old Stravinsky -RRB- . If you want the best soundtrack to start off on the music from this series , get the first soundtrack which features Dance of Curse , Flying Dragon , Escaflowne -LRB- awesome -RRB- , Angel , Ne Zu Mi -LRB- Merle 's theme -LCB- another awesome ! -RCB- , Wings -LRB- so awesome is defies description ! -RRB- , and Gloria -LRB- repeat last parenthetical statement -RRB- . If you want the single best piece of music get the third soundtrack -LRB- REVENGE !!!!! -RRB- . It 's more of a mixed bag but has a couple of truly awesome pieces . Get the second track last because it has the least amount of really great music . Get the Lovers Only soundtrack if you want a specific piece not found on the other soundtracks or want to have everything .
 I own all the Escaflowne OSTs and I 'd have to say this is the best one . The music of Yoko Kanno and Hajime Mizoguchi is just wonderful , smooth and flowing and conveys all emotions from the hopeful , ethereal `` Angel '' to the dark , ominous `` Blaze . `` Maaya Sakamoto 's songs on this track are just as lovely , especially `` Kaze ga fuku hi '' -LRB- Track 18 -RRB- which is still my all-time favorite song after 5 years of owning the CD . This track is has deep , soothing bass accompanied by a lovely saxophone and instruments get added in seemlessly as the song goes on ... by the time it reaches the climax of the piece , you 're shocked by all that 's there.I 'd highly recommend this CD to anyone who likes Yoko Kanno , Maaya Sakamoto , symphonic/choral music , or anime .
 When I was first introduced to the series `` Tenkuu no Escaflowne '' -LRB- Vision of Escaflowne -RRB- several years ago , one of the things that immediately drew me in was the incredible music . I tire of soundtracks very quickly , normally - but it 's been about 4 years now , and I can still put my Lovers Only CD on repeat for hours . It 's wonderful background music for creative activities such as writing , drawing , painting , or just relaxing.Unlike a great deal of soundtrack music , the Escaflowne songs and instrumentals are , for the most part , very non-intrusive . They mesh well with a variety of moods and provide everything from upbeat , catchy stuff to sorrowful and soulful pieces that will really move you . You do n't need to be a fan of the series to enjoy the music , either.This particular OST is my favorite of the five Escaflowne OSTs that I own ; it takes many of the best pieces from the series and puts them all on one CD . It also includes one of the most beautiful and addictive musical pieces from Escaflowne , the ominous `` Chain '' - which is absent from other Esca OSTs . -LRB- This is the background piece heard playing during the scene where Folken and Eriya alter Fate , among other scenes . -RRB-
 A lovely overview of some of the best music from this lovely anime . The hidden gem on this CD is Kaze ga Fuku Hi -LRB- The Days the Wind Blows -RRB- . This song dos n't stand out while you are watching , but like many of Yoko 's songs it is better as a complete number . That song alone is easaly worth what I paid for the CD and the rest of the music is worth having too .
 I have liked Escaflowne ever since I watched my first episode way back in college . It was a series that had me happily scavenging video stores for all eight over priced volumes of episodes.But as much as I liked the series , I must admit that , with the exception of `` Dance of Curse , '' I never really paid too much attention to the music . After all , I watch shows for the story , the action and the pretty special effects , hardly ever for the music.However , being a fan of the series , and of course the aforementioned `` Dance of Curse , '' I saw this soundtrack and had to get it.I was pleasantly surprised to find not just one or two good songs on an otherwise dust collecting album , but a whole cd of beautiful , worthwhile music . It 's given me a new appreciation for the series . Few television shows really put a lot of effort into their soundtracks . Animated shows in particular , western and eastern alike , tend to just come up with some clich&eacute; pop intro that 's just irritating . I 'm looking at Sonic X and Yugioh 5 D 's in particular here.But Escaflowne is different . Yoko Kanno really put a lot of effort into this . The music on this soundtrack is really beautiful and mood setting . It really brings back a lot of the emotion you got from watching the series . It 's the kind of effort you 'd expect to see put into a soundtrack for a summer movie.If you are a fan at all of Escaflowne , then you should get this soundtrack . You wo n't regret it .
 If I had to buy one CD to define the series of Escaflowne , this would be it . The music for Escaflowne is a rare wonder , and for twenty-six episodes , it defies the average anime soundtrack . It is superior to even most movie soundtracks . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !! Even if you do n't like the series -LRB- or how it ended XD -RRB- you have to admit that the music is beautiful . Superb .
 This is one of my favorite CD 's . The music is beautiful and the songs are great , especially `` Kaze ga Fuku hi '' and `` Yakusoku no Iranai '' . If you like anime , you want this CD .
 I 've seen the series of Escaflowne , as well as the movie . -LRB- All Dubbed though , have n't had the chance to see a copy of subtitled Escaflowne yet . -RRB- But this cd is by far my favorite . Almost all of the songs on it I like , especially Dance of Curse . There for a while , I 'd fall asleep listening to it at night . I say that this is difinitely a good buy and would get it . I hope others enjoy it as much as I do .
 I really do n't know where to start . I 'm in LOVE !!!! I have loved soundtracks since my parents bought me the soundtrack to Walt Disney 's Snow White many years ago and continued through the King and I , Flower Drum Song , Silverado , the Big Chill , Jurassic Park continues today . Vision of Escaflowne
 I first saw Vision of Escaflowne as a child and recently a friend of mine lent me the whole anime . From the start , the music hit me . Without it , you lose the emotion and feelings of the moment and of each character . Evne though it does n't include every soundtrack from the anime , this classical music makes you relive the intense Guymelef battles -LRB- track 4 and 5 -RRB- , along with the Atlantean legend -LRB- track 17 -RRB- and the last track is , I think , the most beautiful of all
 Escaflowne still has the best music in anime , hands down . Yoko Kanno is definitely the person to attest this to . Derfinitley something to buy .
 i 'm a ost lover , dont like commercial musics . For alot of years i 've been listening to movies , videogames & anime soundtracksthis one is just awesomea best buy !
 Yoko Kanno ist my best songwriter , I have all her Music collection
 Great love song album ! As if the title did n't already give it away , this is an awesome love album . Great for playing on date night or a quiet night at home with the one you love . Or if your like me you 'll even enjoy listening to it just whenever you get the opportunity . The instrumentals are so on point , really just a great album .
 I liked the music from this anime , and the songs are done by megumi hayashibara . So if you like songs from slayers and SM J , then you should get this soundtrack .
 This album certainly has jazz in it , but it seems to be more `` exploring '' music . Greg , -LRB- who wrote all the songs -RRB- experiments with the music . He takes each song & puts ideas into it that your usually would n't associate with a jazz standard . You can here each of the musicians explore & be creative here in a very nice way . When every you need music to relax to , this would be a good album to put on & enjoy . Greg , you need another album . The average musician -LRB- from what I have noticed -RRB- seems to put out an album every 2 or so years . So far , It has been 3 . We need more artists like Greg . They help keep the balance in music.Greg-all guitars & vocalsRob Wilkerson-saxophone -LRB- alto -RRB- Frank LoCrasto-keyboards -LRB- piano/arp/Rhodes -RRB- Ben Street-acoustic bassTom Crane-drums & percussionEnjoy !
 this is a good rock Cd . Something like Green day but they are n't playing Punk just rock .
 Total insane dub . I picked this baby up on a whim without ever hearing a Prince Far I track in my life . I am so happy I pulled the trigger on this one . If your into Burning Spear , Scientist , King Tubby , & Lee Scratch Perry , then go hit this album by Prince Far I. His voice is like a rastafari version of Taj Mahal / Tom Waits , which really grows on you . There is an excellant balance between his voice and the smoothe dubbed out band he assembled . Lots of Bass , good rythem , and interesting lyrics . Full package . I cant wait to pick up more of his stuff .
 This cd is a reissue of an excellent Prince Far I vocal LP from 1978 ... a real honest to goodness album . Though it is dubby and deeply mixed , what we are essentially dealing with is a band . The bass is deep and round , and the rhythms and grooves are double irie . Killer melodica and trombone flow dreamily over a roiling sea of bongo drums and skanking guitar . Far I is at his best throughout , intensely focused on his heady toasts/chants/recitations , preaching Jah righteousness and messages of love to the people of earth . Musicians include Sly & Robbie , Santa Davis , Chinna Smith , Bingy Bunny , Bongo Herman , Vin Gordon -LRB- Don Drummond Jr. -RRB- , and Bobby Kalphat on melodica . This really feels like the album that it is ... every song being part of the whole , with a righteous beginning , powerful middle , and refreshing end . Definitely one of the best and most cohesive Prince Far I listening experiences.Like all Prince Far I LPs , and most Jamaican LPs from the '70s , `` Long Life '' is about 33 minutes , but it is well , well worth it , and at this asking price it is actually a bargain . Remember , Prince Far I import discs of about the same length are going for almost twice as much . Frontline has remastered this music from the original session tapes , so the sound is superb . I 'd strongly advise anyone beginning to get into Prince Far I to check out the CDs that collect Far I 's original LPs in their entirety before anything else , including `` Health & Strength , '' `` Message From The King , '' `` Under Heavy Manners , '' `` Heavy Manners -LRB- 4 LPs on 2 cds -RRB- , '' `` Psalms For I , '' and of course `` Long Life . '' As far as dub albums , I 'd surely start with `` Dubwise . '' To sum it up , no Prince Far I experience is even close to complete without the mesmerizing set of righteous messages and sounds that is `` Long Life . '' Killer , five star perfection throughout .
 I used to think that Prince Far I 's CD `` Heath and Strength '' was my favorite , but that was until I heard `` Long Life . '' My reasons for declaring `` Long Life '' number one
 I 'd seen this composer 's name several times , but aside from his associations with Milhaud and Boulanger , I knew little about him . Perhaps it was because I had no particular expectations that I found the CD fresh and appealing . There is the distinct mark of South America on each piece , but suprising dissonances that co-mingle with Latin flourishes added something special . Sonatas 2 , 3 , 7 stand up well to repeated listenings , even if each appears to lose its way briefly before the baton comes down . 3.5 stars .
 I had James Rainwater -LRB- PJ -RRB- as my pastor for a year , and man , that was one of the best years I 've had . He is a terrific guy , and a fabulous singer . Besides Free to Go , PJ also has The Gallery , Another Christmas -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- , and A Gospel Collection . They 're all worth purchasing , and I highly recommend them all . If you get the chance to see one of PJ 's concerts , GO GO GO !!! You wo n't be disappointed .
 I had the utmost privilege attending Wewoka camp where James was pastor over the youth group . Each summer I got to hear Pastor James do special music and it 's one of the things I remember most about my times at camp . I was so happy when I first got Free to Go , one of the first ones to be distributed , before he started doing concerts and playing on radio stations ^_^ I still have it to this day , and it gets me through some hard times , especially the little memo on the back that says `` Always remember Candice , God is with you . ''
 Free To Go is one of the best Christian cd 's that has hit the market in years ! James Rainwater 's smooth voice makes it a pleasant listening experience , and the song lyrics are uplifting and beautiful ! Do n't buy just one , buy 2 and share with your friends who need to hear godly music . My favorites are Free To Go , the title cut , as well as Temporary Home -LRB- yee-haw ! -RRB- . You must get this cd , you will be blessed!If you get the chance to see him in concert , definitly go !
 This combination CD was brought to my attention as a result of a conversation on the haunting beauty of the song `` Heaven Can Wait '' . Yes , it is genuinely a masterpiece of songwriting , which is rare . But Mr. Carmen does this with shocking regularity . Other tracks which are equally as well-constructed and performed as `` Heaven Can Wait '' are `` Have n't We Come A Long Way '' and `` End Of The World '' . If you have already added `` The Definitive Collection '' to your collection , this combination CD will enable you to get to know at least 7 tracks that do not appear on `` The Definitive Collection '' .
 If you were an Eric Carmen fan , you probably enjoyed his 1977 lp , `` Boats Against the Current '' , and his 1978 release , `` Change of Heart '' . Both are decent albums but certainly not up to the standard of his 1976 lp , `` ERIC CARMEN '' , featuring the classic hits , `` All By Myself '' and `` Never Gon na Fall in Love Again '' . The medium hit , `` Sunrise '' was also on that album.A new CD company to me , AMERICAN BEAT , has released Eric 's second and third albums on one disc . Both these albums had one respectable hit -LRB- each -RRB- . `` SHE DID IT '' from `` Boats '' and `` CHANGE OF HEART '' from the Same titled album . `` Boats Against the Current '' was a tiny hit around the end of 1977 . To my knowledge , these albums have not been released before in the U.S. -LRB- I know you could buy expensive Japanese imports years ago , but at 35 minutes per lp , that was robbery ! -RRB- The CD quality is decent , but not extraordinary.The music is pleasant but not Eric 's best . However , for the price and the scarcity of these records , I 'd recommend this purchase if you are a fan of Carmen or even a seventies easy-listening fan . If you are satisfied with the big hits , I 'd recommend one of Eric 's compilations . He had one out on ARISTA five or six years ago which even included several of his hits with the Raspberries . That compilation is excellent !! The best songs from this two-fer CD are on the best of compilation . I give this a four star rating for the price and the availability of two long since forgotten albums of the late 70 's . I hope to see some more rare re-issues !!!
 It is really great to get these two Eric Carmen releases on a single cd . I have always been a big fan of Eric Carmen . There are a few Greatest hits cd releases available but his solo stuff is very rare . There are a couple of hits here but the other songs are great as well . I hope American Beat will continue to dig into the vaults for more of Eric 's solo work .
 I have long been an Eric Carmen fan . I had the song Love is all that Matters played at my wedding 28 years ago and this year my youngest daughter is getting married and will have it played at her wedding . The ability to order more obscure music from Amazon is great and the delivery time was amazing . Keep up the good work and keep us obscure music lovers happy !
 I 've been looking for Eric 's second album on and off for years . I 'd find an import , but I 'm not into paying $ 40 dollars for 40 minutes of memories . This twin pack of his second and third albums is well worth the price , even though the third album is truly a throwaway . Made at the height of disco fever , `` Change of Heart '' will transport you back to the seventies , but not in a good way . The production is disco-slick and the inclusion of `` Baby I Need Your Lovin ' '' was a telltale sign that Eric 's career was being driven by record company moguls instead of his heart . The only salvation on COH is Desperate Fools , a great song among the pap of `` Hey Deanie '' and the title track . Boats Against the Current , however , is some of Eric 's finest work . Mellow and introspective , the songs are a snapshot of where Eric 's head was at in the late seventies . This album should have catapulted him into superstar status , but the buying public was more into `` Disco Inferno '' than heartfelt love ballads . It 's too bad , because the failure of this album spawned Change of Heart . Every song on `` Boats '' is a keeper , especially the title track and `` I Think I Found Myself '' . Well produced and well played , `` Boats '' gives a glimpse of what the term singer/songwriter meant .
 I have all of the Raspberries & most of Eric Carmen 's albums on vinyl , so I 've been waiting many years for `` Boats Against the Current '' to be released on cd . There were big things expected of this follow up album to the very successful Eric Carmen 1st solo album , but it did n't pan out . That 's too bad because there are a lot of really good songs on this album , especially the title song , Marathon Man , Take it or Leave it & She Did It -LRB- very Beach Boy 's - ish . -RRB- Bruce Johnston -LRB- a long standing Beach Boy -RRB- appears on various songs on this album had a big influence on Eric 's songs on this album . I recall that this was a very expensive album to make for its time due to high production costs & release delays . Eric spent a lot of time & money using orchestra backing and lots of overdubs . Apparently the public did n't care enough to make this as popular as previous Carmen songs . Eric 's record label -LRB- Arista -RRB- did n't promote his future albums after this release , but I feel that anyone who like this artist at one time would n't be disappointed having this cd in their collection .
 This material can be found in any number of collections of Sinatra material from the early '40s . However , this single-disc anthology , in combination with the contemporaneously released disc `` Learn to Croon , '' in effect puts you there on the bandstand with the skinny , but tough and determined , young man , sitting in a chair in front of Buddy Rich 's drums and Tommy Dorsey 's trombone while awaiting his turn to go to the microphone . He does n't necessarily stand up prior to the song , because for the sake of the dancers the band has to take a purely instrumental chorus first . But do n't think for a moment that this fast learner with an attentive , trap-door mind was sitting impatiently . Instead , he was noticing and absorbing every note that Dorsey played -- and perhaps above he was marking all the points at which the golden-horned `` Sentimental Gentleman of Swing '' took his breaths . If you have any interest in Sinatra 's journey from Hoboken to bobby-soxer icon , this is essential listening , demonstrating how Sinatra acquired his legendary , `` breathless '' phrasing .
 a fine album to play if you REALLY want to hear what 1940 's big bands and crooners could do.there is one track previously unreleased ; all the remaining tracks are contained in the Dorsey/Sinatra 5-CD collection '' the Song is YOU `` HOWEVER , this is a worthwhile purchase as a good start , representative of that era -- the 5 disc set can come later ... the material is wonderful on this CDI recommended it very highly ! ! ... a septuagenarian music lover in U K
 ~ BEST SONGS FROM SONICTEAM ~ Tracks on CD : < NiGHTS > 1 . DREAMS DREAMS -LRB- Kids Version -RRB- < Christmas NiGHTS > 2 . DREAMS DREAMS -LRB- A-Cappella Version -RRB- < SONIC R > 3 . Super Sonic Racing4 . Can You Feel The Sunshine5 . Number One6 . Burning Hearts7 . We are Burning Rangers8 . I Just Smile < SONIC CD > 9 . Sonic-You Can Do Anything10 . Cosmic Eternity-Believe in Yourself11 . DREAMS DREAMS ~ Sweat Mix in Holy Night ~ The Sonic CD tracks are from the Japan version of Sonic the Hedgehog CD .
 I usally find Meyerbeer 's Grand Operas a bit of a bore , though they do have some magnificient pieces and real show-case material for great voices . This is a very different story
 I bought l'Etoile du Nord solely because Elizabeth Futral sang Catherine . Now it is probably the most played of my opera collection . Meyerbeer should not be so neglected - the music is quite lovely , the melodies memorable , the choruses stirring , and the arias , particularly Catherine 's various pieces , outright thrilling . The down-side is that it is a `` live '' recording -LRB- from the Wexford Festival -RRB- so that the sound is not terribly good . Principals seem to wander out of effective reach of the microphones from time to time . Some of the other voices are less than great - while Vladimir Ognev is superbly resonant as Peter the Great , the three tenor voices leave something to be desired , notably the ability to reach and hold the higher notes without warbling . Of course all of this matters little to a Futral fan
 Meyerbeer 's first op&eacute;ra - comique is work of great originality and charm . Even after the huge success of Le Proph&egrave;te -LRB- 1849 -RRB- , he was determined to realize this lifelong dream , and write a comic opera and L' &Eacute;toile du nord was the result . It is a brilliant ` military ' opera , the story of Peter the Great 's love for the Livonian peasant girl Catherine , turned into a fable of romantic love and dream fulfilment . The Star of the North becomes a symbol of Catherine 's glorious future as saviour of the tsar and crowned empress . The two thematic worlds are reflected in the overlapping spheres of romance and realism -- the Karelian village with its dreams and games and weddings , and the Russian military camp with its harsh behaviour , debauchery , cruelty , conspiracy and betrayal . Meyerbeer 's use of the symbolic themes , like the beautiful extended and gentle Theme of the Star , and the proud and pompous series of marches in act 2 , each capture a particular world.In this 1996 recording of L'Etoile du Nord the brilliant soprano Elizabeth Futral sings Catherine with accomplishment . This is now it is now among the most played of my opera collection . Meyerbeer should not be so neglected -- the music is quite lovely , the melodies memorable , the choruses stirring , and the arias , particularly Catherine 's various pieces , outrightly thrilling . Her charming entrance aria , prayer and barcarolle , the duet with Prascovia , and the famous Mad Scene , culminating in the aria with two flutes written for Jenny Lind , are all of the greatest originality and beauty -LRB- see also the U-Tube of Sumi Jo in this legendary piece -RRB- . The disadvantage is that it is a `` live '' recording -LRB- from the Wexford Festival -RRB- so that the sound is not as full as could be . Principals seem to wander out of effective reach of the microphones from time to time . Some of the other voices are less than great
 I make sure to watch Tim Williams live at least twice a month when he 's playing at Kaos.The man has brilliant control over his music , whether it 's playing a twelve string guitar or the mandolin . There 's a stunning style to the way he plays , an effortless drawl to his voice , and he can give some great between song banter.I 'd recommend checking out any of his stuff . It 's easy to see why he 's been around as long as he has .
 Tim Williams plays a raunchy blues guitar . He either finger picks or plays bottleneck on some old tunes . I saw him live twice this summer and his knowledge is abundant.His singing voice is a complement to his style . This guy has been around and knows a lot of mean licks . Anyone who plays this style should own some of his CD 's .
 We have often enjoyed Tim Williams live performances but when he is not playing in our vacinity , and whenever we feel we need a ` Tim fix ' this , and his other cds , is a wonderful substitute . This cd has brightened our day over and over again . Thank you Tim ... and keep writing , playing , performing live and recording .
 The name of composer , Anton Garcia Abril , is far from a household word . However , as this CD demonstrates , it is not because of lack of quality of his compositions.The Marco Polo label has taken on the task of releasing recordings of works by composers who have remained undeservedly obscure , or , in some cases , lesser known works by better known composers . In this case , it has made available works by Abril , which , in all liklihood , would have otherwise remained hidden away , and which we would have been denied the opportunity to hear . For this and other such recordings , Marco Polo is to be applauded.As a consequence , we can sit back and discover a new composer , whose works are an enjoyable and satisfying experience .
 Strong songwriting and interesting vocal arrangments adorn the lastest offering from the Fiendz . Jerry Jones ' thick , rich baritone voice is complimented very well by the voices of Zeckle , Joe and Tim doings the backgrounds . The arrangements vary from straight forward rock and roll with influences from Elvis Costello , Joe Jackson , and even Bee Bop Deluxe , to 50 's ballads . The addition of horns and Hammond Organ make this CD a must hear . Production and engineering are as always , top notch .
 I saw this movie when it first came out and thought it was first rate . I had never seen it since , so 30 years later I bought it and watched it with my wife . Both she and I are very tough movie critics.While the movie did seem somewhat `` dated '' we both completely enjoyed watching it . It was gripping and frightening . Even though it was a TV movie , the production was professional.As stated before , some viewers may find the film dated , with characterizations reflecting the lifestyle and politics of the late 70s and early 80s . Aside from that I would recommend this film to anyone .
 I saw this movie when it came out in 1983 . Afterward , it seemed to disappear . I could n't find a copy anywhere until I bought it at Amazon this year -LRB- thank you Amazon ! -RRB- . Looking back approximately three decades , it reminds me of the Cold War mentality of the times . It 's a great message about peace and it shows the perceived threat of nuclear war of that era . What 's both funny and amazing is that the technology seems so dated . They were broadcasting in analog with cables and poor reception , etc. . Look how far the communications industry has come so quickly . It 's a brilliant approach to make the scenes of the movie feel like real news and to make RBS seem like a real network . The `` acting '' was excellent - it hardly seemed like acting at all . All the characters were so believable . The expressions of the news anchors and the press secretary convey the tension beyond words . The scene with the young female reporter near the end of the movie just rips your heart out . I do n't think this movie ever got the credit it deserved - even though it did win an Emmy . Few people have ever even heard of this movie , I guess it scared people so much that it was never shown again . The movie grips you in many ways but the real `` kick in the gut '' to me is the scene where they lead with the story about Charleston and then move on to other troubles in the world , as if to say `` Oh well , life goes on . ''
 I remember seeing this when it was originally broadcast and it was one of the first TV movies -LRB- or any movie , for that matter -RRB- that addressed the modern -LRB- at the time -RRB- media coverage of disasters . Although the graphics are dated , this is still a timely story . A group of nuclear scientists build a bomb and hold the city of New Orleans hostage . They demand the dismantling of warheads and have them delivered to them for destruction in an attempt to start a worldwide movement to eliminate nuclear weapons . This is a very well written -LRB- by Edward Zwick and Marshall Herskovitz -RRB- script that deals with this situation in a very realistic manner . The network insisted on inserting graphics stating that this was a TV drama - they remembered the WAR OF THE WORLDS panic from the 1930 's - although anyone familiar with TV actors of the time would have recognized most of the excellent cast . This is one of Warner Brothers archive collection , a great idea that of that studio 's whereby they release little in demand films on DVD by request . It 's a bare bones disc , which in a way is unfortunate - a commentary and/or interviews with the cast would have been fascinating . It 's still well worth a purchase .
 This movie will have you on the edge of your seat for sure . If you like chills you will love this movie it does deliver tons of chills . I do wish they would come out with the DVD version . It certainly deserves it .
 SPECIAL BULLETIN -LRB- 1983 -RRB- dir . Edward Zwickapprox . 1 hour 40 minutesThis is an excellent movie about nuclear anxiety during the Cold War.It is shot to resemble a series of TV broadcasts , cutting between a newsroom and its correspondents . The story involves a group of anti-nuclear activists who threaten to set off a nuclear explosive in Charleston , South Carolina . They say that they will dismantle their own device if the government agrees to let them destroy a surplus of nuclear items being housed in the Charleston area . A newsman covering a nearby event is taken hostage , and the terrorists use his reporting equipment as a megaphone for their crusade . The terrorists declare a deadline when their bomb will explode if their demand is n't met . The movie grows more and more intense as the deadline approaches.The movie raises a lot of interesting questions , and not only about nuclear weapons . For example , there is a debate about whether or not the TV station should air any of the terrorists ' opinions , even if it makes them angrier . This is similar to the debates that occurred after several US newspapers published the so-called Unabomber manifesto in 1995 . When the station decides to broadcast live feed from the boat that the terrorists are occupying , it becomes clear that they are somewhat attention-starved and unstable . The station interviews several experts who analyze the situation , and one terrorists complains that he is being exploited by the media . It is never evident who is in control of the situation , or whether the media really did make matters worse -LRB- or how much of a choice they had in the matter -RRB- . The movie also shows that while the anti-nuclear fanatics shown are indeed terrorists , the possibility of nuclear flames is still a horrifying one.This movie certainly deserves to be on DVD!Director Edward Zwick went on to direct several big movies such as ` THE SIEGE ' and ` GLORY ' .
 An incredibly effective presentation . Awaiting a -LRB- remastered -RRB- DVD release of this feature , as well as a DVD of its nearest sibling , HBO 's COUNTDOWN TO LOOKING GLASS .
 Special Bulletin was one of the best TV movies ever made.One can only hope it will be out soon on DVD ...
 When this was first aired in 1983 , it was a frightening idea , that someone out there would have both the means and mentality to do something really bad for what they saw as a really good reason . We know that people like that are everywhere now . `` Special Bulletin '' pulls no punches anywhere , whether your target is extremism the government or the media . What are you willing to do to get your message out ? How do you respond to a threat ? What are ratings worth , and how do you handle the big situations ? When is a good time to show things and when is a bad one ? While the media then -LRB- and now -RRB- have no answers for this , -LRB- see `` 15 Minutes '' with Robert DeNiro and Ed Burns for more on this even though it 's not as good as Special Bulletin , sorry Bobby and Ed -RRB- you can see where their dilemma is . What is happening is definitely news , but should it be shown?If you watch much from the late seventies and early eighties , especially news and documentary video , you can see this is a piece locked in its time . The reasons for the events are not something you would see today . Do we still have nukes everywhere ? Yes , but the brinksmanship games are basically over . Here it is still the height of the cold war , and things are not looking pretty , and that includes the clothes and hair . Did people really look like these guys ? Yes.Ultimately this is a movie about scaring people . For real.Twenty years later it is a lot scarier than it was then .
 This is by far the best made for TV movie I have ever seen . Not only is the plot gripping but I like the way it looks at television and how TV covers events like this .
 Pranksters from Iowa City threaten the good people of Charleston SC with a jerry-rigged hydrogen weapon . Unless the Admiral gives up all 968 of his atomic toys , Charlestonians will learn the true nature of nuclear madness . Roxanne Harts glowing rendition of reporter Megan Barkley adds an unusual sub-plot to this eerie cinema
 One of the best made-for-TV movies I 've seen , gripping from beginning to end . You see the minute-by-minute unfolding of an atomic disaster just as it is reported in a live TV news broadcast . Unlike other TV movies that try to emulate theatrical films , `` Special Bulletin '' , due to the way it is presented , is truly made to be seen on TV for greatest impact .
 I saw this movie when it was broadcast 24 years ago , and have never forgotten it . Although I never mistook it for an actual broadcast of a terroristic event -LRB- comparisons to Orson Wells ' War of the Worlds notwithstanding -RRB- , the realism and plausibility of the story were truly frightening . Some of you may remember the commotion caused by the 1979 movie `` The China Syndrome , '' about the cover-up of a nuclear accident . That film was released just weeks before the nuclear accident at Three Mile Island . Just as then , I had a palpable sense of deja-vu when I saw `` Special Bulletin , '' and 24 years later , when terror struck in New York City on 9/11 , I was just 40 blocks away , and I thought `` it 's finally happening . '' Watch this movie - given today 's political climate , it will scare the socks off you .
 I enjoyed the realism and terrifying experience as if it were really happening . I saw this first as a little kid and it scared the death into me ! Very fine job ! If anyone else knows of any other realistic depictions like this movie , lem me know . Also check out `` The Last Broadcast '' .
 An also-ran TV network 's news operation contributes to a potential catastrophe as it becomes embroiled in a terrorist incident.The late Ed Flanders -LRB- St. Elsewhere -RRB- stars as a top news executive and anchor who takes to the airwaves and wo n't let go of live videocam coverage of a breaking story -- even as the coverage contributes to the crisis.Actress Kathryn Walker co-stars as the network 's lead female anchor . She performs the anchor role well , conveying intelligence , confidence , emotional investment , and rising doubt as the story spirals out of control.The fictional TV network 's fake commercials and low-budget production will have an especially familiar ring to audiences who recall NBC 's hard-luck days in the very early 1980s .
 After watching much media coverage of recent real-life events , `` Special Bulletin '' portrays , to me , such breaking stories as realistically now as when it first aired in the early ' 80 's . The presentation of this film , in videotape format instead of `` normal film '' , is quite haunting . It scared me to death when I first saw it in ' 83 , as a child , and even now I find it fascinating viewing . I definitely recommend it .
 Attacks on New York , attacks from within -LRB- Oklahoma City -RRB- ; it 's not a matter of if , it 's a matter of when . Hell , it 's already begun . The United States seems on a path that does n't give enough credit to terror from within , and terror from elsewhere . America does n't seem to nurture real care to any nation . Hiding behind the veil of the oft stated , `` We are a nation of laws '' . Well enough . We simply give billions , we never develop a bond with our friends , neutrals , or foes . A little bit of love would go much further than billions . I humbly propose a worldwide emergency response team that resembles military enscription - and helps peoples with as much touching , as money and technology . -LRB- And perhaps a Tupperware Party here and there -RRB- . So it 's not unthinkable that an unlikely crew of Americans demand to state thier case via terrorism . Made for TV film `` Special Bulletin '' , prophetically explores the anger of those who seek uni-lateral disarmement as a first step towards the reduction of Weapons of Mass Destruction . This film was made before the fall of Communism , and clearly cites the Soviet Union as a threat that can be de-escalated , if America makes a first bold , and trusting move . As the film shifts into high gear , it becomes clear the Administration will not capitulate to internal terrorists despite thier claim that they have a Nuclear Weapon , and will detonate it soon , unless America begins to dis-arm . The threat is initially brushed off as a hoax by the Administration , however , plans are actually being readied to storm the tugboat the terrorists are operating from , and where the bomb is allegedly housed . All this horror takes place in the context of a CNN-like broadcast . A television journalist and cameraman are abducted by the terrorists as a means of communicating with the authorities . From the anchor desk , the `` Dean '' of RBS News , and the female counterpart Sylvia , give a play-by-play , and color commentary , of the eminent destruction of an American city . Embedded within this intense drama , is also a satirical dark comedy inwhere we see many of the news staff being more concerned about thier appearence , than the tragedy they 're about to cover . Very interesting characters populate the terrorist ensemble ; a naive Social Worker , Military Strategist , Vietnam nut , Poet , Nuclear Scientist , and a shared hunger for peace ; and power . The tension mounts quickly both in the ship , and in the Government . A devastating ending serves as a distasteful desert . Shattering .
 I was 26 -LRB- 27 ? -RRB- when I saw this . It was intense then and it still is ; even with all of the `` mistakes '' . Those who think Made-for-TV-Movies are ordinary or average needs to see this . Supposedly , there were disclaimers when it aired , but I do n't remember them . The video is dated videotape quality . Seeing this brought back memories of watching `` The Day After '' on ABC ; uncut -LRB- the current DVD is an edited version -RRB- and with very few commercials -LRB- after the inital 1/2 hour , I do n't remember seeing any -RRB- . Some may not remember , but there were , at least , two more shows like this one ; one was of a failed Mars landing where the astronauts were killed by Martians and the other -LRB- which I remember was very engrossing -RRB- was of an alien visitation that goes wrong . I hope they will be releasing these soon ; particularly the latter.UPDATE
 This has always been one of the films I have watched again every couple of years or so . It 's a first class production . While obviously a period piece in terms of its news sets , clothes , etc. the subject matter is even more timely then when it was originally aired . We all learned why on 11 September 2001 . Broadcast news in all of its glory -LRB- and flaws -RRB- is candidly portrayed by this cast . The seeds of entertainment driven news packaging are sprouting after the RBS network gets its bearings . This has become standard practice at today 's network news operations during a crisis.I always knew that the fictional events here were possible . The events of 9/11 have brought a nightmare of mass murder like this into reality .
 A former Pentagon strategic weapons planner , a brilliant nuclear physicist , a social worker from Penn Valley , a poet , and a nut , combine to blackmail the US government . So far so good . Demanding uni-lateral dis-armament , our anti-heroes claim to have a nuclear bomb aboard the tugboat Liberty May ... . . '' . . and if our demands are not met , by 4:30 tomorrow afternoon ... this bomb will detonate ... and we will all know ... fear . . '' . Powerhouse cast and bristling dialogue . This realistic fake newscast can be seen as a tense drama , dark comedy , satire , and/or propaganda . -LRB- Pokes fun at the FBI too ! -RRB- A must see !
 In reading the previous reviews of this fine TV drama from what seems so long ago I am struck with the different take so many reviewers here have from that of the written reviews of the time . Great importance was then given to the increasingly direct video contact the network news reporters had with the terrorists , providing a stage for their actions and actually influencing the tragic outcome . Much was made of this theme at the time.This is a very well conceived and gripping drama of the cold war times . It deserves to be re-issued as DVD , or even re-done in its entirety .
 ... why does this cost almost $ 200 for one disc ? I recorded it onto VHS from the television in 1994 .
 This is a fictional news `` report - bulletin '' about an imaginary nuclear confrontation between terrorists and the police . It is presented as if it were `` REALLY '' happening ... And ... it is so good ... that if you did n't know you were watching a videotape . . you would SWEAR it was `` real '' . ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT!Right now , it 's only on VHS but get it and burn it on to a DVD.Hopefully they come out with a DVD edition of this . It is one of my ALL-TIME FAVORITE VIDEOS EVER!I give it 5 stars ONLY because I ca n't give it more . It deserves it .
 I remember like it was yesterday when I first saw this movie on TV . The TV and law enforcement dispatchers nationwide were flooded with frantic callers thinking it was real.There were several heart attacks and even some deaths due to the frenzy created from this flick in news reports the next day . Remember this was in the 80 's during tense nuclear/political times . -LRB- gee kinda like NOW -RRB- A very cleverly made movie.And based on how screwed up our U.S. government is , the end result WOULD be similar if this type of event really happened . A very thought prevoking , must see movie .
 How many films-made-for-TV do you remember being so compelling that scenes from it flash through your head 18 years later ? This is such a film.I remember the broadcast , and the constant reminders at commercial breaks that `` this is only a movie . '' And well they needed to issue such a warning
 I remember watching this movie as a senior in high school . It really stuck with me for years . When my off-the-air tape finally gave out , I had to order it.The look and feel of the film is an extremely accurate depiction of network news from the early 80 's . Other than Ed Flanders -LRB- St. Elsewhere -RRB- and Lane Smith -LRB- Lois and Clark -RRB- there are n't too many recognizable faces -LRB- David Rache starred in the short-lived ABC series `` Sledge Hammer '' and David Clennon currently appears in CBS 's `` The Agency '' -RRB- . This helps with the illusion of reality.The movie manages to get its message across by letting radical terrorists preach directly to a TV camera . It 's a tricky balance that they strike , because the filmmakers clearly sympathize with the terrorists views but obviously ca n't endorse their tactics.The only downside is the 80 's era TV-grade visual effects that take away from the impact of the ending of this otherwise powerful movie.While it would be interesting to see this movie re-made with up-to-date technology , that would probably not be a popular choice in post-9 / 11 America .
 I 'm very surprised that none of the reviews I read here mentioned the real point of this excellent movie , which was to show how the news media , in particular , a national TV network , is not just a passive observer anymore , like they used to be before The Future happened . Technology has made the news so live and direct , and small cameras can get so close , that the reporters become merged into the events they 're reporting on . They become part of the story and even change the outcome . The line between reporter and reported becomes blurry as the medium becomes the message.That 's the ONLY thing the film is about . Nuclear terrorism was just a skeleton to build that on . This film , made in ' 83 , probably had its genesis in events -LRB- recent then -RRB- like Cronkite crying in ' 63 , Rather vs. Nixon , Nixon 's media enemies list , Cronkite declaring the ` Nam war lost and LBJ realizing that if he had lost Cronkite , he 'd lost America , and the time The Washington Post reported that LBJ wanted to replace J. Edgar Hoover . This p1ssed JBJ off so much that he called a press conference and appointed Hoover head of the FBI for life , and told his aide `` Call Ben Bradlee and tell him FxUxCxK you . '' -LSB- except LBJ used the real word because he was n't writing a review at the shamefully censored Amazon . -RSB- -LSB- Spoiler Warning -RSB- We see this merging of medium and message at it 's extreme when the terrorists kidnap the reporter and his cameraman , and also have a small TV tuned to that station . There is now an information feedback loop . That loop -- presented as inappropriate and pathological -- is specifically what Special Bulletin is about.This information loop sucks the news anchor John Woodley into the story he 's reporting , and it puts the terrorists in a position to argue with him about their siege and about the network 's coverage of it . They mock him , and the broadcast story which they are the subject of . We see how easy it is for these volatile scientists who are in need of sleep and under tremendous stress to be emotionally affected by Woodley and his coverage of their story.We also see the fusion of media and message when the girl reporter experiences the nuclear blast while on air . There are little fires in the room and the windows are blown in , and she wanders in a daze covered in soot . She asks into the camera , to no one in particular , `` Are we going to die now ? Is the radiation happening ? `` This film is of the same high quality as Kubrick 's work . It should be shown in all journalism schools -- and probably is.If you liked this review , please vote it up . -- faye kane , idiot savant . Google me , then oogle me .
 IN 1988 , I BEGAN MY JOB AT 5AM . AS I DRESST TO GO , I HAD TURNED THE TV ON . THE MOVIE HAD BEGAN . MY FIANCE BROUGHT ME COFFEE ON HIS WAY HOME FROM HIS 3RD SHIFT JOB . HE TURNED THE SOUND UP AND WE BOTH WATCHT IN SILENCE.I WAS PUTTING ON PINK SOCKS -LRB- I DO REMEMBER THAT -RRB- ! WE LIVED IN NASHVILLE AT THE TIME , NOT FAR FROMTHE ` SITE ' OF THE ACTION . I WAS SO SCARED ! , I WAS WEEPING . I ASKT HIM IF I `` SHOULD GO AHEAD & PICK UP THOSE SICK PEOPLE & TAKE THEM TO DIALYSIS ? '' `` SHOULD WE JUST STAY TOGETHER ? NO PLACE TO HIDE OR OUTRUN THE INEVITABLE '' ! . I WAS EXTREMELY DISTRAUGHT . WE DID DECIDE TO STAY W / OUR RESPECTIVE SCHEDULES AS LONG AS POSSIBLE . I REMEMBER SAYING `` MAYBE THIS IS A BIG JOKE ON EVERYONE . '' I THOUGHT ED FLANDERS WAS WALTER CRONKITE ? NO ONE LOOKT LIKE tv STARS ... I PICKT UP MY PATIENTS & DELIVERED THEM TO THE CENTER . NONE OF THE NURSES LOOKT UPSET . I CALLED HOME , AND WAS TOLD BY MY FIANCE , THAT HE 'D LOOKT AT THE STATION TO THE END , AND IT WAS `` JUST '' A MOVIE . WE NEVER SAW THE DISCLAIMERS ? I JUST JUST KNEW `` JUDGEMENT DAY '' HAD ARRIVED . & . . I LEARNED TO TRY TO `` STAY READY '' . TOMMORROW IS NOT PROMISED . THIS IS AN ABSOLUTELY UNFORGETTABLE MOVIE ! ESPECIALLY IN 1988 , AT FOUR O'CLOCK AM IN THE PREDAWN HOURS ... . O3/13/03 PEGGYROSEINWOODS
 Multi-tasking made for TV movie successfully stirs drama , horror , parody , and truly disgusting racial slurs , into a wonderland of insightful entertainment . The post-war Japanese are sure `` warm '' , have `` rosey red lips '' , and `` glowing '' personalities . -LRB- I laughed so god damn hard ! -RRB- So to the chase
 ... And thus this TV movie.The terrorists ' demands and MO do n't seem all that far-fetched , given the climate of opinion of the time . This was a time when the nastiest terror cells operating in the First World tended to be intellectual political-theoretical types , committed to the Radicalisation of the Masses -LRB- the Bader-Meinhoff Gang , the Red Army Faction , the Symbionese Liberation Army , the Weathermen ... -RRB- rather than people who actually had something resembling a real grievance.And so a group of people have decided to dramatise the danger of nuclear weapons ; if they are not allowed to strike a symbolic , internationally-acknowledged blow against the nuclear-war-machine , they will strike a REAL blow that will , they hope , bring the realities home to the masses.And so the stage is set for tragedy . `` Special Bulletin '' is , intentionally , made to look as much like real television news coverage as possible -- unlike most TV movies , it is shot on video rather than film -LRB- In fact , i would n't be at all surprised if the image was n't intentionally slightly degraded to emphasise that it WAS tape , not film -RRB- . While a lot of people may not actually be able to describe what the differences between a film image and a video image are , they are perceptible to almost anyone , and the mind , consciously or otherwise , identifies the video image with `` real TV '' and the film image with `` movies '' . Another thing that helps to create the rather scary level of verisimilitude in this film is the fact that it is paced like real TV ; its rhythm is keyed to commercial breaks , and this enhances the realism of the revreation of the staccato , punchy nature of television news coverage , both when Something Is Happening and in those long stretches when you have had nothing actually new in hours , but you ca n't just let the story go , if only because the Competition might get a ratings jump on you if something new happens and they 're able to go live with it faster than you . -LRB- We saw both of these aspects in the recent coverage of the DC-area sniper story . -RRB- -LRB- -LRB- This film is so tied to its commercials that , when a local science-fiction club decided to use it as a program item , they wound up adding one award-winning or blooper-reel commercial at each break , because without the spots it just did n't work . -RRB- -RRB- Aside from the video imagery and the pacing , there is the fact that the production makes use of realistic sound effects , especially the the flat , popping sound that real gunshots have when recorded , and the familiar sound of voices just off-mike , discernible but muffled.One mistake , i feel , that was made was the use of a video-generated special effects shot for the climactic moment of the film ; maybe that 's what such a blast WOULD look like on video , but it does n't match my memories of footage of actual open-air atomic test shots.But the aftermath footage is chilling ... -LRB- I have read complaints that the electro-magnetic pulse effects of the blast should render TV equipment that close to Ground Zero in operative ; i do n't know -- this is a very small burst , and remote-news equipment is built pretty tough ... -RRB- And the visuals and account of the after-effects that we hear as a follow-up story are at once frightening , heart-breaking , accurate and a pointed reminder of just how insufficient anything we could realistically expec to be able to do to take care of casualties and destroyed cities from anything other than an isolated incident would be ... Grim , scary , still a valid cuationary tale -LRB- though the potential nuclear terrorists might have different motives and might strike without warning , the results would be the same ... -RRB- and brilliantly done.Deserves a DVD release , perhaps with historical material about the Cold War and the terrorists of the day ...
 The whole `` movie '' is done to try and not be a movie at all . In the spirit of H.G. Wells and `` War of the Worlds '' this ` movie ' attempts to seem like an actual news broadcast . You watch as a normal news day turns into a national crisis . A group of anti-nuclear activists has assembled a make-shift atomic device of comparable yield to the ones that destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki . Thier demands are US nuclear disarmament , in the hopes that if they forced the US to make the first move , the USSR would follow suit by disarming in turn . The plot is n't very plausible , even by 80 's standards , but the film is interesting and enjoyable to watch.The special effects in the movie are n't bad , considering the era and the very very very low budget the film must have had . It 's interesting to see the news personel changing attitudes , as they slowly begin to grasp the reality of the situation and begin to have a sort of epiphany that the news they report is n't just pictures and facts that do n't effect them , it 's real.This is n't really something to watch if you 're looking for a great movie , but it was enjoyable , especially to anyone who has an interest in nuclear weapons and the politics there of -LRB- or the 80 's for that matter -RRB- and anyone who likes an out of the ordinary , creative film.Also may work as a good practical joke , to put in the VCR on New years eve without telling anyone and wait to see if they can tell that something isnt right LOL . Probably would n't work , being the clothing and reporting style is CLEARLY not 2002 , but hey .
 This is a fairly unique and highly-praised TV movie designed , like Orson Welles ' radio broadcast of WAR OF THE WORLDS , as if it were real coverage of a nuclear terrorist event on the East Coast of the U.S. . More realistic than its contemporary , THE DAY AFTER , this film scared the network enough that they kept running disclaimers throughout its presentation stating that it was not an actual news event . If that description and the subsequent Emmies are n't enough to whet your appetite , I 'd say this is just that much more scary in the post-9 / 11 era . Not a well known TV movie , but it seems even less like fiction now with its urban nuclear terrorist threat and non-stop news coverage of the events . Worth seeing .
 If Orson Welles had been in the prime of his career in the early 1980 's , he may very well have been the lead anchor in `` Special Bulletin '' , an homage to Welles ' classic , panic-inducing `` War of the Worlds '' that has been updated for the nuclear age . The basic premise surrounds the news coverage by the fictional RBS network of a tense standoff in a harbor in Charleston , South Carolina , between authorities and domestic terrorists aboard a tugboat . What is it the terrorists want ? Through the use of the news crew they took hostage , they insist on a forum to air their demands . Specifically , the United States government must disarm all nuclear weapon devices in the Charleston area and bring the detonating devices to the tug boat where the terrorists will take them out to see and dispose of them . If their demands are not met , they will EXPLODE A NUCLEAR BOMB that they have on board to boat !! They give until 4:30 pm the day after the initial skirmish to meet their demands , or the bomb will detonate at 6 pm . The news coverage proceeds very much like one would expect during such a crisis , complete with speculation on if the threat was real , press conferences on the government 's reaction , scientific analysis of the effect of the bomb if it explodes , and biographies and psychoanalyses of the terrorists . In fact , the coverage was so authentic that local television affiliates were flooded with calls from panicky Charleston residents who wanted to know if this was really happening -LRB- in spite of constant disclaimers that this was not an actual event -RRB- . The tension truly begins to mount as the deadline draws close and there still has been no word on if the government with adhere to the demands . Just after the first deadline passes , the government announces that they will be sending all the detonators to the tugboat . As the terrorists cheer the approach of the trucks that supposedly carry the detonators , there video feed in the tugboat is knocked off-line to conceal the team of Special Forces commandos boarding from the other side of the ship . A brief , but fierce , firefight ensues , leaving the terrorists either dead or captured . With the boat now secure , it is up to the nuclear bomb squad to disarm the weapon before it detonates . Alas , as the final deadline grows closer , they trip one of the anti-tamper devices and the bomb explodes . It 's a truly horrifying moment caught on tape that leaves one feeling as though they just witnessed a huge atrocity . In the aftermath of 9/11 , such a film is even more chilling . `` Special Bulletin '' is an excellent cautionary tale of the effects of the news media , terrorism , and the nuclear threat all rolled together .
 This film is a real sleeper and its presentation is virtually unique.The film depicts a shattering and momentus news event unfolding as it would be viewed if you were watching CNN . The film is way ahead of its time , and offers some alarming and shuddery scenes of an event that could certainly happen.It was a film I will never forget , and one that I highly recommend .
 Special Bulletin is a TV movie about nuclear bomb threat in Charleston S.C. and how on television network responses to crisis , when one of their newcrews becomes in invovled . I really liked this movie , because of the way that the network reacts to the crisis . In the beginning there is concern for the hostages , but as the continues you see graphics and music being developed . And it becomes less about the hostages and more about get the story . Overall its a good movie .
 The whole nuclear-thriller aspect of this film is fairly suspenseful , but `` Special Bulletin '' succeeds most as an accurate depiction of network news . -LRB- Within a few hours , the nuclear hostage situation has its own theme song and computer graphics . -RRB- Well-acted -- and shot on video for further verisimilitude -- this gem is one of the great made-for-TV movies of all time .
 Patterned after a real news network broadcast , The network actually announced during each station break that `` This is a fictitious story '' , etc. . But as I remember viewing it for the first time , until the first commercial , seeing the alternate CNN-type network with ` BREAKING NEWS ' and reporters scrambling about actually instilled real fear in me which I have not felt before or since during any cinematic experience . Honestly , I have laughed at movies like `` The Exorcist '' . The vastly more popular -LRB- but lousy -RRB- mid - '80s film `` The Last Day '' paled in comparison to this film , which seems to have disapeared like a fart in a hurricane , most likely for scaring too many people.The evolving profile of the terrorist/mastermind is as chilling as any modern , real profile of Al Queda . Remember , this feature was made almost 20 years before the current proliferation of reality-based television . A Very , Very , interesting and ground-breaking film .
 `` Special Bulletin '' was a three decade old TV movie depicting the use of a nuclear bomb by a group of scientists to extort authorities . The scientists ' motives are ostensibly peaceful , but things go horribly wrong as their `` best laid plans '' go horribly `` agly . `` Told from the point of view of a TV news bulletin covering a real live event , we see the events being depicted as though we 're watching a real event being covered by CNN or Fox News on our home TV sets -- with technical glitches thrown in for authenticity 's sake.Dated , but still entertaining today . The flavor of terrorism has certainly changed -- but the horrid potential it represents has only worsened since .
 So there I was , sitting in my apartment in Chapel Hill -LRB- Carrboro , actually -RRB- , flipping channels on the TV , when I came across this breaking news report about a group of crazy liberals threatening to detonate a nuclear device in Charleston harbor . It 's sort of embarrassing , but I have to admit that it scared the bejesus out of me for a few minutes - until I flipped over to CNN and the networks and saw that they were n't covering any such story , asked myself what the heck the RBS network was , and realized that I was tuned in to the Lifetime Channel . -LRB- The movie originally aired on NBC in 1983 , but I have no memory of that original broadcast . -RRB- Fifteen minutes into the film , I should note , a disclaimer does appear on the screen assuring viewers that the events being dramatized are not in fact happening . It certainly made for interesting conversation the next day , and I have been dying to see this film again ever since then -LRB- it still has n't been released on DVD -RRB- . The beauty of Special Bulletin was the fact that the movie was designed to play exactly as if it were an actual live news event - complete with technical problems , reports from correspondents in Charleston and Washington , D.C. , announcements from political leaders , etc. . Watching it again now , I have to laugh about it because it 's obviously low budget and some of the acting really was n't all that good . Still , it boasts a brilliant concept for a film , and , now that I 've finally rediscovered this movie , I know I 'll be watching it on and off for many years to come . Even when you know it 's fiction , it still makes for compelling viewing.As for the story , you have this group of five terrorists -LRB- led by two former defense scientists -RRB- who take over a tugboat in Charleston harbor , engage in a firefight with the Coast Guard , take two Guardsmen as well as a journalist and his cameraman hostage , and demand a live network feed . In an effort to get the hostages released , the RBS network gives them what they want , at which time they demand that all trigger devices on nuclear weapons housed in the Charleston area be brought to them for destruction . This act of unilateral disarmament , they argue , will surely inspire the Soviets to follow their lead . If their demands are not met , they then announce , they will detonate their own nuclear device right there in Charleston . Government spokesmen cast doubts upon the truth of the threat early on , but the tension soon ratchets up as more and more evidence comes to light indicating that this terrorist threat could very well be frighteningly real.The film raises a number of fairly obvious and important questions . Should a network be permitted to hand over a live feed to terrorists , for any reason ? What would the government do in such a case of nuclear blackmail ? Would we stick to our policy of never dealing with terrorists , even if it meant the destruction of a major American city ? Would the government undertake the logistical nightmare of evacuating such a large city ? At one point , the network hosts even get in to a debate with the terrorists themselves about the influence of the media on something like this.Obviously , Special Bulletin now looks and feels its age , but the issues it addresses are more pertinent than ever before - and it still delivers quite a thrilling conclusion . This made-for-TV movie will always be a cult favorite in this reviewer 's heart .
 This NYC group has authentic early reggae/rocksteady sound . The music features great organ and tight rhythm section . The lyrics are just right for the mood of each song . Includes a brilliant rocksteady version of Johnny Cash 's `` Long Black Veil '' -- best remake of this classic song I 've heard . If you did n't know , you ` ld swear it was the late 60s and you were catching Jamaican radio broadcasts .
 What a delightful album this is ! There are others on which Egberto Gismonti plays more skillfully , but to my ears , at least , this is the Gismonti album that hangs together best as a unit.Like Miles Davis 's * Kind of Blue * , this is a wonderful album to play late on a hot summer night , when no one is sleepy but no one feels like doing anything more than listening
 Gismonti has been amazingly prolific in making many great albums from early 70 's up to mid 90 's . Typically , his music is somewhat `` rough '' but very powerfull , emotive , rich , risky and bold during all the 70 's . It is mostly acoustic work with many Gismonti 's vocals too . It is a little difficult to access because of the complexity ; but once you are in , it will stay with you forever . Most of this earlier work is under EMI or lately reissued under Gimsonti 's CARMO labels.The 80 's are a transition period from pure acoustic to a mix between acoustic and electric instruments ; Gismonti 's vocals tend to disapear . Typically , the music becomes less provocative and more polite than earlier Gismonti 's work . It is somewhat more civilized and more easy to access . Yet , the music remains highly sophisticated and creative ; but with little less -LRB- good or bad ? -RRB- surprise . Lots of these albums are under ECM label.The 90 's are a period where Gismonti 's Group was founded . The music move towards more classical style
 I first came across this 30 years ago when it was new . My old LP was getting pretty tired sounding so I was happy to find it on CD . Gismonti 's piano and guitar work are equally amazing . This guy is a real talent .
 I know Egberto 's music for a long time , but for one reason or another I am only listening to this album in 2012 . What a great album !!! As I am listening to Coracao , I am taken to a peaceful , yet complex , apex of Jazz music - actually , of just music ! - this album is a masterpiece , in my opinion to the same level as , say Beethoven 's 5th Symphony .
 Por primera vez pude oir este disco en 1981 y causo una gran impresion en mi , para ese entonces existia un vacio en lo concerniente al jazz -LRB- vacio por la ausencia de un Miles Davis , John Coltrane -RRB- . Solo algunos como Keith Jarret , Kenny Wheeler , Hermeto Pascoal ya lograban alcanzar esa cima de superlatividad , cuando aparece , para mi , el gran Gismonti , -LRB- que ya habia grabado algunos excelentes , por no decir los mejores discos en Brasil -RRB- va a Oslo y graba este disco con el sello ECM en 1977 , junto a su percusionista que se lleva de la tierra natal , Nana Vasconcelos un virtuoso , y ademas se junta con jazzistas de avanzada , nada menos que Ralph Towner quien toca la guitarra de 12 cuerdas en 2 de las 8 piezas que tiene el CD ; Collin Walcott en la tabla para el `` Raga '' segunda pieza del disco y la gran saxofonista Jan Garbarek en la composicion titulada `` Cafe '' . Gismonti quien es mas conocido por su virtuosismo en el piano , de hecho en este disco graba solo 2 piezas con ese instrumento , se enfoca mas bien con la guitarra -LRB- de 8 cuerdas -RRB- , como lo hacia previamente en sus grabaciones del Brasil , ademas utiliza el Kalimba y una flauta de madera -LRB- me imagino que hecha por alguna tribu de indios del interior -RRB- y canta con su seductora voz en tres de las piezas . La grabacion es de primera , los solos son geniales , las composiciones son buenas todas , de los discos de Gismonti grabados en Europa a mi juicio este es el mejor , eso si , hago la salvedad , los discos grabados en Brasil son insuperables -LRB- p. e. coracoes futuristas , EMI -RRB-
 BALTIMORE REASONS is Arty Hill 's acoustic album from 2004 . A later CD , BACK ON THE RAIL , includes a lot , but not all , of these songs . I love Arty Hill . His singing is not `` pretty '' but it 's warm , infectious , and honest . His acoustic guitar playing is not fancy , but it is tight and a perfect accompaniment for his songs . And I love his songs . I was going to list my favorite songs , but that would be most of them.Arty Hill 's music is a combination of rock ` n ' roll , country , and rockabilly with BALTIMORE REASONS having a more folky feel than his later CDs by virtue of its accousticity -LRB- why not ? -RRB- . Hill has taken his place with Bill Kirchen among my favorite players of this type of music , and while I 'm sure that I 'll eventually stop listening daily to the CD , it wo n't be anytime soon . Unreservedly recommended .
 This CD is a great way to introduce yourself to 4Him if you have never heard them . It is also simply a great collection of songs of faith . These songs have inspired me in the some of the key times in my life . Pick this CD up you wo n't be disappointed .
 -LRB- Please note
 This group typifies the energy of the Irish culture that has moved throughtheir music choice and brought the product to world class performance .
 First , let me say this
 Humbled by the opportunity to be the first of -LRB- I believe -RRB- many who will praise this disk . With apologies for all the afro-cuban music I have n't heard , this is the best I 've ever heard . It sounds like an inspired gathering of these legendary performers on a day when everyone was very , very into the groove , muy muy en el gran tumbao.I would compare it with some of the best American jazz albums I 've ever heard -LRB- vintage Lester Young , Holiday , Armstrong , Oscar Peterson -- in their modes -RRB- . I believe it might be a superb introduction to afro-cuban because the rhythmic layers are , in this case , transparent -- you hear these rhythms as the modes of musical thinking they have always been . But the horns , flutes and tres -LRB- sort-of guitar -RRB- lines `` overhead '' are the best I 've ever heard in this genre , particularly Chocolate 's trumpet solo on `` Tin Tin Deo . ''
 This second release by the Conga Kings is a descarga -LRB- jam -RRB- dream.Well recorded at St.Peter 's Church in NYC it features the virtuosic , energized playing by three of the greatest percussionist in Latin music history . Candido Camero , Patato Valdez and Giovanni Hidalgo all contribute tasty solos and energetic playing . The arrangements are superb and highlight the excellent tunes the band chose to cover . I got this one in the SACD multi-channel format and it sounds excellent . Highly recommended in any format . This is what Latin Jazz is all about !
 This Cd is a great chance to know the Afro-Cuban Music in your best executations . Listen the trio playing makes me think `` Yeah ! I wan na know this place ! ''
 In their second album for Chesky , `` THE CONGA KINGS '' prove they are the Conga Kings . Candido , Patato and Giovanni are at their best in this sequel and now this magnificent ensemble got even better with Chocolate Armenteros on trumpet . His performance on Chano Pozo 's `` Tin Tin Deo '' is one of his very best ever.Don ' t miss this great CD by `` THE CONGA KINGS '' , I guarantee it will become a favorite in your collection !
 This ACE reissue of the original KENT lp complete with its original artwork and sleevenote plus 6 additional tracks is a `` sampler '' of sides recorded for the MODERN label between 1948-1954 . The majority of the tracks are just Hooker and guitar , but also features James Watkins -LRB- piano -RRB- on LET YOUR DADDY RIDE , Buddy Johnson -LRB- organ -RRB- on COLD CHILLS OVER ME , Eddie Kirkland -LRB- guitar -RRB- on JUMP ME ONE MORE TIME and BABY I 'M GON NA MISS YOU . RIDE 'TIL I DIE features Johnny Hooks -LCB- tenor sax -RRB- , Boogie Woogie Red -LRB- piano -RRB- and Jimmy Turner -LRB- drums -RRB- . I NEED LOVE SO BAD features Otis Finch -LRB- tenor sax -RRB- , Bob Thurman -LRB- piano -RRB- , Eddie Kirkland -LRB- guitar -RRB- and Tom Whitehead -LRB- drums -RRB- . THE SYNDICATOR features Otis Finch -LRB- tenor sax -RRB- , Bob Thurman -LRB- piano -RRB- and Tom Whitehead -LRB- drums -RRB- . Unfortunately the bass player on these last 3 tracks is `` unknown '' ! All in all a very satisfying cd . Highlights , for me , are the band numbers , particularly the tenor sax ones , 'cause they really COOK ! However , the eerie COLD CHILLS with Buddy Johnson 's organ is a showstopper ! Also , Eddie Kirkland 's guitar is just masterful and he even contributes on vocal on LET 'S TALK IT OVER . ` Nuf said !
 If it 's possible to wear out a CD , then that will happen with this one in our house .
 Like a cherry blossom reflected in a crstal pond on a spring day .
 You know those CDs that never leave your cd player ? Well , Lifestyle 's `` at the risk of sounding pretentous '' is one of those . From the quirky other-worldness of `` your gon na make it today '' to the sweet ending of `` lover/lawyer '' , this album is a synth-pop feast through and through . Plus , Lifestyle is the perfect musical addition to spice up a party . buy this and you wont regret it ...
 lifestyle , from Boston I believe , are the reincarnate New Romantics , but with an ever so subtle hint of irony . This record is full of dramatic pop stylings and hooks that would make anyone dance . These guys are poised to make adolescent teenage girls swoon with their pretty boy hair and snazzy attire . A must for fans of Duran Duran , ABC , Human League , The Bee Gees -LRB- oddly enough -RRB- , and sexy swaggering swingers of the sixties like Tom Jones .
 i love it ! u can really just listen to it and not get bored . its one of my favs .
 I purchased the Ventures `` Alive Five-O Hits Live '' CD and most certainly was not disappointed . I have been a Ventures fan for over 40 years . I grew up with them and they were good back then . Well , they are still around , and yes they are STILL very good . This CD is full of Live versions of all of their best songs . It is truly excellent . If you are looking for good guitar music , I would highly recommend purchasing this CD .
 This two-CD set , recorded between 1990 and 2002 includes all of the instrumentals that made the Ventures and that the Ventures made famous . In terms of the earliest Ventures hits , such as `` Walk , Do n't Run '' and `` Perfidia , '' the original studio recordings just do n't stand up to the remakes and the various live versions that have been issued over the years , so Alive Five-O is a very good `` greatest hits '' collection . The flaw is that these recordings were collected over such a long time period . This results in a slight lack of uniformity of sound , and also means that Mel Taylor plays drums on only some of the tracks . His son , Leon , is a very good drummer , but if its the classic lineup that you are looking for , you only have it on some of the tracks . Likewise , Nokie Edwards was the definitive Ventures lead guitarist , but appears only on some of the tracks . Gerry McGee is good , but there 's some intangible garage-ish virtuosity that 's apparent in Edwards 's work that you just do n't hear on the other recordings . In terms of consistency of sound , intensity level , and a live recording by the classic Ventures lineup , Live in Japan '65 is THE album to buy . And , there 's not much besides `` Hawaii Five-O '' that is missing from the earlier live album . In its favor , though , Alive Five-O proves that the Ventures still could rock with the best of them and thrill audiences decades after their first run of hits .
 possibly the best over-view of the ventures music . excellent fidelity.perfect for any summer , or even half-way warm weekend.buy the ice , fill the cooler , call your your buds & park some cars in the drive.turn the VENTURES up LOUD!collect your kids , their kids , give them buckets of soap , rags , brushes , wax , & get them to detail the cars.tell the kidz there is a groove & when they feel it , they will understand something beyond words ... assure them that one day , if all goes well , they will be popping cool brews & pointing their own children toward the happiness of sun & surf .
 Most of the songs on the Second CD & House of the Rising Sun on the first CD have Nokie Edwards on lead which makes a BIG difference . While Bob Bogle & Jerry McGee are very good , Nokie 's guitar playing is on a much higher level . Even today at age 72 Nokie still has the chops . He was Buck Owens orginal lead guitar player -LRB- Pre-Don Rich -RRB- & while is first love has always been CW Music , surf pays the bills ! i would concur the mid 1960 's LIVE Japan concert has more energy , they are better players today . How the Ventures could NOT be in the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame is unbelieveable !!!
 The long-lived J&aacute;n Levoslav Bella -LRB- 1843-1936 -RRB- wrote several operas and large-scale choral and orchestral works , but is currently represented in the catalogue -LRB- as far as I know -RRB- only by his chamber and piano music . Based on the available music , however , further exploration of the composer seems to be warranted -LRB- Sterling , for instance ? -RRB- . Despite the heavy reliance on Schumann and Dvorak -LRB- sounding sometimes a little too much like a watered down version of the latter -RRB- , Bella was clearly a skilled and imaginative composer - inventively employing Slovak folk music , for instance - and the disc here is thus very welcome.The e minor quartet is a relatively early work , dating from 1871 , and rather conservative although very well-crafted . The opening movement begins with a bold first subject asserted by the first violin leading to a gentler second and closing theme going through the usual contrapuntal twists and turns - but with some creative modulations and gestures . The Adagio makes inventive use of a lyrical theme first given by the viola , but the material is n't quite distinguished enough to make a real impact . The third movement is a lilting and rather attractive scherzo while the fourth opens with a largo and launches , predictably enough , into a fugue based on the secondary theme before reaching a triumphant conclusion . It is overall a fine and enjoyable , if not very memorable , work , worth a listen or two but not much more.The B flat major quartet - Bella 's last - dates from 1887 , and is altogether a stronger work . The first movement is in classical form , but has some clear and boldly characterized themes which are subjected to a skillfully wrought development and recapitulation . The wistfully lyrical Andante sostenuto is also eminently worthwhile and the Scherzo movement well-crafted , tonally ambiguous and quite attractive . The final movement rondo is more four-square , but still fine enough . The Notturno for string quartet dates from 1930 and is somewhat - but not much - more forward-looking harmonically . The first movement , at least , subjects its C minor theme to some interesting chromatic explorations , while the a minor second movement Larghetto is darkly wistful and reflective . The final movement is based on a folk theme , imaginatively used in a harmonically ambiguous setting . Overall , this is a rather interesting work , and probably the most worthwhile on the disc.The Moyzes Quartet provides generally very fine and sure-footed performances , if a little rough around the edges - some of the movements could need a slightly warmer , fuller string tone , but they are generally more than satisfiable . In sum , this is a very recommendable release - especially to fans of Dvorak 's chamber music - of worthwhile music from a composer worth exploring further .
 I was a little skeptical when I bought this CD , but as soon as I listened to it , it quickly became one of my favorite CDs . I really like the variety of all the music of the game -LRB- everything ! Techno , R&B , cutesy pop , rap , funk -RRB- , and this is definetly the best game music CD money can buy . If you have already played Bust A Move 2 , then you know how great the music is -LRB- MUCH better than Dance Dance Revolution , I think ! -RRB- , and if you have n't , what are you waiting for ? You really wo n't regret buying this ! I recommend `` Moonlight Party -LRB- Kelly 's Theme -RRB- '' and `` Hello ! -LRB- Kitty-N 's Theme -RRB- '' . I Hope you like it !!
 This is definetly the best game music I have heard in a LONG time ! I really like the variety of all the songs -LRB- a little of everything - rap , cutesy pop , disco , R&B , techno -RRB- and how each character has their own song and stage . I was a little skeptical buying it at first , but I grew to love it . Definetly check out `` Moonlight Party '' -LRB- Kelly 's Theme -RRB- and `` Hello ! Kitty-N '' -LRB- Kitty-N 's theme -RRB- . It is a little expensive but it is really worth it !
 This entire CD is wonderful listening pleasure , but what makes it outstanding is Gaby Van Riet playing the Flute Concerto . Her tone is so pure and beautiful it gives you the chills - it 's mesmorizing , and her technicality is superb -LRB- this is not an easy piece to play -RRB- . This is an absolute must listen musical treat !
 There is n't really much to say about this except that it 's great for techno . It has the hardcore songs that will pump your brain and some soft that can generate doubt and amazement in your mind . It 's a great CD overall .
 Perhaps one of the greatest sidescrolling shooters of all time , einhander had amazing graphics , gameplay , and of course , music . If your a fan of the game or just enjoy techno music , this cd is a great choice . The cd has 29 tracks , all exactley as they were heard in the game , and each one is a excellent audio experience . The songs on here are definetley some of my all time favorites , and I would definetly reccomend this one to anyone whose a fan of game music .
 Einhander was a rare offering from a game developer taking a gamble playing an off-suit ; Squaresoft was attempting to branch out from its RPG base -LRB- an experiment that proved ultimately unsuccessful -RRB- . The result was an amazingly satisfying take on the side-scrolling shooter , with unique gameplay , innovative 21/2 - D graphic effects , and of course , an awesome soundtrack that kept the action thumping along . This was a simpler time in video games , where expectations for game soundtracks were still being set by the MIDI beeps and boops of the 90 's , and `` real '' music in the background was in its infancy . -LRB- Wipeout XL , the pioneer in this regard , was 2 years old at the time . -RRB- Kenichiro Fukui 's techno beat is laid down in game-sequential order , with the exception of a couple of recurring boss battle themes that are placed toward the end of the compilation . Overall this is pretty straightforward -LRB- albeit addictively catchy -RRB- electronica fare , though it is more stop-and-go trance than danceable house , particularly in the `` down time '' tracks . Because of the direct correspondence to the game 's flow , the soundtrack is almost exclusively comprised of alternating aggressive and atmospheric offerings ; depending on the environment in which you are listening , this can either be a nice change of pace or distracting . There 's also no attempt to flow between tracks -- with one exception , the tracks loop and fade away -- but that 's a minor niggle.Highlights are track 8 -LRB- Badlands -RRB- , 10 -LRB- Warning -RRB- and 12 -LRB- Factory -RRB- for adrenaline , and 13 -LRB- Dawn -RRB- for a reprieve , but the album is almost universally strong , and most tracks stand on their own . Occasionally , the video game soundtrack aspect works to the disc 's disadvantage -LRB- for instance , track 2 is a throwaway level-select beat -RRB- . Most of the time , though , you wo n't even notice the album 's origins , as it 's atmospheric electronica at its best .
 this game and the music it has bring and emotional feeling to me its a great game but ts more than a game its a way to show us that our world could be just like that in a few thousand years or so they are already making flying cars by the way what makes you not think that the future world can be just like that
 Dude , what is wrong with ya ` llno reviews on this Great CD ??? i did n't even know Aloe Blacc put the solo album out.i randomly went to Tower Records coz they were goign out of businessand everything was 50 % off.then i saw this record and i knew i had to pick it up without reading any reviews , i simply knew it will well worth my money and MORE.Aloe Blacc is from Emanon with DJ Exile . their EP , ` The Waiting Room ' , is also a great album , but Shine Through tops their group effort.Most of tracks are prduced by Aloe Blacc himself , but also OhNo and Madlib produced some tracks as well . Executive producer was Peatnut Butter Wolf . so you know , without a doubt , the quality is there.i loved madlib produced
 I picked this up after seeing a review in Pitchfork , and what an excellent find this is ! In some of his neosoul songs I hear Cody Chestnutt , Martin Luther , Bill Withers , and even Anthony Hamilton on a `` Change Goin to Come . '' He astutely covers a range of styles from latin and hip hop to R&B . The carribean flavor of a couple of the songs surprised me - I 'd never heard of an artist intermingling neosoul with latin , but Blacc pulls this feat off with aplomb ease . Not all the songs are consistent throughout , but his beautiful vocals and fine production make this a superb first effort . I really like the song where he is singing about waiting for a bus at the bus stop . This song really displays the honesty and spontaneity of his artistry . Highly recommended !
 My friend works for a major media company in the music business , and I picked up this album out of a basket of CDs by the elevator . I had no expectations , but this album blew me away . It 's easily my favorite album in the last 12 months . It 's a mix of R&B ; , hip hop , and a little bit of jazz . `` Long Time Coming '' sounds vaguely like something a somber , tingly version of the Miami Vice TV soundtrack . `` Bailar '' is a beautifully sexy song that captures the desire to approach a beautiful woman at a dance club . `` Patria Mia '' starts out with a Carribean feel , but the horns lend it a jazzy feel . I wish my Spanish was better . I think it was inspired by the island of Bocas del Toro . `` Want Me '' makes me think of LL Cool J. `` One Inna '' sounds exactly like Anthony Hamilton , which would be a bad thing if the whole album had the same sound , but in context , it just shows Blacc 's diverse talent.The 2nd to last song , an untitled track , sounds like an ode to Latin America . He mentions Panama , Cuba , Puerto Rico -- pretty much every country there -- and builds to a crescendo , declaring with enthusiasm , `` Todo el mundo Latino , canto , '' and that 's when a chorus of voices joins him , raising hairs on the back of your neck .
 I stumbled upon Aloe Blacc 's performance on the BBC America Graham Norton Show and I was blown away . How I discover an American talent on a British show was news to me ! He sang `` I Need a Dollar '' and one listen made me purchase his CDs - this on is his first . It 's a good way to see how evolved he as an artist has grown to his Good Things album . I bought tix to his show in NYC for Sept. 2 at the Highline . Great voice and lyrics set to a funky groove . His voice is a blend of Marvin Gaye and Donny Hathaway . LOVE iT !
 This is just such a classic album . Aloe Blacc finds the right mix of electro-funk and classic hip-hop to make an album diverse in sound . Highly recommended from a hip-hop head .
 I do record reviews for the magazine every month , but I very rarely recommend records personally to friends . Shine Through is an exception . I 've talked about this record to anyone who would listen for almost a month now . It is one of those records that can not be praised highly enough . Aloe Blacc deserves to be heard.Aloe Blacc is one of those artists who loves music . Not hip-hop , not soul , not any one particular brand of music . Just music . And that 's what he makes . He is not an artist of any one genre , rather an artist of any genre he feels at that particular moment . Shine Through has hip-hop , dancehall , folk , soul , and latin songs . Not influences , but entire songs played entirely for their own sake . Whatever section of the record store you see this in , it will be both misfiled and filed perfectly.The stand-outs are many and mostly depend on what you feel like when you put in the CD . For soul , try out `` Arrive '' , `` I 'm Beautiful '' or the Spanish cover of John Legend 's `` Ordinary People . '' You want Latin ? We got Latin with `` Dance for Life '' and `` Patria Mia '' . For stirring folky joints , check `` Long Time Coming '' and `` Busking . '' For hip-hop , you 've got `` Caged Birdsong . '' And then we get to my favorite , which is some part of all this . `` Bailar '' is a record that makes everyone who hears it move . There is no exception.I 'm not skimming through this review . I realize there are nine songs listed in that last paragraph . What you might not have realized yet is that there is not a song on this album that is n't incredible . If I voted for a record of the year right now , this would be it .
 This album will make you smile and remind you about the simple beauty of life and yourself . =-RRB- What a smooth soulful voice he has ... very relaxing and cheerful @ the same time .
 For me , personally , this album is exactly what R&B ; / Hip-Hop -LRB- and to use the term loosely -RRB- Rap should be . I 'm not an expert by any means , but I 'm quite fond of experimental sounds such as this and one of the things that I like the best about this album is that each song is different and unexpected . There is no cookie cutter formula here , and while it 's nice to have familiar , each of these songs is so unique in their own right and they flow as a whole in a way that I 've not heard from other albums before . Usually I find some song or intro just too jarring and wonder to myself , why the heck is that there , but not the case with anything from Aloe Blacc . THey all flow perfectly together with few exceptions . Most of the tracks on this album are a true five star for me . Buskin , Shine Through and Patria Mia are the only three tracks that give me any kind of pause an I think that 's just because they lack the true soul that everything else encompasses . My personal favs . are Whole World , Bailar-Scene 1 , Nascimento -LRB- Birth -RRB- - Scene 2 , Want Me and I 'm Beautiful . Caged Birdsong is quite poignant in it 's own right and should go down and listed as one of the best social commentary tracks of our time . I find all elements , however random and unexpected , enjoyable on this album , the beats all fresh , the melodies lovely and the unexpectedness of it make it the best thing I 've bought in months.Albums like this , and ones by Angie Stone , Jamie Lidell , India.Arie , The Roots , Heather Headley , Remy Shand and my fav . Leela James are all the people who should be garnering the real attention in this form of music and expression . I 'm sick of the commerically contrived likes of Kanye West and 50 Cent and their supposed `` war '' over sales . Whatever , I say . Kanya ca n't seem to do anything w/o sampling from others , and who exactly is 50 Cent suppose to represent?This album just flows so smoothy and blends rap , intimate vocals and spoken word with perfection . It 's great for so many a mood or scenes , put it on at a party and watch people move and groove , or listen with intent and digest the gems that abound .
 For me , personally , this album is exactly what R&B ; / Hip-Hop -LRB- and to use the term loosely -RRB- Rap should be . I 'm not an expert by any means , but I 'm quite fond of experimental sounds such as this and one of the things that I like the best about this album is that each song is different and unexpected . There is no cookie cutter formula here , and while it 's nice to have familiar , each of these songs is so unique in their own right and they flow as a whole in a way that I 've not heard from other albums before . Usually I find some song or intro just too jarring and wonder to myself , why the heck is that there , but not the case with anything from Aloe Blacc . THey all flow perfectly together with few exceptions . Most of the tracks on this album are a true five star for me . Buskin , Shine Through and Patria Mia are the only three tracks that give me any kind of pause an I think that 's just because they lack the true soul that everything else encompasses . My personal favs . are Whole World , Bailar-Scene 1 , Nascimento -LRB- Birth -RRB- - Scene 2 , Want Me and I 'm Beautiful . Caged Birdsong is quite poignant in it 's own right and should go down and listed as one of the best social commentary tracks of our time . I find all elements , however random and unexpected , enjoyable on this album , the beats all fresh , the melodies lovely and the unexpectedness of it make it the best thing I 've bought in months.Albums like this , and ones by Angie Stone , Jamie Lidell , India.Arie , The Roots , Heather Headley , Remy Shand and my fav . Leela James are all the people who should be garnering the real attention in this form of music and expression . I 'm sick of the commerically contrived likes of Kanye West and 50 Cent and their supposed `` war '' over sales . Whatever , I say . Kanya ca n't seem to do anything w/o sampling from others , and who exactly is 50 Cent suppose to represent?This album just flows so smoothy and blends rap , intimate vocals and spoken word with perfection . It 's great for so many a mood or scenes , put it on at a party and watch people move and groove , or listen with intent and digest the gems that abound .
 Thank you for giving us parents something Godly and hip for our children to enjoy listening to . Your music is inspirational not only to our children , but to us as adults as well . God Bless !
 Marco Polo 's recording of the `` Spring Festival Overture '' -LRB- no composer named in the notes -RRB- , a suite from Yan Jinxuan 's ballet `` The White-Haired Girl '' -LRB- neither the composer nor the arranger named in the notes -RRB- , and Chu Wei 's `` Heroes ' Monument '' provides an introduction to Chinese orchestral music readily accessible to any Western listener . This release in Marco Polo 's Chinese Music Series features three pieces that will be welcome additions to any music collection . The brief -LRB- 5:02 -RRB- overture which begins the disc is more festive and less mannered than the `` Festival Overture '' by Du Mingxin on Marco Polo 8.223939 . It provides a lively preparation for the centerpiece of the album , the suite from `` The White-Haired Girl . '' Having just heard what appears to be the complete ballet -LRB- 82012 on the Marco Polo/Yellow River label -RRB- , I can state that what is labeled here a ballet suite seems more a fantasia on themes from the ballet ; the suite has thematic development which never appears in the complete work and a far more stirring ending . With its Romantic Chinese themes and Western-style orchestration -LRB- imagine Tchaikovsky at his most heroic but without the saccharine -RRB- , its sense of development , and its approachability , `` The White-Haired Girl '' suite may well be the ideal work for anyone not yet familiar with Chinese music . What a pity that the arranger/composer of this suite is not credited ! The description of `` Heroes ' Monument '' in the notes is a bit chilling when one reads that this monument , equivalent to our Tomb of the Unknown Soldier , is in Tienanmen Square . Nonetheless , Chu Wei 's tone poem , by turns moving and exciting , makes for a stirring conclusion to this excellent album .
 This album was originally relased on Virgin records about 1976 and it was playing all over London for about a year . Delroy was working as Bob Marley 's road manager at the time . The backing band ISUS consisted of the solid drum and bass from what later became ASWAD . First time I ever went into a studio in London - I was 16 and it was with Delroy who was recording with The Cimmarons a song called `` Walking Down Lonely Street '' :o-RRB- - that was 30 years ago ! Anyway - I just ordered this and it 's worth it for the first track alone called `` Jah Wonderful '' - a tune that stuck in my head to this day . Delroy ! Those were the days !
 Outstanding artist that is sadly not well known.This is awesome reggae music ! `` Freedom Fighters '' was on a compilation of new wave artist I bought over 25 years ago ! Been looking for more of Delroys ' music ever since !
 Had this CD years ago and it was stolen from my car along with all other music . The CCM being played today ca n't hold a candle to this beautiful musical offering . Clay Crosse is amazing .
 If I 'm correct , this is their second compilation best-of album . Containing 10 tracks , IMHO this is their best compilation ever . Soundgraphy is the only new song . Here 's the tracklist :1 The Soundgraphy2 Gypsy WInd3 Eyes of the Mind4 Sunnyside Feelin ' 5 Asayake6 Mid-Manhattan7 Looking Up8 Misty Lady9 What Ca n't Speak Ca n't Lie10 Fabby Dabby
 Check out the early works of one of the most successful fusion band in Japan . They have high reputation for their incredible techniques , but I like the excitement of their sound . Listen to `` Asayake '' -LRB- meaning morning glow -RRB- and you will understand what I am talking about !
 I 'm not a huge funk fan . It 's grooving music and makes me dance and what not , but it can get kind of boring . This disk however is a whole different story . Funk had great musicians . Funk had great politics . Funk had great style . Now , after listening to this boxed set , I have learned this . My only gripe is that they should have removed a bunch of tracks and condensed it to three discs .
 This was definetly and undeniably the hot single of the summer . When you listen to the beat of this song combined with the sexy tone that her voice takes on it makes a great song that no matter what you look like you will feel like the hottest person on the planet ! People mistake Cassie 's soft tones as a sign of a weak voice , yes she is no Whitney Houston but she does have talent along with great looks . Honestly to have a great song does everyone need to belting out their lyrics like Christina Aguilera , umm NO ! 1 . This is not like the one you normally here on the radio , which is like the one on the actual Cassie CD . This song has a very slight difference , but one that I prefer at the very beginning before she starts singing she says `` bad boy . '' Other then that it is the same song that you love .2 . This version is not necessarily a techno version but a harder more rockish beat . It is different but still fun , I still prefer the original .3 . This is just the tune and beat with no words , soooo I guess you can add your own words uhhh ok , OR you can have a fun karaoke night !! Whatever you want be creative .
 For someone who likes smooth chill out music with an equal amount of sexy R&B and smooth hook laden pop this is a must own single to add to your collection .
 this is one of the hits of the summer of 06 ' The beat is thumping and the track in unforgettable . Yes the vocal is soft . But it fits the music . It will soon have you singing along with the hook .
 I first heard it on TV - the video . I was n't actually watching it but the -LRB- as the previous reviewer mentioned -RRB- sythesized bass caught my attention . I buy almost only club music/mixes from shops like perfectbeat or beatport , but this song sounded special . For me it has great catchy beat , is dark , sexy vocals -LRB- and the vocalist ! -RRB- , great video that is different from all other videos like Beyonce 's Deja Vu -LRB- her worst video ever -RRB- . The song is Dark & Sexy . What else do you need ?
 This song has the whole package . It 's catchy , fun and infectious . The type of song that everyone is listening to . Cassie definately has enough potential to go far in the music industry .
 This song is a great summer jam that never seems to get overly annoying . i also like the Beat and the bass . The video could have been better but wasnt overly bad . All in all a great song
 This is a great catchy song that will hook you . It 's easy to dance to and it 's also smooth and funky . She 's not the strongest vocalist , but she does a good job with it and it 's a fun song . I 'm not a fan of the video - a little boring - but this is a definate winner for the car to listen to way up loud . I also love the instrumental version because the beat is great . We 'll just wait and see what else comes from Cassie . Too early to tell if she 'll only be a one hit wonder though . This will be one of those great summer songs though . I love it .
 Finally , this infectious tune has been released!Cassie , the artist who started out of ` myspace ' and who 's crowned the princess of NextSelection is set to take the world by storm and boy is she going to be big!With Ryan Leslie behind her and a little help from Bad Boy 's Diddy , Cassie will be the name on everyone 's lips in the coming year.Trust me when I say you 'll love this song - it is wickedly catchy and will have you dancing and singing along in no time - just try it.Single consists of three tracks ; 1 . Me & U -LCB- Radio Edit -RCB- - this is the one you 've all been hearing and the one used in the video2 . Me & U -LCB- Ryan Leslie Remix -RCB- - this is the real remix with vocals from the guy behind Cassie - Ryan Leslie -LCB- He found her , wrote the song and produces the tracks - he 's a legend -RCB- 3 . Me & U -LCB- Instrumental -RCB- - as the title says , no lyrics , just the great beat beneath it.Enjoy ! -LCB- Trust me - you will -RCB-
 This song is a summer banger . It will make you dance . The beat is hot . The singing is not a Whitney Houston joint , but it is still better than Ashanti . Cassie has a whispy voice . If you can listen to Janet Jackson , you can listen to Cassie . This is basically a very sexy song . This is just a debut song so it is hard to judge her complete range , not until she releases a full LP . This song is going to be playing on the radio for years .
 I first heard this song in my car on the radio and it was the smooth whistle melody and sythesized bass that caught my attention the most . It 's one of those songs that you want to turn up your bass and just sit back and relax to . The vocals are are nothing special , but the instrumental alone is what gives this song its unique vibe . I 'm excited to see what the rest of the album offers .
 Cassie does not have a great voice and is not really that talented but this song is a great summer song . It has alot of base and I liked it the very first time i heared it . I did not even know what she looked like until i saw the single cover . and i have not seen the music video . I am not judging the song by her looks . im judging it by how catchy it is .
 I first discovered this while visiting Australia four years ago . I was in a gift shop and they were playing this , and I was blown away . I listened to most of it while shopping , and came home with it . It quickly became my # 1 . I enjoy a wide range of music , from oldies to some country , new age to classical , piano , jazz and more . I have a great collection and this is the very best . Every person I 've played it for has found it extraordinary . If you like George Winston , Mannheim Steamroller , Yanni , you will love this easy listening , curl up on the sofa in front of a warm fire kind of music . I 'm glad to know it 's available in the U.S. now .
 I also discovered the Uluru CD during my first trip to Australia . Although I now have several of O'Connor 's CDs this remains my favorite . His music as composed for specific locations -LRB- Marnier is also a 5 star in my book -RRB- truly captures the soul of the locations for which they are composed . For me they invite an instant trip back in time to a treasured visit . In Uluru , others will find he captured the very essence of the Red Center ; though some may simply enjoy the peaceful elegance of the music .
 We found this album in Australia and bought it hoping for a nice remembrance of our trip . Turned out to be a FANTASTIC album . You can close your eyes and feel yourself on a camel riding across the Outback . We have other albums of his , this is the best by far .
 This was my first Tony O'Connor cd but I have gone on to buy many more , all his music is relaxing and lovely
 Next to a flute solo I heard in Detroit in 1987 , this is the most soothing music I have ever heard . It is so relaxing and the background effects are unlike any you have ever heard before .
 I became aware of Tony O'Connor while in Australia , He is incredibly talented . I want a list of all his CD 's so that I may obtain all of them asap . ------ Is it possible to get his personal website or his record company 's site . We just missed meeting him while over there for 3 months last year . What a country , the music is just out of this world . Never heard a bad song , ever.How can we work this out?Thanks , Naomi Stanley , Dallas , Texas E-Mail daniel.j.stanley@worldnet.att.net please answer and we will talk more about purchases .
 Available in Australia I bought this CD with a really good sort of background music with some didgeredoo sounds . It reflexes the slow and relaxing way of life lived over there !
 This disc is a `` CD single '' imported from the UK , containing two songs , `` People Get Ready '' and `` Over the Rainbow . '' `` People Get Ready '' is the same version heard on the album LIVE AT BLUES ALLEY and SONGBIRD , but `` Over the Rainbow '' is different . It is not the studio recording found on the albums , it 's the solo vocal/guitar rendition recorded -LRB- and videotaped -RRB- at Blues Alley the same night the live album was made . Serious Eva Cassidy `` collectors '' will definitely want this disc .
 I 'm no musicologist , not even a musician , but for many years I have experienced and appreciated remarkable performances from many accomplished artists . Having been immersed in Eva Cassidy 's recorded musical work for more than the past year , I can witness it is one of the more compelling collections of recorded music available.While Eva 's musical genius does encompass the passion , range , subtlety , interpretation and authenticity that her admirers universally acclaim ... it seems the really special magical resonance of her gift revolves around her inspired selection of material and then each unique styling she chooses to share with us . The testaments of her fans are impressive , but we ai n't seen nuthin ' yet . The legacy of the collected works of Eva Cassidy 's art will be seriously studied far and wide . Many may prefer this CD single of `` Over The Rainbow '' -LRB- live and acoustic solo performance -RRB- to her studio recorded and mixed version previously available . Not only will the serious listener want to add this recording , the serious listener will also want to hear for them self what values the `` No Boundaries '' album brings to the collection.The collected works of Eva Cassidy are a significant circumstance in the world of musical art in American popular culture at the turn of this incoming 21st Century . We are everlastingly fortunate for Eva 's superb , and at the time nearly singular , confidence in her own artistry .
 Eva Cassidy . What can one say . She was a shining star whose voice was a fine instrument . Her loss to music slowed the earth . This is an outstanding collection .
 It is such a shame she was taken so young , but she left behind a true legacy of wondrous music for us to continue to enjoy . get all her cd 's as they are so worth it . LOVE EVA CASSIDY !!!
 Dimitri Diatchenko is a talented musician . The compilation of various musical styles throughout the world truly epitomizes an accoustical journey.This CD is a must buy for anyone that loves the classical guitar or just appreciates listening to great music ...
 ACOUSTIC JOURNEY contains an excellent selection of classical guitar stylings and compositions in the popular vein . They are performed wonderfully by this talented guitarist . I especially enjoyed Dimitri 's arrangement of Sonny Chillingsworth 's `` Whee Ha Swing '' . If you are interested in hearing what a classical guitarist can do with popular music , or , if you are already a guitar aficiondo , you will thoroughly enjoy ACOUSTIC JOURNEY .
 YOU WILL REALLY ENJOY `` ACOUSTIC JOURNEY '' . IT TAKES YOU ON A MUSICAL TRIP TO DIVERSE PLACES AROUND THE WORLD AND DELIVERS A MASTERFUL INTERPRETATION OF EACH WORK AS THOUGH IT WERE HIS OWN . MY FAVORITE TUNE ON THE CD IS `` BLUE CHILI '' AND DIMITRI 'S TANGO . `` BLUE CHILI '' IS LIKE A SLOW BLUES JAM WITH SOME JAZZY STUFF THROWN IN AS WELL AS SOME ROCK N ROLL RIFFS . `` TANGO EN PARAISO '' IS A WONDERFUL TROPICAL GROOVE THAT MAKES ME WANT TO ORDER A PINA COLADA AND SIT OUT BY THE POOL . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS CD TO ANYONE WHO JUST DIGS GOOD MUSIC .
 I picked this up in Australia when it was still an audio tape in 1994 . I just about wore it and then passed it along to friends when I downsized in 2001 and went on the road for 6 years . I am glad to find it and trust it is the same as the audio tape . Will find out when I get my copy !
 Anyone who has played PaRappa will have `` kick , punch , it 's all in the mind , '' and `` when I say boom , boom , boom , you say bam , bam , bam '' burned into their brains deeper than a Pac-Man arcade maze fried onto a rear-projection monitor . With this soundtrack , you can experience these songs till you drop . When I first played this game , I was blown over by the catchy beats . Because they are now on a soundtrack , I can listen to this song whenever I want . As soon as listen to these songs , it just makes you want to jump out of your seats and jive to the tunes . I give this soundtrack 5 stars because it took all the songs from the aclaimed video game straight to an audio cd , who could ask for anything more . Once you have listened to this cd all the way through , you will never get these songs out of your head .
 There are several Parappa the Rapper CDs , but based on the track listing , I believe this is the game soundtrack.The playstation game has a campy , cheesey sort of charm and originality that 's rarely seen in the played-out world of video games . It 's like a bizarre cross between rave and hip hop culture.Though this soundtrack lacks the original visuals , it pumps a solid beat that 's down , funny , and uplifting - all at the same time ! A definite hit with true hip hop followers -LRB- and anyone who like 's new ideas and a good time -RRB- of all ages !!!
 This is the soundtrack to the classic Playstationgame . If features all the songs from the game , plus all the instrumental music cues . The songs , most of which are rap songs , are really cute and amusing . The instrumentals are similarly `` cutesy '' , and almost all of them are under a minute long -LRB- a few are less than ten seconds long -RRB- . If you are a fan of this game , I 'm sure you will enjoy the soundtrack .
 95 % of this entire box set is upfront Happy Hardcore , with the exception of the more freeformish tracks on Dougal 's & Gammer 's cd , and the Gabber at the end of Brisk 's & Ham 's mix . This is a must for any UK Hardcore lovers collection .
 This CD set is absolutely amazing ! By far one of the best box sets i have ever heard .
 Hardcore Euphoria3CD ` sGenre
 What a nice album , one of my firsts when I was just getting into hardcore back in 2009 . I rolled to it ... Pssst ! Do n't tell anybody !
 Wow ! This compilation is AMAZING ! All CDs are good , but the Dougal & Gammer CD is the best by far . There is n't a single song on that CD that I do n't absolutely love . The Sy & Unknown CD is a little on the cheeser side , the Brisk & Ham is on the harder side , but the Dougal & Gammer CD is the perfect balance between the two . The CDs contain separate tracks , but its all mixed together , so each song has some of the previous and the next on it . It flows very well together .
 There 's some very well mixed music on these lovely 3 CDs , and as an avid HH fan I 'm in love . Dougal and Gammer -LRB- disc 2 -RRB- are almost overkill in how amazing they are on this CD , it 's a total pleasure to listen to hour after hour . It 's on loop and I do n't realize for the longest time , I 'm enjoying it so much.For the beginner getting into happy hardcore , this CD is your gateway .
 Easily the best HHxC box set on the market , mixed flawlessly by 3 of the top duos in the business . My favorite CD is the Brisk and Ham mix , with its great tracklist of HHxC rave anthems . My only issue is that i would have preferred this mix to be all one track , because since it was split up , i had to do some altering of track names to prevent the track order being screwed up within Itunes .
 This set is amazing ! All three discs have awesome tracks . Honestly , I ca n't pick my favorite disc . The Brisk & Ham and Dougal & Gammer discs are both positively awesome ! Sy & Unknown is still good too . Lots of great vocals and lots of hard beats ! Bottom line , you wo n't be disappointed !
 I ca n't find the words to describe how blessed I was by the entire cd . The songs truly touch my heart . For they express exactly where I am in my walk with God . Each time I listen tothese songs , I believe it touches the heart of God as well . I personally rate it `` 10 stars '' .
 I ca n't find the words to describe how blessed I was by the entire cd . The songs truly touch my heart . For they express exactly where I am in my walk with God . Each time I listen tothese songs , I believe it touches the heart of God as well . I personally rate it `` 10 stars '' .
 Music to inspire and lift your spirits . Beautiful arrangments and glorious singing .
 A good CD for getting into his presence . Drop it in your car to keep your spirits high in all that traffic . Play it at home and get cooking , cleaning or just praising .
 The word of God set to music . An inspirational message in every song . Lift your spirits .
 I love this show ! The soundtrack really brings the best music in the show . It is also very comforting to listen to ! This is a must buy ! Do n't miss this great opportunity to add it to your music collection !!!!!
 At first I was dissapointed with the album because it failed to include the parcticular version of More Than a Life Away that I was looking for , but I quickly forgot that as a world of EuroTech assaulted my subwoofer and launched me into that mystic nirvana somewhere between total entrancement in the music and a heightened awareness.The amazing things about this disc are actually found on Disc 2 , which is actually a DVD that has music video 's to go with most of the tracks on disc 1 , along with an hour long `` Ultimate session '' MP3 . At first I was irritated at having to pay $ 30 for a CD , but it was worth every penny !
 If you know Marco V you already know his style , and 200V is no exception . Every track on the album is an upbeat banger , and you get a DVD on top of the great album . The only thing this album suffers from in my opinion is the tracks are too short , there are only 2 tracks on the CD that are longer than 6 minutes . Normally that really annoys me , and feels rushed . That 's not the case this time though , the CD is so good I 'm just left wanting more out of every track . There 's a hidden 13th track that turns out to be one of the longer tracks on the album . The CD contains such future classics as `` More Than A Life Away '' which is awesome on it 's own -LRB- I wish DJ Preach 's mix had made it on as a bonus -RRB- , `` Second Bite '' , & one of my favorites `` Automanual '' . If you like this album be sure to also check out his first album `` Con : Fusion '' , it 's pretty pricey being only available on import but well worth every penny . BANG ON MARCO !
 I do n't know what happened with Marco V in between 200V and his previous album , but I love it . This album is full of trance anthems you will find yourself singing along and dancing the night away to . Marco broke away from his normal acid beat , kicked it into light speed and jammed it all into one record . It also comes with a DVD of his visits to some of the world 's most renowned clubs from Ibiza all the way to God 's Kitchen . A very tasty and visually pleasing treat ; -RRB-
 This interest CD contains two Chinese orchestral suites . First is The Mermaid -LRB- composed by Wu Zuqiang and Du Mingxin -RRB- . It organized by many group dances in the original ballet . Maybe you listen this suite , you think `` It 's a Tchaikovsky 's Ballet Suite in Chinese style ! '' probably . But its characteristic and exotic atmosphere has only in this work . Other work is Harvest Scenes -LRB- composed by Chu Wei -RRB- . This symphonic suite 's material is Chinese farmland 's peaceful scenes . Its principal musical idioms are similar to the Mermaid . But it has more powerful -LRB- especially in Prelude and Epilogue -RRB- and poetic . This recording was made by Naxos with Gumma Prefecture in Japan 's orchestra -LRB- Gumma Symphony Orchestra -RRB- and conductor Lim Kektjiang -LRB- maybe Sino-Indonesian -RRB- . Orchestra 's members are Japanese but they makes Chinese local colors exciting . Perhaps you seek more Chinese contemporary classical music , I recommend this CD for you .
 This CD is the greatest . If you appreciate good musical talents , you would love this . Perfect for those candlelight dinners of love sessions . SUre none of the songs are original , but it is good to just here the music and you can make up your own words .
 This 1984 release is very interesting since they recorded all tracks in 10 days straight without any overdubs . The title track , Continental Way , Twilight Solitude are the highlights of this album . Here 's the tracklist :1 Zoom2 Down Upbeat3 The Continental Way4 Road Rhythm5 Froufrou6 Home Stretch7 Night Storm8 Cookin ` up9 Twilight Solitude10 Air Fantasy
 I have the privilege of knowing this bands music . Not many people know of them since they are from Japan . They are four guys playing all Yamaha equipment except Zildjian symbols . `` Zoom '' takes you off the ground and makes you fly out of your car . Their music is tight and the bass is lose . Total blending is found here . No lyrics , just tight fusion that will make you mOvE .
 About a year ago , I stumbled across this disc on the bargain rack of a local CD store . I had never heard of The Beautiful South before , but the name of the band intrigued me ; it sounded like the name of a poetic and literate band , so I bought this album on a hunch that it would be something I might like .0898 has far surpassed my expectations . Over time , I have enjoyed this album more and more , and it now ranks on my list of all-time favorites ! The music is catchy , poppy , and melodic ; the lyrics are light , satirical , and unusual . The band 's performance is superb , and I love the blending of vocals from Paul Heaton and Briana Corrigan . -LRB- I understand that after the release of this disc , Corrigan left the band . -RRB- 0898 is the first but definitely not the last Beautiful South disc I will own .
 TBS is one of my favorite groups , and they have so many great discs , but I 'd have to call this one their best -LRB- with `` Quench '' and `` Painting It Red '' tying for second -RRB- . Every song is fantastic , particularly `` Old Red Eyes Is Back , '' `` We Are Each Other '' and `` 36D . '' If you do n't have any TBS , this is a good place to start . Their music is hard to describe . A friend once compared them to Squeeze , but they 're a little more refined than that -LRB- not to slight Squeeze ... I love them too -RRB- . If Squeeze used occasional orchestrations and listened to some older-period Elton John , they would probably sound a lot like this . Witty , biting -LRB- and very British -RRB- lyrics , coupled with lush , gorgeous melodies . Paul Heaton possesses one of pop/rock ' most beautiful voices . One of my all-time desert island discs .
 Perhaps the Beautiful South 's best-known collection of tunes , `` 0898 '' carries their signature stylings of rhythm , melody , and groove . From classics heard everywhere on the radio like `` Old Red Eyes Is Back '' to the more eclectic `` We Are Each Other , '' this album lets listeners slide in and enjoy some great music while the catchy and poignant lyrics beat a path through their brains . `` 0898 '' is a wonderful CD to pop in on road trips , on lazy summer afternoons , or after a long day on the job -- it will soothe your frazzled nerves and let your mind wander through landscapes of vivid imagery and imagination . Check out their other work for even more entertainment and endearment ... you 'll be hooked ! =-RRB- Simply put , this album is BEAUTIFUL !
 there 's no BS in the beautiful south . i might be mistaken , but i believe this album spawned a couple of hit singles in the UK , despite what the amazon review opined .0898 features some of the beautiful south 's greatest singles
 Great tongue-in-cheek lyrics , great memorable quality songwriting , great musicianship ... this band should be up there with the best pop/rock bands , period . Why they have n't achieved commercial success here in the U.S. as they have in the U.K. , is shockingly beyond me ! TBS is one of my favorite bands ever , and that comes from someone with over 1,800 CD 's and hundreds of albums in my collection , spanning several decades .
 The last Beautiful South album featuring the bittersweet vocals of Brianna Corrigan -LRB- allegedly leaving after Paul Heaton penned the misogynistic Mini-Correct on sequel Miaow -RRB- , 0898 is also the Hull band 's most rounded work . The intelligent pop craft of Old Red Eyes Is Back and We Are Each Other is off-set by the bittersweet Bell Bottomed Tear . Some people were put off by this album 's malevolent streak , but this is part of the band 's charm and was also prevalent on the earlier Choke , the artwork is the most disturbing thing on offer here ...
 Today I bought this cd again , since I only had it on tape , and it broke the other day . I never cease to be amazed by the genius of this album , everything feels right about , and such a richness of sounds . . it will probably never show up in official lists with `` top 100 of all time '' , but it has made and will stay my number one . . its great for in the car , when exercising , at home . . everywhere , sheer bliss
 I was only 11 years old when I first heard this CD and ever since it has been my favorite . I take it everywhere I go and have never tired of the songs . My parents , being fans of the long gone Housemartins , they are also fans of the Beautiful South . I LOVE this CD . Whenever I go on bus trips and the windows are fogged up , I am known to write on the windows , Beautiful South is the Name . I LOVE this CD .
 Every single one of the albums of this band is great , 0898 being no exception . Their sound is so catchty but the lyrics are consistently interesting and dark . Difficult to categorize which is the only reason I can fathom for these folks not being huge.Listen - you wont be sorry .
 Beautiful !!! Heaton and Co have created a masterpiece . Songs for all ages and tastes -LRB- although i hated to hear that J. Abott left b/c of `` 36D '' lyrics -RRB- . Album never lets you go . It makes you dance , smile and think -LRB- in more ways than needed sometimes
 Wow , where to begin ? I bought this cd in 1992 after one of my city 's alternative rock stations started giving significant airplay to `` We Are Each Other '' and `` 36-D . '' Never could I have imagined how 90 % of the songs on this album are outstanding ! From the sad stories of `` Old Red Eyes '' and `` The Rocking Chair , '' to the upbeat `` We Are Each Other , '' `` The Domino Man , '' and `` I 'm Your # 1 Fan , '' and to the spooky , somewhat bizarre stories told in `` Here It Is Again , '' and `` Something That You Said . '' It 's a shame this recording did n't get the same kind of airplay in the states as it did in England , where they are a smash . This cd had been given to friends around the country , from Ohio to Florida and Texas , and everyone has loved it ! Enjoy
 Forget The Beatles . Forget Frank Sinatra . Forget The Rolling Stones . Forget Elvis Presley . This is by far the greatest album in history . Why is n't The Beautiful South as well known -LRB- and as much of a houshold name -RRB- as The Beatles ? Calling this work of art a `` masterpiece '' is not even saying enough .
 This is a spirited rendition of the work of Buddy Guy and Junior Wells , two of Chicago 's leading lights in the blues world . Junior Wells ' harmonica playing and Buddy Guy 's guitar work set a sound foundation for this CD . This was a re cording spearheaded by Eric Clapton as his Derek and the Dominoes album was being finally mixed . And we are fortunate to be able to listen to the results.Backing instrumentals are played by the likes of Clapton , Dr. John -LRB- on piano -RRB- , and J. Geils -LRB- guitar -RRB- , among others.Some cuts illustrate their work . `` A Man of Many Words '' is a clean sounding , contemporary blues song . This does not look back toward the delta or the early Chicago sound . Clapton 's guitar playing is interesting and spirited -LRB- although maybe a bit overdone -RRB- . The vocals are smooth . Some nice wording : `` I know I rap long and know I rap strong , Come on mama let me turn you on . '' `` T-Bone Shuffle '' is one of T-Bone Walker 's songs . Here , Buddy Guy and Junior Wells do a nice job with their cover . The sound is simpler than with `` A Man of Many Words . '' The ensemble playing is very good . Vocals , again , are nice , as they play with lines like : `` Tell me what the reasonYou keep on teasin ' me . '' `` This Old Fool '' is another fun cut . J. Geils joins with guitar here . Buddy Guy sings against a really insistent beat , with the rhythm section playing splendidly . Magic Dick 's harmonica adds to the whole sound . There is a great blues sensibility to this song . The end of the song features some fiery guitar work.So , this is a nice view of the work of Buddy Guy and Junior Wells . The session that was recorded here is lively and has a spontaneous feel to it . Well worth listening to .
 I bought `` Buddy Guy & Junior Wells Play the Blues abum '' when it first hit the rack.Then again about a month ago . It had the same effect as it did back then ... I put it in the cd player , sat down and did n't get up until I 'd heard every song on the cd.It is Buddy Guy and Junior at their very best.Rickey Noel Mitchell
 What can I say ? A five star album rating to balanceout the idiot who gave the album a good review but only2 stars . Well I did see them live in the 80 's at a clubin Portland . `` Can you smell that s *** '' , said Buddy Guyas he was wailing on lead guitar while Junior jammedon harp !
 This is a classic album - full of raw power , funk and foot tapping drive yet somehow does n't seem to take itself too seriously . Not just for the blues zealots , this album may actually manage to bring the willfully ignorant into the light !
 i absolutely love blues music , but buddy guy is just exceptional , the nature of my job enables me to listen to him all day long , thank heavens , i cant get enough blues music.like honey dripping down the stairs .
 This album is a favorite of mine , I bought it from Amazon nearly two years ago and it 's already pretty much worn out . Buddy Guy and Junior Wells make the blues fun and exciting with songs like `` man of many words '' and `` T-bone Shuffle '' . If you want great blues that is more of the modern , faster paced style then try this album . The guitar parts are simply amazing , and in closing I just want to say that each song on this album is awesome . There are many blues artists out there that are famous , and none more so maybe than Buddy Guy . Junior Wells died in 1998 but his harmonica playing on here is sweet and contagious . I think this is a great album because it puts two truly great musicians together to tell the storybook music that is blues .
 Ireally enjoy this CD . What stands out for me , is you start out in New Orleans and start traveling thru Georgia on up to St.Louis and Chicago . All kinds of blues is represented.Buddy Guy and Junior Wells really work well together .
 I 've seen Buddy Guy a few times but I 've never seen him play better than he does on this recording . If you want to know what all the fuss was about , you must check this out . Power , precision , taste , swing , its all there . `` T-Bone Shuffle '' has been covered countless times , but never better than this .
 Readers of this space may be aware that over the past year or so I have gone to great lengths to highlight some of the blues greats that I was doggedly devoted to as a kid -LRB- and still am -RRB- and helped form in me , and others from my generation , the Generation of '68 as well , an important musical componet as we fought our political battles for a more just society . The names of Lead Belly , Josh White , Son House , Muddy Waters and the like easily come to mind.And then in a whisper in the back of the brain comes - do n't forget Buddy Guy . Well , of course . The Chicago blues branch of the blues tree would not be complete without recognizing what every serious blues artist of the time recognized - here was a master . This CD only goes to prove the point . Electric guitar , acoustic guitar , solo , with Junior Wells , as a backup to others Guy did it all . Even with all-star help this is strictly Buddy 's gig . That 's why there was that little whisper.So what is good here ? Well , how about `` T-Bone Shuffle '' , -LRB- that 's T-Bone Walker of course -RRB- , `` This Old Fool '' and `` Honeydripper '' . Listen and see if you agree .
 Five stars for sure if not for tracks 7 & 10 . So it gets four stars instead .
 This album bring back memories of my parents music when we were a very young family . I can remember my parents hearing these tunes come on the radio and spontaneously dancing about the kitchen of our beach house . The romance of the era , the feelings of being separated from loved ones and the hopes that when the horror of the conflicts were over all would return to normal are now universal , especially with our armed forces once again in harms way fighting for freedom . These classic tunes are n't just for those of the older generations . These songs set a mood that every romantic will love . Bobbie 's smooth , silky , sultry voice dances amoung the fine arrangements like a ballerina with grace and definition . I 'd recommend this CD to anyone who loves sitting by the fireside with their lover , sipping champagne and munching on strawberries . This is definately your soundtrack . I especially love her rendition of `` As Time Goes By . '' And you can count on this CD being out during the holidays . With `` Stardust '' and `` I 'll be home for Christmas '' it sets the mood for a great celebration of Life . Thanks Bobbie for bring back precious memories and for providing a soundtrack for making more of my own .
 In 1943 I was with the U.S. Army Air Force in North Africa . The girl I was to marry was home in Kentucky . She and her mother were listening to the radio . `` You 'll Never Know '' came on the radio which brought tears to my girl friends eyes . In that moment her mother realized ours was more than just a casual friendship . We have now been married over 58 years and `` You 'll Newer Know '' has become our theme song . Bobbie Lee Norman does marvelous renditions of that song and the other WWII song on the CD . We play `` Always Faithful '' on our stereo each evening after we retire for the night .
 In 1943 I was with the U.S. Army Air Force in North Africa . The girl I was to marry was home in Kentucky . She and her mother were listening to the radio . Dinah Shore came on singing `` You 'll Never Know '' which brought tears to my girl friends eyes . In that moment her mother realized ours was more than just a casual friendship . We have now been married over 58 years and `` You 'll Newer Know '' has become our theme song . Bobbie Lee Norman does marvelous renditions of that song and the other WWII song on the CD . We play `` Always Faithful '' on our stereo each evening after we retire for the night .
 Ya know its a hard life when no one can understand why you want to listen to what appears to be cats on heat . `` No , its Chinese opera '' , you cry , `` its really good '' . Then you 're just faced with looks of disbelief and confusion . They might question your sanity too . But as for me , I adore it . And I adore annoying everyone else within hearing range as well . I was introduced to Chinese opera through viewing the excellent film ` Farewell My Concubine ' -LRB- right your task for today is to hunt out that dvd and buy it ! -RRB- . I do n't think it is necessary to have purchased Chinese opera volume 1 to fully enjoy the volume presented here . The cd booklet does not contain any lyrics or translation but it does contain information concerning the opera , giving a brief storyline with each song . The operas themselves are taken from different regions of china and are fairly distinctive in style . There are n't many Dana -LRB- male -RRB- solos , which is a shame , but the exquisite female vocalization redeems that negative factor completely . These incredibly talented women -LRB- in my personal opinion -RRB- harmonize their voices with the string instruments , going up and down accordingly while maintaining perfect key . It is definitely an acquired style so I suggest listening to the samples offered above before purchasing . It sounds very strange indeed to unaccustomed ears , and at first I could only experience it in small doses . Now I play it all the time . Whether I 'm cleaning , cooking or just relaxing it 's a perfect compliment to my tasks and is very cheerful , except for the last song . It almost sounds like she 's weeping at the beginning . So , if you 're still with me after all that and have managed to experience some form of Chinese opera in the past and enjoyed it , get this cd .
 This is a great introductory CD for Chinese opera . The selections on this disc are great and very interesting to say the least . However I think that you should have heard some kind of Chinese opera before you even think of buying this . Most people either love or hate Chinese opera ; i 've yet to encounter someone who does n't have a strong view on it . I myself love Chinese opera , but most of my friends hate it . This CD is , to me , a jewel , although i gave it 4 stars rather than 5 because some of the tracks drag on a bit . Otherwise a wonderful CD !
 This remixed soundtrack is great . Some DJ 's techno , dance , and house is interwined into Yoko 's music for a CD which will leave you dancing . I love how all of my fav . songs are remixed with so much emotion , and beat . Each song made me get up and dance with its kickin ' grooves and modern day instruments . The begining portion is great , with that very uncanny remix of `` Theme of Aya '' . The middle is the meat . This is when the new kicks out the old . Its amazing . And at the end , the CD is brilliantly closed with a rock/trance remix of everybody 's favourite , `` Somnia Memorias '' !
 Unlike many others , I loved Chrono Trigger 's Brink of Time Acid/Techno Jazz feel . You 'll like this one even more I imagine . Though I 've never played the game , the original soundtrack was and is a favorite for its haunting opera and techno theme . This takes it one step further , with favorite tracks like Primal Eyes , and Somnia Memories -LRB- in english for those who like that -RRB- . I would recommend this remix album to anyone , as it showcases would could and should be done with a lot of OST 's and Background musics we as gamers hear . This is for those who want more .
 First off , I LOVE the Parasite Eve OST . I mean who does n't right ? Anyways , if you 're expecting your fav tunes to be revamped with more bass and drum beats , this ai n't for you . This is more for the trance lover , of which I am one . This takes the tunes from PE and slowly creates original trance mixes using them . Basically if you like trance , you 'll enjoy this disc . However I must say that track 7 , which builds upon Primal Eyes , is very dissapointing ... it 's just some industrial sounds mixed together to create some big piece of junk . And track 5 contains two segments where the music stops and Eve sings here annoying opera for 25secs . So other than those two things , this CD totally blew me away and I loved every second of it .
 The Treasure Chest compilation limited edition is a good , economical way for fans new to the band to get acquainted with Helloween 's earlier work . This compilation touches every facet of Helloween 's illustrious career -- covering all 11 -LRB- at the time of release -RRB- of Helloween 's albums . Included are the classics such as Ride the Sky , Murderer , A Little Time , Future World , the 13 + minute epics Halloween and Keeper of the Seven Keys , the humorous Dr. Stein , the hard to find Michael Kiske version of Starlight , and the beautiful Eagle Fly Free , just to name a few.The interesting thing about this album is that Andi Deris , who took over singing duties after Michael Kiske left , was supposed to re-sing some of the tracks on Treasure Chest . Also , the live version of How Many Tears , as it appeared on I Want Out Live , was supposed to be on this compilation . I thought it would have been cool to hear Deris ' interpretation of some of these songs , but this did not happen . However , I did get to hear these songs live when I saw Helloween in October 2003 in Chicago . Anyway , back to the review.The third disc in this compilation is a collection of some of Helloween 's singles from 1991-2000 . There are some really cool b-sides on this disc that are really hard to find . It would cost hundreds of dollars to get this single b-sides if you bought each individually . Included are 4 of the 7 original Master of the Rings b-sides , some of which should have been on the album instead of b-sides . Really very cool , though . However , Helloween has so many b-sides that the band could have easily included another disc . At any rate , this limited edition is a great buy for any Helloween fan -- beginner and seasoned vet alike .
 To those unfamiliar with Helloween 's history - they are a German band responsible for the birth of European power metal , as it is known today.Helloween 's carrier officially started back in 1986 , with their debut album `` Walls of Jericho '' which made them known to the underground public . Combining thrash/speed metal with classical and melodic elements , the band achieved a very good beginning . The band 's career reached it 's peak during 1987-1988 , with the releases of the highly influential `` Keeper Of The Seven Keys Part I&II ; '' albums and the addition of the charismatic and nowadays most copied metal vocalist Michael Kiske ! The band disappeared from the scene for a couple of years -LRB- due to record label problems -RRB- , released a couple of unsuccessful but nevertheless good records -LRB- 91-93 -RRB- and resurfaced in 1994 with a new line up -LRB- + new vocalist -RRB- , releasing some overall good albums.This double Best Of CD is a wonderful collection of some of the greatest songs ever recorded by Helloween . The songs included are the best known and some of the most epic material of the band 's 15 year career -LRB- old songs-remastered -RRB- . The best songs included here are the classic-powerful-heavy metal tunes
 This is the good one . Everybody can find the rare songs together . So i think this is one of the best ones .
 I bought this CD about a year ago , and I still enjoy listening to it . I especially recommend to anybody who likes techno music - you probably should like Zelda , too . I 'll give my impressions for each track below .1 - Title theme - takes a sleepy , kinda boring music -LRB- that I always skipped in the game , anyway -RRB- and gives it a beat . It makes it much more interesting than it was . 8 out of 10.2 - Battle - an interesting choice for sure . Usually , the battle theme , while ever-present , is n't something you 'd pay attention to . It 's more of a warning about nearby enemies than a full-fledged music track - or at least it seems that way in the game . Here it 's greatly expanded -LRB- again with the techno beat treatment -RRB- and becomes a tune you might expect to hear in , say , a sub-boss fight . Another 8.3 - Lost Woods - while this tune can be hyper-annoying in the game -LRB- especially if you happen to forget the way in the Lost Woods and end up spending hours there ... like me ... -RRB- , in non-repeating doses it 's quite good . In fact , this would be an excellent track if not for the annoying yelping noise -LRB- what IS that ? -RRB- towards the end of the track , when it repeats the beginning - only with yelps . 7 out of 10.4 - Shop - here 's where this CD shines . It takes a simple tune and repeats it about 4 times , using different instruments . A simple recipe for success - this song is entirely fun to listen to , and the tune is deep enough that it does n't get boring . My favorite is the part that sounds like an electric organ - and of course the end part repeats the opening , only somehow better . More climactic . This song is pure fun . 10 out of 10.5 - Epona 's Song - Hm , Amazon missed this one in their track listing . The music is n't anything to write home about - just the sleepy ranch music that sounds much like the game 's . What makes this song really interesting is that it 's actually sung - with lyrics , which the games have never done -LRB- the most speechlike thing I 've heard in a Zelda game was `` Oy ! '' in the Wind Waker -RRB- . And it 's good ! Probably best if you can understand the Japanese lyrics , but another reviewer did us all the favor of posting a translation . It suits the game , and sounds great overall - especially that part towards the end where - what are those , bagpipes or something ? - join in with the aforementioned `` ranch '' music . At least an 8 out of 10 , though I may be underranking this one .6 - Zelda 's theme - I was n't going to say much about this track , but I just listened to it again , and it 's better than I remember . The main part sounds exactly like the game 's ocarina , and the outstanding backup makes this an ultimate version of the game 's most important theme music . 9 out of 10 . Does n't make 10 because it does n't do anything really unique with the music - just does it really well .7 - Middle Boss battle - I wish the regular boss battle had been remixed , too , but I 'll make do . That being said , this is excellent , and keeps up the pattern of taking rather forgettable music excellent . I 'll give it an 8 , because 9 's and 10 's have to be special . Still good , though .8 - Temple of Time - the background vocals are great , but the main one -LRB- to the actual tune of the Song of Time - you know , C-Down , A , C-Up , repeat -RRB- does n't do it for me - it sounds too much like the game 's ... that is , it does n't sound like real people . You can tell by the change from note to note -LRB- though when the notes are held , they sound convincing -RRB- . Ignore that , and it 's fine - did I mention the background vocals are fantastic ? 6 out of 10.9 - Kotake and Koume 's theme - good overall , but this track commits the almost criminal offense of not including the original 's opening music - the one that accompanies the two witches laughing . How could they miss that !? Still , the rest of the rendition is excellent and blah blah blah , but without that opener , I 'd have preferred something like the Gerudo theme instead . 7 out of 10.10 - Hyrule Field - wonderful . Simply wonderful . The original was good , but not all that memorable -LRB- I remember people lamenting the lack of the usual Zelda overworld theme -RRB- , but this changes all that . Takes the original and makes it spectacular . The violins , the saxophone at the end -LRB- do n't quote me on that , I know squat about music -RRB- - beautiful . 10 , no question . Also gets my vote for `` Best on CD '' .11 - Great Fairy 's Fountain - it 's all right , but I ca n't think of anything to really recommend it with . It 's hardly any different from the game 's , to be honest . And despite being classic Zelda , it 's kind of boring at this length . I would 've preferred a more ambitious attempt on a different track , like say the Forest Temple music -LRB- with lots of drums -RRB- or maybe a long version of the Bolero of Fire -LRB- personal favorites of mine -RRB- . 5 out of 10 - I usually skip this one .12 - Last Battle - I wo n't be as generous as some with this one , but I ca n't deny that it 's an excellent rendition . Would 've been perfect for the game itself - it 's climactic , epic , and tense , just like a final battle should be . The only reason I do n't score it higher is because , for a actual standalone music track , it 's really long and does n't really go anywhere - it remains fairly constant , without especially building up to anything . It 's best as background music when you 're doing something else -LRB- maybe fighting off evil sorceror beasts -RRB- . 8 out of 10 . Overall , on my personal scale -LRB- not an average -RRB- , I 'll give this CD a 9 out of 10 . The Hyrule Field and Shop tunes make everything worthwhile , and despite my saying that , it 's not like they 're really compensating for anything bad to start with . Some tracks are very similar to the originals , others less so , but they 're excellent , all in all . Highly recommended for Zelda fans , especially those that appreciate techno/dance music , since they 're more likely to share my tastes .
 The very first thing I wish to note about this CD is that it is NOT the original soundtrack to Ocarina of Time . It consists of certain tracks taken from the original soundtrack which have been remixed by an artist known as MOKA . That being said , here 's my review : I can hardly describe just how well MOKA 's variations compliment Kondo 's fantastic compositions , while still managing to stay surprisingly true to the originals . At first the music is slightly alienating because it initially seems so different from the original music , but the more you listen to it , the better and better it sounds ! These remixes are unforgettable and will quickly end up among your favorites . Listen with headphones and it 's like hearing it for the first time all over again . Reeeeally nice ... The lyrics to Epona 's Song are printed -LRB- in Japanese -RRB- in the enclosed booklet . Here is the elaborated English translation : Epona , Epona -LRB- Epona , Epona -RRB- Come close -LRB- Sobanioide -RRB- Together the two of us -LRB- Futari de ireba -RRB- Wo n't be sad -LRB- Kanashi ku nankanai -RRB- So I say -LRB- Dakara -RRB- Epona -LRB- Epona -RRB- Come here , come to me -LRB- Koko ni ite -RRB- You are the one -LRB- Omae dakeba -RRB- I will protect -LRB- Mama deageru -RRB- This is the way I remember it -LRB- Koshite iru to omoidasu -RRB- That day 's dawn -LRB- Ano hino yoake -RRB- The moon was going down -LRB- Tsuki ga shizu mi -RRB- The sun was coming up -LRB- Taiyou to -RRB- And then you were born -LRB- Omae ga umaneta -RRB- Epona , Epona -LRB- Epona , Epona -RRB- Come close -LRB- Sobanioide -RRB- Together the two of us -LRB- Futari de ireba -RRB- Wo n't be sad -LRB- Kanashikunankanai -RRB- So I say -LRB- Dakara -RRB- Epona -LRB- Epona -RRB- Come here -LRB- Koko ni ite -RRB- My song -LRB- Watashi no uta wa -RRB- Listen to it -LRB- Kiiteite ne -RRB- This is how I remember it -LRB- Koushiteiruto omoidasu -RRB- Back in the day -LRB- Ano kudano koto -RRB- I think that for your sake my mother -LRB- Omae no tameni kaasan ga -RRB- Made this song -LRB- Yukuta kono uta -RRB- Tu lu lu , tu lu luTu lu lu lu luTogether the two of us -LRB- Futari de ireba -RRB- Wo n't be sad -LRB- Kanashi ku nankanai -RRB- Tu lu lu , tu lu luTu lu lu lu luDo n't forget -LRB- Wasurenaidene -RRB- This song -LRB- Kono uta -RRB- This song -LRB- Kono uta -RRB- The only downfall I can think of to this album is that Malon sounds a little too old -- but certainly nothing that 'd cause it to lose any stars . I highly , highly recommend adding this CD to your collection . You 'll be glad you did !
 This soundtrack will knock your socks off . If you loved the game , you 'll love this even more . The first thing that hit me was , '' Hey , i remember where you hear this ... and thats when you do this . '' The songs are haunting , beautiful ... and if you LOVE the Final Fantasy Soundtracks I definitely recommend this one ... . I 'd order it today !
 This is probably one of the few things that I would by all means give a five star rating for . this album arrived on time and I was overjoyed to see it . I had actually caught a few tracks of this off of Pandora , and to have the whole thing is just wonderful . It remixed the songs from the game in a perfect balance of new flair , and old charm .
 This cd was pretty good . Although I enjoy the original sound of each song , these remixes were done really nicely . You can tell the person who made these really put his heart into it . Sometimes the songs can get a little weird , and be completely different from the original -LRB- so much that you ca n't tell what song was playing -RRB- , but all in all it was great ^_^ . I especially loved the first track . The one track I did n't like so much was Epona 's Song , I did n't like the voice in it , and the person tried to make it too much of an old western sound .
 Well this cd had some dissapointments , One was the tacky Techno songs . Yes I know this cd was arranged this way , but some just go too far with it . The `` Shop '' song though is a good take on it . Changing it into a neat jazzy song . Last Battle , and Zeldas Theme ar n't too bad either . Anyway to make a long story short , If you ar n't a big fan of techno -LRB- like myself -RRB- , but want to own this , go ahead . Just a warning you might be dissapointed .
 My better half and I saw Meadowlark as a ` warm up ' for one of our faves of the same genre -LRB- David Lanz -RRB- , and what a pleasant surprise that was ! Wish they could have played more!Anyhow , we were very impressed at their unique style and energy , as well as the way they carefully crafted tunes that reflected all the emotions and senses that they intend to portray with their music . A lot of ` new age ' artists try to do this with their impressions of ` rain ' or ' a bad day ' or ` my lovers smile ' , however these guys * really * do capture the essence of the moment and feeling and lay it down on this CD in all it 's various forms and shapes and emotions ... Give these guys a go - you wo n't be disappointed !!!
 Meadowlarks ' music is like a day on vacation in some exotic place or your own backyard . Rick 's guitar playing is masterful and his compositions are always rich , melodic and moving . Lynn 's flute and penny whistle playing is the perfect voice for this great music . Fine musicians working with Rick and Lynn as always .
 Meadowlark 's music takes your mind on a visual and spiritual trip thru many different paths . This CD is their best effort so far . The cover art is a nice tie in with the themes of the music-the land .
 I found this debate to be engaging . Both opponents give excellent and compelling arguments . I would recommend this DVD to all who love a good debate .
 Wonderful product , gift for my mother . She loved it and it arrived in a very timely manner .
 Look at him whats not to love !! Plus he sings like an angel !! gave me just what I needed . Great !
 This is a high quality karaoke version of Alan Jackson 's gospel music . It is certainly country , but the quality is very good .
 If you wanted to sing to Alan Jackson 's CD `` Precious Memories '' this is a must have . These backing tracks are very close to the music and background vocals on Alan 's CD .
 Vagn Holmboe wrote a total of over twenty numbered string quartets , but he started two decades into his career as a composer , meaning that the music is of a fairly consistent maturity and you do n't have to go through juvenalia first to get to the good stuff . The entire cycle was eventually released by a Dacapo in abox set , but for me these individual CD releases that Dacapo first put out in the 1990s break that daunting collection up into manageable chunks . This here was the second volume , released in 1996 . The Kontra Quartet perform
 I absolutely love every song on this CD and have played it over and over as part of my morning devotionals on the way to my office . ` By Faith ' really speaks to me ; it 's a mercy my cassette tape has n't snapped as I play it over and over again . Vaneese Thomas is a greatly spirit-driven musically blessed woman ! Why she does n't get national air play is beyond my comprehension ! The song ` By Faith ' alone speaks to the multi-dimensional depth of her gift ; there are so many musical genres there . For anyone loving good quality music which provides praise to the Lord and spiritual uplift , ` When my Back 's Against the Wall ' is a must-have !! Do n't wait !
 This CD is dangerous to listen to at work - it gets your toes tapping , your fingers snapping and your voice humming ! My spirit resonates with joy when the vocalists sing the chorus , `` In Under the Son '' . My theme song going to work is the hard-driving , chain-gang rhythm , `` By Faith '' , an inspirational song that carries me through the day . Every song on this CD speaks to me , uplifts me , helps me to deal with what I may be going through on a particular day . The artist 's varied musical styles - R&B , traditional gospel , jazz , to name a few - all work to make this a powerful , moving CD that you can listen to repeatedly . We are blessed that Vaneese Thomas has chosen this vehicle to share her fantastic musical talents -LRB- vocal , instrumental , compositional -RRB- with us ! We have two CDs at home -- one for me and one for my husband ! Buy -LRB- order -RRB- it today !
 I f you find yourself depressed by daily news events and reporting , try a new approach . I have found that the music and lyrics on this album pick up my spirits when I listen to them in the mornings . They help me to focus on the powerful presence of God in my life . The only problem is that I find myself replaying the title song over and over on my commute to work ... and I rarely get to hear any of the following pieces . But when I do , I wonder why I waited . Vanesse is amazingly talented in all facets of music preparation and production . I am so grateful that God has guided her to share those talents with us through this spirit-filled music .
 VANEESE THOMAS HAS A POWERFUL WELL-TRAINED INSTRUMENT . SHE HAS DYNAMIC RANGE AND IS A ENERGETIC PERFORMER . I RECENTLY SAW HER PERFORM . SHE HELD THE AUDIENCE IN THE PALM OF HER HAND ; HELD ON TIGHT AND DID N'T LET GO UNTIL THE PERFORMANCE ENDED WITH A STANDING `` O '' . THIS CD IS A MUST . I WAS TRANSFIXED AND TRANSFORMED . THE LYRICS WERE BOTH PROFOUND AND RIVETING . THE MUSIC WAS DYNAMIC AND UPLIFTING . THIS CD `` TAKES YOU TO CHURCH '' AND YOU DO N'T HAVE TO WAIT FOR SUNDAY MORNING !
 Vaneese Thomas ' tremendous gifts as a vocalist and songwriter are matched only by the power of her message . This is one dynamite CD -- an inspiration . GET IT !
 I just heard Vaneese Thomas sing on the Mall in Washington , DC . Her voice is so powerful and yet in the next breath angelic . The lyrics of her songs touch me deeply . They encourage me and reveal a close , personal walk with God . This CD is a must have for every music lover . It 's the next best thing to hearing her live !
 DUNE ROXORS ALL ... MOVIES -LRB- NOT SCIFI ONE THOUGHT MIND U -RRB- . . BOOKS =-RRB- ... MUSIC ... THATS IS ALL ; -RRB-
 By far one of the very best of German rave bands on the market . American bands should take notes from the europeans and follow suite . The `` Live '' album is by far the greatest by Dune to date .
 This is definitely one of my favorite techno bands ever ! This CD brings back a lot of memories ... too bad Expedicion was so hard to get a hold of !
 definately something mystical and mind mesmerizing journeyed here ...
 This is the first of 5 albums from the band Dune . Some of theirother titles include remakes of `` Nothing compares to you `` and `` Who wants to live forever ''
 I have searched high and low for this recording on CD . This is the first place that I have found it . The music is heartwrenching at some points and sci-fi funky at others , but overall fabulous , and I am so thrilled that you have it !
 i think dune are the best ! if u like rave/happyhardcore get all of their albums !
 This is definitely a must have for those die hard techno sound freaks out there . Believe it .
 This album is the best ever . . if you dont have it you 're missing out : -RRB-
 This is the first of 5 albums from the band Dune . You can find out more about their other albums at www.dune.de . Some of their other titles include remakes of `` Nothing compares to you '' and `` Who wants to live forever ''
 Music so uplifting , you will cream in you pants
 I first heard Dune while visiting Germany in 1997 and was blown away . I finally purchased this CD about 2 months ago and must say that it is probably one of my favorite CDs of all time . I reccomend it to anyone who enjoys techno or any other kind of music for that matter . I just wish their other albums were as easy to find !
 The way Dune puts together sounds of distorted kick drums , pitched up singing , and a 303 as well as many other synth instruments is beautiful . The ever changing melodies suprise you and keep you nodding your head to the ever present beat . European -LRB- German in this case -RRB- Techno and Rave music is leaps ahead of America 's techno in creativity , style and popularity , that is most definitely where it 's at with the techno scene .
 of the books that is , I found this cd enjoyable yet it left me feeling a bit `` used '' . For me the name Dune is almost sacred and when this band first released their album I bought it . I loved it , but it 's not an instant classic . Unfortunatly this is one of those cd 's you buy and love for a short while only to end up on the bottom of your cd-pile in a matter of months if not weeks.Some songs like `` Are You Ready To Fly '' and `` Ca n't Stop Raving '' are burned in my memory , but where these songs were fun when I first heard them they are now more an itch you ca n't get rid of.Buy it if you 're starting to get into the music style .
 I bought this awesome CD and I was again surprised even though I knew this group already.I am giving it five stars and I recommend it to everyone who is a raver !
 ... This is a great enough album ... with its dominantly instrumental ballads showing off Oliver Froning 's true talents as a writer . I still prefer the later songs with Verena Von Strenge , but believe me , this is an excellent album to have . The first and last pure techno album by Dune . Get this album and Im sure you will be the only person you know who does , cuz it is ... rare
 This cd offers a wide variety of break beats and is a must for those who , must have the latest and greatest in techno and Dance
 atreides01 , even though they `` made a mistake '' in the listing , keep the cd . this is a hard to find import and one of the best techno artists out there !
 I 'm confused , in the tittle it says that is a soundtrack but in fact , the track listing belongs to a album called dune from atists of the same name and there are germans . Please before y buy it i like to know if it 's the soundtrack of the picture or the german group .
 When I think of Dune I usually think of `` Happy Hardcore . '' This CD , though is more straight hardcore before Dune got happy . So if you 're looking for something that 's fast , minimalist , and dark this CD is for you . Some pure old skool hardcore ! = -RRB- Peace,-EF -
 This is Dune 's first album and was released before they became quite as chart-friendly as they ended up . It 's a great example of German techno music and includes the excellent `` Hardcore Vibes , '' which is probably the best track they ever did . The album is quite long and ambles along very nicely . It 's just about light enough to be good background music but with enough melodies and high-pitched vocal samples to keep the average raver happy . Apart from `` Hardcore Vibes , '' I would also recommend the gloriously cheesy `` Are You Ready to Fly '' and the trancey '' ... In The End . '' Overall , it 's an excellent addition to your CD collection if you 're a fan of German techno music .
 This amazing vocalist will send you into another world ... . The jazzy backgrounds work real well with April 's fantastic haunting vocals . Stop reading , buy this now !
 First heard these songs on tape in the 80 's and I 'm glad to have it finally on a CD . It brought back a lot of familiar melodies - very refreshing to the ears .
 This one -LRB- Photographs -RRB- , along with `` Eyes of the Mind '' and `` Makeup City '' , are three of the most representative Casiopea albums ever ; songs like : - Looking Up - Dazzling - Strasse - Misty Lady - Love You Day by Dayand - Fruit Salad Sundayplayed tremendously in Jazz radio stations around the globe in the mid 80s . And they still sound updated as they did back 24 years ago .
 If you liked Salvador 's '' Chambre Avec Vue '' you will love this . If you do n't know Salvador imagine a male combination of Astrud Gilberto , Blossom Dearie , and Jane Birkin . I dont know of a male contender for his soft minimal jazz voice except perhaps Jo Gilberto . The song selection is all French ballads , played and sung with a quiet jazz , simple , sort of bossa nova delivery . No French marching songs , clever novelty songs , or over-the - top Piaf theatrics ; strictly light , fresh , crisp and airy as a nice bottle of Chablis . Romantic music , not especially for having sex , more for sitting beside your lover and listening . During the week of the recent bombings in America I listened to this CD almost constantly . It was very reassuring that , yes , there is beauty and love in the world .
 ... smooth/propulsive/bleep / clever/dark/European / techno/Jarre/Depeche / Visage/Kraftwerk/Moroder / Gorl/Anne Clark/N-Joi/Nitzer Ebb/Skinny Puppy/historical ? / Germanic/dancing/Black & White/Art Deco/Man Ray/Arts & Crafts/clean/Frank DeWulf/alien/hypnotic / erotic/invigorating/Orbital / Simian Mobile Disco/IAMX/Sneaker Pimps/disco/futuristic / dada . What more could you ask from a bit of music . This disc is destined to be a classic - at least for me . It will sit in amongst the cd 's that I even now listen to on a regular basis from many different decades.Classics never age .
 This is the Japanese release of Pacifique , a soundtrack done for a French film . This CD contains a bonus track , `` Huahine Reggae part 2 '' , as well as a bonus multimedia feature . It is missing one track that 's on the French release , `` La l&eacute;gende part 1 '' - 0:46 . A must-have for Deep Forest collectors .
 This is a splendid inexpensive Philips recording which unites two of the most thrilling interpretations I have heard of Mussorgsky 's `` Pictures at an Exhibition '' . Alfred Brendel offers some of his most probing , intense , and lyrical , playing in his brilliant performance of the original version of `` Pictures At An Exhibition '' , which was composed as a work for solo piano by Mussorgsky . And Previn leads the Vienna Philharmonic in a spellbinding live performance of Ravel 's orchestrated version of the Mussorgsky score . There is ample exuberant , lush playing from the strings and woodwinds . And the brass section 's refined playing easily brings to mind the elegant sounds of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra 's brass section during Georg Solti 's tenure as that orchestra 's music director . This is yet another splendid recording made by Andre Previn with the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra .
 This reviewer was drawn to this recording in pursuit of a nice modern recording of the piano version of `` Pictures at at Exhibition '' loving Vladmir Horowitz 's historic recording albeit it in mono far behind the technological curve . Brendel has already earned a spot on this collector 's shelf for some fine Beethoven , Haydn and Mozart . Alfred Brendel always performed admirably conveying the emotional extremes and nuances of Beethoven , so he should be well equipped to do the same with Modest Mussorgsky unless so steeped in classical period conventions reaching into a new historic period proved too challenging.This recording fulfilled its promise admirably . The piano is well-recorded and has a wonderful sense of presence . The recording is beautifully transparent and natural . Given that good piano renditions of `` Pictures at an Exhibtion '' are rare and most rather aged , here 's a great keyboard version capturing every mood , nuance , and progression found in this marvelous composition.The orchestral version conducted by Andr&eacute; Previn leading the Vienna Philharmonic is vintage Previn , rich , lush , and romantic . It 's certainly a worthy peer of the Herbert van Karajan , Berlin Philharmonic recording that is widely circulated.While this great composition no longer gains exposure from rock fans curious to hear the real deal thanks to Emerson , Lake , and Palmer 's bombastic `` art rock '' treatment , it still remains a great classical music staple . Many baby boomers ' curiousity led them to this great historical treasure and in so doing perhaps many were also seduced to the world of classical music . Hopefully younger generations will capture the magic too .
 Had the pleasure of meeting them personally while in Japan . When I played the cd , I was in heaven . Anyone who likes funk will love this cd . Hope they make the top ten . The brass & horns were outstanding ; it rocked w/a great rythm . Had it cranked throughout the house . Thanks guys were for a wonderful cd .
 I love this album and I love Laura Shay !! This album takes me back to 2006 when I was young and in love . . this album is my soundtrack for that year ! Whenever I listen to a song I get goosebumps as I 'm reminded of those sweet times !! I highly recommend this not because I have so many fond memories but because it is a beautiful work of art . The lyrics , the music , it is one word which is amazing .
 This is an awesome artist ... i came in contact with her when we were both young ... we were both in a musical named Grease . . one day i just happened to look online to see if she became something and here she has a cd out ... this is a great cd EVERYONE SHOULD BUY THIS ALBUM ... its great ... if you love Ani Defranco you will love her ... . its great and i dont say that about everyone ... not just because i knew her once apon a time but because she is a great artist ... buy this album u will love it
 I 'm a big fan of spyrogyra and the rippingtons ... but when I listen to this CD - halle - , I suddenly fall in love with this group . almost all the songs is upbeat , and it 's full band performance . my favorite one of my favorites is `` Touch the Rainbow '' . If you 're a fusion 's fan , I really recommend this group .
 An original presentation of traditional Irish music with an up-to-date interpretation of Green Sleeves . Easy to listen to . Music to warm the heart as you watch the snow fall .
 I have his first CD and loved it . Now I have this one ! This is a great CD . I love History as well as Only Grace . Matthew West is so transparent with his life and he 's so goofy . I love that in an artist . Most of all , I love how God can use someone to bring you closer to Him . That truly is what Christian music is all about !
 Prior to buying this CD , the only song that I had heard from it was ` Next Thing You Know ' . That song is very catchy and appealing to a wide variety of age groups . My teenage daughter likes it as much or more as I do.After listening to the entire CD , I was very impressed . It is definitely not just a one hit album.Matthew West has lyrics that definitely speak to Christians . For example , here is a bit from the song ` Only Grace ' : `` There is no guilt here . There is no shame . No pointing fingers . There is no blame . What happened yesterday has disappeared . The dirt has washed away and now it 's clear . There 's only grace . There 's only love . There 's only mercy . And believe me , it 's enough . Your sins are gone without a trace . `` Not only does he have solid lyrics , he has a very pleasing light rock sound . I recommend this for any Christian music fan who is looking for something new and a bit different .
 I was lucky enough to be able to see Matthew West doing an in-store concert today , and I bought the CD before even seeing him play . I was extremely impressed with his demeanor and friendly nature , so that alone made me glad I had bought the CD . But on to the review -- There is no doubt in my mind that # 6 , `` I Know You 're There '' , will be a hit . It 's a song about knowing God is there without ever seeing him . The upbeat tempo and great sound quality make it an extremely attractive track.The other songs on this CD are decent , though none really stick out to me all that much . `` History , '' the first song on the CD , is a good one . I 'd recommend buying this CD if you 're into the mainstream rock Christian scene .
 I just got this CD , along with 3 other new Christian CDs , today . But I have not been able to stop listening to `` History '' !!! It is definitely in my top 5 Christian CDs ... I have never felt so inspired by songs on a first listen as I have with Matt 's CD . My favorite song is `` History , '' but there really is n't a bad song on the CD ! I highly recommend this album !
 One day while out driving around I heard the song `` History '' and it stuck in my head . I finally broke down and bought the CD . It 's WONDERFUL . I usually skip around on CD 's -LRB- from song to song -RRB- because usually you only get 2 or 3 good songs . You can put this CD on and leave it , just let it play . It 's so good . Matthew West is so talented , he wrote/co-wrote every song . I love the music -LRB- not too hard or soft , not the same sound over and over -RRB- . These songs really deliver the message of God 's unfathomable love and grace , which is something we all need to hear more of . Just ordered his `` Happy '' CD !
 This is a great CD with a focus on the continuity of life and the blessing of grace for whatever has gone before and whatever lies ahead . Excellent , fun , touching , thoughtful tracks ! A must buy .
 Very few albums are good all the way through . This one deserves 5 stars for sure . It 's catchy , makes you feel good , and has a great message . What inspired me to pick this album up was flipping through the radio I came across the song , `` Only Grace '' , and it was just what I needed for my day . Pick it up you wo n't regret it .
 After seeing matthew West in concert after he came to my college university and sang for a packed chapel full of UMHB students , I was completely blown away and touched . His songs were so beautiful and had good rhythm and beat to them that I could n't help dancing along as he sung them . Going into the concert I thought I would n't like him , but I did . So give them a chance , you wo n't regret it and get their cd today !
 I enjoyed the music about how lives change with god . matthew west is really good at speaking directly to god . He helps me get in the mood for setting my eyes on the lord . I love his message . I recommend this cd to anyone who enjoys well written christian music about real life , from the heart . I downloaded this product on my mp3 player about a month ago and listen almost everyday .
 My wife and I are fans of Matthew West . This has some great songs , it was well worth the purchase
 Love , love , love it !!!! Would buy more CDs by Matthew West any time . Need 8 more words ... love , love , love it !
 I bought this CD after I bought his newest CD `` Something to say '' . Now I do n't know which one is my favorite . They are both so good it is impossible to put one above the other . VERY strong songwriting and VERY well produced . In addition to all that throw in some of the best musicians out there to go with Matthew 's incredible voice and there you have it . Buy all of his CD 's instantly . You wo n't regret it . I am a mostly full time drummer and I would absolutely love to play with him some time .
 Good music , good price -LRB- cheaper than buying at the store -RRB- and arrived within a few days ! My whole family likes it !
 Mathew West is one of the best Christian rock voices out there . Just saw him this summer live with my daughter and it was wonderful . Got this for Christmas and been playing it ever since !
 Matthew West is a great talent and this is a great album . Inspiring and bringing glory to the Lord .
 I love this cd . It has been such a great blessing to my family and I. Especially my 2 year old , she is always dancing to this cd . We love it !
 This CD is great . Matthew is an extremely talented singer/song writer . There is such a variety of songs on this CD that it keeps you listening without skipping around . I love all of the songs especially History and Grace . My young children love it too . I can not wait for his next CD or even when he comes to my area in concert .
 This is an awesome worship cd . My children love listening to it in the car .
 Whether you 're an avid Christian music listener or not , there 's no denying that this CD moves you both physically and spiritually . Matthew West is truly a gifted song writer and singer . I recommend this CD to everyone !
 I did not know Matthew West 's music , but heard `` History '' on a radio station as I drove home from Denver several weeks ago . Going to his knees in high school and later in college was profound and sung in unique poetry . I hurried to order the CD and was impressed with the intricacy of the music and profound message . I have since been to web site that tell about his life , music , and performance schedule . He is wonderful and in tune with the Spirit that appears to drive his life . Yeh , I 'm 58 and enjoyed the songs and could understand the words . There is hope for me with music this good .
 I have several of O'Conner 's CD 's and enjoy every one . Rainforest Magic is my favorite . I wore out the first CD and bought another . I am a nature lover and his talent for inserting nature sounds within his music is so refeshing as well as relaxing .
 I 'm a massage therapist and have lots of CD 's to relax during massage and this is one of my favorites . I had the cassette and finally , many years later found this CD on Amazon and am so excited to listen to my good friend Rainforest Magic again .
 Tony has done it again . He blends piano , pan flute and those wonderful strings . This is a real treat .
 i love this CD . I had the audio cassette and needed to upgrade . I listen to it during weekly body massages .
 There are those who insist that `` real rap '' is dead , that it was killed by R&B ; and Gansgsta and Crunk . They are the ones who stopped listening.Busdriver gives hip-hop a new direction with rapid-fire , esoteric lyrics with a sophistication and intellectualism that rises above the collegiate Chubb Rock ; like Professor Griff without the agenda . `` Unemployed Black Astronaut '' is the showcase track here , a catchy tune with a sing-along chorus that deep down unloads double cynical barrels on mainstream hip-hop , major labels , even racial and urban-cultural divisions . He continues his lament against both mainstream music and cultured music critics with `` Reheated Pop Sensation '' , a song-length prostration parody.Even Busdriver 's own adoptive subgenre of music is fair game for the rap critic of rap , with `` Avantcore '' glibly mocking the contrarians of underground/alternative hip-hop . The album ends with remixes of three of the album 's showcase tracks.No , rap is not dead , it never died , you just fell off . Time to get back on the bus .
 this is the first amazon review i 've ever took the time to write . probably the last , too ... but when i saw that this album had only one review so far i could n't believe it.busdriver is one of the most innovative and interesting performers in contemporary music ... this album is simply briliant , smart , hillarious . and the beats are tremendous too ... if you like the most invoative stuff in hip-hop
 People base reviews on personal taste . I have no beef with that , or someone who gives this album a two of three . But as you can probably tell , other people do like this album . Emcees diss their fans all the times , have you ever been to a show ? And if an emcee never criticizes themselves , then how do we know their real ? Every emcee should have an album like this . Considering it 's Easter its very odd I 'm listening to this album . I think Busdriver had a plan with this one . Maybe rip himself down with some sort of emo-suicide album , and then come again with another Temporary Forever-album . But the most important thing is that he switched up his style . He did n't want to be fast and happy Busdriver anymore . He wanted to be fast and angry Busdriver . Sometimes on this album I think he should just stay pissed -LRB- Unemployed Black Astronaut -RRB- and sometimes I wish he would just go back to Temporary Forever . Overall this album is not as good as Temp . Forever , but I like this better than all his Temp . Forever wannabe albums . If you really like Busdriver but think his writing is monotonous , buy this album.PS also here 's a tip for a reviewer . Express your opinions without completely trashing fans of the artist and the genre . I mean seriously if you bought the CD you were obviously a fan of the guy at one point in time , so are you a clone pseudo-intellectual like the rest of us . Oh , and if you 've ever listened to Temporary Forever , he explains the name .
 Busdriver is from the Project Blowed LA crew . However , this album was n't released on that label . The title of this cd is obviously a play-on-words from Public Enemy 's renown `` Fear Of A Black Planet . '' This title should give you some kind of idea of the unique and intriguing personality that Busdriver possesses . This is the first cd I bought from him , although I 've heard him with Haiku D'Etat on their last cd.It took about three full listens to completely get into this cd . To say Busdriver is unconventional is an understatement . There 's just nobody out there like him . From the different flows and voices he fiddles with , to the different characters he plays , no one is similar to Busdriver . He 's quite funny at times , and sometimes even insightful , but the best way to describe him is witty . Wit is definitely his game . As `` far out '' as these songs are , there were still a couple that were to `` out there '' for me -LRB- `` Wormholes , '' `` Low Flying Winged Books '' -RRB- . The rest of it is classic Busdriver though.Haiku D'Etat members Abstract Rude and Mikah 9 enhance the experience by appearing on different songs on this cd , and other Project Blowdians Ellay Khule and 2mex show up too . The four of them are involved , separately , in `` Map Your Psyche '' and `` Sphinx 's Coonery , '' obviously standouts . Other good songs I remember were `` Unemployed Black Astronaut , '' and `` Lefty 's Lament , '' but to only focus on these songs is a disservice to the rest of the album . The three remixes are very good , and the intro was actually worthwhile.I keep hearing that `` Temporary Forever '' was a better album , but I sure like this one though . However , I would n't say it 's for everybody . If you REALLY like Hiphop , especially the real sh # % that 's experimental and devoid of gimmicks
 This is a great album , it 's got a little something for everybody , ranging from pure heat to pop tunes to abstract hip hop.This album features production by Paris Zax , Thavius Beck , Daedelus , & one track by Omid . Remixes by Invisibl Skratch Piklz DJ D-Styles , Prefuse 73 , and Nobody . Cameos by fellow Project Blowedians Abstract Rude , Rifleman Ellay Khule , Mikah 9 -LRB- Freestyle Fellowship -RRB- , and 2mex .
 Rap sucks , but Busdriver proves that it does not have to . He mixes intelligent lyrics , with rapid-fire delivery , and catchy beats . I highly recommend this and all of his albums . I personally think that this is his best album to date , but everything he does is platinum to me , but 99.999999999 % of hip-hop audiences do not know that and they are missing out . They can have their Eminems , 50 Cents , T-Pains , and other crap while true hip-hop fans listen to what hip-hop should be - Busdriver , Aesop Rock , and the other unknowns that are incredibly talented . Just buy this c.d.
 i loved this cd . it was gotten for me as a gift and little did i know that i would enjoy this cd so much . the production is low end , but the song is warm and sounds like an old 70 's singer . the remixes are fun and the poem at the end makes you smile.i visit his website and read his other poetry on occassion.i 'm sure he wont mind you going to his site.angelfire.com/ne/dasbruce2001/i know he lives here in texas now , i wish him the best on his endeavors .
 One of the best soundtracks I 've listened to in a long time . The quality of the music on this soundtrack is unbelievable . Just listen to it and you 'll know . It rivals even some of the best of movie scores . In my opinion better than Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon Score and a tad bit better than Last Samurai . Again , excellent score . You do n't wan na ' miss this . All of the music is more than suitable for a major motion picture . The only downfall of the soundtrack is the last song and it 's price . If you can find it for a bargain good luck . But I 'm sure there are `` other '' methods too .
 Shenmue is one of my favorite games , which is why I had to get the 2-disc Original Soundtrack . However , the soundtrack was disappointing . It was good in some parts , but the best songs were too spread out to be entertaining enough for a listen from start to finish . Then I looked into this Orchestra Version and it is much better by far . I can listen to this thing over and over and over . And the songs that I love from the Original Soundtrack sound even better in this version . The difference is amazing . The Original Soundtrack sounds muffled and lifeless compared to the Orchestra Version . There seems to be an air to the music and it seems to surround and envelop me.Definitely a must get for any Shenmue fan . But go and get it brand new from -LSB- ... -RSB- for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , not for this ridiculous price of $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . It 's not good enough to warrant that price .
 I bought this album after hearing it play in my local record shop . I had never heard Kathryn before and I immediately enquired as to whom this mellow , soulful woman was . I was totally spellbound after hearing the thoughtful lyrics combined with soft yet not syrupy vocals wrapped around smooth musical arrangements . I have seen Kathryn live and she is every bit as good . Her voice needs no gimmicks or fancy production styles . For people who have n't heard Kathryn 's work , the vocals are reminiscent of maybe The Sundays or St Etienne , mellow and dreamy . However I feel the real strength lies in the excellent song writing ability . She writes mainly about her friends and relationships but some of her songs focus on the abstract . In both arenas she is consistent in her bare , questioning style . Unlike some modern folk singers she does n't have political points to make or a chip on her shoulder and so the result is refreshing and more accessible than some of her contempararies.She has that magical storytelling quality and so you feel you can identify with all she says . A little bit like Joni Mitchell but instead of being drawn in all the way you are with Mitchell 's work , you remain on the edge a spectator , wondering . She retains a sense of mystery . By keeping this distance the whole package is less intense and thus it is perfect chill out music . I feel this album is stronger than her first album `` Dog Leap Stairs '' . Kathryn sounds a lttle more at ease with her self and it is a quietly confident album . Musically it is bolder in the way that it uses more instruments which lift the mood and save it from the danger of becoming too sombre or self indulgent . Particularly good is the use of the Cello . If you are new to Kathryn 's work , this is an excellent place to start . If you get a chance go and see her live . She is an excellent performer and I am sure we will hear much more from her .
 Kathryn Williams ' Little Black Numbers won a well-deserved Mercury Album of the Year nomination in the UK in 2000 and while this budding folk/pop album contains many delightful touches , it feels like the gateway to greater things.Progressing from the sparse , minimal arrangements on Dog Leap Stairs , LBN delivers at least two potential crossover hits on Soul To Feet and the mannered , brooding Jasmine Hoop . Worthwhile and highly recommended , Williams is an artist to watch .
 Little Black Numbers is fantastic . Clearly influenced by Nick Drake and all the better for it - probably more listenable than Drake long term . My favourites used to be Stood , Jasmine Hoop and Fell Down Fast . Now I 'm getting into Soul to Feet , Flicker , Morning Song and Each Star We See . I would recommend this to anybody interested in good musc .
 A gem is a phrase all too often used in the sweet world of singer-songwriters , but here it applies . Kathryn Williams , along with the better known David Gray , is one of my two favorite singer-songwriters of the last couple of years . Her songs are intimate , her voice lush and appealing . The backing is subtle and effective ; the tone reflective and gorgeous . The really special song here is track 8 , ` Tell The Truth As If It Were Lies ' which is the perfect acoustic folky tune , very catchy and beautiful . It is also great at night , as the whole of this album is .
 I 'm happy to have purchased this CD again . It took me a while to get it again but I 'm pleased to say I 'm enjoying this CD once again , another great CD .
 I love the soundtrack the game ! It is a calm soundtrack yet enjoyable !
 ... then you will really LOVE the soundtrack!Believe me!It is the original sountrack , if you listen to the music you will find yourself in Akroplis Tower , in Dryfield , well in the shelter again , and you 'll see ascending final eve in pod bottom . -LRB- the gives me the creeps ... -RRB- After omake -LRB- kind of remixe -RRB- there will be two bonus tracks , one 5 min remixe , and a short Flint barking : -RRB- Enjoy it ! -LRB- its sad , the cd is not available in Germany -RRB-
 This Dacapo release from 1995 features , over two CDs , Gert Sorensen playing six percussion pieces by the great Danish composer Per Norgard , with an unusual bonus track . Sorensen has long been a prominent musician in Danish musical circles for his collaborations with a number of figures and his interest in integrating percussion and electronics . The music here was recorded in his home studio with the help of Palle Mikkelborg , that famous Nordic jazzman.Norgard 's first solo percussion piece was `` Waves '' -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , written at the height of his psychadelic phase . In this 20-minute long work , the drummer plays repeating patterns where ever so gradually certain notes are emphasized while others are dropped . This is a hypnotic piece , slow and undramatic but steadily vaster . It 's also useful for understanding Norgard 's later music , as the `` Waves technique '' appears in such works as `` I Ching '' and the Symphony No. 5 . `` Isternia '' -LRB- 1979 -RRB- was originally written for cimbalom , but the untimely death of the dedicatee obscured the work for some years . Portions of it were arranged for flute and harp as `` Sonora '' , but eventually Gert Sorensen made the transcription for marimba we hear on this disc . This work is based on phrasings that cut off before they would naturally finish . It 's a lovely work , especially for marimba , but it does n't seem as deep to me as other Norgard.When Per Norgard wrote `` I Ching '' -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , he was exploring extreme shifts between idyll and catastrophe , inspired by the schizophrenic Swiss artist Adolf Wolfli . It features several of the technical discoveries that Norgard had made to date , including the infinity series -LRB- a method of generating melody with fractal-like self-similarity -RRB- and novel accelerandi . Each of the four movements of `` I Ching '' takes its title from a symbol in the Chinese classic . `` Thunder Repeated
 I listened to the CD one time with my mom and then I could n't stop listening to it . My favorite song is Friendness !!
 I enjoy sharing the songs on The Virtues with my own children . The messages conveyed are positive and uplifting , with each song addressing a different lesson in morality , compassion and kindness . This is a wonderful collection of music that I would surely recommend to all parents !
 This is a quality recording with many music styles like rock , country , gospel and reggae . Jennifer Russell has created a fun tool for learning the lessons of the Virtues . My sister is a teacher and she 's using it her classes . It 's great !
 While enjoying the many varieties of musical styles , it 's a confort to know that my family is `` tuned in '' to music that they can live by and learn from . Each song offers a positive message of self-worth and confidence to young listeners . The lyrics and melodies soothe the pressures of an often confusing world and strengthen one 's faith in believing that we are all special and certainly do have a purpose in the web of life
 I just purchased this CD Set for use in the classroom and the children just love it . Wonderful songs about kindness , caring , honor and self-esteem . Great music ... thank you Jennifer !
 straight edge at it ` s very best , the first step -LRB- livewire records -RRB- know how to deliver ,10 incredible tracks
 1 . Honey Suckle Rose Room2 . You 're So Indiff ` rent3 . You 're My Thrill4 . Out Of Nowhere5 . Prisoner Of Love6 . Stormy Weather7 . The Man I Love8 . Where Or When9 . I 'll Wind10 . Mad About The Boy11 . I Got ta Right To Sing The Blues12 . I Did n't Know About You13 . Somebody Loves Me14 . Ca n't Help Lovin ' Dat Man15 . The Lady Is A Tramp16 . One For My Baby
 I was looking for something lightweight and easy to clean and this is exactly what I got . Also the inserts are adequate size and thickness so they wo n't tear easily . Thank you . I love it . Actually I got another one later on so now I have two .
 This music will stay with you your entire life to render your life a theme , happy music . Coltrane 's life work .
 Great service ! Your product was the least expensive . It arrived within three days of ordering . Thanks so much . I 've told family and friends of your website . Keep up the outstanding job your website is doing .
 This came quickly and is guaranteed to make our grandson who is a jazz lover happy ! He is wheelchair bound and listening to his cds is one of his favorite things to do ! Thank You for listing this and for its prompt delivery .
 Great sound , great performance of a classic album . Watts is a monster on the drums ! How can you go wrong with this line-up of musicians doing this album ? You will enjoy it for sure ...
 For someone who does n't usually listen to Jazz , this recording embodies the highest ideals jazz sets for itself . Great , virtuoso performances with a lot of soul and love .
 I do not think it is overstatment to compare `` A Love Supreme '' to anything residing within the highest eschelan of music . Absolutely brilliant . Stop reading , click buy ;-RRB- .
 ... Anyways , moving on.Not your normal coltrane , but then again ... what IS `` normal coltrane '' ? Most of his work is filled with mid-boggling solo 's accompanied by only the best musicians times had to offer . This is something that will bring tears to your eyes ... when you begin to understand and appreciate it that is . I still remember hearing it the first time , I thought it was overrated , but then , like all good jazz , this grows on you . And boy does it get big ! -LRB- bad joke -RRB- ... I have giant steps , blue train , and now this . Just the begining of my coltrane collection . But this is most definatly a great way to start .
 simply the greatest jazz album in the last 50 years.this album is a gift from God.it explores and explains our connection to all that exists.it changes the lives of those who listen to its messages.it is a work of pure genius
 This is as fine example of jazz that exists on a recording . I have heard a few that may equal , but none to surpass . There are not enough stars in this rating system to `` rate '' this performance and the contents of this performance
 if i could give this album more than a 5 i would . there is really not much to say about it . it is heartfelt , beautiful music and i feel like crying every time i hear it .
 This session begins with the shimmering peal of a gong , and you enter into the somber , mysterious and intense world of 1964 John Coltrane . `` Love Supreme '' , a poem of great tonal color and emotion , hailed Coltrane 's religious awakening and a new period in which he embarked on a mission to uplift people . Prior to the recording of this album , Coltrane 's faith was tested by the bombing of a black church in Alabama , and the death of Eric Dolphy and the tumult of the 1960s -- civil rights , change , new music , new worlds . All of Coltrane 's recorded work from `` Love Supreme '' forward was groundbreaking on every level . This is not for listeners who are new to Coltrane , or those who wish to hear the mainstream Coltrane of the Prestige and `` Blue Train '' period . This is for the more serious listener seeking a different and more challenging experience with sound , and with history .
 I came up on rock , and only became interested in `` A Love Supreme '' when I heard it mentioned twice on U2 's album , `` Rattle and Hum '' . I listened to a little bit of `` Acknowledgement '' and was definitely curious . I went to Borders and bought the CD a few days later and was blown away . I have often heard the phrase `` speaking through his instrument , '' but this is the first time I can honestly believe it . Coltrane 's sound really does sound quite a bit like speaking . I am able to follow it up and down as though it is engaged in some lyrical conversation with itself and the rhythym section , which is also very effective . This CD gave me an appreciation of Jazz , and I highly recommend it to any listener .
 John Coltrane is at his finest with `` A Love Supreme '' . The mellow mood of the four tracks make you want to do nothing but get lost in each crescendo of the music being played.Trane does something with the alto sax that no one has been able to emulate , let alone come close to . The work on this disc is definitely supreme , and in my opinion , is one of the greatest jazz works of all time .
 I just recently started listening to some jazz . I read a lot of the reviews here and thought I 'd give this album a try . Needless to say , this album is trully a special gift to all who enjoy good music . The story behind the album only makes it that more special . Everyone should have this album even if your not really into jazz . Do n't put it on as background music . Put it in your cd player , sit down for 40 minutes and really listen to it . As time went on , I found myself being drawn to this album . You will too ... Give it a try !
 Much like the title of this review is the way I feel about John Coltrane 's 1965 masterwork . For a man who made so much brilliant music in his brief life , `` A Love Supreme '' is one of those rare moments when music becomes a purely spiritual experience . Though I 'm fond of the entire album , my personal favorite is `` Pursuance '' -LRB- part 3 -RRB- / `` Psalm '' -LRB- part 4 -RRB- , the long suite that took up one entire side of the original album . Years after hearing for the first time this music is still incredibly beautiful , complex , challenging , yet accessible all at the same time . Not many musicians can accomplish all of that in stroke , but ` Trane did . A cornerstone to anyone 's jazz collection .
 This CD is regarded by some as the pinnacle of the achievments of Coltrane 's legendary `` classic quartet '' -LRB- Coltrane , Tyner , Garrison and Elvin Jones -RRB- . Coltranes work on the Impulse ! label between 961 and 1965 with this quartet is among his best -- one could pick up any of their recordings with confidence . I 'd consider `` A Love Supreme '' to be the most essential of the Impulse ! recordings . This CD is a unified suite consisting of four `` movements '' , and is consistently good.However , Coltrane fans may want to skip this and get the 8CD box set `` Classic Quartet
 Some albums take you back , make you dance , and some transport the listener . Where you go on that journey is the genius of the album and the genius of John Coltrane . Through his own spiritual journey , Trane is saying , `` Here 's where I am . Where are you at ? Where are you going ? '' , and he challenges and compels the listener to rise to a level of consciousness , self-awareness , and community with the Divine they may be unaccustomed to and might find uncomfortable . That 's why those who are looking for `` catchiness '' or a tiptoe through the tulips are missing the entire concept of this masterpiece . There are times when I find myself in a `` Coltrane state of mind . '' It is that place where intellect , reason , spirituality and meditative sel-examination work in lockstep to show or reveal something you had n't before realized . When I find myself there , I listen to this album . I am not a hyperbolic person , in fact , I consider myself quite reserved . This album , however , leaves me at once humbled , grateful , and lifted . Adjectives ? Seminal . Visceral . Incandescent . Enlightened . Transcendent . Epiphanal .
 Thirty-three minutes of perfection.If you have not heard this , you can have no grasp of John Coltrane 's importance in the jazz world . There is an entire church based around his music . That says more than I ever could .
 I could never have expected such joy as I feel everytime I listen to this album . Simply put , I have never encountered any jazz album which allowed its players such freedom , yet retained the central themes . And above all else , this music will make you feel good .
 A wonderful and creative album . Great listening from start to finish . Belongs in every jazz library along with Blue Train , Giant Steps , and Kind Of Blue .
 Arguably the best album John Coltrane ever recorded and consistently mentioned as the greatest album in jazz , `` A Love Supreme '' lives up to everything that it is discussed as.Coltrane was riding an artistic high -- enormously successful thanks to 1960 's `` My Favorite Things '' , he had quite a bit more latitude than many musicians , a producer who would support his every experiment in Bob Thiele , and a band willing to go wherever he needed -LRB- pianist McCoy Tyner , bassist Jimmy Garrison and drummer Elvin Jones -RRB- who he 'd developed a rapport with over three years of constantly working together . He 'd just recorded the stunning `` Crescent '' several months earlier and entered the studio in December to record this suite.The piece , as indicated by the liner notes Coltrane penned , is spiritually informed , a prayer offered to God . The music itself is based on relatively traditional structures , but Coltrane manages to juggle a number of influences and sounds -- shades of Thelonious Monk , Miles Davis , Ornette Coleman and Albert Ayler all run through it . The suite is broken in four movements -- `` Acknowledgement '' is patient and building , revolving around a four-note bass motif -- Trane is exploratory and yearning . After a brief bass solo , this moves into the frantic `` Resolution '' , where Coltrane rails against his theme , turns things over to a oddly meditative yet equally frantic Tyner , and then solos himself in Monkish fashion -- extrapolating off his theme and exploring the sort of spiritual ecstacy that he heard in Ayler . A brief drum solo signals the transition to `` Pursuance '' -- Jones is full of energy and explosiveness and this sustains throughout the piece , Coltrane 's extended solo is nothing short of stunning , full of fire and energy before suddenly taming down and surrendering to Jones briefly then an astonishing solo by Garrison . Finally , the long exhale after the tension -- `` Psalm '' , finds Coltrane meditative , almost wistful , and informed with a sense of optimistic melancholy.When it 's all done , it 's an experience . Many listeners find this the first truly unlistenable Coltrane album -- too much for its own good , but it certainly leaves its mark . My assessment is that the album is nothing short of stunning .
 John Coltrane 's `` A Love Supreme '' is an elegant masterpiece . A flawlessly conceived suite with spiritual overtones , `` A Love Supreme '' features the saxaphonist at his most reverend and focused . The repackaged edition is an example of what happens when you take a great record and make it even better . Disc one has the entire album painstakingly remastered by Rudy Van Gelder , and the sound is significantly superior the original monaural mix . On the new version , we witness a huge improvement in clarity , and Coltrane projects even more fully than we 've heard before . But disc two , which clocks in at 77 minutes , is the Real Deal for Coltrane completists . Those who have bootlegged copies of the France live recording can now toss them out the window , for that performance , along with a few alternative takes of other tracks , surfaces here . The live performance , recorded in July 1965 , is a must-listen for any lover of jazz . In fact , in many respects , I think it 's just as good as the original version . For example , I was really blown away by the live rendition of `` Pursuance , '' which kicks off with a fierce two-and-a-half minute drum solo by Elvin Jones that must be heard to be believed . Coltrane then goes full throttle with his sax and amazingly holds his own during this 21-minute excursion which is sure to leave you amazed . `` A Love Supreme '' is one of those albums that you ca n't say `` no '' to . If you have to own any copy of this classic , this version is definitely the way to go . Not only is the sound quality better , but the outstanding live performance and alternative takes on disc 2 provide a more intimate look at this recording . Highly , highly recommended .
 In a time when jazz was becoming less popular , this four-part masterpiece recorded in 1964 , is John Coltrane 's attempt to give thanks to God . In doing so , and regardless of your religious beliefs , he delivers a performance in the company of McCoy Tyner -LRB- piano -RRB- , Jimmy Garrison -LRB- bass -RRB- and Elvin Jones -LRB- drums -RRB- that makes it clear what he meant when he said in 1966 he planned `` to become a saint '' in response to the question about his plans for the next decade . Sadly , he died of cancer not too long after that statement , but he left a legacy of work that - like this album - are testimony of what an inspired soul can let flow and give to others . Today , almost forty years after its original release , Coltrane 's memory is alive and kicking and his timeless work continues to inspire musicians of all genres across the world . In my journey of discovery of this beautiful jazz music , this album has turned out to be a true musical revelation and I want to share it with you too .
 One of the problems about music writing is that some albums get built up so much , that they become cheapened and burdened by all the praise heaped on them - and the praise is REALLY heaped on this album . After all , a great record is an accident . It is so hard to have all the factors come together at the same time - the songs , the musicians , a good engineer and a producer who will let the recording experience unfold without trying to impose a personal ` sound ' on the finished product . Despite all these things being in place , things can still go wrong . On this album , it all went right . The main reason for that is the great empathy , understanding and respect between the musicians . To my mind , this album is about a state of mind and its unfolding . If that sounds obscure , it 's not meant to be . I ca n't think of any other way to put it . Listen to this once in your life , even if you do n't like jazz . You may find something missing from other music after you listen to this . Stick with it , as the mood changes throughout . It is a classic , but it 's also a record made by human beings . Do keep that in mind .
 This album is pure and raw Jazz . Every song demonstrates Coltrane 's prowess on the sax . In one word this album is 'em otion . ' Coltrane seems to poor his whole heart into this project . All the players are in peak performance mode and it shows as each take their turn demonstrating their talents . On the track titled `` Resolution '' McCoy Tyner struts his stuff on the piano , and Coltrane makes his sax literally cry . I would consider this one of the greatest Jazz albums of all time.Historically speaking , this was one of only two albums that Coltrane recorded all year in 1964 . Coltrane 's other album that year was titled `` Crescent . '' `` Love Supreme '' was awarded gold status by 1970 and I can see why , it is a great album.The beginning of `` Pursuance/Part 4 - Psalm '' is a drum set that is wonderful and then Coltrane comes screaming into the song with a wonderful brassy sax sound . This is followed by Tyner who is all over the keys of the piano . This last track is pure and raw emotional jazz.This album could hold a slot next to Miles Davis ' work titled `` Kind of Blue . '' The album is dedicated to God , whom Coltrane says in the inserts , is the `` Love Supreme . '' If you do n't have this album then you are missing one of the greatest Jazz album 's ever recorded . Get it and see why all the reviews below rave on about this masterpiece .
 Rudy Van Gelder and the entire Impulse team deserve tremendous praise and gratitude for what a remarkable transformation in sound quality they have delivered on the studio and live performances of John Coltrane 's immortal and masterful A LOVE SUPREME . Unless you 've been listening to Afghan radio the past 35 years , you should have no doubt as to the importance of this work to the entire spectrum of Twentieth Century music . It is hard to imagine a more important composition or performance from any artist , let alone someone as immortal himself as the wonder inspiring John Coltrane.That said , as happy as I have been with all of my copies , from vinyl to previous remasters , I was completely blown away by what I heard for the first time . I 've had a number of Euro copies of the live performance , and by comparison , this CD makes those renditions sound like a cover band.You 'll have to take it at that . There is not enough space to discuss the overwhelming significance and the mighty protean performances in the studio and on the concert stage by Trane , Tyner , Garrison and Jones . They were firing on all cylinders at this point in their careers and what a mightily profound and soul stirring legacy they have left the rest of us mere mortals . John was clearly contemplating the image of God in this work , and this passion infused here is as terrifying as that of Francis of Assissi in mid-stigmata , or Gurdijeff in whirling dervish absorption , or the Boddhisatva at the moment of enlightenment . Passionately mystical , this work is one of a love supreme by its creator for his Creator . To think now you can hear it as closely as it is possible as John himself might have heard it - well , I can not tell you the stunningly profound impact it will have upon you.Purchase this CD . It will live with you forever .
 John Coltrane , one of the true masters of jazz , affected every corner of the jazz world when he released this album . The sheer power and beauty of the music breathed new life into jazz and streched the imaginations of many . To this day , A Love Supreme is an album that can be an inspiration to all people around the globe . His music is so extraordinarily powerful - it can make one laugh , cry , get angry , beam in utter rapture , and love and fear God.To me , on this album John Coltrane not only grabs at every human emotion , but manages to become that emotion . That 's what the album really is - it is raw human emotion , pulsating out of every drum beat , every bass hit , every chord , and every saxophone note . When John Coltrane created this album with his quartet , it almost sounds as if he were possessed by God and became everything the human soul embodies.While some may claim that the album is n't good for relaxing after work or on a Sunday afternoon , I would say that exacly the opposite is true . Every time I listen to that album , I am put in a trance , a state so indescribably euphoric that I could exist like that forever.But alas , the album is only 45 minutes long ...
 Not only does this set have wonderful remastered sound and the inclusion of the French performance to its name , as many reviewers have noted , but also studio takes of various movements played by an expanded ensemble , which are interesting bonuses.Regarding the sound quality , let 's begin with that of the main course , the original 1964 studio take of A Love Supreme . Balance is improved a little , and all the instruments sound fuller and truer . They 've really polished a gem here , considering the original sound -LRB- as with any Impulse ! recording -RRB- was good to begin with . Of course one could n't expect any less with Blue Note 's engineering maestro Rudy van Gelder at the helm . And as far as the sound of the live performance goes , the bass and piano sometimes get a little too far back for comfort , but even then they are still audible , so there is no real complaint about the recording quality of the live recording.As for the live performance 's playing - some of this stuff is off the hook . Listen to Elvin Jones crash into a fury in the opening of Pursuance , and Jimmy Garrison 's bass solo in the middle of the same movement . That bass solo in particular will rip the hair off your head . Garrison plays the lumbering instrument like a flamenco guitar
 I 'm not exactly an expert with Jazz music . I mainly listen to alternative and classic rock but I 'm always open to new types of music . So when a friend of mine said he was getting into John Coltrane , I had to find out what the greatness was all about . So I bought myself a copy of `` Love Supreme '' . I was not dissappointed . I was not only impressed by the music itself , but the musical talents off all the players . This is not purely a John Coltrane record ; McCoy Tyner makes a huge impact on this CD as well with his piano playing . I believe it 's the second song where he performs an extended solo . Coltrane certainly let his musicians have their space . But Coltrane is certainly the star . His sax playing has as much personality as any vocalist could possibly have . It 's almost hypnotizing . I love playing this while relaxing . I also own `` My Favorite Things '' but I like this one a little better . It 's a certainly a must-have to anyones CD collection , no matter what music you normally listen to .
 This is not a good album . It is not a great album . It is not a fantastic , magnificent , or wonderful album . I do n't think those words are enough for it . I listen to this album quite often , but I do n't have to . It 's playing in my head all the time . I do n't even know if `` album '' is the proper terminology here - despite my staunch agnostic beliefs , I consider it more of a spiritual experience . A Love Supreme is Coltrane 's masterwork , a stunning three-part suite devoted to God . Over the course of his illustrious , all-too-brief career , Coltrane made many superlative albums , be it the `` sheets of sound '' blues on Giant Steps , the traditionalist triumph My Favorite Things , the introspective Coltrane 's Sound , or the mind-blowing free jazz experiments found on The Major Works of John Coltrane . But this album outstrips all of them . Simply put , it 's an uncomparable work of art.This marks the end of an era for Coltrane . From the time he captured the imaginations of jazz fans worldwide via his stunning work with Miles Davis and Thelonious Monk , as well as the many classic albums of his early career -LRB- see Blue Train , Lush Life and Soultrane -RRB- , he was arguably the most respected saxophone of his generation . This would be his last album to receive universal acclaim , the last to be widely recognized as a classic even today . Shortly after this album came out , Coltrane would take his music into a new , controversial direction
 John Coltrane , Elvin Jones , McCoy Tyner , and Jimmy Garrison are acknowledged masters of their instruments in the field of jazz . From my 45 years in the jazz field I have not yet one jazz musician who would not acknowledge this.As a musician who was following jazz -LRB- and especially Coltrane -RRB- in the sixties , this record blew us all out when it first came out -LRB- with the exception of those who were hearing Trane live on stage or playing with him -RRB- . It was one more amazing step in an amazing musical career of an amazing musical talent . 1964-65 was also very culturally craetive time in American music in generalI am sorry to say that we expected this kind of expansive music to continue to expand and evolve , but as time has gone on -LRB- now almost 40 years later -RRB- , this album stands out today as my favorite . I want to say that it is the best of the best , but that kind of discernment does n't fit into the jazz ethos where each genre has its own unique flavor , expression , and contribution against an organic backdrop where there is not static standard . In other words , if I said best , then this may reflect negative on another work of art or artist that is no less exquisite or beautiful . here I am not desiring to compare , but simply to state that this set is uniquely powerful.Now some one who does n't like jazz or did n't like `` new jazz '' might not like `` a Love Supreme '' , but for some one who is open and listening there exists incredible power and beauty here -- love and wisdom in these sounds where these master musicians have dared to go ! This is muisc that I can open up to and trust!Thank you Elvin , Jimmy , McCoy , and John !
 I 've listened to this disk for about thirty years . I bought the LP , the cassette , the first CD , the re-mastered one from ' 95 , now this one . This 2 CD set is really the remastered version and a live disk . If you 're into Coltrane - and this is him at his best -- just spring for this version as it 's worth it .
 The opening notes of `` Acknowledgement '' are like a call to prayer ; enter the musical spiritual house of John Coltrane and share in his grace and praise . There are not enough superlatives to define this disc . Like the title of the opening track to his timeless suite , `` Acknowledement , '' all praise must be given . The incantations and notes played are played with such clarity and reverence that it is clearly eveident that this music was inpired from a higher source . I own four copies of `` A Love Supreme , '' the original vinyl , the CD , a bootleg version of the live performance , and now this most excellent package known as the `` Deluxe Edition . '' By far this is the best because of several reasons . First and foremost is the superb sound and the sheer beauty of the music . Second is the inclusion of the only recorded live performance -LRB- at a jazz festival in France -RRB- of the suite in it 's entirety . Third are the alternate takes of `` Resolution '' and `` Acknowledement '' which are historical documents getting their first authorized release . The alternate takes feaure Archie Shepp -LRB- tenor saxophone -RRB- and Art Davis -LRB- bass -RRB- as they contribute to the enduring legacy for a different rendering of the parts of the suite . Last and not least is the informative and entertaining booklet with a contribution by his son Ravi Coltrane , a fine saxophone player in his own right , who lends is thoughts on the suite . Also contributing is author Ashley Kahn who has written two jazz books , about two of the best jazz recordings ever , '' Kind of Blue '' and `` A Love Supreme . '' Her thoughts are featured with some insights into the recording based on her book . Also the original liner notes are featured with Coltranes thoughts on his suite.The music stands alone on it 's merits and is arguably one of the best jazz recordings ever . This is a must have disc . If you do not have any versions of `` A Love Supreme '' than definetly spring for the extra buck $ and go for this Deluxe Edition as it is worth the money . If you have no Coltane whatsoever than get this disc . If you have plenty of Trane you still need this version of `` A Love Supreme . '' If you have it already give a copy to friend . In short everyone should own a copy and this is the best version . I looked forward to the release of the Deluxe Edition and bought it right away . I have been listening to it ever since . You will never get tired of this suite and your soul will be elevated each time you listen . In these ungodly times the timelessness of Coltranes music and the holy spirit within lives on , share a moment with JC now and forever . Buy this CD now ; a journey awaits you on your musical odyssey .
 I 've just started exploring jazz and this is definately the best album I 've bought so far . With this album , John Coltrane takes you on a journey . It 's as if you 're watching a movie . A real masterpiece , which you can listen over and over and over ...
 A Love Supreme has very significant meaning to me and many others who grew up in South Central L.A. at the time of its release . We where kids and did n't really know what we where hearing but we listened with great intrest . A love Supreme is a spritual experience set to music . However it was quickly adopted as the national anthem of the Black revolutionary movement of the 60 's . All of the emotions expressed through Coltranes horn represented the feelings and attitudes of the times . Which was for equality and peace . That era has past as well as Coltrane himself . Ironically that cry for freedom can still be heard in this recording which will never die .
 With this album Coltrane proved that jazz can be , and is , about more than just virtuoso chops and technique . The Spirit World and the inner pursuit of knowing oneself were not things to which most jazz and/or jazz musicians aspired to , previous to this album.This album is a glorious `` first shot fired '' in the revolution of spirit-jazz . The music contained herein is at times meditative , at times swinging , at times mournfully rumbling , and always focused on the task at hand ... communicating feelings to the listener.This album is often compared to a later Coltrane album , MEDITATIONS . If you own that one and have found that it is too much for you , try this one . Both albums epitomize Coltrane 's spiritual leanings , but while A LOVE SUPREME most often resembles some sort of humble prayer , MEDITATIONS most often resembles The Creator unleashing all of its fury upon those who dare to remain unhumbled in the presence of The Gods .
 Before I begin , let me cover some ground that should be addressed ... Mark J. Slezak 's review of this CD has been rated as not being helpful . THAT IS RUBBISH . Reviews should NOT simply gush praise upon a CD - something which I shall being doing forthwith - they should offer an honest opinion buttressed by some foundation of familiarity . Mark admits that he if fan of jazz and notes several artists that he admires ; then he offers his opinion with respect to Coltrane 's `` A LOVE SUPREME . '' His review has value and , for some , has merit . I would suggest a listen to Ornette Coleman ` sFree Jazz -LRB- A Collective Improvisation -RRB- . A chaos most infuriatingly beautiful.As for my opinion of John Coltrane 's `` A LOVE SUPREME '' - there are hundreds of thousands of nascent Jazz fans who have one single CD in their collection : Kind of BlueAnd , if truth be told , my Jazz Listening Fellow Felons , knowing such a fact as this inspires a bout of crestfallia in yours , definitively . I am dejected that so many venture out to the beach head with > * AVENTURA * < scripted on their hearts ; tipp 'd on their tongues , only to wet the souls of their feet before they scurry back to the soul brown beauty and sock-it-to-me safety of the ` ALL BLUES ' of Miles Davis . . `` Ah-whata good place to be '' - > -LRB- London 0 Hull 4 -RRB- . Truth , I think of all the JAZZ they 've missed , and it makes me feel kind of ... `` A LOVE SUPREME '' is a rather nice compliment to `` KIND OF BLUE . '' The CD is adventurous and bold , but Mr. Coltrane , always your friend , offers a tether as he takes you from track to track to track . This you may hold on your first and second dive for LOVE SUPREME can be just a bit frightening at first blush for the softer Venice Biennale ear . Upon first listening , the unfamiliar , faced with this unfamiliarity , may be nudged to listen away to weaker sounds . But , with each successive listen , you will - on my sacred honour - fall deeply for Coltrane 's `` LOVE SUPREME . '' For I assert - with a certain kind of klint - that `` A LOVE SUPREME '' is a very nearly a perfect sound , from note 1 , to note 2 , to note OUT.dma
 Probably the best-known selection in Coltrane 's entire outstanding body of work , it certainly is among non-jazz listeners who have long made it one of the greatest crossover successes in the history of mainstream jazz . The reason for this is all in the feeling . From the opening stroke of the gong to Coltrane 's chanting of the title to the evocative and moving saxophone `` prayer '' at the conclusion this is one of the most profoundly moving and powerful performances ever recorded , in a way that touches us as human beings , not as jazz fans or rock fans or as anything other than lovers of great music and great art.Anyone from the devout to the unreligious can not fail to be moved by Coltrane 's heartfelt expression of the spirituality that he found after sinking to the depths of addiction . Coltrane 's triumph over heroin and his thanks to God are what informs every note that is played . Yet , the truly wonderful thing about A Love Supreme is that as instrumental music -LRB- aside from the chant -RRB- it is universal to people of all languages , all cultures and all religions -LRB- or even no religions . -RRB- Everyone can draw strenghth and inspiration in their own way from this amazing and vital recording.Coltrane and his brilliant quartet -LRB- McCoy Tyner , Jimmy Garrison and Elvin Jones -RRB- present a masterpiece of classical/jazz/spiritual that goes far beyond the reaches of mere jazz . What it is , is a work of art , one of the greatest ever , and one that should be enjoyed by all for as long as hope and love remain in this world.Way more than 5 stars . Timeless , profound and absolutely essential .
 For something like John Coltrane 's `` A Love Supreme '' to move the human being to such heightening can not be overstated in any realm of adulation , regardless of praise 's nature tendency to overvalue . It was less than two years ago that , by chance , this disc found it 's way into a CD player that I had been borrowing . As a shallow jazzist , at best , I was one day perusing through the limited Jazz section of an independent CD/bookstore in Whistler , BC . I had listened to much Coltrane by then , but only selectively . The limits of my Trane knowledge where painfully obvious by my utter ignorance of his actual works , or albums ; all that I had enjoyed to that point was , embarrassingly , downloaded material . When I saw Coltrane 's `` A Love Supreme '' for $ 15 , I did n't think twice about dropping the money . Finally I could hold tangible , material proof of my love for the saxophone - at the time , that 's all I really thought the album could hold in value , as I had never known of it 's existence , -LRB- let alone it 's legacy -RRB- . That night , as friends and I were on a road trip and crammed into one single hotel room , my under-the-kitchen-table mattress proved itself not in propriety , as a sleeping device , but rather as celestial ; it was my Coltrane refuge . My under-table mattress was an other-worldly hideout , and with the catalyzing effects of `` A Love Supreme , '' the most blissful , quartet sounds ever to be recorded transformed all that I felt myself to be . Since first experiencing the masterpiece that is `` A Love , '' not once has my hard mind not been softened by the grace , and purity of those four musicians , who recorded a piece , on one innocent day , to shed light upon an often otherwise dark existence . `` A Love Supreme '' is of the most effusive Trane reveries , and is arguably one of the greatest works of art ever created .
 One of the few times when only five stars is inadequate.The accolades for this piece of music are still coming . National Public Radio recently listed it as one of the greatest musical pieces of the twentieth century . Its influence among musicians of any genre is inestimable . It should be part of any music lover 's collection , not just any jazz music lover 's collection.The remainder of John Coltrane 's ouvre are more than enough to secure his place in history in American music . `` A Love Supreme '' marries a great composer with a great quartet in a great recording securing his place for the ages . McCoy Tyner 's keyboard work especially on `` Resolution '' and the dirge-like `` Psalm '' is breathtaking . Elvin Jones ' solo and accompanying work on `` Pursuance '' is without equal on any jazz or rock album . And Jimmy Garrison 's bass lines throughout the album are a flawless counterpoint to Coltrane 's excursions . How tragic that his life and career were far too brief . As for the master himself , I have always preferred ` Trane 's work on the soprano saxophone . I feel that he is freer , more angular with the soprano . The one exception is his tenor work on this album.I highly recommend this album to anyone interested in music . It does not get any better than this .
 S&oacute;lo conozco un momento musical que rivaliza en intensidad con este &aacute;lbum
 I can not believe that some one actually believes , much less has the bravado to voice aloud , that Kenny G. plays better Jazz than John Coltrane . Kenny G. does n't play Jazz ... he plays pop music without any lyrics , which come to think of it , is really the definition of Pop music . Man ... take your head out of the sand . Kenny G. does n't deserve to be mentioned in the same breath as John Coltrane . The fact that you do n't get A Love Supreme tells me that you do n't get Jazz . I guess you think that Blues Traveler plays better blues than John Lee Hooker .
 This is one of the best Jazz albums that I have ever heard ! Oh , to the Reviewer below me COLTRANE PASSED AWAY IN THE LATE 60 's , COLTRANCE PUTS MUSCIAL INEPET DUDS LIKE WARRENT AND RATT TO SHAME . . HIS ONE SINGLE SONG THAT IS ON THIS ALBUM IS HARDER TO COMPOSE THEN 10YRS OF WARRENTS AND RATTS MUSIC COMBINED ...
 ... for getting this CD . I ca n't write much more than other reviewers have ; I simply want to go on record as one of the zillion people who think this is a masterpiece .
 One warms to this album after hearing it for a few times.In the beginning , it can sound a bit foreign
 This recording is proof that God exists . Like seeing Michaelangelo 's David , climbing the red rocks of Sedona or listening to the giggles of a four-month-old , hearing this disc leaves one with a sense of well-being and light , knowing that the Universe is not just a random play of molecules after all , but a deliberate dance of infinite possibilities and joy.Coltrane pushed and pushed himself his entire life , but here he just pushed his ego aside and let it flow.These are not merely musical notes . They are echoes of the primordial Om , a prime example of Man 's capacity for perfection . Truly A Love Supreme.I guess you could say that I dig this album .
 With the exception of Miles Davis ' `` Kind of Blue , '' `` A Love Supreme '' can certainly lay claim to being the greatest jazz album ever made . This is John Coltrane 's Masterpiece ! Words can not adequately describe `` A Love Supreme . '' Trust Me - You must hear it ! This album is angelfood for your head ! Considering that it came out in 1964 , it 's timeless & still ahead of it 's time ! The Beatles at that time wanted to `` HOLD YOUR HAND ! '' I never grow tired of hearing it & each time I hear a fresh element to it ! Trane 's sax delivers it 's urgency thru the album like flowing water & burning fire . This music will convert you into a Coltrane fan . Trane 's message of Universal Love & Peace is woven into this great work . Garrison 's bass ties the Trinity Suites together . Trane 's influences can be heard in the music of Sounds of Jimi Hendrix , The Byrds , & Carlos Santana . I highly recommend it to anybody that loves GREAT MUSIC !
 Clearly influenced by his years free from heroin and alcohol , and his subsequent spiritual odysseys into Islam and other eastern orthodoxies , and his theretofore newfound sense of freedom to make music according to his own inspiration , A Love Supreme is unquestionably Trane 's cleanest and most spiritual music . `` Allah Supreme ... Allah Supreme . '' Is that a refrain in A love Supreme ? Well , that 's a question for the ages , but it sure sounds right and I would n't bet against it . This is the Album ... this is Trane ! This album has long reigned as the supreme work in its genre.It 's difficult to discuss Trane and only discuss Trane . It 's impossible to fine-tune the late saxophone prophet with a review of one album -- and I 'm not saying that can -- but if I were to attempt such a thing , this would be the album . Trane was a ubiquitous musical innovator , and only God knows where he was going with his music . No one could fathom the depths of Trane 's creative emotions , he all but yearned to make the meek strong , cure the leper , make the lame walk , and turn water into wine -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , by simply manipulating breath through a reed instrument . Did he work all those miracles ? We could argue . Now I 'm not implying that the man was Moses , but he did things with his ax that no one had ever done before . Trane parted the red sea of the jazz world and came through with a new sound and many followers . His music was at once , his crusade and miracle , and his saxophone was his staff.Now some would argue -LRB- perhaps very successfully -RRB- that Trane 's best jazz plays from a much darker period in his life , when he and others on the jazz set were perpetually inebriated or stoned beyond cognition on and off the set ; nevertheless , I 'll accept all takers in saying that this work represents the best of the person we know as John Coltrane , and is perhaps his best music , if it 's not his best jazz.The great John Coltrane is one of the most important and influential jazz musicians of all time , and one of the greatest musical masters of the twentieth century . When I listen to John Coltrane , honestly ; I do n't hear a soprano saxophone -- I hear John Coltrane . And that 's exactly what he intended . A sound Supreme.Now have I shaped a halo above Trane or this album ? Both .
 This vinyl pressing of Coltrane 's classic album is simply amazing . If you have only heard this record -LRB- or much of the great late 50 's to 70 's jazz stuff -RRB- digitally , you will be amazed at the warmth of the audio on vinyl . Get a record player and listen to this stuff in natural analog ... it is stunning .
 The negative reviews are from people with poor taste and poor ears . As for the review in ` trying-to-write-Ebonics ' - titled `` What 's the hype , dog ? '' by some idiot from Garden City , MI United States - white guys fronting as black guys is very easily discerned by the knowing . Know that , playa-hatin ' white boy!Now - to the album . This is very pure music that comes undiluted from the soul of a highly evolved and empathetic human being - who knows the depths and ecstasies of the human soul - and who has the genius to express every shade of his gigantic wisdom and understanding.You do n't need to look up a jazz encyclopaedia and throw words around to understand this - people who do that are usually trying to show off because they lack soul.A healer plays these sounds - a medicine man . Coltrane is truly a Bodhisattva .
 Where do I begin ? Trane surpasses our understanding with this work of art on record . FULL of heartfelt expression of love , pain , desire , and a man who fully understands the what grace really is . The album must be considered as a whole and not in parts . It is one extended thought . It is his relationship with God from beginning to end . The hard times as well as the easy . The omnipresence of God is in his notes . There are studyings in Univeristy music classes on this one album . There are books written on this one album . Do not underestimate this album . Do not merely listen to it ; study it , analyze it , think about it . Then pass it down to the next generation so that they will know and understand the greatest musical and artistic gift we 've known .
 Seriously , how someone can listen to this album and not hear that it is an achievement that soars above what musicians are usually capable of is beyond me . Simpy put , this is transcedence . This is true religious experience.By religious , I am implying that this music does no less than summon the presence of god himself . No , obviously I do n't mean religious in the sense of organized religion -LRB- joke -RRB- . This is religion in that all of the contradictions of god , man , crisis , joy , reflection and emotion are fused together in the ultimate praise of existence . Despite all the misery and suffering in the world , one can fall to one 's knees and simply be thankful that there is joy at all , and become thankful to simpy live . This music is both the acknowledgment of this and the catalyst of this feeling in the listener . It simply is thankfulness.As such , it is more than just music . The beauty of such raw power and expression is SPIRITUAL in its nature . Listening to this album , a man who is caught in the absurdity of life may suddenly find his reason to continue going on.In regard of technical skill , Coltrane , Tyner , Garisson and Jones were second to none at the time , and even if other muscians have since surpassed individual members of this group in musical technicality , they have also fallen short of producing a similar spiritual experience . This is right up there with the greatest compositions of all time , from any genre of music.If you do not know this album , you are ignorant . Go and get thee to a record store!I know I come off like a snob , but I just feel this strongly about the extraordinary achievement of A Love Supreme .
 Disc 1 contains the original version of the suite , in a new remastering based on a better tape-source than previous cd-versions . On a good hifi-system the sound quality is markedly better than the mid-90 's 20 bit-remaster -LRB- which again was much better than the original cd-version -RRB- . Still , the original master tape is not yet found . When this `` miraculously '' happens in ... say 4-5 years , we will all rush out and buy `` Love Supreme '' again ... But this one sounds great!Disc 2 -LRB- all mono -RRB- contains the only live-performance of the entire suite , recorded in the turbulent year 1965 . It is the first authorized issue of this recording , which has been available in some budget/bootleg-versions . The sound-quality is more than acceptable , the performance red hot . The alternate studio versions of `` Resolution '' and `` Acknowledgement '' are enjoyable .
 I listened to this every day when I was a teenager -LRB- ~ 1970 -RRB- -- it pretty much defined my life . I left it behind somewhere in my mid twenties , then bought it again 15 years later . Then I threw it away.But I 'm sitting here listening to it again.The problem with most music , except a lot of Indian classical music , is that it pulls me badly into its trip . If it 's good it really affects my life for a long time . A Love Supreme is beautiful and painful and above all big . It takes over . It is like a drug with strong side effects . It is more like meth than mushrooms . I love it but it really really hurts.Be careful .
 A Love Supreme is generally viewed as John Coltrane 's masterpiece . That clearly seems to be the view of most reviewers here on Amazon . As I write this review , the album has received 118 5-star reviews out of 131 -LRB- just counting reviews associated with editions linked by Amazon to this one -RRB- . So , 90 % of reviewers give it 5 stars . But more than that , the titles of the reviews reflect extreme passion and devotion
 I have the deluxe edition that includes the Antibes performance of A Love Supreme as well as that `` lost '' recording with Archie Shepp and Art Davis . I do n't think this additional material is all that necessary unless you are a student of this man 's music.The actual release `` A Love Supreme '' is a recording that belongs in every serious music collection . This is wonderful , inspired music . It is the pinnacle of Coltrane 's career , no question . Everything about Trane 's music changed from this point forward . A Love Supreme is a summation of all his previous work and an introduction to the music to come . It is probably the most sincere , heartfelt work ever release by a `` jazz '' musician , perhaps any musician.There are two recordings in post-bop jazz that transcend everything else . 1 . Kind of Blue2 . A Love SupremeIf you are a musician , the Lewis Porter biography is an essential companion to A Love Supreme . It contains detailed analysis of Trane 's approach to improvisation on this masterwork.One amazing fact about this release is that it was put together with very little rehearsal and preparation . The music was not fully written out for that matter . Given this information , it 's amazing how PERFECT this recording and the performances of all of the musicians , both collectively and individually really is.In summary , A Love Supreme is one of America 's finest contributions to world culture and a high point in the creative spirit of humanity . What more can be said ?
 I do n't care what kind of music you predominantly listen to , you have to experience this CD . You may not `` get it '' with your first listen . I know that I did n't . But I kept playing it . I kept myself open . And then one day something imploded within me . My soul ? My spirit ? I do n't know , but there was now a new hole in me that was filled with nothing less than the Holiness of John Coltrane 's Wondrous Hymn to the Divine.This is n't music ... it really is n't . Music is something you can dance to , or hum along with , or maybe make you want to break out in song . This is a meditation ... a devotion to the God of All Creation . I do n't care what your personal beliefs are . This CD transcends creed , race , belief . It moves through all without judgment . It is the sound of Grace and it belongs to the universe . It is the OM vibration moving Its Impersonal Self into and through the personal self . It is the `` I '' of God presenting Itself as Acknowledgement , Resolution , Pursuance , and Psalm.Coltrane and his collaborators do not play the instruments ... they are the instruments through which the Divine plays through them . It is simply a breathtaking recording that will never leave you the same ever ! You wo n't put this on for background music . You wo n't be doing the laundry or reading the paper . You 'll be sitting in your room with the lights off , a few candles lit , maybe a stick of incense burning and you will BEcome the message and the message will BEcome you.May we all be split wide open and may Love Supreme enter into and through our collective dream of what we are and who we may become .
 1 . The recording : It is not enough to say this is a classic . It needs to be experienced . This album will take you to another place , like meditation.Praise God for the one - , two - and three-star reviews , because at least these listeners opted to give this a try , even if they did n't fully experience it . You do n't need technical knowledge or expertise to appreciate this album . Just sit down in a darkened room away from distractions , shut the door , close your eyes and listen .2 . The vinyl : Get this record , and get it now ! With all of the flimsy , scratchy , substandard vinyl being churned out these days , the quality of this one is quite impressive . This is a nice , sturdy vinyl that feels like it could have been picked up back in 1964 . The sound quality is warm and natural , perfect for this glowing album . It 's the way it was meant to be heard .
 I 'm new to Jazz and I find that I love this stuff . I guess it 's bop . This is a must have album for anyone . I highly recommend . I got it on vinyl which is still one of the best ways to hear music . Love it !
 After years of being a music lover I have just begun to get seriously into jazz . Heard this collection mentioned on the radio and checked it out . This is incredible music , an absolute `` must have '' if you love jazz or want to explore it .
 I 'm no expert on jazz but this album is as gorgeous and soulful as any music I 've heard . From the very first note , you know you 're hearing something both deeply personal and timelessly heartwrenching . I 've read that there 's a church in San francisco that worships God to the music of John Coltrane . Listen to this if you want to know why .
 Some albums take you back , make you dance , and some transport the listener . Where you go on that journey is the genius of the album and the genius of John Coltrane . Through his own spiritual journey , Trane is saying , `` Here 's where I am . Where are you at ? Where are you going ? '' , and he challenges and compels the listener to rise to a level of consciousness , self-awareness , and community with the Divine they may be unaccustomed to and might find uncomfortable . That 's why those who are looking for `` catchiness '' or a tiptoe through the tulips are missing the entire concept of this masterpiece . There are times when I find myself in a `` Coltrane state of mind . '' It is that place where intellect , reason , spirituality and meditative sel-examination work in lockstep to show or reveal something you had n't before realized . When I find myself there , I listen to this album . I am not a hyperbolic person , in fact , I consider myself quite reserved . This album , however , leaves me at once humbled , grateful , and lifted . Adjectives ? Seminal . Visceral . Incandescent . Enlightened . Transcendent . Epiphanal .
 It is a rare treat when an album as hyped as A Love Supreme lives up to the exaltations and praise of its reviewers . All you have to do to dispel any fear that this album is not as good as they say is to listen to it.Upon my first listening of this album , I was mesmerized . The master , John Coltrane , has created an album that is pure musical bliss . His playing is perfect and there is no denying the awesome power this album can hold over the listener.Buy it . Listen to it . Live it . This is a must have for anyone who appreciates music in any form .
 It was 2 a.m. and I was walking under a star brilliant sky in the company of age-old trees , when the music of a love supreme replayed itself in my head . I suddenly understood what acknowledgement and resolution meant . This is much more than just music .
 When I hear so-called smooth `` jazz '' by Kenny G and others , I think of how none of their material can ever compare to this . A Love Supreme is amazing from start to finish . John Coltrane puts all of his soul , feelings , and emotion into his music . His style on the saxophone is aggressive , beautiful , and breath-taking . This is one of the best albums in all of music period and needs a space in your collection .
 John Coltrane tapped into the eternal when he wrote and performed A Love Supreme . A biographer said that he retreated into meditation for a day prior to the recording session . It is reflected in this music . Buy this CD and be transfigured .
 Arguably the most emotionally charged jazz album ever made . It both brings tears to my eyes and makes my fists clench . There is an eerie power to this record that has nothing to do with Coltrane 's prayers in the liner notes or any superimposed hype . This is genuine , painful enlightenment in its rawest form , guaranteed to make the listener at once uncomfortable and ecstatic . Fabulous .
 John Coltrane 's `` A Love Supreme '' is a required piece for every serious Jazz collection . No other album in the history of popular Jazz pronounces , so effectively and inspiringly , the suitability of spiritual expression by musical means . Few artists -- of any genre -- ever tap into what Coltrane explored on this album . It is music for meditation , confession of sins -- music to thank and praise God to . Thank God for John Coltrane !
 When John Coltrane recorded this album in 1964 , he intended it to be a tribte to God ; the record is an epic four-part suite , with each of its sections representing a stage in the struggle for spiritual unity with the supreme being . The music is full of passion and power , bulging with internal conflict and meditative grace . ` Trane 's playing here is incredible - it 's as lyrical as anything Miles Davis ever did , a virtuoso display of emotional resonance and controlled chaos . The rest of the players are n't so shabby themselves
 This is a deeply spiritual album . It never ceases to move me in some way everytime I hear it . It feels so real and authentic that if you 're not careful , you may shed a tear of joy or two . It 's just one long suite , made by Coltrane after he kicked his heroin habit and found his soul and God again . It 's not often one describes a jazz album as moving -LRB- Miles 's Sketches of Spain is the only one who comes to mind -RRB- , but there 's really no other way to describe this wonderful , transcendent , beguiling album.Many have said this jazz album has changed their lives . Sometimes I think that 's hyperbole when someone says `` it changed my life '' -LRB- not just this album , all artistic works -RRB- . But then , art definitely enhances lives , makes them more meaningful , and maybe ultimately change them in some meaningful way , and this is a work of art , no doubt . I think the change is gradual , but stuff like this can jumpstart many people . It 's really inspirational , even today , which makes it even greater than the day it was made . It still speaks to many people . The tones and emotions that Coltrane brings here are universal , and still speak to us all ...
 I do n't know why some people seem to think this album is not structured or something . Maybe it 's just me but I get the feeling that a great deal of thought went into the overal composition . If you 're not used to music that does n't have a clear cut melody perhaps this is n't your cup of tea . But you can safely disgard most contemporary non-pop music then.I 'm more of a contemporary classics listener myself -LRB- have been for years -RRB- so I guess I 'm used to this kind of thing.In fact this does n't sound so shockingly non-musical or a-melodic to me at all . It 's pretty straightforward jazz.I was a little bit dissappointed even with regard to that respect . I thought it would be more different . I liked it plenty the first time but now after a few listens I 'm starting to appreciate more of the detail in it . Good stuff !
 I have to say that John Coltrane 's `` A Love Supreme '' is not my favorite album to listen to -- but I ca n't imagine being without this music . `` A Love Supreme '' is a monument of praise to God . It moves into , through and beyond all the mere emotion and striving of human experience . I ca n't imagine how deep Trane had to reach down into his gut to bring forth this thing of beauty . And the beauty is the thing . This is not my favorite album because its beauty confronts all the weak parts in me . I have not yet attained a freedom to deal with such confrontation ... Yet , every time I put this disc in my player , there is the beauty . There is the truth . It is a great mystery to me how , admidst the emptiness that characterizes life here on planet earth , a person -- in this case a musician -- can put something together that speaks so clearly about the Love that calls us out of our flawed , mortal selves to something greater and beyond all that we can see . Such is the case with `` A Love Supreme . '' I recommend `` A Love Supreme '' to all those brave enough and honest enough to know `` enough '' will never be enough . I recommend it especially to those who want to grasp what Paul was saying when he said
 Love the new vinyl but I 'm still waiting on my other one . . Where is it ?? But I digress . . I love my new vinyl !
 My opinions on this record are going to be nothing new than what 's already been said . In case you are wondering , it IS everything that people have said it is and more . I would venture to call it the greatest jazz album of all-time -LRB- yeah , I like it better than ` Kind of Blue , ' although both are great albums that you absolutely must own -RRB- . I do n't care what kind of music you like , whether it be punk , rap , electronica , '50s rock , I really do n't care . If you do n't own ' A Love Supreme , ' buy it now . No matter how tight your budget is , buy it now . There are few albums that are truly life-changing experiences . This is one of them.However , I will say this
 What can I say that has n't been said already ? This guy is a genius and way ahead of his time . People did n't understand him then and most do n't get him now . For the few of those who do get John Coltrane , what a sheer joy . The one word I use to describe `` A Love Supreme '' is passion . There are n't too many people that have had that much passion for anything . John Coltrane bears his soul to put this work of art together.I read some of the 1-2 star reviews and guys trust me I understand what you are going through . A lot of Coltrane 's stuff was difficult for me to listen to when I was starting out . Now my ear is mature enough and what I first considered to be noise is now some of the most beautiful sounds ever created . Be patient .
 John Coltrane-A Love Supreme ***** While running the risk of blabbing on way to long about an album so obviously great I loose sight of what is important ... hearing the darn thing , so I 'll be brief.I for the longest time put off checking out Coltrane , and finally bought A Love Supreme and it changed music for me forever . The way I listened to it , what I listened to it , and most importantly how I listened to it.As many have said it is an album designed for praise , not singularly of God but that of bigger things and more enlightened things . Something that frees you really . That was what Coltrane wanted , and album so uplifting that it takes you through your whole entire life , and every emotion you have ever felt in one single listen . This is not played out that way in any linear sense but in a metaphorical way told by way of his sax , Tyners piano , Jimmy Garrisons bass , and Elvin 's incendiary percussion.Played as a four part suite as Coltrane gift to God in thanks for all he has Coltrane gave the greatest gift anyone would ever hope to receive . ` Acknowledgement ' begins with a flowing sax line from Coltrane that becomes instantly recognizable and will fill your head forever more . Played almost like a hymn with the album title chanted over and over again for a together effect . Elvin Jones ' begins ` Pursuance ' with possibly the worlds only non boring drum solo which segues perfectly with the rest of the piece which features Coltrane and Tyner soloing almost as a dual . ` Pursuance ' and ` Psalm ' close the album . They both play better and feel right when played one before the other as the album is supposed to be played for an uplifting effect.A Love Supreme became the last acclaimed Coltrane album . After this he began to experiment more and more and some say lose the soul his music once had . Others say he only then hit his creative peak . Either way there is no denying the absolute power and sensitivity of A Love Supreme , an album unparalleled by any other . Just like John Coltrane himself .
 John Coltrane wrote and recorded his work , `` A Love Supreme '' after having an intense spiritual awaking and often stated that he believed the album to be his musical love letter to God . The album is probably , next to `` Blue Train , '' Coltrane 's best known work by the world as a whole . While I belong to the point of view that everyone of Coltrane 's works was a work of genius and that they were all truely works of great art , `` A Love Supreme '' ranks as one of my favorite Coltrane albums . The music on the album is amazing in it 's mixing of moving melodies and ballad-like moments and intense and passionate experimentation that would become a standard in Coltrane 's later works . The piece as a whole truely feels as if one is going through Coltrane 's spiritual awakening as well as one moves through the stages that each of the pieces that make up the album is named after . I have always believed that there was a special significance to the art of music and it being perhaps the only art form that can bring natural in contact with the divine and Coltrane 's work is truely proof of this theory . Whether you are new to Coltrane or jazz in general , you ca n't go wrong with picking `` A Love Supreme '' as a strarting point .
 Over the years I have tried to introduce people to this music . Mindset has a lot to do with whether and how you receive a work of art . I wish that everyone could be with me on that hot summer night , many years ago when I first heard this work . If only I could give you the gift of that moment for your very own . If you can open your heart to this music , let yourself meditate through this incomparable thing perhaps you can know the beauty and penetration of a Love Supreme , a Love Supreme , a Love Supreme ...
 Some of my friends who are not true jazz afficianados have told me they hate this CD . It is certainly not one of Coltrane 's most accessable works . However it is an absolely haunting and beautiful suite of music that rewards the listener who gives it a fair chance . If you like jazz that is foot-tapping and rhythmic this may not be your thing . It is a great example of freeform improvisational jazz by an artist who helped define the genre . A highlight for me is the explosive drumming of Elvin Jones on this particular CD ... he is just amazing . From the incredible opening few bars all the way through this is music that is soulful and intense .
 This is the first John Coltrane recording I purchased and what a introduction . The title track is one of Coltrane 's best . There is such a chemistry between Coltrane Elvin Jones and Mccoy Tyner that you are mesmerized . This recording is definetly a spiritual journey . This recording is one of my all-time favorite recordings . Truly this is an essential album to put in your jazz collection . You can tell that Coltrane was a man was on a mission with this recording . All those hours of practice he would put in practicing his instrument is so inspiring to me . Add `` A Love Supreme '' to your collection and enjoy .
 For all those seeking the ultimate jazz experience this is THE album . Man seeks for meaning by finding the beautiful aesthetic . Coletrane has helped all of us to find that moment and to think the moment was recorded . A Love Supreme stands right at the border between beauty and chaos . While many later avant garde works and even the later works of Coletrane run past that border and become difficult to listen to , A Love Supreme remains in the realm where the listener is allowed to enter the experience of the artist . A Love Supreme is the ultimate jazz album THE CLASSIC !!
 Please disregard any comment you read on this piece of music , and listen for your own sake .
 This is a supreme achievement by one of the greatest small groups in the history of Jazz . Rarely are the spiritual and the visceral so closely intertwined . Coltrane 's earthly tenor saxophone begins on the ground and takes of into the sky . Regarded by many this master 's finest work , it 's also one of his most accessible .
 John Coltrane 's `` A Love Supreme '' is one of the best jazz albums , and one of the best albums of the 20th century for a few good reasons
 John Coltrane-A Love Supreme ***** Being a massive Miles Davis fan but not owning much jazz other than Davis , Coltrane came highly recommended , especially A Love Supreme . So I finally broke down and bought it , and my only gripe is with myself , that I did n't buy this masterpiece sooner ! Upon hearing the title I assumed it was a spiritual album of sorts , and I was correct . The album symbolizes Coltrane 's search for music , spiritual , and cultural freedom . Though I 'm not sure he live long enough to see all those things go into effect , I am pretty sure he did gain his musical freedom.A Love Supreme plays out like a suite of hope , redemption , and remorse . The power of McCoy Tyners piano through out adds elements of life to a bleak bass line like that of Jimmy Garrison -LRB- and by bleak I mean melancholy -RRB- . Coltrane 's tenor saxophone is chilling at times , especially during the droning ` Psalm ' which closes the album . But what makes this album especially memorable for me is Elvin Jones . His playing through out the album is phenomenal . Some of the all time best drumming I have ever heard . ` Pursuance ' has easily the best drum solo of all time ! Eat your heart out John Bonham ! ` Acknowledgement ' opens the album with a bold statement wrapped in polyrythyms , While ` Resolution ' like the title may suggest seems to be the answer or counter part to ` Acknowledgement . ` As you all know A Love Supreme is a classic jazz album , but more than that it is a classic album of all time branching more that just jazz . So do yourself a favor and do n't put it off any longer as I did . Because this must be heard to appreciate because my review chances are did not do it justice .
 This is one of the top 5 albums of all time . Coltrane is on fire , McCoy is on fire , Jimmy Garrison is on fire , and Elvin is murderous . Out of all of tunes , my fav is Pursuance . It 's passionate , has a hard bopish-avantgarde feel and yet it still swings . Out of the park !
 The four major spiritual works of art and/or literature since the beginning of history are as follows
 This is an amazing recording that deals with spirituality and an unconditional love that we should all give to each other as humanbeings . This recording is flawless including the extras that are included on the bonus cd which includes his only Live performance of A Love Supreme as well as many outtakes which includes Archie Shepp who was a close friend and collaborator playing his screechy Sax on the alternate recordings of Acknowledgement . I think everyone should buy this recording it is very creative and innovative for 1964 .
 This is a deeply spiritual album . It is a glimpse into one man 's soul and his journey to God.Part 1 , `` Acknowledgment , '' is to me an inner conflict given form in music . Coltrane is desparing , looking for a reason for life . His sax screams and whimpers in pain and turmoil . On and on it goes , him fighting against the pains of life , looking for an answer , but I also feel that part of him does * not * want to acknowledge it . Finally , however , after much soul-searching , he arrives at it . The answer is God
 Got ta tell ya what happened when I first bought this album in 1974 . My housemate Eric and I must of played it 10 times the first day . That bass line got stuck in our heads for the next week . It became like a mantra . If we bumped into one another on campus -- we 'd start humming that 4-note baseline that was playing in our head . Then Eric 's signifigant other , Jill , got the tune stuck in her head and she did n't even like Jazz . We had to stop listening to the album until we got that wonderful set of notes out of our heads.So twenty five years later , I 'm talkin ' with one of my co-workers about John Coltrane and I told him how that 4 note theme got stuck in my friends and myself . He laughed and said the same exact thing happened to him and his housemates ! So I started humming the theme everytime I saw him.Guess what happened ? Yep we got the theme stuck in our heads . If he saw me coming , he 'd cover his ears in attempt to prevent that theme from getting caught in his head . We did this for several weeks.So How many other folks had a similar experience ?
 This is my favorite jazz album ever . Granted , until recently I was only a casual jazz fan who did n't actually listen to much of it . Lately however I have been exploring many definitive jazz works -- I have loved all of them , but _ A Love Supreme _ stands above even the other deserving classics . If any jazz album is worthy of a Divine Power , it 's this one for sure . Few albums are so engrossing -- be it mentally , spiritually , or emotionally . _ A Love Supreme _ is a celebration of a relationship with a higher being , but it is also about inner emotional states and life challenges so even atheists and agnostics can have a deep spiritual experience . John Coltrane pours an ineffable beauty through his sax , and even when the key-centeredness vaporizes with his aggressive tenor epiphany , it remains elated and radiant . The final movement , `` Psalm '' , is a meditative , stately thematic climb where Coltrane sings to the heavens in a composite language of jazz and prayer . Blessed is Coltrane to be accompanied by such an empathetic group of musicians . They feel the love too . Elvin Jones is an exact , splashing thunder . His drum solo on Part 3 sounds like a temple rising from the earth to focus the forthcoming praises of Part 4 , `` Psalm '' . Tyner McCoy 's piano is a thing of complex beauty and grace . Jimmy Garrison 's heavily melodic , intimate bass is an earthy fixture to enable the heights for which Coltrane aspires . The consummation of their intense interplay and support for Coltrane 's praise to God makes for one of the best musical experiences ever . I 've only had this for a short time but I find the spiritual power of this CD viscerally electric . You really should own this if you do n't already .
 John Coltrane 's expressionistic existentialist masterpiece is released in a superbly remastered edition with essential additional material . This album is the turning point for Coltrane , away from his past material that was closer to hard bop and into the realms of free jazz . This was just before he picked up the atonalities that would be trademark of his later recordings but gives the listener a chance of what is to come . Spiritually rich and expressionistic , it is one jazz 's greatest albums . If you own the original album , it is worth the purchase for the additional disc . Outtakes of the album with Archie Shepp included , it also has a full length concert of the only time the album was performed publicly . By this time , Coltrane had picked up the dissonance of his later albums and to some listeners will be less satisfying but for those who appreciate Coltrane in all his complexity , is well appreciated . Highly recommended .
 This is rightly recognised as one of Coltrane 's best recordings -LRB- or at least that has been true of the LP core which so many of us have known for so long -RRB- . Do n't allow yourself to be put off , or for that matter unduly enthused , by the knowledge that Coltrane saw himself as involved in religious homage when producing this miraculous music . It IS miraculous , even to those who , like myself , are not or hardly religious . The intensity and concentration of the music is a blessing by any standard , and to the extent that Coltrane by his own admission felt himself inspired by a supreme spiritual power , and called on to express his reverence , one can hardly deny that his music here benefited enormously . I do n't like the record more than some of his others , like the one simply called `` Coltrane '' , or `` Africa Brass '' , but it is certainly ONE of his very best
 John Coltrane is well known for his technical prowess , as manifested on the impossible-to-play `` Giant Steps '' , but he truly distinguishes himself through his ability to hypnotize the listener with his intensely penetrating and spiritual saxophone work . Much of his work with his early 60 's quartet was spent searching for a deeper emotionalism . 1962 's Coltrane , though uneven , is an excellent example of the beginnings of this style , which is typefied by long , intense , modal soloing and a great facility with producing a variety of sounds , some rather uncouth , on the horn . 1964 's Crescent shows Coltrane in a similarly contemplative form throughout , simplifying his style even more , to the point of playing only the head of `` Lonnie 's Lament '' . But the ultimate crystallization of Coltrane 's spirituality is the album that was his gift to God
 This being John Coltrane 's `` gift to God '' , a sound , feel and true spirit runs through this wondrous recording . Picking highlights is pointless , this is THE definitive Classic Coltrane Quartet document . Modern Jazz simply does n't get any better than this and for my money , this release forever altered the way modern music is percieved . This is a sprawling , cohesive statement that deepens with every listen . Elvin Jones is not simply a drummer , he 's a percussive pyrotechnician ! Jimmy Garrison stops and starts these pieces with a melodic bottom-end that has rarely been matched and the brilliant McCoy Tyner adds some of the loveliest and most heated piano flourishes of his career giving the album an almost classical feel . ` Trane himself has never sounded better , laying his very soul bare on every cut . After this , everything would change -LRB- I think for the better and even more adventurous -RRB- but for a brief , shining moment `` A Love Supreme '' found this restless soul kneeling at the altar offering praise to GOD above . His expression and artistry will haunt you forever , and that 's a wonderful feeling .
 I bought this CD when I was trying to get acquainted with Jazz . It taught me something I try always to remember
 For someone who is not a music afficionado or jazz expert , this album took a few listenings to appreciate . But once I stopped talking over it , driving during it , working through it and simply listened , the revelation was Amazing . I can not tell you how the melodic lines complement the chord changes or anything like that . What I can tell you is that this album brings forth a joy from deep within me . Coltrane 's sax simply screams , yells , leaps , and sings with unbridled happiness . I can listen to Persuance/Psalm over and over and over , and every time I get the same emotional response . Coltrane and his crew felt something as they recorded this , and looking through the liner notes , I can understand where their happiness stems from . Simply put , this album is Unbelievable .
 John Coltrane . Superhuman musician . Master of spiritualism.This four part suite documents Coltrane 's quest for spirituality . Trane 's quest for enlightenment started around 1958 - '59 when he decided to quit using heroine . I have read that some of his teeth fell out due to heroine usage , and he had to wear dentures . He had to reteach himself how to make an effective embouchure over the mouthpiece with his false teeth , frustrating him greatly.He had become disgruntled with the stationary hard bop scene , along with personal dissatisfaction with his habits , and vowed to push on . `` Aknowledgement , '' `` Resolution , '' `` Pursuance , '' and `` Psalm '' illustrate Coltrane 's ever growing need to explore not only music , but life and mysticism.This album is an offering to God.Absolutely masterful
 I enjoy jazz ... I 'm far from thoroughly versed in the style though ; I have a few key discs in my collection , that 's it . A Love Supreme is one of them . A lot of good music sets a mood , but Coltrane 's disc really talks ... it 's amazing . Where some musicians can hint at an idea , Coltrane rattles off a spiritual epic . If you 're looking to add some stimulating , startling jazz to your collection -LRB- we 're not talking Kenny G here ... -RRB- , this is your disc .
 I will not waste time and space here repeating what has already been said.All I will say is that when I hear the first notes of Aknowledgement , it affects me in a visceral way . I feel shivers throughout my body , and a sense of refreshment not unlike reaching the surface of the water , and filling my lungs with air moments before I drown . The light of dawn breaking over the horizon after a dark and frightening night . The embrace of a loved one after a long and torturous seperation.Halfway through , I 'm weeping cool tears of joy . I ca n't help it.As brilliant as it is , this is not merely an artistic performance . It is a prayer ; a human soul addressing himself to the Creator . And a sharing of the intensly personal reaction that soul recieves as an answer in the form of a glimpse of Oneness.This album is one of the greatest musical treasures of the 20th century . I thank Allah for the music of John Coltrane.By the way ; it may interest the reader to know that Coltrane 's original liner notes quite similar to the English translation of Surat-ul Fatiha ; the first chapter of the Qur ` an .
 This is definitely an album for jazz fans . Dont try to introduce a newbie with this one . But for us die hard jazz lovers , this is where its at . Not as poppy and easily digestable as Blue Train , but they go deeper into the music here . Coltrane is killin ' it , throughout . The SACD sound quality is also very good , and well balanced ! Nice seperation and detail from the master tapes . Not overly bright , as the recent `` Blue Train '' remaster seems to be . Two thumbs up !
 This album kept Jazz alive . Coltrane soars with nothing but happiness , gratitude and Joy and you ca n't help but be stunned by this musical masterpiece .
 December 9th 1964 was the very day that this classic was recorded at the legendary Englewood Cliffs studios and recorded by the legendary Rudy Van Gelder.Since then it has gone on to be one of the best selling best loved jazz recordings of all time.It has also -LRB- like Miles Davis ' ` Kind Of Blue ' and Eric Dolphy 's ` Out To Lunch ' -RRB- a huge influence on rock music.The playing between Coltrane , Tyner , Garrison and the late great Elvin Jones is outstanding throughout.I have already have this as part of the complete classic Coltrane quintet box set.It still the classic masterpeice as when it was first recorded 40 years ago and has not dated .
 It 's a testament to John Coltrane 's artistic vision that a piece of uncomprimising music such as a ' A Love Supreme ' can be heard for the universalism it stands for . Recorded in a studio in New Jersey in late 1964 , Coltrane had spent a week alone in a room in his house away from his wife and children . During that time of contemplation and isolation , he put pen to paper to bare his soul to God and the essence of ' A Love Supreme ' was born . I do n't think it was a coincedence that at the time this album was recorded in the mid-60 's , a new philosophy of spirituality and peace & love began to prevade popular music in general . The Church of St. John Coltrane still resides in that bastion of hippiedom , San Francisco.The music on the album itself is powerful not just for Coltrane 's playing itself but also for the fanatical interplay of the quartet . ` Acknowledgement ' opens with Garrison 's passionate bass line , leading into Coltrane 's dynamic and ingenious playing , the quartet 's spirited performance like a fervant , untamed emotion that has gripped them all . ` Resolution ' blazes from the record with Tyler burnishing the track with some brilliant playing of his own . Jones 's frantic drumming comes to the fore on the opening of ` Pursuance ' , a track where the meaning of ` Chasin ' The Trane ' becomes self-evident as Garrison , Tyler and Jones follow in hot pursuit of their leader 's furious joy . Tyler 's playing is again compelling as the quartet trade notes with such alarming velocity before Garrison 's bass tip-toes and leads us like the pied-piper to the concluding ` Psalm ' . It 's refreshing in this day and age to hear an artist whose sincerity and integrity shines through his work .
 Many months ago , my girlfriend bought me my first jazz album , probably in an attempt to entice me away from all this silly progressive rock music . It was a wise move , as these things turn out , as ' A Love Supreme ' is slowly but surely becoming one of my favourite cds . It feels like an integral part of my collection . Now that the time has arrived to review this album , one of a few things I 'd like to review on this site I think I can safely call a masterpiece , I am seemingly at a loss . I dont have nearly enough knowledge of jazz music yet to discuss this albums historical impact , place it in any context , or give a detailed treatment of the textures , moods and tones evoked within . What I can do , however , is tell you exactly why I like it , and like it I do . Very much.Unsurprisingly , it was the first piece , ` Acknowledgment ' , that initially reached out and compelled me , and I 've been hooked on it ever since . I love the flurry of noise and notes from the sax that jumps right out at you the minute you hit play on the cd player . Its gentle and welcoming , and it prepares me perfectly for the elation that is inevitable when the first melody kicks in , right after that sombre and jumping bass line . I cant get over how gorgeous the main ` da-dwee-da , da-DWEE-da ' sax line is . I find it quite , well , ingenious I suppose . Theres really interesting sax work throughout the whole of the first piece , which I 'm still coming to terms with . Towards the end of this first movement , Coltrane lowers his sax and launches into the ' A Love Supreme ' chant , the only instance of any vocals on the album . I also find it to be of the most fascinating parts of the record , as I still seem to get a surprise every time I hear it , even though I know exactly when its coming . ` Resolution ' , the second part , is my favourite piece from the record . The main melody is just indescribably excellent , particularly when it sneaks back in at the end . Theres also some incredible piano work , and I love the way the whole piece just rolls along so unstoppably . Elvin Jones gets a little drum showcase at the start of the third part ` Pursuance ' which excites me greatly , being a drummer myself . Its an excellent display , and I like the way it builds up into the main part of the song . This track has to be the most intense on the album . The drums just seem to pound away and I really find the whole thing quite draining . Despite this , its a very clever bit of music , particularly in the way all the instruments interlock . I think Coltrane takes a bit more of a backseat in it though . The final movement , ` Psalm ' , is very moving , a fitting coda to a deeply spiritual and uplifting experience . Its mellow , poignant and supremely effective , with a mournful main melody which is complemented by washes of drums and keys.I find this album to be transcendent and imbued with seemingly limitless depth . I find it easy to study to , to relax to , or to just sit down and listen to and be thrown into and emotional and intellectual rollercoaster ride . I dont think its for the musically recalcitrant , narrow minded or impatient , and it will require numerous repeated listens to fully unleash its full potential . I suppose thats a warning , but if youve read this far Im sure you wont be daunted by any of my caveats . If you do buy this album , I hope you find it as instructive , intriguing and inspirational as I have .
 This and Kind Of Blue were my first two purchases -LRB- I sure can pick 'em -RRB- . Both are brilliant . However , while Kind Of Blue is a truly classic album , Coltrane 's A Love Supreme defies even that standard . It is a masterwork among masterworks , perhaps the greatest accomplishment in the jazz world and certainly the best thing Coltrane ever recorded -LRB- and since his catalog also contains Blue Train , Giant Steps , Crescent , Ascension , and Interstellar Space , that 's really saying something -RRB- . Around the time this album was made -LRB- 1964 -RRB- , Coltrane became highly devoted to the Christian faith , swearing off drugs and rededicating his life to God . This spirituality is a central theme of A Love Supreme . Although many people are bothered by the heart-on-sleeve Christianity of the liner notes , be aware that you do n't have to be Christian at all to enjoy this album.The music is highly modal , and is composed of various interpretations on the same musical phrase . Take the first track Acknowledgement , where the band repeats a single four-note phrase -LRB- led by Coltrane 's ever-capable tenor sax -RRB- though interpreting it a different way each time . There 's a lot of free jazz elements , including occasional bits of atonality and some insane polyrhythms -LRB- courtesy of Elvin Jones , one of jazz 's elite drummers -RRB- that point the way toward Coltrane 's radical future material.Coltrane 's playing is on fire here . From the urgent blowing on Acknowledgement to the shimmering beauty of Psalm , where Coltrane intones a prayer to God through the voice of his tenor sax . Perhaps Jimi Hendrix was listening to this album and taking notes -- after listening to A Love Supreme I 'm thoroughly convinced that Hendrix was trying to do on his guitar what Coltrane was doing with his sax , using the instrument as an expression of the soul.I know this review sounds gushy , but A Love Supreme is truly one of the 20th century 's great artistic achievements , and no collection -LRB- jazz or otherwise -RRB- is complete without it . However , it 's not for jazz newbies -- Coltrane starts navigating some fairly abstract territory here , and if you 're not accustomed it 's easy to get lost . Buy Blue Train and Giant Steps first to understand Coltrane 's development . Then pick up A Love Supreme and rest assured , it will amaze you .
 John Coltrane is a master . He is the greatest saxophonist to ever touch the instrument . This CD is one of themost powerful sounds ever recorded . Elvin Jones lights up this album with his distinctive and masterful drumming , and McCoy with his virtoustic ability . Jimmy Garrison takes a long but stunning solo , and the whole group is on fire as they record this . This is not only a Jazz album , it is for rock and other music lovers too . This is one of the most essential if not the most essential Jazz album out there . It ranks with Kind of Blue as a masterpeice .
 John Coltrane is at his best on this recording . Some people dislike it because they believe it is excessively serious , but to me it is deeply emotional and even joyful . It really takes an open mind -LRB- and concentration -RRB- to enjoy this CD properly , but it will more than reward the listener for the energy he expends.Musically , it would be absurd to attack this recording ; the writing , improvisation , and interaction are flawless.One word of warning
 my exposure to jazz is very limited , i guess you could say that generally , i am a metal head . thank God i had the good fortune to hear a love supreme . from the opening seconds of the album , it is a beautiful thing to behold . it is a short album , 3 tracks clocking in at around 30 minutes . this album has no choice but to reach out and grab your attention . it takes away all of your preconceptions of what music should be . i admit , i find most jazz to be tired and boring . its really probably a disgrace to even label this as jazz . its just a masterpiece , beginning to end . and i suppose it is timeless , and will continue to be , as it gets sweeter with my every listen . beautiful .
 In A Love Supreme , John Coltrane shares his spiritual awakening in the voice of his tenor sax . It is an extraordinary and inspirational jazz masterpiece which has been in part , responsible for my own journey into the world of jazz music . Coltrane is a true jazz saint and by listening to the four pieces on this CD , you will understand why . Along with Coltrane , McCoy Tyner on piano , Jimmy Garrison on bass and Elvin Jones on drums make rich , beautiful and soulful music together . In addition , the solos are intense and trancelike.If you want to begin a journey into jazz ... open this door . No Jazz collection should be without this masterpiece .
 What 's better than `` A Love Supreme '' ? I do n't even have to elborate because `` A Love Supreme '' like `` Kind Of Blue '' is justPERFECT.Pure artisty and musicianship.This is music that calms you and heightens your creative wonderment.There 's nothing better.There 's nothing that I can say about Coltrane that already has n't been said.A essential album.No musical collectioncan EVEN be called a musical collection without it .
 I would have to say that A Love Supreme is the greatest work that coltrane ever recorded in the 60 's . It 's making a move towards true spirituality . He 's speaking to your soul . This is a must record for anybody ! Period .
 This album is most valuable for the way its underlying idea is executed by these brilliant musicians . Coltrane mentions , in his liner notes , a spiritual experience he had , which the suite tries to translate into musical terms . The album might have been a static hymn of praise , coming from somebody more complascent and self-satisfied than Coltrane . Instead , it 's a rush of rapture , tempered here and there with lush , comforting spells . Bach this is not -- nor is it an Ellingtonian `` sacred '' experience -- nor is it an Electric Prunes `` Mass '' or `` Kol Nidre . '' It 's more like Ravi Shankar , or Jimi Hendrix on a good night , just wailing away with incomparable skill and pleasure in the act . An essential '60s document and one of most rewarding jazz albums of any decade .
 There are not enough stars in the sky , and no words I can say here that will do it justice .
 I 've only been listening to `` jazz '' for about two years now . I would n't consider not owning this album . It runs the gamut of sounds and feelings ... evocative .
 I was in Graduate School when I bought this CD . My mind was a block of stone . I could n't think . I felt as though I had hit a brick wall . I was burned out and tired of the sleepless nights , endless rewrites , and thinking that my academic efforts were n't amounting to a hill of beans.In comes John Coltrane . I read the liner notes as I listened to the music play . I read the poem , `` A Love Supreme '' . I came to realize that it , and I was going to be okay . I also realized that as the poem says , `` It Is All With God . '' I realized that I was included in the `` All '' . To say I was lifted to a new space , is putting it mildly . I relaxed and got into the music . This CD is simply a masterpiece . I began to think again and churn out prolific documents . I did so well , that I graduated with Honors . John Coltrane 's music got me through it all.Will everyone experience the same success by embracing `` A Love Supreme ? '' Probably not , as we are all on different levels of understanding , expectation , and exploration . -LRB- Which , by the way does n't make any one person more profound than another . -RRB- However , if something ca n't be experienced in John 's tenor sax , Tyner 's piano , Jimmy 's bass , or Elvin 's percussions , something is truly amiss.Even if a person does n't dig the vibe . . then so mote it be . But , that person must admit he/she felt something . He/She must admit to that certain something tugging , holding , aching , stroking , calling , avoiding , disliking , loving , loving , loving , yes . . that something loving , like ... `` A Love Supreme . `` ONE WOMAN 'S ADVICE
 This is my favorite jazz album . Understated would describe the album
 41/2 Often considered this legendary player 's best and generally cited as one of the overall greatest recordings of all time , ALS undoubtedly represents Coltrane and his excellent crew at their early avant-garde best -LRB- easily argued as a favorite period -RRB- , of which this blisteringly brief output suggested a spiritual threshold , compositionally crossed , that could never be rescinded . It 's not quite perfect although at only three taut tracks the quartet seems at a precise alignment between excess and restraint to promote such holy themes , parlaying the album into an experience unique to his dense catalog .
 I have a small but highly acclaimed jazz collection . This is the jewel , my favorite , only tied by kind of blue in quality . An essential , not for jazz lovers , but rather music lovers .
 This new release sounds like it was recorded yesterday , even though it is 50 years old . If you are a fan and have a halfway decent stereo , I would suggest checking this one out .
 I have been listening to jazz since the 1950s , when my dad used to play his jazz albums -LRB- Stan Kenton , Dave Brubeck , Jazz Messengers , et al -RRB- on his new-fangled HiFi set , nevertheless it took me repeated listenings to `` A Love Supreme '' to finally recognize the true genius behind it.This is a subtle textured album that draws the listener in to it.It must be listened to in its entirety to fully appreciate it.The original tracks that is - the `` bonus '' extra tracks are not as good to my ears and frankly , detract from the enjoyment of the CD.Probably my second favorite jazz album next to the Miles Davis classic `` Kind of Blue '' .
 What is there left to be said about the greatness of this recording that has n't already been said ? One of Coltrane 's last works before his untimely death but a work worthy of tribute to it 's subject , The Almighty Himself ! The liner notes says so much about Trane 's faith and the music follows it up . As for this disc , the Japanese did a great job remastering this so the sound is very good and the mini lp-sleeve packaging is very impressive to behold . A good buy !
 Coltrane has long been emblematic for me in the best that jazz has to offer . A relentless searcher . Tireless dedication to craft . Most importantly , a desire to use jazz as a language to speak and to move as opposed to just entertainment or a vehicle to show dexterity or technique . `` A Love Supreme '' is n't what I would recommend to someone listening to Coltrane for the first time unless they 're into some of the more passionate forms of jazz or want to see what 60s stuff sounds like . `` Giant Steps '' or `` Coltrane 's Sound '' are more accessible entry points that feature ballads for those who are intimidated by Coltrane 's cries . `` A Love Supreme '' , though , for many , represents the essence of ` Trane . Raw , uninhibited . A man who has overcome heroin , practiced obsessively to capture for a moment his connection to the universe . Jimmy Garrison is highlighted here with some of his transitions between the movements on bass . The chanting in `` acknowledgment '' and the hymnlike final movement are what this album is best know for , but the middle movements are blues based and connect some of ` Trane 's live extended blues performances like `` Chasin ' the Trane '' on `` Live at the Village Vanguard '' to a spiritual expression.I love this album and listen to it often and I encourage you to do the same .10 stars ! -- SD
 ... The restoration is so warm , and the sheer energy fills my room as I write this . ... I will say with all sincerity that this is a success . The bringing of the live performance and the recordings that have Archie Shepp and Art Davis is the bonus of a lifes waiting . The quality is exceptional . The recent releases of the DELUXE editions of Coltranes other LPs suffer from the failure of simply adding multiple versions of songs , and no unearthed material . With that stated , it is important to release alternative takes , but the manner in which it has been handled on other releases does not even compare to the importance of this particular edition . I am so very pleased with the entire package . I now am in possesion of the original MONO LP , and the best stereo version that exists , plus the only live recording of this material . My mind has been blown again by this recording . The live material is stunning . This is a truely ESSENTIAL edition . ...
 What can I say that has n't been said already about this powerful album . Listening to this album as a teenager was enlightening , truly so . Trane 's music transcends categories and transports you to another plane of consciousness . Not only inspiring to me as a musician , but as a spiritual seeker .
 All that needs to be said about `` A Love Supreme '' is -- BUY IT ! If this disc is not in your collection , you are missing out on one of the most vital pieces of music ever recorded . No matter what your musical tastes are , I guarantee you will find something of interest in Trane 's visceral and evocative performance . A classic of sheer beauty and emotion . Peace .
 John Coltrane was a thinker , never satisfied - a perfectionist , and he tried in his life to reach God . He wanted to know and understand Him . This album is really a big `` thank you '' and `` praise '' to God . Great jazz , one you can listen to all day . So many ideas in his soloing , a true innovator . Probably the John Coltrane album to get . Great ideas , always fresh , and exciting .
 Each time I listen to this CD it seems to project something new into the ether . A must for all who appreciate music that is not just a collection of sounds ordered in some predictable or derivitative fashion . One of 11 musical compositions that I honestly beleive deserves a maximum star rating . In most instances requires several listenings to gather most of what Coltrane intended
 Coltrane 's most famous work and deservedly so . Picture yourself on 125th in New York City on a hot , hot summer day or outside of Birdland at night when the steam rises from the sewer grates ; the pavement is glistening while the subway roars by . People are hanging out of apartment windows while kids play ball in the street . Listening to `` A Love Supreme '' makes me think so much of these things.This is a great recording that highlites Coltrane 's growing integration of music and his own spirituality . No , actually , this is one the THE greatest recordings in the history of sound.Coltrane 's spiritual quest began in the late 1950 's and he credited it/him/God with helping him kick heroin . When he returned to playing music -LRB- with Miles Davis -RRB- he was a changed man . Until his death in 1967 , he continually tried to marry his admiration for ` God ' or some universal force , with his music . `` A Love Supreme '' is the high-watermark of his efforts . The liner notes are great in this impulse ! reissue-they include John 's original ` prayer ' upon which the music is based . Trane , Tyner , Jones , & Garrison meld together in beautiful symbiosis.Absolutely essential .
 I can not say anything about this that has n't already been said . It is a suite in 3 parts . It is written by John Coltrane . If you have the desire to know what John Coltrane is about , then listen to this . It is accessible music . His playing , which is an aquired taste , is not too far out on here . It is understanble . The playing is , of course , top notch by everyone and is a disc a Jazz entusiast has to have . A reason to get into John Coltrane , is that all the Tenor players today play like him . I find that appreciating Jazz is understand what is going on and where it came from . If I am listening to anyone today , I have to master Johbn Coltrane . Of course , the songs are beautiful , and the playing is world class . I find nothing but beauty in this . This is a performance that you definately must own . It is the classic Coltrane quartet ; McCoy Tyner on piano , Jimmy Garrison on bass , and Elvin Jones on Drums . McCoy Tyner 's comping on the first song is extremely boring to me , but what do I know . This is one of the classic Jazz albums . One of the top 5 of all time on anyone 's list , so everyone has to have this . The top players today live for this album , so this is something that should be bought . It 's a beautiful experience .
 John Coltrane 's 1964 masterpiece , A Love Supreme , is not only one of the pivotal albums in Coltrane 's career , but it remains one of the greatest albums ever made , including all genres of music . This is easily one of the most essential jazz albums of all time . This was Coltrane 's best album to that point and he did n't top it after , possibly beacuse he only lived another three years after the album was recorded . The quartet is one of Coltrane 's best as a band leader , with Jimmy Garrison on bass , Elvin Jones on drums and McCoy Tyner on piano . All four parts on the album are incredible , but especially Acknowledgement and Psalm . Coltrane 's playing is incredibly inspired , at a level seldom reached in music . Coltrane makes every chorus and every note count . It seems that Coltrane never wasted his time and made every moment count like it was his last . In retrospect , A Love Supreme has become a jazz standard , that even people who have never listened to it have heard of it . A Love Supreme is one of the most famous jazz recordings of all time , along with Kind of Blue by Miles Davis . More then any other of Coltrane 's albums , A Love Supreme proves that Coltrane was a titan in jazz . This albums proves that he is in the ranks of some of the greatest saxophone players of alll time , such as Sonny Rollins or Charlie Parker . Coltrane 's greatest achievement and one of jazz 's greatest achievements .
 It 's funny to me that John Coltrane 's most popular album is also the one that was his first step toward the spiritual , intense free jazz of his final recordings . As you can see from these amazon reviews , the detractors frequently focus on this - it 's a lot further away from bebop and ballads than Blue Train , Giant Steps , My Favorite Things , the album with Johnny Hartman , or the recordings with Miles Davis . Coltrane and his quartet uses abstract harmonies and rhythms -LRB- though they would go a lot further in the next two and a half years -RRB- ; Coltrane 's playing uses plenty of nonconventional devices - squawks , screams , growls - and strains past the tenor saxophone 's normal range.If this sounds too much for you , this is not the place to start with Coltrane 's recordings . You 're better off trying the recordings I mentioned above first . Maybe over time you 'll grow to love those recordings enough to try this one . If you do n't , that 's cool . A potential primer for A Love Supreme is the album immediately preceding it , Crescent , which is similar stylistically but more accessible.There are also lots of people for whom this would be a great introduction to jazz . If you listen to rock with plenty of long , instrumental passages - Santana , Cream , Zeppelin , Hendrix , Zappa , the Allman Brothers , the Grateful Dead , Yes , King Crimson , etc. - then this album will likely make a lot of sense to you . Many of these musicians were clearly influenced by Coltrane , and this album.If you get this album and love it , you may be wondering where to go next . A newbie may want to check out other classic , popular jazz albums -LRB- amazon has plenty of recommendations -RRB- or the list of Coltrane recordings outlined above . Some may warm to this album 's experimental edge and want to find out `` where Coltrane went next '' - you can jump into the deep end with Ascension , Meditations and Interstellar Space , or take a more cautious approach with The John Coltrane Quartet Plays and Transition.Finally , there are several editions of this on the market . If you 're a casual fan , I 'd stick to the 1-disc version - it 's more than enough . If you 're pretty sure you 're going to become a big Coltrane fan , I would consider the 2-CD version instead - it has the fantastic live version of A Love Supreme.Whichever way you go , this album is a jazz classic - one of John Coltrane 's best recordings and a personal favorite of mine .
 It is difficult to listen to this undefinable work without shedding tears of joy and wonderment . It is true metaphysical revelation through music
 After hearing so many people and musicians that I respected rave about this record , I bought A LOVE SUPREME many years ago as my first jazz purchase . At once , I could not have made a more daunting , or rewarding first step . Coltrane 's masterpiece is not an easy one to digest , especially for a novice , but I hung in there and ultimatly picked up on the tidal wave of emotion that pours out of Coltrane ; s horn , as well as Elvin Jone 's drumkit , Jimmy Garrison 's bass and McCoy Tyner 's piano . His exploration of personal faith may seem to be a very private exercise , but obviously has struck a universal chord . This certainly set the bar high for future explorations , but also prepared me to enjoy many other of Coltrane 's works as well as recordings by Miles Davis , Charles Mingus , Duke Ellington , Thelonious Monk and other past and present masters .
 The title of my review pretty much explains it all . This album gives us a completely new meaning to the significance of music . It 's not about who can rip through 16th notes on Cherokee or who can mimic the sound of Paul Desmond . When I first heard A Love Supreme , it completly opened my mind to viewing music in a different way . While music that is technically perfect or full of beautiful sounds is great jazz , the ability to express your true feelings and emotions through music WITHOUT conforming to a structure is unique and possibly only exists in this album . To explain it the best I can , Trane allows his emotions to be explained musically , instead of letting his music have emotional triggers . The emotional content of this album is it 's whole significance . The musical quality in here is secondary . If you can feel what John is trying to explain , what he is trying to get to , then the feeling that he pours out engulfs you . Trane is my favorite jazz musician , and this is my favorite album of his . I hope you are able to enjoy this as much as I do .
 Coltrane 's `` A Love Supreme '' is advanced music . Far beyond the relatively simple `` melody-solo-melody '' structure of almost all other jazz pieces , Trane 's album flows , and tells its message in its own way . Buy this album , and before doing anything else , before even reading the liner notes , listen to the entire thing all the way through . Listen to what he 's saying .
 Until I checked the amazon reviews page , I had never met a single person who had heard this album and did n't absolutely love it . I 'm not saying that the single star givers are n't entitled to their opinion , but my experience is that my large swathe of Jazz Fan friends would unanymously give this 5 stars . It is not hard bop , but it is beautiful , whether you invest in the spirituality of it or not . This is one of the great albums of all time .
 5 stars for the music . Coltrane at his best . A classic album . My only complaint is that it is too short . For the Coltrane colt I recommend `` My Favorite Things '' , `` Giant Steps '' , or `` The Ultimate Blue Train '' .
 First things first - I would like to publicly thank my best friend Shawn for turning me on to jazz with `` A Love Supreme '' in the mid-80s and my wonderful wife Kristin for giving me the Deluxe Edition of this seminal album for Christmas this year.Widely acknowledged to be John Coltrane 's masterpiece , `` A Love Supreme '' may be the most-reviewed and written about jazz album of all time . There is absolutely nothing I can say about this work of art which would add to any previous writings . So , what are we to make of the Deluxe Edition ? For starters , this is the first time `` A Love Supreme '' has been remastered . While the original CD release is certainly not lacking in sound quality , the remastering opens up the album to reveal a depth previously unheard . Credit goes to Rudy Van Gelder , who was the engineer for the original sessions . If you are familiar with the original CD release , you will be amazed at how good the remastered edition sounds.The second disc is the real treasure here . Coltrane performed `` A Love Supreme '' live only one time , in Antibes , France in 1965 . Available on bootlegs -LRB- with varying sound quality -RRB- for many years , that performance is presented here in an authorized release for the first time . Well worth the wait , the quartet stretches the original thirty-three minute suite to forty-eight incredible minutes with nary an unncessary note . An amazing performance , with sound quality to match.The second disc also includes two alternate takes of `` Acknowledgement , '' the suite 's first movement . Saxophonist Archie Stepp and bassist Art Davis joined Coltrane , pianist McCoy Tyner , drummer Elvin Jones and bassist Jimmy Garrison , expanding Coltrane 's quartet to a sextet for a day 's worth of sessions , with these two tracks being the only ones known to have survived . Although not as sonically pristine as the remainder of the music in this collection -LRB- they contain dropouts and other technical glitches -RRB- , these two tracks show why the unreleased and apparently lost sextet sessions of `` A Love Supreme '' have attained an almost Holy Grail-like status among jazz fans . Listening to these six men play , the natural reaction is to ask , `` What if ... ? `` As befits such a monumental album , the Deluxe Edition packaging is first-rate , with comprehensive liner notes including Coltrane 's notes from the original 1964 vinyl release.I never thought `` A Love Supreme '' could be improved upon , but it has been , with the Deluxe Edition release making it more essential than ever . Even if the album were void of its ' spiritual theme , I honestly do n't know how someone could listen to Coltrane 's greatest work and not feel the presence of God .
 I doubt I could say anything about this music that has n't been said already . I could tell you my Love Supreme Story , how picking this up with the first Velvet Underground record when I was 15 changed my life , how it was the first time I ever heard Coltrane , how I still do n't have any idea why I bought it other then something compelled me to , I still do n't know where I even heard of John Coltrane , but his music , his existence , his love for all creation , changed my life . And this is the record that says it all . The two C.D. version is wonderful , I had read for so long about the outtakes with the great Archie Shepp and here they are . If you do n't have this buy it right now , there is no excuse!After hearing it you would kick yourself for not having this earlier if you were n't so moved by the music and Coltrane 's poem , a love letter to God . If you already have it , do like Rico says , buy this copy and give your old one to a freind , everyone I meet even casually who does n't have this I get one for within days . This music will stay with you for the rest of your life , it is inspiring , touching , sacred , powerful , art of the highest order , comparable to Beethoven 's final symphony . I beg you , if you do n't know this music , buy it , you will be a much better human for hearing this . It cultivates spirituality , humanity , compassion , gratitude to the creator , and love love love .
 ... no , seriously . This entire CD is John Coltrane 's praise to God . Read the liner notes . The good part is , you do n't have to be religious to appreciate this album . It 's simply a jazz masterpiece.The album begins with an unexpected gong and long , drawn out phrases from Coltrane . After the `` welcome , '' if you will , bassist Jimmy Garrison begins the 4-note theme of the album . Acknowledgement is n't your standard jazz-swing piece , it has an almost carribean beat , but it 's really fun to listen to and Coltrane 's saxophone playing is very melodic and beautiful -LRB- not quite the wall-of-sound rolling solos that he would become known for -RRB- . On Resolution the standard swing rhythm returns which will seem more comfortable to some jazz listeners . Once again , Coltrane is very melodic , taking a break to let pianist McCoy Tyner have a -LRB- GREAT -RRB- solo , the first of two major ones on the album . McCoy is an extremely talented improvisational pianist . The second half of the album begins with Pursuance -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- and an amazing solo by Elvin Jones , whose rolling and tumbling and general insanity never fails to entertain . Coltrane then enters briefly playing the song 's chorus then letting McCoy solo again for a good part of the song . All I can say is AMAZING . John returns again to bring in his rolling soloing , and finally Jimmy Garrison gets an extended solo for the end of the song . The closing song is probably my least favorite , Psalm , as there really is no rhythm . It is a slow , mellow song , where John plays long , passionate fills as Elvin -LRB- using mallets -RRB- and McCoy add texture . It is a mellow but nice and positive end to the album.The beauty of this album is its variety . There 's a variety of rhythms and styles incorporated in here and it makes listening fun every time . Although if you are new to jazz I would recommend something a bit more mainstream such as Dave Brubeck 's Time Out or -LRB- the obvious -RRB- Kind of Blue , you will need this album eventually , especially if you want to get into the vast collection of Coltrane music . Consider this one of the gateways to jazz and of course Coltrane .
 1964 - John Coltrane had bounced back from a bad heroin habit several years earlier and become an instant Christian . His music would continue to have a spiritual theme until he died , but this is the album that stands as his most enduring work . I ca n't profess to say what does and does n't deserve such a title as Absolute Masterpiece ; I 'll just mention that I 'm agnostic and I still get a vivid rush of emotion from hearing this disc . In a short-but-not-really 35 minutes , Trane and crew produce something universal that stretches beyond any single belief or religion . John was right in the middle of his transition between the easy blues/bop style of his roots and the extended crazy-hyper 128th-note wanderings that would take over his later work . ALS finds him and his quartet turning up the heat , but never really approaching the half-unlistenability of some of those final albums . But I digress.A Love Supreme features some fiery-hot blowing from all members involved , sometimes approaching the point of head-spinning cacophony but never really getting there . It 's got an insane degree of polyrhythmic chemistry -LRB- I 'm very sure I still do n't even understand half of what 's going on -RRB- , but the music still has an unmistakable beat and groove that anyone can follow . Amid the initial swirl of complex group interaction , the central theme of `` Acknowledgement '' is a mere four notes -LRB- although Coltrane takes it all over the scale in at least a dozen places -RRB- . `` Resolution '' branches out a little more , its main lead rooted more in Indian music than American jazz . The first 3/4 of the album is a dazzling balance of foot-stomping swing and stellar melodic work that can take years to figure out.Until the very end , that is . `` Pursuance '' simmers down near its finish -LRB- just past the 10-minute mark -RRB- with a very accomplished bass solo , sliding uninterruped into the finale `` Psalm . '' Now this is where everything comes together . Drummer Elvin Jones abandons the shuffling hi-hat for thunderous rolls of timpani . The bass and piano stick to a simple melody . . some chords here , a simply rooted line anchoring everything else . . while Coltrane 's sax rides over everything like a high-flying bird headed straight for the sun . I want to describe the final crescendo , but I 'm afraid the mere phrase `` breathtaking harmony '' does n't quite do it justice . I could try to describe all the colors and shades of a Jamaican sunset too , but that still could n't accurately convey the sense of experiencing it yourself.Where a lot of jazz -LRB- or any music -RRB- can work as either a focal point or a pleasant background , A Love Supreme demands your attention if you want to really get into how it all works together . If you 're willing to give this album some time and thought , it wo n't let you go .
 When most people -LRB- myself included -RRB- hear the phrase `` avant-garde jazz '' it 's taken as a code for emperor 's new clothes albums that only critics seem to love or just plain unlistenable . For A Love Supreme however , this is DEFINITELY not the case . At times it is simplistic -LRB- Acknowledgement is based in just four notes -RRB- and incredibly complex . But it is BEAUTIFUL throughout . I could go on and on in describing it , but you just have to listen to it to get the full experience . If you do n't have the album and were curious enough to look on this web site for this album GO AHEAD AND BUY IT ! You wo n't be disappointed . This is an album that must be listened to and studied , you ca n't just let it be background music . It is so beautiful , do n't live another day without this musical masterpiece in your life !
 Overstated my title ? No , I do n't think so . For me this album is up there with the Rite of Spring by Stravinski and Axis
 I would just like to say to all the one-star-ratings people , LISTEN TO THIS ALBUM !!!!!!! I too absolutely hated it when I first heard it and the second time and the third . Then I realised what I was doing . I was attempting to map what I already knew and had heard from the music I had grown up listening to onto this new kind of music and what happened ? I failed to grasp what was going on.What 's going on?This is not music that fits neatly into any labelling or pigeonhole , this is music for the heart , the mind , the soul and the senses . This is music coming from someplace so deep that it defies categorisation . John Coltrane has tapped into the Essence , the Source from which all great things come . It is not so much an album dedicated TO God but an album that is being channeled directly FROM God . This is Manna from Heaven.This is supreme musicianship at work .
 I 'm agnostic , and yet John Coltrane 's masterpiece A Love Supreme has almost made me see God . It 's got that kind of power to it ; though John conceived it as his gift to God , its spiritual theme is in no way restricted to his or any religion . It speaks to something vital in anyone and everyone . It 's a jazz masterwork - the musicianship is outright stunning but never needlessly flashy ; it 's accessible enough to love on the first listen , but complex enough to keep you discovering nuances for years . But of course , if you 're looking at this release you already know that . If you 're wondering whether to pop for the complete expanded edition herein , then the basic question is
 Disc 1
 ... I wonder how much the awesome result is due to the Rudy Van gelder re-mastering process rather than to the DSD-SACD new teach . I wonder sometimes if the music major are trying to sell us the n-th remastering and try to make us re-buy our music collection again and again . It would also be nice to compare the same re-mastering hi-rez DVD-A and DSD-SACD . BTW I am astonished how much better it is compared to my vynil -LRB- I did not buy the red-book CD waiting for a hi-rez re-issue :--RRB- -RRB- 5 stars to the music -LRB- I 'd vote 6 starts if possible ... -RRB- and 5 stars to the sound
 I was playing this album when I walked into my daughters bathroom and she was standing in front of the mirror dancing and chanting - `` A love supreme , a love supreme '' . She 's obviously a genius because this is a superb album .
 If it 's not , it 's second to Miles Davis ' Kind of Blue . No matter , this is a masterpiece , and hard to review objectivelly simply because it 's so damn good . It 's one of the few albums that both the music fan and musician -LRB- similar to Trane , I play tenor sax -RRB- in me can appreciate . This is a masterful album-long suite , released after Trane kicked his heroin habit -LRB- sadly , he died a few years later -RRB- , devoted to God . And it 's truly a moving piece , with Trane 's lyrical tenor and , at times , soprano sax dominating . That 's not to discredit the rest of the band , of course , since they play brilliantly . But Trane steals the spotlight , treating our ears to both his ridiculous talent and his formidable skills with a melody -LRB- particularly on pt . 4 , which is an instrumental set to the meter of Trane 's poem in the liner notes -RRB- . Music , no matter the genre , does n't really get much better than this . I know I sound like some raving cult member , but these days we jazz fans sadly are a cult . Anyhoo , buy this today along with Kind of Blue by Miles Davis . Neither record will disappoint .
 What can anyone say that has not already been said ? This is some of the best jazz one can get by one of the greatest jazz combos ever . These musical geniuses play like their life depends on it . Anyone who is a jazz fan should own this .
 ... you 'll love it . It 's not for me to say you 'll care ... '' ... for Coltrane 's playing , that is , or post bebop jazz in general , for that matter . Or for me to say that you 'll be comfortable with Coltrane 's musical affirmation of his religious `` recovery ' from drugs and booze . His `` love supreme '' is not of the flesh in this music ; he is seriously seeking transcendence through submission to the Love of God . Whether you 'll hear Coltrane 's awakened spirituality in the music , or simply some very fine lyrical jazz supported by superb piano-playing from McCoy Tyner , will probably depend on your own sense of transcendence.It 's that question of transcendence that interests me . I 'm not sure how this will play out in evolutionary terms , but I have to wonder whether the `` yearning for transcendence '' is n't instinctual in Homo sapiens . Next to Fear and Loathing of Mortality - AKA death - the longing for ` just a little bit ' of Transcendence must be the wellspring of all human religious beliefs . That must be why Religion has inspired such a huge amount of the world 's great music . Of all the arts - in words , in paint , in stone - music seems to me to have the greatest potential for expressing transcendence of our paltry material existence , possibly because it 's the least material in itself . Music exists only immaterially , only in the moment of hearing and in the memory of the hearer . Post-modernist critics now insist that the ` meaning ' of a poem or a novel has to be negotiated between the writer and the reader , but the words are solid on the page where they will remain until the paper crumbles . Music is always negotiated between the composer and the `` first listener '' , i.e. the performer . Even jazz improvisation is negotiated by ear ; Coltrane 's 4-part composition on `` A Love Supreme '' is after all not finally HIS , but rather a collaboration of four irrevocably individual human beings . At its peak , the negotiation can be ecstatic.So . From Gregorian chant to Bach cantatas to Arvo P&auml;rt or John Coltrane , Religion has always made great Music . Some of that amounts to the merely pragmatic question of patronage ; churches have always been splendid performance spaces . I imagine also that the experience of a sense of transcendence through music made fervent believers of many great composers . John Coltrane professed that his religious awakening saved his life from the despair and contempt of his earlier music . The music was the man , whom Lenny Tristano called `` all emotion , no feeling . '' Biographically speaking , Coltrane 's `` salvation '' in life preceded any `` salvation '' after death that Christians expect . A lot of self-hating drug/booze abusers , many of them musical , have had their lives ` turned around ' by `` a Love supreme '' . More power to religion then ! In the end , it 's not for me to say ...
 john coltrane -- LONG winded -- from the first `` breath '' of this swAn song we all know as '' a love supreme `` safe playing taken to exremes -- maybe the best Long composition in jAzz ma tazzthe live stuff just hits hard
 This is like ` changed my life ' music - it is that good . This is one of the best recordings in jazz history .
 It 's funny to me that John Coltrane 's most popular album is also the one that was his first step toward the spiritual , intense free jazz of his final recordings . As you can see from these amazon reviews , the detractors frequently focus on this - it 's a lot further away from bebop and ballads than Blue Train , Giant Steps , My Favorite Things , the album with Johnny Hartman , or the recordings with Miles Davis . Coltrane and his quartet uses abstract harmonies and rhythms -LRB- though they would go a lot further in the next two and a half years -RRB- ; Coltrane 's playing uses plenty of nonconventional devices - squawks , screams , growls - and strains past the tenor saxophone 's normal range.If this sounds too much for you , this is not the place to start with Coltrane 's recordings . You 're better off trying the recordings I mentioned above first . Maybe over time you 'll grow to love those recordings enough to try this one . If you do n't , that 's cool . A potential primer for A Love Supreme is the album immediately preceding it , Crescent , which is similar stylistically but more accessible.There are also lots of people for whom this would be a great introduction to jazz . If you listen to rock with plenty of long , instrumental passages - Santana , Cream , Zeppelin , Hendrix , Zappa , the Allman Brothers , the Grateful Dead , Yes , King Crimson , etc. - then this album will likely make a lot of sense to you . Many of these musicians were clearly influenced by Coltrane , and this album.If you get this album and love it , you may be wondering where to go next . A newbie may want to check out other classic , popular jazz albums -LRB- amazon has plenty of recommendations -RRB- or the list of Coltrane recordings outlined above . Some may warm to this album 's experimental edge and want to find out `` where Coltrane went next '' - you can jump into the deep end with Ascension , Meditations and Interstellar Space , or take a more cautious approach with The John Coltrane Quartet Plays and Transition.Finally , there are several editions of this on the market . If you 're a casual fan , I 'd stick to the 1-disc version - it 's more than enough . If you 're pretty sure you 're going to become a big Coltrane fan , I would consider the 2-CD version instead - it has the fantastic live version of A Love Supreme.Whichever way you go , this album is a jazz classic - one of John Coltrane 's best recordings and a personal favorite of mine .
 A LOVE SUPREME is John Coltrane 's great four-part suite , recorded in February 1965 . The saxophonist performs on tenor with his long-running ensemble of pianist McCoy Tyner , bassist Jimmy Garrison and drummer Elvin Jones and continues in the hard bop genre and from their last recordings , but the harmonic freedom and luminous tones are something never heard before . It is one of the first major appearances of religious devotion in Coltrane 's music , which was to last until the end of his career.Coltrane had for nearly a decade been playing the saxophone in a highly virtuosic manner , filling his solos with 16th and 32nd notes . By the end of the first part of this suite , when the four-note theme is connected to the mantra `` A Love Supreme '' spoken by Coltrane -LRB- accompanied with his own voice overdubbed -RRB- , then these flourishes take on an added significance . It 's no surprise that Coltrane moved on to free jazz after this , because after pushing hard bop to these extremes , there would just be no other way to pursue greater expressivity . Few recordings hold within them pure religious devotion for those seeking emotional extremes and a delicious theoretical scheme and subtleties of performances for listeners who like to analyze . A LOVE SUPREME deserves to rank as one of the great jazz albums because it offers something for everyone.Garrison , Tyner and Jones all get to solo here -LRB- in the third part , `` Pursuance '' -RRB- but the endless gyrations of the saxophone are what really carry this album . Still , Jones ' use of a gong helps give A LOVE SUPREME a mystical atmosphere like nothing else in the quartet 's catalogue.If you dig A LOVE SUPREME , do n't be afraid to move further into the Coltrane catalogue . His next major suiteMeditationsshows him fully into free jazz , but it is n't as vast a leap as it 's often made out to be .
 Coltrane 's , `` A Love Supreme '' , is more than a jazz album its a spiritual journey or as Coltrane had said , '' A Love Supreme is a gift to God '' . There are only four tracks , `` Acknowledgement '' , `` Reseloution '' , `` Pursuance '' , and `` Pslam '' . The album is only 32 minutes but is still a timeless classic that can be listened to over and over and over again and it still will captivate and influence you . Being for its short length , `` A Love Supreme '' , allows you to hear John Coltranes spiritual journey and lets you hear his gift to God . A Love Supreme was and still is pure genius and was a jazz album that was way ahead of its time and it still is ahead of its time , never has there been a jazz album realesed that has sounded remotely close to the pieces heard on this album . Also its influence has been widespread not just to the jazz community but also to rock muscians like , Carlos Santana , and Bono of U2 . Sadly though we never did get to hear Coltrane make more albums like this as he died of liver cancer at the age of 40 with plans of becoming a monk . A Love Supreme is classic , beautiful , definitive , spiritual , timeless , and did I mention pure genius . A Love Supreme is an essential album for anyone who likes to listen to music to listen too on the face of this planet . So what are you waiting for go out an pick up this album and blast this album and let it change your life .
 I 've been a jazz listener 95 % of my life . My parents were listeners and this predominated most of my listening.I have heard pieces of this MASTERPIECE more than enough times through my life time to know that I truly love this CD.Coltrane out did himself with this and I am proud to be an owner of both the vinyl and CD . `` Acknowlegement '' is the name of the first song on this CD and he start the music off with the quintesencial ringing of the gong in `` D '' I believe . This prepares the listener for what is yet to come . The song directly following is very appropriately names `` Pursuance '' , which is apparent in the style which he plays . The CDs makes it apparent that Coltrane really had reached the zenith of his career.Anyone that does n't like this CD well all I can say is , listen again just to be sure you 've not missed something .
 I can understand several reviewers not quite understanding this masterpiece . Not everyone can look at Picasso or Siquieros , or listen to Ives or Ruggles and dig it . Especially if you have some pre-conceived ideas about what should or should n't look or sound right . This music is a mood -- an energy , a cry , a scream , a seeking and Coltrane 's soul is pouring that out in A Love Supreme . As his headliner notes read , the album is a statement to God . It 's not about being commercial . If you can listen without pre-conceived notions , you can feel that energy , and once it gets inside your own soul , it can make you weep with joy . At least it did for me.Having said that , the album is still tremendously intense and good JAZZ.BTW , I disagree with several who say this album has `` no structure '' . McCoy , Garrison and Jones are supremely structured but can , and do step in and out with electrifying ease . Possibly , the best rhythm section I 've ever heard . OMG . They scare me.Utterly a work of genius , this album . Though I would n't recommend it to anyone who simply does n't care for avante garde jazz , as they simply wo n't dig this , whatever the underlying meaning .
 This was the first John Coltrane album I brought and I am just stunned at the Beauty and Power of Coltrane 's music . I can not imagine a better album or a better musician . After hearing this album I wanted to buy more of Coltrane 's albums . John Coltrane 's music is a treasure . This is the only album I have or know of that you can listen to repeatedly and love more each time . If you do n't have it , buy it now , go out and get it immediately !!!! I have never ever been more pleased with a purchase in my life . This album is the epitome of High Art .
 I resort many times to this record when I really want to get carried away with music . For me this record is medicine . So Coltrane , Tyner , Jones and Garrison are here like a group of therapists so to speak.This one is truly unique . Never listened to something even similar and do n't want to . Because `` A love supreme '' is just perfect . I have other Coltrane works like `` Giant Steps '' or `` Blue Train '' but these ones do n't mean much to me . And I even do n't like much John 's way of playing
 When I got this album I was a fairly cocky `` guitar nerd '' type who loved imitating the likes of Joe Satriani and Steve Vai . A friend told me that John Coltrane had been an influence on Jimi Hendrix , who had of course been a big influence on my heroes . Well , I have to say this music did it for me in a big way . It helped me to see that technique did not necessarily have to lead to aimless flaunting and big , bad hairdo 's -LRB- the all too obvious problem with most instrumental rock -RRB- . Still , the beauty of the album took a while to grow on me . I was cocky enough to mistake `` out '' notes for bad notes . I simply thought the guy did n't know his scales . Still , I liked it . It had soul and it was n't afraid to take itself seriously . In fact A Love Supreme would easily top any poll regarding `` serious soulfulness '' in a jazz recording . The lesson , I guess , is that great music is not created to be deconstructed , but rather to be enjoyed . Let this album wash through you -LRB- not over -RRB- and you 'll feel some very nice effects .
 I 'll be the first to admit I really do n't know much about jazz or John Coltrane . But in search of something different I picked up this cd . It is certainly a departure from my 4/4 rock world , but I love it . It is adventurous and compelling . If you are like me and are wondering what all the fuss is about , go ahead and give this cd a spin , you 'll be glad you did . There is a whole new world inside .
 Coltrane dedicates ` Supreme ' to God-and I think it 's Exhibit A as to why athiests will never be taken seriously in the jazz world . Alice Coltrane compared this 4-part suiteto Moses coming off the mountain , when Coltrane emerged from seclusion after composing it is beautiful from all angles-and his bandmates McCoy Tyner on piano , Jimmy Garrison on bass and Elvin Jones were never better.I 'm not real crazy about all of Coltrane 's improvizational experimentation , but for me - ` Supreme ' is a religious experience .
 Coltrane 's greatest work and without-a-doubt one of the most influential jazz records ever made . Recorded in late 1964 , Coltrane along with Jimmy Garrison , Elvin Jones and McCoy Tyner produced one of the most eclectic , technical yet emotional albums in the Quartet 's history.Composed of four parts , each a thematic progression of meditative spirituality :1 / `` Acknowledgement `` 2 / `` Resolution `` 3 / `` Persuance `` 4 / `` Psalm `` Without A LOVE SUPREME it would be hard to imagine what and where the jazz world would be today .
 In my opinion , Jazz is the greatest form of music ever put on God 's Green and Blue earth . If anything can show the genius of the human spirit , it 's this . I 'm just getting into jazz , but I love this album . It 's pure golden . One of the reviewers was right
 For me A Love Supreme has become a bit of an obsession ... like Beethoven 's 9th Symphony . So this review is merely for this particular incarnation of what I consider to be the greatest jazz album ever.Now , if you are not going to take the advice of my friend and throw away all your CD 's and invest in some ungodly expensive tube amplifier and turn table so you can listen to the vinyl versions of these classics - which he says is the ONLY way to listen to recorded jazz.THEN ... I would highly recommend this release by Analogue Production on Hybrid CD.Just a comparison to the versions I own on disc -LRB- excluding vinyl -RRB- : Original US Pressing -LRB- 1986 -RRB- - Very good and fairly easy to find -LSB- MCAD-5660 JVC-464 -RSB- . A good balance , even if slightly dull -LRB- when compared to the present edition -RRB- . German Release -LRB- 1987 -RRB- - Excellent -LSB- 254 557-2 -RSB- . A tad better than the US pressing.The 1998 remaster available in the GRP box set
 Absolutely outstanding , many words have been written about this man but he and Miles Davis stand alone as the giants of the original modern jazz era . What ever you want to call it , bebop , classic jazz or a new definitive sound that started to emerge during the 50 's . It hit you smack in the face when the 1960 's arrived . Yes a wonderful piece of work .
 John Coltrane 's `` A Love Supreme '' is a classic of American music in any genre . Recorded in 1965 on Impulse ! the album features Coltrane 's quartet consisting of Coltrane on tenor sax , Jimmy Garrison , double bass , Elvin jones , drums , and McCoy Tyner , piano . `` A Love Supreme '' is a highly-integrated , intense work of about 33 minutes in four parts titled Acknowledgement , Resolution , Pursuance , and Psalm . In its emotional depth , musical complexity , and spirituality , `` A Love Supreme '' takes jazz to an extraordinary musical level.This music has deservedly become iconic even for listeners who know little about jazz or Coltrane . In its passion and wildness , it is music that shows its 1960s origins while surmounting them . This is highly spiritual music which Coltrane created after overcoming a long drug addiction . The religious character of the piece is apparent on even a casual hearing , but there is nothing sectarian in the work . The music is both personal and universal.The work ranges from the meditative to the searching to the ecstatic . There are long , intricate and complex solos by Coltrane throughout , most of which vary a four-note phrase stated at the opening of the music and then chanted at the end of the first part as a mantra to the words `` A Love Supreme . '' The work uses the entire range of Coltrane 's sax and more as he overblows and shrieks to suggest his spiritual quest . The work ends with a slow Psalm , with Coltrane moving to a mystical close . Each of the quartet members also have incandescent solos in the work , especially the percussion of Jones in the second and third parts , Tyner 's piano in `` Pursuance '' and Garrison 's long bass solo which opens `` Psalm . '' The third and fourth parts of the work tend to run together without pause as I hear them although some listeners hear them as separate , discrete sections.I listen to and review a good deal of American classical music on Amazon . It offers insights into the American experience that sometimes are overlooked . Coltrane 's `` A Love Supreme '' is an inspiring masterpiece in a distinctly American art form . I loved revisiting `` A Love Supreme '' which stands easily with the best accomplishments of American art.Robin Friedman
 A Must for Serious Coltrane FansFirst , a disclaimer - if you are new to jazz and are curious about this `` A Love Supreme '' recording you 've heard so much about , this 2-CD deluxe edition is probably not the place to start . Also , if you have heard A Love Supreme and it pushes the limits of what you consider to be good music , then this might not be a good set to pick up . The 1 CD version is floating around and I encourage you to dive in.If you 're a hardcore Coltrane fan - there are plenty of us out there - then this album is pretty much a must-buy . The original album is on disc 1 - it has better sound than the 90s and 80s editions of the album , though I think it 's identical to the 2003 and 2008 single versions.The reason to pick this up , though , is the 2nd disc . The biggest treasure is the live version of A Love Supreme , recorded in July 1965 . Over the 7 months separating this from the studio recording , Coltrane 's playing and that of his quartet had become more abstract and experimental ; it has much less `` prettiness '' and serenity than in the studio , but replaces those qualities with more fire and spiritual intensity . Ascension had been recorded one month earlier ; Sun Ship would be recorded one month earlier . This is , in my opinion , among the best live performances Coltrane ever recorded - easily on par with the 1961 Village Vanguard sessions . The sound is not as good as an RVG production , but it sounds like a clean radio broadcast and only a very sensitive listener will be disappointed . It 's certainly better than the unofficial versions that many fans have already heard.The other key item of interest is the long-lost `` second A Love Supreme session '' , with Archie Shepp and Art Davis joining the quartet for two takes of `` Acknowledgment '' . Neither of these match the originally released quartet version , but they do offer a very interesting alternative.We also get two alternate takes of `` Resolution '' from the main A Love Supreme session , one complete and one aborted . I listen to these least of all the material on this two disc set.To reiterate , if you love John Coltrane 's music , this is essential listening .
 A HUGE FAN OF JOHN COLTRANE AND ALL HIS WORKS . MY ONLY PET PEEVE IS THIS ALBUM IS N'T AS LENGHTY AS I WANTED IT TO BE .
 I know that everyone insists this is the mother of all Coltrane albums . Do n't get me wrong it 's a fine piece of work . I just do n't see the rainbows and stars shooting out of the cd player when it is on .
 I 'm not a big jazz fan , but Coltrane `` kept a rollin '' all through this disc . Elvin Jones is arguably the finest drummer in jazz and he drums his brains out here . Great playing and a very good re-mastered disc . Only issue I have is with the stating -LRB- 6 or so times -RRB- of `` a love supreme . '' in one of the tracks . Kind of distracting .
 g mis '' i like it '' mais je n ai tjrs pa de lecteur SACD donc je peux juste le regarder pour l instant ... Pioneer etait le seul &agrave; proposer une platine SACD &agrave; moins de 900 euro -LRB- largement moins de 900euro puisqu elle ne coutait ke 200euro neuve !!!!! ... c &eacute;tait la Pioneer DV-610AV-K . . -RRB- regardez sur le net vs verrez ! . . mais Pioneer ne la fabrique plus aparament , d&eacute;gout&eacute; : -LRB-
 Acknowledgement ? Resolution ? Pursuance ? Psalm ? Why did n't he just make it all one song and call it `` Crazy '' instead ? Thats what it is . It 's an hour of Coltrane going just absolutely bonkers on tenor sax . Of course that 's what Coltrane does anyway , but he 's just in outer space on this record . He mangles and twists the hell out of his horn in modal and chromatic spasms and sometimes will just wail on one or two notes or non-notes like like he 's screaming into the the thing . Meanwhile , the piano player just puches and plunks and slams and rolls all over the place , while the drummer whangs around and smashes and farts and trips over everything then goes crazy in long billowing solos . Ever so often some clunking and deranged spectre of a melody comes stomping in like a zombie and crashes around a bit , but it always goes back to the same jumbled and dissonant freak-out that makes up most of the recording . Most of the time it sounds like there is no real rythym at all , much less structure , which is cool , I suppose , if it 's done right -- and it is . I give this record a completely arbitrary four stars since I just like the way it sounds and I do n't know how to possibly rate it ! This is way out there if you dig that kind of thing . It 's free . One would almost think Coltrane pioneered this style if he did n't know better .
 If you are looking to add a copy of `` A Love Supreme '' to your collection , buy this 2 CD Deluxe Edition . It features the original album , sourced from an original master tape from EMI 's London vaults , in its entirety on disc 1 . The sonic quality of the recording is as good as it is going to get , although there is a little bit of hiss that is discernable during the quieter bass parts -LRB- it must be that way on the original tape ? -RRB- . The real treat , though , is disc 2 . Luckily , the only live version of `` A Love Supreme '' was documented in Antibes in 1965 . It would have been an unspeakable tragedy if that music had just disappeared into the air . The live version is presented here in its best sound ever , as it is an excellent analog transfer from the original mono tape made by French national radio . Coltrane and the rest of the group stretch out extensively in the live rendition , without losing the shape and contour of the suite as originally recorded.There are even some outtakes of `` Resolution '' and `` Acknowledgment '' that miraculously have been preserved . Particularly noteworthy is the December 10 session that features Archie Shepp in the group . Coltrane recorded over some of the original tape , but the fascinating version of `` Acknowledgment '' with Shepp has been extracted and luckily is available for mankind to study and enjoy , even though there are a few dropouts . This is an amazing , historical moment that has been preserved . The outtakes are the jazz equivalent of the Dead Sea Scrolls . That in itself is a good reason to buy the 2 CD edition .
 The first jazz album recommended to me was Kind Of Blue , the first I ever listened to . It was a strange feeling to be sitting suddenly in a room where an entire genre of music had become unmasked and was no longer mysterious - this strange , sometime terrifying thing , jazz.But I was not overly moved . It took this album , A Love Supreme , another `` crucial '' jazz experience , to move me . What a personal experience ! - and yet a universal one - everyone who has written here has expressed a love for the music , or the performer , or both , and what a confirmation of greatness for Coltrane that his own message of love for divinity has spread to all music-lovers . And yet , jazz and Coltrane in particular impart a humility which few other musical forms can claim - where the soloist is merely a medium , his composition `` merely '' improvisation.The only statement here which I do not agree with is one encouraging patience - patience with this , perhaps , but do n't wait to get it . Challenging it may prove initially , but beyond the intense four-note bass-line , and the energetic Resolution , comes a true resolution in the finale , and the Psalm . Really alas for the brevity of the piece - 45 minutes have never seemed so little ... but does it get better than this ? - just restart , and the reverence continues.Truly one of the essential albums of this century .
 How did a human being do this ?! So otherworldy and yet so tightly constructed and economical . So furious and atonal and yet so gorgeous . Coltrane must be an alien or an angel or a chemical experiment gone out of control . You heard it here first . Oh yeah , his drummer is pretty out of this world too .
 The Impulse archives of John Coltrane 's material seem to be inexhaustible.This 2CD set is one of the most magnificent things issued in 2002 . Of course , you 'll have to sell your old CD version of `` A love supreme '' . Of course , you wo n't sell your old Impulse LP of the same title , because it is the original issue and you 'll treasure it forever.But you 'll have to buy this set , because , first , it includes the original remastered recordings , second , it includes two alternative takes of `` Acknowledgement '' , recorded the same day with Archie Shepp and Art Davis , and third , because it also includes the first authorized issue on CD of `` A love supreme '' , performed live at the Antibes Jazz Festival , France , on July 1965 . This amazing suite named `` A love supreme '' , recorded in studio by the great Rudy Van Gelder , December 1964 , is one of the most magnificent pieces of music made by Trane.This is the apogee of the great John Coltrane Quartet , with McCoy Tyner , Jimmy Garrison and Elvin Jones , and at the same time the end of this group.Jones will leave soon to be replaced by Rashied Ali.Of course , the music is outstanding.Many reviewers wrote about it , and I do n't know what I could add to their writings.Here is some of the most essential music in the history of jazz music.At 39 , Coltrane reaches a dimension rarely equalled by any jazz musician , except Bird , Louis , Billie , Lester or Monk.There is a fascinating climax here , created by Trane 's terrific saxophone solos , as well as by Elvin 's drums , McCoy 's piano and Garrison 's bass.A feeling of absolute mastery , of relaxing peace , and of definitive musical achievement.I first was amazed by this record when I was 15 years old.I played it , and played it , all day long.Now ,22 years later , the same feeling of total happiness is in my mind when I listen to it.This is simply one of the most important jazz records of all times.Personnaly , I 'll forever treasure the studio session , because it is shorter than the live performance , and it gives me a feeling of perfection.Coltrane 's solos are more concise.BUt who would complain of listening to another version of such a masterpiece?And the two alternate takes of `` Acknowledgement '' prefigure the `` Ascension '' session , another achievement in Trane 's music.Indeed , Impulse and Ravi Coltrane gave us a very beautiful gift for Christmas , issueing these tracks .
 When he made this album , John Coltrane considered it to be his gift to God . It 's certainly worthy of that status , having some really amazing instrumentals , including , of course , John Coltrane 's masterful saxaphone playing . I 'm a drummer , and I can testify that this album is also a prime example of really skillful jazz percussion . If you 're looking to start a really fine jazz collection , this would be an important album to include.If you liked this , I recommend Coltrane 's `` Giant Steps . '' It 's a little bit less serious , slightly more bouncy , but of similar excellence .
 Yes , there is no better jazz album -LRB- or if you prefer , disc -RRB- . Listen to the urgency , the striving , the aspiring . This was John Coltrane 's paen to the divine . This was his leap for the immortal and his immortality . He succeeded both ways more than he would ever know.Churches have been organized around this music . This is no joke . Modern-day fundamentalists should listen too -- hint
 I bought this album two days ago , and I 'm still trying to take it all in . At first I was aprehensive about there only being four songs , but not any more . I 'm beating around the bush here , so I 'll cut to the chase . This is quite possibly the best piece of music I have ever heard . This is better than -LRB- in my humble opinion -RRB- Kind of Blue , the Brandenburgh Concertos , Avalanche by Matthew Good , or Mellon Collie and the infinite sadness . I only seriously started listening to jazz less than a year ago , but right away I latched on to Monk and Davis -LRB- because I play piano and trumpet -RRB- , not to mention Duke Ellington , Charlie Parker and Dizzy Gillespie . I first heard Jhon Coltrne on the Essential Miles Davis on `` So What '' and was blwon away . I picked up Kind of Blue and in my opinion , Coltrane dominates the entire album . Naturaly I went and got `` A Love Supreme '' , it being widely regarded as his masterpeice . Each of the four tracks is stunning and unique . The diverse introduction of `` Aknowledgement '' , the urbane , slightley bluesey feel of `` Resolution '' , the breathtaking energy of `` Pursuance '' , and the almost orchestral climaxe of `` Psalm '' . All in all , this is a slice of pure joy.A note to the person who gave one star saying this was old music for old people and complained about the lack of guitars
 No sense in summoning adjectives to describe the original masterpiece ... it 's been done a million times here and elsewhere . Just a quick note to highly recommend the purchase of this disc for the `` bonus '' material . The live performance of the `` Love Supreme '' suite is one unbuckled freakazoid blowfest . If the studio performance was the measured Dr. Jeckyl , then the live recording on disc 2 is the eccentric Mr. Hyde -LRB- or is it the other way ` round ? -RRB- . Coltrane and the classic quartet briefly state the theme of each section and then quick launch into the stratosphere . Here we have plenty of squonking , screaching , and bellowing that more closely resemble the unmannered thoughts and emotions of real life . I , for one , love both recordings , but I can not overstate the gratitude I feel for Impulse ! in providing us an `` authorized '' -LRB- read
 By 1964 , Coltrane had achieved a technical mastery of the saxophone that was light years ahead of his peers , and here that talent meets at a crossroads with Coltrane 's soul on its journey towards enlightenment . This is the product of that meeting . And whatever enlightenment is to you , I think you 'll hear it in volumes here . It 's one long piece , split into four tracks with the titles `` Acknowledgement '' , `` Resolution '' , `` Pursuance '' , and `` Psalm '' . The message is overtly spiritual - reference Coltrane 's poem by the same name - and the beautiful thing about music without words is that it can deliver the message panoramically to anyone of any spiritual persuasion . Only the most sullen atheist would n't feel moved by what 's happening in this album . There are passages of quiet reverence juxtaposed with furious bursts of atonal epiphany . The first and last tracks are the standouts as they are the most memorable - the first for its sophistication in stating the theme , the last for its sheer emotion . There 's even a mystery saxophone overdub in the closing seconds of the album ; no one 's claimed definitive knowledge of how exactly it got into the final mix . Put it on the platter , and you 'll always find yourself rewarded and moved when the last note ends . It 's that deep .
 I am a 16 year old musician who greatly appreciates the work John Coltrane . I just wanted to shine some light on the messages of `` A Love Supreme '' . Coltrane is showing us everything he learned in his life in order throughout the recording . For example , his first three notes in the opening chord are II-V-I , the fist thing he learned . The bass line of `` Love Supreme '' is up a minor 3rd , and then up a fourth . This is the same pattern used in Giant Steps , which was shown to him by Miles Davis . The song is modal in Bb , and the piano uses the chords -LRB- which are all forths -RRB- to demonstrate how to voice the chords in modal jazz . Coltrane then `` shows '' us how he solos over these modal chords . Another interesting thing which most people do n't realize is the significance of `` Psalm '' . If you read the prayer given inside the booklet while listening to the song , you will realize that Coltrane is actually speaking the prayer through his horn , beginning at 10:47 in the song . This album is great to listen to , but it contains so much more . I encourage every lister to find these messages given to us by one of the greatest geniuses of our time .
 Words fail . Inspiration overflows.There is a reason that so many musicians - and non-musicians - hold this album in awe to this day.In my own humble opinion , there simply are no recordings that approach this by anyone I have ever heard . The sheer power of this music overwhelms all who can hear something of what it says . It is from the soul , but not sloppily , not `` free '' , not randomly . It is music by absolute masters at the absolute peak of their powers . They have been assembled by their musical and spiritual leader to give thanks directly to God - whatever form that may take - with nothing between them and that `` audience . '' What they create , what they unleash , are 4 movements of overwhelming candor , of unrivaled expressiveness . The minor blues forms are deceptively simple , hypnotic at times , but these four are masters of the blues , and the Tower of Babel they assemble on that unshakable foundation succeeds in reaching the heavens.It almost trivializes the accomplishment of this recording to praise the stunning technical mastery on display by Coltrane , Tyner , Garrison , and Jones . Rhythms fly on and off the mainline , but remain unfailingly - and at times astonishingly - true to the time . Listen to Elvin 's rim shots in the first movement , amid the blurring polyrythmic overlays.This is primal scream , prayer , and devotion by geniuses . It is Picasso 's Guernica , Michelangelo 's David . It is my first and only nominee for greatest American contribution to world culture.For those who ca n't hear it , do n't blame the album . Try to listen and learn the language . If it continues to make you uncomfortable , then consider the possibility that things that reach your soul hit too close to home .
 I know that everyone has , at one point or another , opened a review with the words `` arguably the greatest album ever '' or `` It changed my life '' or something similar . I will be no different . This is certainly the best John Coltrane album , though there are plenty of competitors , and it might be the best jazz album ever . I 'll stop short of `` best album '' , because it would be impossible for me to go that far . In a way , it also changed my life , or at least the way I thought about music . Before I bought it , my musical tastes were mostly confined to classic rock . After I bought it , and the only reason I did was because I enjoyed the Greatest Hits album of his I owned -LRB- which at the time was one of my four or five jazz albums -RRB- , it opened my mind to all kinds of music . Soon not just jazz but funk , R&B ; , blues alternative rock , and some reggae caught my attention , and began to assimilate themselves into my daily listening diet , so to speak . It is more or less solely responsible for making me realize just how much there is to music . More than the DJ 's at your local classic rock station want you to believe , that 's for sure.So , how about the music ? That 's a good question . Like most of Trane 's other dates recorded after he signed with Atlantic and began to make some of the best music known to mankind , the band is a quartet , this time consisting of Trane on tenor and soprano saxes plus McCoy Tyner on piano , Jimmy Garrison on bass , and Elvin Jones on drums , a group better known as the `` classic quartet '' . A little note on Tyner
 This music goes straight to the marrow of existence . . It vibrates with the love and conviction of a man who has been enlightened . I do not wish to sound preachy or religous . . Coltrane , to put it into more matter of terms , was taking music to its most basic elements . . This is a classic among classics - it is not jazz - it is Coltrane . . It is not bebop - it is Coltrane . .
 John Coltrane was truely ahead of his time ! Vacuum tubes were still the state of the art when this album came out ! Yet , the Fidelity is pretty amazing ... Jimmy Garrison down-shifting on the Bass on the first cut -LRB- `` Acknowlegement '' aka `` Love Supreme '' -RRB- with Elvin Jones and McKoy Tyner rounding things out , just Blew My Mind ! If you DO N'T `` feel '' this one , you have NO SOUL !
 This disc ranks as one of the most moving recordings these ears have ever heard . The haunting chant of the chorus during the title track really allows a listener to feel as though they were there in the studio . It is amazing what Coltrane did with just instruments and skilled musicians . There was n't any electronic amplification or sweetening here . One has to wonder just what would have been accomplished if they were allowed to utilize some of the equipment at our disposal today . `` Acknowledgement '' is a rolling tidal wave of emotions . Grab it and feel the love !
 At # 47 on Rolling Stone 's top 500 rock albums , this is one of those records that everyone simply has to have . But it is great stuff , and worthy of it 's postion . A bit challenging , not just `` silly love songs '' , but worth the investment of your time . The editorial review here sums it up well
 This is one of those albums that you just got ta have -- whether you are a jazz fan or not , you MUST own Coltrane 's `` A Love Supreme '' . John Coltrane is one of history 's greatest saxophonists , and this is arguably his finest moment.Granted , the sound of this will immediately turn many people off - of the album 's 4 `` parts , '' the middle 2 are high-energy and may come off as noise if merely heard as background music . The first and last cuts are slower , but not necessarily more accessible.This is not a jazz album to set the mood at a party or after a date , this is an intense listening experience , but anyone who has been there will surely recommend it .
 I have tried many times to describe this album to others but have failed with fumbled words and detached phrases . I believe the reason why is , this is the type of music that touches something deeper than your ears or mind.Admittedly I am far from a religious person , but spirituality is a different matter , and this album is truly a spiritual experience . Coltrane was filled with a spirit that transcends time and place and removes the listener from all material entanglements thus allowing a freedom seldom provided outside of meditation . A pure form of unspoken language in a private conversation , personal and accesible.To think that four individuals can come together to make a piece of this magnitude gives hope to all . Very few albums will receive 5 stars from me but this album is a no-brainer . If anything buy this album simply to have it ... because unlike others , I believe every house needs A Love Supreme inside .
 This is a really great album from a great artist . It is NOT `` over-hyped '' as some people say . To begin with Coltrane was a bebop player ... and a brilliant one . However , like most great modern artists he had to break the rules to re-write them in his own personal language ... not unlike , Miles Davis , Picasso , Frank Lloyd Wright etc. . The way he forged a personal saxaphone language was amazing and `` A Love Supreme '' is the best example of this . However , the problem with Coltrane is that it takes a leap of faith on the part the listener to get on his wavelength . You see , the music is reliant on it 's own inner rules , not by those established by music/jazz history . If you can make the `` leap of faith '' then the reward is well worth it , if you ca n't ... I pity you !
 I absolutely love this album . I do n't even know what else to say ... It 's above and beyond that which you 'd normally expect of music . It 's deep ... it 's emotional ... -LRB- i do n't know so much about its being spiritual . i did n't get that at all . -RRB- It 's gorgeous . But it 's certainly not for people who dislike experimentation and prefer everything to resolve neatly and happily . -LRB- Remembering the look of horror on my mother 's face ... -RRB- If you are like my mother , you will not like this . It is more feeling than music . If you can dig it , buy this album for the feeling .
 I grew up hearing the works of John Coltrane on early Saturday mornings , and mellow summer nights ; my father introduced this `` Jazz Man '' to me and my siblings very early in life . But , it was not until very recently that I began to truly appreciate the mastery and genius of this beautiful musician . I understand `` A Love Supreme '' to be the true representation of John Coltrane 's perception of life and spiritual awarness .
 Beautiful , inspirational , spiritual , amazing , and every other platitude you can imagine . No jazz or Coltrane collection is complete without this one ! Lie back , listen , and be changed for good . In a word , superb . An album supreme .
 There is no album quite like this . Get it and listen with your heart open , and you will be rewarded .
 This recording is the most sublime work put to tape . Coltrane 's legacy is best summed up in this transcendent document of spiritual pursuit and meditiation . His band mates , particularly Elvin Jones , provide a rich context for Trane 's musings on the mystery of existence . There is nothing better than to light a candle and listen .
 Not much else to say other than to buy this CD . Absolutely amazing performances from everyone in the quartet . May be a bit daunting to listen to at first , but truly one of the greatest accomplishments in music .
 This is a great album - Coltrane goes into a sort of African vamp - and even sings during part of the album .
 Like `` Kind of Blue '' this is a recording accessible to all listeners , resisting facile classifications -LRB- fusion , jazz , modal , musician 's music , general public 's music , etc. -RRB- . Coltrane 's Promethean questing sweeps up and includes the listener , taking him or her through the hero 's journey , which concludes on an affirmative note of thanksgiving and peace . Moreover , the musical motifs are in themselves memorable , satisfying the listener 's need for a musical stronghold in which to ground the spiritual thrust of the extra-musical religious-spiritual meanings.Of the recordings after `` A Love Supreme , '' `` Transition '' achieves a similar visionary ascent , though much of the recorded documentation of Coltrane 's last two years is likely to prove inaccessible or at least less engaging to the average listener . It 's music `` in '' but also `` of '' the moment , a record of pain and anger , protest and revolution , carrying an unmistakable political subtext that frequently overwhelms the main musical text.Arguably the most influential instrumentalist of the past 50 years , Coltrane left the listener plenty of choices , should the recordings after `` A Love Supreme '' prove unsatisfying . `` My Favorite Things '' is the perfect antidote to the cloying soprano sax sound of Kenny G. -LRB- as is the soprano sax playing of the deeply expressive and moving traditionalist , Sidney Bechet -RRB- . For every serious musician , however , perhaps the one recording by Coltrane that belongs at the top is `` Giant Steps . '' Once a musician has mastered the dominant-tonic movement of popular harmonies , the next essential step is learning how to negotiate the `` Giant Steps '' / `` Count Down '' harmonic movement that Coltrane introduced . Before learning the theory , however , a listener needs to experience the stunning freshness that is its musical result . With the motivation , the theory is likely to be realized far more efficiently and effectively .
 There 's always some lame so-called music `` critic '' , so-called `` blogger '' or whatever that thinks he or she has the credentials to trash someone 's musical talents . Well , there are a few of those `` haters '' who reviewed this masterpiece from Coltrane . Jazz has always been experimental . Miles , Monk , Byrd & Coltrane made their bones pressing the envelope with their interpretation -LRB- key words `` their interpretation '' -RRB- of what jazz is . This is the problem with folks . Everything has to sound the same or fit perfectly inside some type of box . Music like art has unlimited boundaries to express a thought or a sound as log as it 's not offensive . Throughout history , musical giants such as Bach , Mozart , Beethovan , the jazz legends mentioned above & countless names of others in other musical genres -LRB- rock n roll , r & b , hip hop , ect . -RRB- have had `` critics '' try to silence their greatness with their misinformed reviews . I have a question . Name me one `` critic '' just one that has produced a musical masterpiece that will stand the test of time ? Hum , let me guess ... none ! `` Critics '' are the ones who did n't have the stuff to be legends so they unfortunately became `` critics '' or college professors : -RRB-
 Well i 'm from the hip hop generation , but recently i have found myself going back to get a more full circle view of music John coltrane is the first jazz cd i have brought and wow i was truly amazed and taken back i definetly recommend this cd for all ages . .
 Many reviews have been written about this CD but I thought I 'd throw my two cents in anyway . One word-MASTERPIECE . I was pleased to see that it had been reissued on CD and immediately picked up a copy so I could hear it anywhere . Not the place to start with `` Trane '' but absolutely one of his best.Originally released in 1964 this is a landmark album in that it is an introspective and reflective conceptual composition . The music is broken into four parts , `` Acknowdedgement '' , `` Resolution '' , `` Pursuance '' and `` Psalm '' . Each part has its merits but the key ingrediants are the driving creative energies each member of the quartet displays . Of course `` Trane '' is the main course as he serves up some of the most inspirational sax work ever recorded . The divine inspiration is evident throughout the album and you canot help but feel cleansed and inspired yourself after listening to `` A Love Supreme '' . The `` Psalm '' is my favorite movement of the album and to hear `` Trane '' chant is truly remarkable . You too will be saying `` A Love Supreme , A Love Supreme , A Love Supreme '' . This is meditative music that brings you closer to the Supreme Being thanks to the efforts of `` Trane '' . Listen to this anytime you want to be in touch with the your spiritual self and be one with the universe and it 's creator . Zone out but remember how you got here and your purpose should always give praise as `` Trane '' did . Coincidentally John Coltrane 's initials are JC , listen to this inspirational music for the ages and keep in mind what he says on the original linear notes , ELATION - ELEGANCE - EXALTATION - All from God .
 I usually ignore the `` religious '' or `` sacred '' tag in a piece of music and find that I still can fully appreciate the pure musical beauty of it . This album could easily be enjoyed in a similar vein for its sheer passion and energy . -LRB- religious or otherwise -RRB- . So even if you are turned-off by these this `` spiritual '' hype surrounding this landmark album go ahead and buy it ! Like Miles Davis 's `` Kind of Blue '' , the hype is more than justified .
 This album is definitely one of the most terrific ones in the jass history . The sound stucks in your brain and let you fly to an other dimension.Also the quality of this vinyl version is great.Enjoy .
 John Coltrane - A Love Supreme , SACDA masterpiece of musical expressionism and one of my most beloved jazz albums ! This album has been reviewed a million times and considered by jazz affectionados as one of the pinnacle jazz album so not uch really to add.Essentialy this is Coltrane doing what he does best ... conveying feeling thru his music . A Love Supreme really is an emotional rollercoaster ride moving from sad to happy to high to low emotions . Trane draws on his jazz mates of Elvin Jones , McCory Tyner and Jimmy Garrison who helped create IMHO one of the most thought-provoking , emotive and technically pleasing jazz albums of all time.This was intended very much to be a spirtual prayer album with Coltrane playing some of his most emotive reed work ever!I think this album really breathes ... it is not Coltrane on heroin ... but rather Coltrane creating a very unique sound scape where he can covey his music spiritually.If you are a jazz lover then you already know this album and have discovered it 's inner beauty ... for those new to jazz this is a great place to start.The Impulse SACD was restorred and mastered for SACD by Rudy Van Gelder in 2002 and was one of the first SACD 's I had to own after buying my SACD player ! This SACD has a few of the original source limitations which You can hear but was left intact purposefully by Van Gelder to ensure the integrity of the master is passed on . The mix is excellent too with great instrument clarity and the right amount of seperation . I think the drums are mixed very clear and seem very bright and accentuated a bit more than other recordings I have which helps I think make this SACD feel so fresh .
 you just ca n't go wrong with john coltrane . the cover was a little on the weathered side , but recording great
 One of the greatest jazz albums of ALL time ! Coltrane truly at the top of his game , & the warmth of the music is best heard on VINYL .
 two important things happened to John Coltrane in 1957
 I was trying so hard to find this album without paying a fortune . Not only was this one affordable , but it was of such great quality . I will definitely be purchasing from this seller again !
 Esta grabaci&oacute;n es de alta calidad musical . Uno de los cl&aacute;sicos del jazz de todos los tiempos . Temas muy espirituales .
 WITHOUT A DOUBT THIS IS ONE OF THE TEN BEST JAZZ ALBUMS OF ALL TIMES . . MAYBE ONE THE THE BEST FIVE IN MANY INNER JAZZ CIRCLES . . PERIOD ...
 it is said that every creative act of man is an homage to THE creator . yet many artists tend to put too much faith in their egos , remaining unaware that they are merely messengers of a divine cosmic force . coltrane was conscious of this for most of his life . his music became more overtly about absolution as he drew closer and closer to the burning flame of truth before finally being consumed in it 's glory . this masterpeice in three movements that is hailed as coltrane 's crowning acheivement , was merely a breath of his breathing . a brief pause on an eternal journey that leads back to the source of all of creation .
 `` A Love Supreme '' is Coltrane 's musical prayer , and people of the religious vein can only wish to pray so beautifully . Trane never runs out of ideas on the album , and the listener can glean something new out of every re-listening . Each sound fits in the multi-colored fabric of his improvisations -- and the album as a whole is fully satisfying . I still have not grown tired of this album .
 With A LOVE SUPREME John Coltrane reached a sort of zenith in his pursuitof his faith.This album in my opinion has to be on any great music fans list.ACKNOWLEDGEMENT starts with a solo byColtrane that if you really listen is almost like a very moving prayer.If NASAever sends any more probes out into spacein search of other life , A LOVE SUPREME should be included on this missionas a symbol of Earth 's culture .
 of a the trane recordings a love supreme has managed to evoke all the feelings of oneness with the music and the universe , i listen to it every day a least once and it always amazes me . trane proved to himself and to the world that all things are connected to each other through prayer and music , to me it is the greatest recording ever . i love bird to death , but no musician has ever been able to touch the soul like trane . does it ever make you think that trane was sent here for a very special purpose , i truly believe he was an angel here on earth . his music has protected , loved , and frightened me all at the same time . he was my father when my own dad wasnt there to give me the answers . his spirit resides beside my own . when i heard his last recording expressions i knew he was dying and even if i had never heard a trane tune in my life i would have known . A love supreme is the worlds greates jazz album , bar non . I LOVE YOU TRANE EACH AND EVERY DAY OF MY LIFE , I PLACE ! NO OTHER MUSICIAN BEFORE YOU . ONLY MILES STANDS BESIDES YOU . I KNOW WHEN THE DAY OF RECONING COMES YOU AND MILES AND GABRIEL WILL BE THE ONES TO BLOW THE NEXT LIFE INTO EXISTANCE AND CLOSE THE DOORS ON THIS ONE !!!!! AS-SALAAM ALAIKUM !!!
 The tonal arrangements in this work are truly remarkable . The energetic striving by Coltrane to impart to the listener his own personal spiritual ` rapture ' succeeds at just about all levels . Personal indulgences by the artists are kept to the minimum as the mood swings crafted by Coltrane pull the voyeur listener along on this most personal of journeys . Absolutely made to be heard in the early hours of a hard days night , or in the relaxed sunshine of a Sunday morning .
 O disco &eacute; muito bom , vale a pena ter em casa , tenho ele em MP3 , mas em vinil &eacute; outra coisa , show .
 There is nothing I can add to what has already been said about this recording . Simply amazing and will always withstand the test of time .
 Wonderful , wonderful , wonderful ! Finally ! This is better than my first-pressing , vinyl LP .
 I wish I could give Coltrane 's A Love Supreme more than five stars . This CD is simply unbelievable.Please do n't be put off on how Coltrane feels about God . You do n't have to share his belief to FEEL what he feels when his is at the saxaphone . You will and you will be moved by this music - you 'll feel at a higher place - wherever that is for your beliefs.This CD is a must own for any fan of real Jazz .
 A Love Supreme is one of those albums that I had always heard about as being one of Trane 's quintessential pieces.This work of art slowly brings the listener into Trane 's universe through a simple , but sticky bass . What follows is pure musical bliss with Trane weaving in and out of the rhythm section 's perfect beats . If you are attracted to spiritual , then this album is for you , and it also gives you a rare glimpse of Trane 's singing voice , when he chants `` A Love Supreme , A Love Supreme ... ''
 Any critic that sits down and attempts to name the ten most influencial artists of America would have to stumble upon John Coltrane.Working with big names for years before being recognized , John Coltrane was eventually called by Miles Davis to help with a recording . That recording -LRB- `` Kind of Blue '' -RRB- could be discussed until Kingdom Come , but most know that nearly all musicians involved with it went on to do great things.Coltrane was very popular before this 1964 release , but until `` A Love Supreme '' he had n't connected , come to terms , with his spiritual side through his music . Battling through depression -LRB- brough on by drugs more than likely -RRB- , he looked towards his religious roots growing up in North Carolina to record this album.The opening bass line is one of the most recognizable in any music to date . `` Acknowledgement '' is an ode to -LRB- the Christian -RRB- God , but many claim that `` Allah Supreme '' is chanted as a look back to a previous time when he came into contact with Islam.Regardless of any of that , `` A Love Supreme '' is one of the most well known jazz recordings of all time . Some regard Coltrane as thee definitive jazz musician and one of the best musicians ever . After all these years this album still holds up . It 's spiritual , it 's uplifting -LRB- one `` verse '' consists of a poem `` spoken '' through John 's sax ! -RRB- , and at times catchy . It 's accessible for those looking to get into jazz , but even those who have memorized every note and improvisation still find much to discuss.A must for any jazz collection .
 This is one of the best selling albums in the history of jazz , and with good reason . I can remember the first time that I heard this
 It had been some time since I listened to this album but , it dawned on me when I did recently that this might be the best album to represent the changes in America in the 1960s . A lot of groups are credited with writing music that captured the tension of the time , particularly that found in the civil rights struggle.Coltrane , already a very popular tradition jazz player , put out an album in 1964 that challenged most everything musically while capturing a spiritual side of jazz that would influence others to come .
 One of the 20th century 's greatest and most important works got better in this edition . The highs are crisper , the articulations clearer , and the lows more distinct than either the LP or earler CDs.That said , I think the ancillary material -LRB- on disc 2 -RRB- , while interesting for JC fans , provides little improvement on the studio version . The live version from France -LRB- Summer ' 65 -RRB- is unfocussed , ragged , and sounds like they 're trying to find a groove -LRB- and never do -RRB- throughout the performance . While it pressage 's John 's `` free form '' period , this does n't serve the piece well . Second , the 2 sextette cuts may be historically interestng , but the sound quality is poor and the playing sounds crowded.The 2 alternate takes are not really alternates as they so closely match the final version.Should you buy this CD ? Yes , for the quality of the reissued studio version , but not for the additional material .
 Forget all the mystique and technical commentary about Coltrane -- this is an experience for every listener . You do not need to be a ` jazz expert ' -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- or consumed by religion to appreciate this . ' A Love Supreme ' is one of the most accessible , powerful works of popular music in existence . It transcends the genre -- read the reviews , there are plenty of listeners for whom this was their first or second jazz album . If you are new to Coltrane or to jazz , you wo n't go wrong by starting here.I once read , in a comparison between Coltrane and Stan Getz -- another outstanding tenor sax -- that while you admired Getz ' incredible technique or the way he interpreted a particular passage , with Coltrane you were taken by the immensity of the experience . ' A Love Supreme ' is exactly that -- a wave of sound , from Coltrane 's incomparable saxophone to McCoy Tyner 's piano , Garrison 's bass and Elvin Jones unforgettable percussion . If you 're looking for background music or easy listening , look elsewhere . For 35 minutes of some of the most powerful music of the past century , five stars is n't enough .
 For years my very good friend who prides himself on being a music aficionado and `` snob '' , much like Jack Black 's character in High Fidelity , has been raving about John Coltrane and a `` Love Supreme '' . I however , have been firmly encamped in the classic rock , blues and pop of the 50 's , 60 's & 70 's . I always felt the jazz style that Coltrane and others of that genre played , was way above my head . Though I appreciated the musicianship to the degree I could , I did n't particularly care for it . I did n't `` get it '' . But now as I reach the half-way point in my fifties , I wanted to force my self to listen and try to see just what it is about Coltrane that so many folks find extrodinary . So my friend recommended A Love Supreme . I listened and listened and virtually immersed my self in the recording until passages became familiar . Now I have a glimmer , an embryonic appreciation of the man 's gift . I put it on for my 17 year old daughter and she loves it ! It grows on you and I think maybe for the first time I 'm experiencing what that type of jazz can do for you . Live & learn !
 Overstated my title ? No , I do n't think so . For me this album is up there with the Rite of Spring by Stravinski and Axis
 Let me get this out of the way ; I am a pagan . I 've been pretty discontent with religion since I was maybe 13 years old . But this was John Coltrane 's way of praising God and getting his religious beliefs through . The liner notes were written by Coltrane and they explained his devotion to God , his music , and his fellow bandmates . Overall , this was an album sparked by faith . And if this is a way to pay tribute to God through music , then this is one touching album to do it . Parts of it actually leave me in awe for hours at a time , almost to the point of tears , and some of the music stays with me for long periods of time . If you can get an irreligious person to be moved by an album with a dogmatic message to it , then you 've definitely accomplished something . The same can not be said for bands like dc Talk , no offense against them.John Coltrane has always been one of my favorite musicians ever , and his sax playing always floors me , the way Steve Howe from Yes does to me with the guitar . I feel his playing , as well as the others in the band -LRB- especially Elvin Jones ' killer drum solo on Psalm 3 -RRB- . Every note of this album to me reflected his spirituality and there has never been another album that has expressed religious devotion so beautifully and so clearly than this one -LRB- though Genesis ' 23-minute opus `` Supper 's Ready '' comes close -RRB- . To those who like passion with their religion ; leave the Bible on the shelf , and listen ot his ! God bless you Coltrane , and rest in peace !
 This is a classical album ... so there 's not so much to say about it . I want to say something instead on the format SACD.I 've got the CD version , the Vinyl version , but with my player , apart of the `` silkness '' of the vinyl , the SACD is simply fantastic ! This new format is quite perfect ... and i do n't understand why the software house do n't move to replace the old CD that have so many limits , comparing for example to the obsolete but still excellent VINYL.Please ...
 Just got this CD last week -LRB- it helps knowing people in the music business -RRB- , and I am having a pretty good time with it . The first CD in this collection is the original A Love Supreme movement unchanged , just as I remember it . The second disc , however , is a true delight , taking on new forms and shading new light on the greatest jazz materpiece ever conceived . To start , how about a full live version of the entire movement from France , 1965 . Apparantly this is the only time Coltrane ever performed the full movement . It is truly amazing , reaching about 50 minutes in length . The bass solo by Jimmy Garrison in Pursuance is mind-blowing . Coltrane reaches out there , but always keeps it true to the beauty that is A Love Supreme . Also included on Disc 2 are a couple of alternate takes of Resolution - very interesting to see which takes were left out -LRB- it must have been a tough decision -RRB- . To end this wonderful re-issue , there are 2 takes of Acknowledgement which include not only the original quartet , but also additional bassist Art Davis , and Alto player Archie Shepp . Wow . Hearing the added musicians also adds new elements and dimensions to the original recording . 2 basses ? Its a lot to absorb , but I am looking forward to it . To sum it up , one of the better reissues I 've seen in a while . If the original album moves you , do n't hesitate to pick up this truly wonderful collection . To quote Joshua Redman , `` It is the first album I remember hearing , and I hope its the last . ''
 who said this record was n't all that ? I beg your pardon , you do n't say . this record is not for a party , it 's for your ears . This is pure joy . the guy that gave one star does not like jazz . listen to this late at night after your girlfriend broke up with you . this is life affirming it 's hopeful it taps into all your emoticons and beyond . if i knew you i would just make you a copy but it 's cheap enough . check it out when you are screwed up or to impress a lady . either way you will score .
 This album -LRB- contrary to some reviews you may see here -RRB- is one of the quintessential musical montages ever devised by the human mind . If you have only been exposed to straight swing and bop , this album may take some getting used to , but realize , that this album is not about structure . It is not about the black man sticking it to the MAN . It is not about changing that which is jazz . It is not about anything other then pure , unadulterated , heavenly sound . It is a view into this man 's very life , feelings , and soul . To totally appreciate it , you must keep this in mind at all moments you listen to this album . So buy it , sit back , and do n't look for a message or meaning . Just enjoy .
 Let me clarify something
 For those that get this album it is nothing short of a masterpiece . For those that do n't it is anything but a masterpiece . Before judging this album one way or the other I recommend multiple listenings over a fairly extended period of time . Try listening to it 8 or 9 times over the period of a couple of weeks . I 've actually known people who at first thought this album was awful , but after a while their ears opened up to it and they absolutley loved it .
 I have never listened to Coltrane before i purchased this album . Since i purchased the Oppo BDP-83 blu ray player that also plays DVD-A & SACD formats my intrest in jazz has been refuled . while doing a search for good jazz at amazon , this title came up on SACD with great reviews ; i decided to take a chance . WoW , i wished i had these odds in Vegas , I 'd be a rich man ! This disc is incredible . the stereo seperation is absolutely on point ; it 's the first thing you notice . then there is the quality that DSD brings to SACD . It was as if John and his peoples were standing in front of me playing it is so clear . yes , clarity is the other word i would use to describe this disc . it is very deep and moving . with the right glass of wine and the lights dimmed you are in for an evening of total relaxation . i recommend everyone with an SACD player run , not walk and pick this up . fellas , your woman will thank you for giving her the Coltrane ! wine and light dimmer not included !
 this is the work of a gigantic heart and soul who has mastered a musical language and shaped that language into sublime emotional poetry . mr coltrane sounds like someone digging deep within himself for these notes , choosing each one carefully to build a supreme architecture . his sax wails , sings , weeps , & cries out , notes formed & twisted & perfectly shaped . great tone . big sound . music for the heavens . an album to listen to throughout your lifetime . do n't miss this masterpiece .
 This is one of the best flowing , most organic , beautiful and emotional pieces of music I 've ever heard . Also keep in mind that this is coming from someone who owns barely any jazz records . You do n't need to be some sort of jazz expert to recognize how truly amazing A Love Supreme is . Coltrane pours his heart out and then some . Essential for any music fan .
 This album title often surfaces in conversations about music , and some who do n't listen to a lot of jazz are likely to hear unreserved superlatives when it is described . If those people go out and buy this , they 're not likely to be over impressed on one listen . These are not easy sounds to listen to , much less enjoy , if your tastes have been bred on a diet of Kenny G or Michael Brecker.But give it a chance . This CD is n't just a recording of a man playing saxophone in front of a small combo ; this is a jazz giant reaching an epiphany in his effort to express through music the raw essence of his love for God.I do n't pretend to know a lot about the technical aspects of Coltrane 's gift for playing the saxophone , but that 's unnecessary to enjoy this . This is human expression in its purest , most unaffected form . Sit back in a comfortable chair and let this wash over you a few times . Listen to it , not as background music , but as if someone were speaking intimately to you on an important subject.I 'm certain that some may still not be able to bridge the aural gap between radio-friendly pabulum and this undistilled product , but I 'm equally certain that others will prize this recording as the jazz jewel in their CD collection .
 I am student teaching in Austin and just used this recording in class . It was paired with Micheal S. Harper 's poem ` Dear John , Dear Coltrane . ' Of course , they could not fathom the complexity of the music or the journey it took Trane on . They are freshmen . That said , this record confirms Trane 's place as one of the five most influential musicians of the past century regardless of genre . His playing on this recording can not help but strike a chord in any listener -- the spirituality Trane was seeking is evident . For first-time listeners , I would not suggest this album ; instead try ` Blue Train ' or ` Favorite Things . ' ' A Love Supreme ' is an album that you have to work towards as a listener . It can not be your initiation into the world of Coltrane . If you wait , you will be rewarded accordingly .
 this double-disc was my main requested gift for the past Christmas . As a Coltrane fan of only a year but of weekly immersion , I had some trouble with the extended dissonance , especially on the second CD , the one with the live performance and the alternate takes . After a couple of weeks of listening , I have to say I like Disc One , the original LP version , better , and that frankly surprises me . Disc One is 90 percent great , and the second set only 60 percent great . Still , that 's not bad . Fans who themselves play jazz will like this deluxe set more than I did . I definitely would not advise people to BEGIN their Coltrane experience with `` A Love Supreme . '' I think I lucked into a better way ... starting with the Thelonious Monk/Coltrane disc , then the compilation '' ` Trane 's Blues '' then `` My Favorite Things '' and culminating in `` Giant Steps '' which I find totally wonderful . Another good one for the novice is the `` Kenny Burrell/Coltrane '' CD . I must say that the packaging for this version of `` A Love Supreme '' is well done , with a great booklet and an unusual slip case . I will be glad I own this , but I wo n't play it for casual enjoyment the way I will the other albums I 've mentioned . In that sense , I suppose I am slightly disappointed . There seem to be huge numbers of fans who love this one more than anything else Coltrane produced . Perhaps they are more sophisticated and musically aware than I am .
 This album may serve as an acid test - if you do n't like it , you do n't like jazz , and never will . The flawless interplay of the four voices in this work builds upon all that came before and anticipates all that came after . Those who do n't like it - and these are few an far between - are usually aggressively drowsy conservatives who listen to Coltrane wishing listfully that his genius had not arrived on the scene to disturb the sanguine haze that was American music in the late 50 's . A Love Supreme created a new musical idiom in which the depth of human sentiment could be commiunicated . A towering accomplishment .
 First of all , John Coltrane is absolutely my favorite saxophonist in history . Those who say he plays the saxonphone like a singer pinching their nose obviously have no musical experience . I play the tenor sax and trust me , no one and I mean no one has ever reached such a smooth and melodic sound . You seriously should try Briteny Spears if you are going to criticize how he plays . The saxophone is easy to play but tough to make as beautful as Coltrane did . He deserves so many praises.Secondly , Love Supreme is in my mind one of the greatest examples of the brilliance jazz contains . This is freedom . Coltrane put so much emotion into this album . His focus was God , and he proved to be divine with the sax himself . Whether or not you may find A Love Supreme to be entertaining and listenable , there is no doubt that Coltrane truly expressed his strong emotions in his playing . I feel that the beauty A Love Supreme has is through its expression of freedom and emotion . Some might say his repetion of notes is annoying , but Coltrane used this as a release of feelings . The repetion just shows his passion for God and his for of expression . This is the album that shows Coltrane at his highest time of musicianship
 This album represented a shift on Coltrane 's part to longer songs and looser song structures . Even though some people adore this album , I think it 's merely `` very good '' because it does n't grab me as strongly as some of his other stuff .
 This is one of the most widely known classics by John Coltrane , with good reason , this album is excellant . Coltrane plays beautifully on this album , he is at his best here . If you are a big jazz fan you must buy this album . The only part I do n't like is the minute or so where `` A Love Supreme '' is chanted , other than that this is a masterpiece . Coltrane fans will not be disapointed .
 The John Coltrane Quartet in A Love Supreme is composed of John Coltrane on tenor saxophone , McCoy Tyner on piano , Jimmy Garrison on bass , and Elvin Jones on drums.John Coltrane 's music is kind of like spicy food . Some people love spicy food and others can not stand it . You just have to have the taste for it . So , with that in mind , this album might not be for every person , even a jazz lover.If there is any fault in this album , it is the suite 's extreme complexity . Coltrane 's highly improvised and somewhat exploratory style of creating melodies might be hard on some listeners ' ears . This is definitely not a CD for New Age music!This CD does however have many high points . Coltrane 's technical flourishes and great tenor tone adds a lot of colour to the melodic lines . The piano solos by McCoy Tyner are excellent and greatly complement Coltrane 's playing . Tyner 's fingers sure can fly . Also , Tyner 's piano comping goes great with the rhythm section . The CD also features a bass introduction on Part II
 the second track , `` resolution '' , is probably my favorite song ever recorded . buy this album if you have any remote interest in jazz .
 Essential.This ` short ' CD shows ` Trane exploring his religion and fusing his famous technique with his revelations .
 My friend is in search of his interpretation of God . So I gave this cd to him to help him on his quest . I hope he finds what he is looking for . < 3
 Even listners -LRB- like myself -RRB- who are not big jazz fans can get into this amazing masterwork . Do n't expect for this cd to blow you away the very second you listen to it . Give it a few listens and then you 'll never be able to keep it out of your cd player . It wraps you in a loving embrace and makes you hope it will never let you go . This cd is John 's gift to God , and it 's unsurpassed beauty proves God 's existence . Buy it !
 A LOVE SUPREME
 John Coltrane is a master . He is the greatest saxophonist to ever touch the instrument . This CD is one of themost powerful sounds ever recorded . Elvin Jones lights up this album with his distinctive and masterful drumming , and McCoy with his virtoustic ability . Jimmy Garrison takes a long but stunning solo , and the whole group is on fire as they record this . This is not only a Jazz album , it is for rock and other music lovers too . This is one of the most essential if not the most essential Jazz album out there . It ranks with Kind of Blue as a masterpeice .
 I 'm just beginning to get into jazz ... I have a jazz collection that currently consists of TWO albums , A Kind of Blue , and this one , A Love Supreme , so yeah , I 'm just a newbie ... I bought this one today , and so I definately have n't cyphered out all the little aspects of the music , but I do like it a lot ... I listened to it once through first , and I thought it was ok , but tonight I played it , and actually listened , and well this is my second or third time through and I must say I love it ... the music here is awesome ... obviously this is Coltranes album , and so the saxophone is ever present , but it 's not the only thing ... in fact , all four parts of the quartet are awesome ... the piano playing is amazing -LRB- especially the solo in Resolution -RRB- , the drumming is some of the best I 've ever heard -LRB- the solos in Pursuance are awesome -RRB- and the bass playing is amazing ... the solo separating Pursuance and Psalm really is some good stuff ... I like all of this album , and I find that I just want to keep listening to it , and everytime I do listen to it I appreciate it more ... my only complaint is over the singing in Acknowledgement ... it must be by Coltrane himself , and well , I can see why he 's a saxophone player ya know ... it just does n't fit ... but hey , that 's just small potatoes as they say ... the album really is awesome stuff ... the hype is for real ... and I 've read alot of reviews where the people say the album is too short , but I actually like that ... I find I can listen to the album through with no problem ... maybe it 's my lack of an attention span , but I find most albums around 50 minute and the like to be too long to listen to in one sitting ... this one I can listen to straight through , and that 's great ... look , even if you 're not a huge jazz fan , or are just starting to get into it -LRB- like me -RRB- you need to get this album ... it 's pretty awesome !!!
 of a the trane recordings a love supreme has managed to evoke all the feelings of oneness with the music and the universe , i listen to it every day a least once and it always amazes me . trane proved to himself and to the world that all things are connected to each other through prayer and music , to me it is the greatest recording ever . i love bird to death , but no musician has ever been able to touch the soul like trane . does it ever make you think that trane was sent here for a very special purpose , i truly believe he was an angel here on earth . his music has protected , loved , and frightened me all at the same time . he was my father when my own dad wasnt there to give me the answers . his spirit resides beside my own . when i heard his last recording expressions i knew he was dying and even if i had never heard a trane tune in my life i would have known . A love supreme is the worlds greates jazz album , bar non . I LOVE YOU TRANE EACH AND EVERY DAY OF MY LIFE , I PLACE ! NO OTHER MUSICIAN BEFORE YOU . ONLY MILES STANDS BESIDES YOU . I KNOW WHEN THE DAY OF RECONING COMES YOU AND MILES AND GABRIEL WILL BE THE ONES TO BLOW THE NEXT LIFE INTO EXISTANCE AND CLOSE THE DOORS ON THIS ONE !!!!! AS-SALAAM ALAIKUM !!!
 John Coltrane , is one of the true masters of jazz , he is as Dr. Earl Ofari Hutchinson and many others would say an ICON . He puts together a blend of music that can only be described as phenomenal . When you sit down and listen , you are mesmerized.The album only has four tracs , however is n't quantity , it 's quality . This is an album to listen with somebody , perhaps your significant other . It will definitely put you in the mood.Like Sgt. Pepper , What 's Going On , and Bitches Brew , this album ranks up there with the others as some of the greatest recorded works ever produced.John Coltrane made his transition on July 17 , 1967 . Like the maker 's of the other albums mentioned here , Coltrane was a genius .
 I bought this cd as a gift for my jazz loving girlfriend . She liked it very much and I am also enjoying listening to it . John Coltrane is fantastic !
 This is a genuine classic in Jazz , sure , but , this is a powerful spiritual statement of free-spirited unbridled but constructive passion , as you can tell by the title , A Love Supreme . Everyone gets their own values and benefits from well done art , and this is one of those artistic values ... So , I end this review here with . . A Love Supreme ... A Love Supreme ... A Love Supreme ... -LRB- As was chanted on the CD/Vinyl Album Recording -RRB- Captain Josh .
 There are classics . This is one of them . Freakin ' amazing - nothing but bare soul laying on the line , worship , reverence , and real life.Words escape me .
 A Love Supreme might be one of the most recognized jazz recordings . You have to read the liner notes as it describes what Coltrane was going through at the time and his devotion to God . This is Coltrane 's attempt to honor and praise God . It is an album of devotion with Coltrane at his best . McCoy Tyner plays piano , Jimmy Garrison , bass and Elvin Jones on drums . Haunting , powerful music .
 I have heard if `` A Love Supreme '' a lot of times ; Many musicians have spoke or even sang of this work.I wanted to hear it . `` A Love Supreme `` is a master 's work.It has the unusual quality in that you can intently listen and try to digest the sheet of notes Coltrane could deliver so fluidly , yet it is relaxing enough that you can play it and not focus it and find it enjoyable.A very pleasant paradox!Any complaint I can offer is that it is so brilliant that it will take a few repeated listnings to be able to grasp its scope.Then you will find yourself suddenly humming pieces of this at any given time during the day.It is just so `` musical `` This work is full of emotion and feeling.Buy this and listen to it at least 3 times entirely and see if you are not singing Coltrane in your head !
 Admittedly , like most people who have grown up listening to mainstream music , jazz i not the easiest genre to dive into . I started listening to Coletrane with My Favorite Things , then onto to Blue Train and Giant Steps , but then tackled A Love Supreme and was amazed by the depth of the album . Coletrane demonstrates his craft in hi exploration of faith and devotion to something bigger than himself and a sense of humility to the power of a greater power .
 I bought this album for my husband as a gift , and he plays it on Sunday afternoons for that perfect sunday feel . Highly recommend .
 Coltrane 's A Love Supreme is a spectacular example of what jazz music should be . I was not a big jazz fan until I discovered Coltrane .
 The sound on this SACD is simply magnificent but it should be noted that this is a stereo SACD , so do n't buy it expecting it to be a multi-channel 5.1 mix .
 There is not much to say other than excellent and superb ! A real classic for Coltrane lovers . One of my favorites !
 As a relative newcomer to jazz , the first instinct is to get Miles ' `` Kind of Blue '' . The very next album , is this . Yes it 's that good . A refreshing sound that starts with the first few bars of ` Acknowledgement ' . `` A Love Supreme '' is a necessity for any jazz enthusiast .
 Relatively speaking , I 'm new to Jazz artists . I 've always loved the sound but never bothered to find out the different styles , much less the artists . I 'm so very happy with this CD and thank Amazon for making it available to me , quickly and packaged perfectly . Could n't ask for more .
 John Coltrane / A Love Supreme : Personnel : John Coltrane - tenor saxElvin Jones - drumsJimmy Garrison - bassMcCoy Tyner - pianoOne of the greatest and most enjoyable albums ever made.This one deserves a Sixth Star
 Moving music -- I have listened to it many times . Great jazz from a great artist ! I highly recommend if you love jazz !
 A LOVE SUPREME is John Coltrane 's great four-part suite , recorded in February 1965 . The saxophonist performs on tenor with his long-running ensemble of pianist McCoy Tyner , bassist Jimmy Garrison and drummer Elvin Jones and continues in the hard bop genre and from their last recordings , but the harmonic freedom and luminous tones are something never heard before . It is one of the first major appearances of religious devotion in Coltrane 's music , which was to last until the end of his career.Coltrane had for nearly a decade been playing the saxophone in a highly virtuosic manner , filling his solos with 16th and 32nd notes . By the end of the first part of this suite , when the four-note theme is connected to the mantra `` A Love Supreme '' spoken by Coltrane -LRB- accompanied with his own voice overdubbed -RRB- , then these flourishes take on an added significance . It 's no surprise that Coltrane moved on to free jazz after this , because after pushing hard bop to these extremes , there would just be no other way to pursue greater expressivity . Few recordings hold within them pure religious devotion for those seeking emotional extremes and a delicious theoretical scheme and subtleties of performances for listeners who like to analyze . A LOVE SUPREME deserves to rank as one of the great jazz albums because it offers something for everyone.Garrison , Tyner and Jones all get to solo here -LRB- in the third part , `` Pursuance '' -RRB- but the endless gyrations of the saxophone are what really carry this album . Still , Jones ' use of a gong helps give A LOVE SUPREME a mystical atmosphere like nothing else in the quartet 's catalogue.If you dig A LOVE SUPREME , do n't be afraid to move further into the Coltrane catalogue . His next major suiteMeditationsshows him fully into free jazz , but it is n't as vast a leap as it 's often made out to be .
 In a time when jazz was becoming less popular , this four-part masterpiece recorded in 1964 , is John Coltrane 's attempt to give thanks to God . In doing so , and regardless of your religious beliefs , he delivers a performance in the company of McCoy Tyner -LRB- piano -RRB- , Jimmy Garrison -LRB- bass -RRB- and Elvin Jones -LRB- drums -RRB- that makes it clear what he meant when he said in 1966 he planned `` to become a saint '' in response to the question about his plans for the next decade . Sadly , he died of cancer not too long after that statement , but he left a legacy of work that - like this album - are testimony of what an inspired soul can let flow and give to others . Today , almost forty years after its original release , Coltrane 's memory is alive and kicking and his timeless work continues to inspire musicians of all genres across the world . In my journey of discovery of this beautiful jazz music , this album has turned out to be a true musical revelation and I want to share it with you too .
 This is the sound of a man lashing out to pierce the human experience and become one with `` a love supreme . '' Coltrane 's saxophone is the cosmic soul , wailing , praying , mourning , praising , encompassing the whole breadth of life and finally curling its notes around you , uplifting you for one moment to kiss the bliss of Oneness . Coltrane is Moses on Sinai , McCoy Tyner , Jimmy Garrison and Elvin Jones are the launchpad that Coltrane takes flight off of . This album is a religious experience . Fresher than the Bible , and just as holy . Yes , this is a good album .
 Those were the words of the record store owner as I brought the cover to the counter to purchase . I of course already knew this ; I may be a compulsive buyer when it come to CDs but I am also selective -LRB- otherwise I would probably have triple the amount of CDs I do ! -RRB- and I had heard the music on this album before.I had heard a year before I purchased it . At the time I was fairly new to the jazz world . I had listened to the work of Miles Davis on Kind of Blue and Birth of the Cool . This album is nothing like this . It is ironic that Miles who was an often short-tempered and jealous man would be able to play music with such beauty and eloquence . Coltrane was often referred to as an `` angry tenor '' for his often raw and bursting solos , yet he seems like someone who would be more the brooding kind.Over the year I have become a much deeper jazz fan and I understand a great deal about the history of the music . Having listened to the more free and wild sounding work of Miles ' Second Quintet at the famous Plugged Nickel in 1965 , I had grown more used to to strangeness that seemed present on `` A Love Supreme '' . This album is so emotional it is not funny . He plays from his soul . The music seems like noise to a person who has the audacity to play it as background music , but if you focus on Coltrane 's soloing , you 'll hear something close to pure beauty.Not for the faint hearted and the unadventurous , this is an album that is demanding but very rewarding . If you bring an open mind with you for a listening session , you 'll bring so much out with you . Although this was John 's prayer to God , he has left us with a divine gift that shows us that God 's is a love supreme .
 I held off buying this album , which runs about 40 minutes in length , in favor of longer albums by other artists so I could get `` more for my money . '' I could ` nt have been more wrong.This album is worth its weight in gold . Beautiful , uplifting , words can barely describe it . The rythmns and technical ability of Coltrane & Co. is ear-bending and mind-boggling . Sometimes simple rythmns and note combinations make for beautiful music , but Coltrane 's hymn is a complex woven tapestry that should please your senses and warm your heart . I love the insert as well -- Coltrane 's poetry matches the best of David 's Psalms . That 's a strong assertion , but one that I think many would back up .
 As so many informative notes have been written here about `` Love Supreme '' I will concentrate on one aspect only of Trane 's art
 I 'm sure whatever has been said about this album has already been said , but had to put in my $ .02 worth.This is one of the greatest jazz albums of all time , and Coltrane 's greatest work . Words alone ca n't describe how great this album is , and the chemistry between Coltrane and the other musicians is incredible from Elvin Jones ' fluid and ever-changing drumming to McCoy Tyner piano which fits in perfectly with Coltrane 's sax play.I never get tired of listening to this album , and it does n't matter what kind of music you normally like , everyone will enjoy listening to this masterpiece .
 DEEP ... MOODY ... AND SPIRITUAL . WHEN THEY BURY ME , I WANT PSALM TO BE PLAYING AND IF THE GOOD LORD IS WILLING , I HOPE THERE IS AN ACCOMPANING THUNDERSTORM . AFTERWARDS , THEY CAN ALL GO THROW ONE BACK IN MY HONOR AND TELL LIES ABOUT ME . THIS CD IS A CLASSIC .
 A perfect record . I think of this one in a similiar way that I think about Giant Steps . This is a summation of the work of one of the greatest working groups of all time - the Classic Quartet . By recording this , Trane allows himself to push even further in the future.This record also introduced , along with Albert Ayler , the spiritual element into the avant Garde . For the remainder of his career , Coltrane would be searching for truth while offering up himself to the spiritual world . Trane 's Followers -LRB- Alice Coltrane , Pharoah Sanders , Albert Ayler among others -RRB- would continue to utilize the `` New Thing '' as a spiritual journey.As for the music , The opening fanfare markes the beautiful `` acknowledgement '' which moves into great , definitive playing from the classic quartet . Side two begins with a wonderful solo by Garrison and moves into Trane 's `` Psalm . '' If you listen closely , you can follow the words Trane wrote to accompany this piece.Note
 I first heard this album when I was in college in the late 60 's and did NOT like it . Then , after hearing Michael Harper read his poem `` Dear John , Dear Coltrane '' almost 30 years later , I bought it on CD . My second `` first '' playing of the album was almost rapturous . I am not at all religious , but the music here is so deeply spiritual that it frequently moves me near to tears while simultaneously buoying my soul and my spirits . There is no funk too deep for this oddly sad yet utlimately joyous music to penetrate . I listen again and again as the so familiar music is strangely new each time . The chanting adds to the music for me , but that might have something to do with Michael Harper as well . I can not imagine not owning this transcendant classic . I do agree with an earlier reviewer that Trane 's `` My Favorite Things '' might well be a better place to start .
 richly textured and so full of feeling . Mr.coltrane had a tone that would reflect the world around him and though I was n't born i can feel what he was saying thru his horn . Just Like Miles , Dizzy , Monk , Bird , Ellington , Ella , Billie , and a few choicing more you knew that he belonged in that top class of not only Innovative Jazz artist but Music in general . he was Supreme .
 Unbelieveable ... Play this Lp in an enclosed room at full volume -LRB- as far as you can go -RRB- on a decent turntable set up with a tube amp . You will never experience music like this again . Coltrane repotedly wrote this album after seeing or having a vision of God and dedicated this lp to Him . Play the Lp 100 times and you will notice something different each and every time .
 How do I do this ? Where does a person considering himself a serious music guy and one who tries to write about his music start with Love Supreme.I keep thinking of Kubrick 's 2001 -- the monkeys gathered around the monolith
 This by far is the best sounding version of this record , from original vinyl to 16 bit CD , the sound on this sacd may likely be the closest you can get to the master tape sound at this time ... much more detail and depth ... and warmth . Highly recommended .
 These days John Coltrane is followed with an almost religious fervour , which is appropriate for someone who made quite possibly the greatest devotional music since the days of JS Bach . The secret of this is that the music never preaches at you but simply has Coltrane trying to musically describe his love for the almighty.The highlight of this album is obviously Coltranes ultra-expressive tenor sax playing which was once famously described as `` sheets of sound '' but the playing of the rest of the quartet is also exquisite , especially Elvin Jones ' incredible drumming . At a time when most music seems to be about bling and ho 's here is music that is both virtuosic and speaks to its listeners personally . If you have any interest in jazz or want to listen to truly brilliant music you have to have this .
 A LOVE SUPREME was for John Coltrane , both an intensely personal statement , and a gift to mankind . On the brink of ruination due to alcohol and drug abuse , Coltrane had a life altering epiphany in 1957 . On the liner notes to the album he writes : `` During the year 1957 , I experienced by the grace of God , a spiritual awakening which was to lead me to a richer , fuller , more productive life . At that time , in gratitude , I humbly asked to be given the means and privilege to make others happy through music . `` A LOVE SUPREME was recorded in 1964 after the death of his friend , Eric Dolphy , and the birth of his 1st son . These events must have inspired Coltrane to create his masterpiece . Outside of Bach 's B Minor Mass , I ca n't think of a greater work of pure spirituality in music . Whether or not you are into Jazz , you should listen to A LOVE SUPREME at least once in your life .
 I did not know it was possible to improve on this masterpiece but it has been done ! Everything about this edition is even more beautiful than the first . The extra CD with the different takes are as mind blowing as the original . I was n't as crazy over the live version as I was over the alternate takes of the other parts of the suite.What is there for me to explain about the music that has n't been explained ? Other than that this is the best spiritual experience I get from listening to music.The packaging is one of the most beautiful design jobs I have seen in a CD set . The booklet artwork is amazing , the mostly black and high contrast colors for everythig else like the CDs and inside covers are perfectly designed . The design is in perfect balance visually . Top it off with the beautiful plastic jacket sleeve , this was an awesome edition of the masterpiece .
 This deluxe edition of `` A Love supreme '' actually lives up to the `` deluxe '' tsg .2 discs , disc 1 is a remastered issue of the original redcording . the sonic quality is outstanding . clean sharp notes and one can lisdten to every nuance . disc2 is a live recording -LRB- at Antibes -RRB- of the entire suite . disc 2 also includes the sextet versins of Acknowledgement . Chances arethat most of the people this set is targeted at already own this material on CD and/or LP and may even have the 8CD coplete coltrane quartet box set wich includes this . In any case this 2cd set is worth purchasing for the live version and the improved audio on disc 1 .
 I have owned the Desert Island disc of A love Supreme for over two years , and loved it . But when I first heard about this deluxe set , I knew it would be mine . And how I love it . The remastering on the first disc is amazing , but the second disc is to die for . 48 minutes of live Supreme ! Jimmy Garrison takes one of the best bass solos you will ever hear -LRB- it actually reminded me of Jimmy Page ! -RRB- . The sextet takes of Aknowledgement are a must hear . Archie Shepp sounds great . If you have the money , this is the greatest thing to spend it on . Also , the new liner notes are great .
 I came to Love Supreme from the album recorded by John McLaughlin and Carlos Santana - Love Devotion Surrender - that paid tribute to a saxophonist that at the age of 16 or so I had n't heard of . Nearly three decades later , John Coltrane 's ` Love Supreme ' still speaks to me with an sensuality and spirituality that expresses both restlessness and peace . It 's not so much the technique but the creative fire - of a quartet inspired by Coltrane 's genius - that made this record so timeless and so wonderful . Surely one of the greatest pieces of music in jazz .
 Put this in the category of essential music . Kind of Blue seems to be the barometer of everyone 's measure of what great jazz is , so is this better than Kind Of Blue ? ... Well I do n't know , its really unfair to pit one up against the other , they are both brilliant in their own right . One thing I am certain is that this recording is intense , I do n't know that I 've heard a jazz recording with the sheer power I feel from this one . Has Coltrane ever soloed better than he does in Part 3-Pursuance ? He and McCoy Tyner work it up to a feverish intensity that leaves the listener in awe , I 'm not kidding it is that good , jaw dropping stuff . Ca n't comment enough on how good McCoy Tyner is on this disk either , he is amazing . And if that 's not enough Elvin Jones and Jimmy Garrison are clicking on all cylinders too . They are so good that it is just as interesting to take your ears off Coltrane and Tyner for a while and just listen to what the drums and bass are doing . Part 2-Resolution has to rank up there as one of the best tracks in all jazz , another track that builds up and takes the listener to new levels . This disk pretty much takes all of my concentration every time I listen to it , it takes over . My only complaint is that it is too short , but otherwise perfect , and it is a must have in any collection .
 I had know idea where the man was going , but i 'm glad he invited all of us for trip
 One of the important CD 's in jazz . The history of the jazz start from this kind of cd 's . Maste piece with a great souns also .
 A Love Supreme is John Coltrane 's declaration of faith in his maker . The album 's liner notes contain Mr. Coltrane 's words of praise and thanks to God and his playing seems to be under divine intervention . Mr. Coltrane just lets loose and the music flows out of him . The entire band is on and the album is a true listening experience .
 He makes the voice of unity audible
 This is a masterpiece of the 20th century and all music . John G must not know music . Elvin Jones accompaniment to the whole album is inevitable and great . McCoy Tyner produces overly complex solos which flow extremely well and to criticize either of them , or for the worst , John Coltrane is a mistake . Anyone that says that the whole groups playing is `` out of rhythm '' or `` lose the beat '' needs to get out there and learn about music !!! Even worse , to compare this to Kenny G is an insult . Kenny G did n't practic a millionth of the hours Coltrane did . Kenny G does n't or will never have a group like Coltrane had . Kenny G will just never be as good as Coltrane . However , to get off this topic , this album is great . Again , I will compliment on Elvin Jones and McCoy Tyner , they are truly great Jazz musicians.I ditto S. Bryson 's remarks and just want to reinforce his point to Johnny G about what music really is , and I 'd like to tell everyone that read 's this that this is one of the greatest if not the greatest jazz album ever .
 I mean it . Buy it and listen to it as much as possible . Play it while you drive , read , eat , whatever . This one has to be absorbed . It 's perfect for a light & mellow mood .
 if you 're looking for a great jazz albulm this is the album to get.GET A LOVE SUPREMEYOU WILL LOVE IT
 Emotional harmony reflected through symphony of sounds transcend one 's thought 's to the spirit of the composers graceful melody from the Erhu . Please let me know how to obtain a copy of `` Colorful Clouds Chasing the Moon . '' '
 The playing one this album is strong , subtle , with great tone and enough technique to make some of the hardest music sound effortless , A great buy for anyone who loves beautiful music played with style and grace .
 Linda McLean lives in Northern Ontario ; a rough-hewn Lucinda Williams , with taut songs full of fire and emotion not easily forgotten . Her debut -LRB- Betty 's Room -RRB- was distributed by Rounder Europe to critical success -LRB- it is not available in North America at the moment , maybe on Bongo Beat next year -RRB- . Now , with her new album , we 're proud to introduce this great Canadian roots artist to North America and beyond . Produced by roots veteran John Whynot -LRB- Bruce Cockburn , Blue Rodeo , etc -RRB- , No Language is an impressive showcase of strong songs and emotive singing . There has been a lot of love and attention paid to craft and feeling ; recorded deep in the Muskoka woods at Linda 's home studio -LRB- that lake she 's swimming in on the cover is her back yard -RRB- with the full panorama of nature for inspiration . `` Music is always with me ; even while I studied dance and theatre , I sang songs for friends , covers of the folk songs I 'd learned as a child mostly , Bob Dylan and Joan Baez . At school I was most interested in language , and studied English literature , drama and poetry . And while I was a professional actor and an acting teacher , I studied music , piano , voice , composition , ear training . Listening to classical music is what really opened my ears , especially J.S.Bach and Gustav Mahler . All of these experiences contribute to the songwriting I do now . '' `` I opened the doors to my songwriting and the first person I found behind them was my partner . Andy had given up writing songs years before , but when he started helping me with arrangements on a few of my songs , we both realized that the process was bringing out the best in both of us . We started working together ; the result is the songs on Betty 's Room and No Language . We keep each other digging deeper , raising the bar ... We each come in with ideas and the ideas grow as we experiment around chord changes and melodies . Most often I will go off with a melody we 've come to love and write the lyrics . Sometimes a lyrical hook will come right with the melody . I 've come to understand each song has its own nature . Some are ready and crystal clear , some songs are so quiet I have to listen really hard and long to hear them . I 've got to let myself be quiet to hear what the song wants to say . `` Linda McLean has been a well-kept secret with her fellow musicians and fans in the UK and Europe - now Canada and the rest of North America can experience a new voice on the roots scene , powerful , positive and inspirational.Previous CD , Betty 's Room , was released by Rounder in Europe to critical acclaim , this CD is on Bongo Beat worldwide . * Produced by John Whynot -LRB- Blue Rodeo , Blackie & The Rodeo Kings , Bruce Cockburn , Colin Linden , Sue Foley , Kathleen Edwards , Lucinda Williams , etc -RRB- * Co-written & guitars by Andy McLean -LRB- The Tenants , Double Dare , Intrepid Records , NXNE -RRB- * Musicians on the cd have played with Jann Arden , Sarah Harmer , Blackie & the Rodeo Kings , etc. . .
 Seriously though , this is a great Esham CD . Theres only four songs on here . Its good enough to distract you from how talented Twiztid/ICP are . Its just that good . `` Jawbone '' really grabs your attention . Thats where Twiztid got that lyric from `` The Only One '' where Monoxide said `` Mouth had some stretchlines '' . I like that this is a Real Life Product . The last song is really dark and creepy . Very Unholy for Esham . He makes reference to Boomin Words From Hell . Hell of a lot of Bass on here but he 's getting better . I highly recomend buying this if you ever come across this rare crackpot jem .
 This cd is pretty tite , although we 're talking about Esham , so it 's not a supprise that this cd is great . It 's like ICPs ' Tunnel Of Love in a sence ... if you could n't tell by the title . The music sounds great . As far as the quality of the sound goes , it sounds like Boomin ' Words From Hell . And Boomin ' sounds fine . You have to keep in mind that this cd came out over 10 years ago , so no , it does n't have as good as quality as todays music . But it still sounds great and it an absolute MUST HAVE so anyone who 's down !
 This collection of Danish songs is a perfect fit for the beautiful voice of Henriette Bonde-Hansen , one of Europe 's top sopranos . She brings a freshness and vitality to this music , which people of all nationalities will enjoy .
 If you do n't have Magnet 's first two albums `` The Tourniquet '' and `` On Your Side '' I suggest you buy these first . Do n't get me wrong , this is a great album , a must have for Magnet fans - but I feel the first two albums are more representative of Magnet 's music .
 If by `` simple '' used in the album 's title means less here , than once again , less is more with Evan 's Magnet . This guy , one of Norway 's music gems , is quite simply a musical genius . Evan 's voice is angelic , quite polished , and deeply soothing . What you 'll find here in Simple Life , just like Magnet 's other albums , is his brilliant mixing of indie folk , beats , rasta jams , horns and strings . It works , and it will hook you . Magnet does this mix , like no other , again here perfectly in Simple Life-just like we 've come to love and expect from him time and again . Get this album pronto , like any of his others , you wo n't be disappointed .
 The Dreamcast game Space Channel 5 is set to some of the funkiest , kitschest tunes ever made for a video game , and this CD soundtrack makes a fantastic album by itself . It 's almost worth buying the album for the retro 60 's space chic-style opening theme `` Mexican Flyer '' alone , but the album also features the music from all four stages , plus all the boss tunes , and the groovy lounge-muzak end theme . Thankfully these are not remixes , but the original productions exactly as heard in the game , sounding as fresh as ever . Obviously , some of the longer dance confrontations have been shortened , and you do n't get the frantic squeaking of Morolians , or Ulala 's voice shouting out directions -LRB- except on a couple of weird bonus tracks - and in Japanese ! -RRB- , but that 's hardly a gripe - this music is fab-yu-lous , as the lady herself would say . It has impressed friends of mine who have never heard of the game , and for Ulala fans -LRB- like me -RRB- it 's an essential CD to add to your collection
 My sister is in this band . They only have one cd and recently they split up . Too bad , because i thought the music had potential . This music is not for everyone . It is not alternative , and it is not really punk , but if you like one of these than you should try this album . For a new band from chicago it 's great , but its too bad they are no longer a band .
 Enjoyed the variety - most interesting are the cuts which experiment with rhythm and melody . Some good writing - liked the bass-work .
 damn ! this band was a hot machine from the late '90s of the near northside of chicago . jim herout is a very stong drummer , and very much willing to take a risk . as a stong musician , he 's the greatest unsigned drummer in north america . jim is psychadelic , brainy and fun . herout belongs with a tuff scene like american analog set . jim is a close friend of the neo-beat , paul brittain .
 pasted on are a beautiful portrait of the late '90s near-northside chicago scene . jim herout is the best undiscovered drummer that lives . power , psychadelic , forceful , never along for the ride . jim is a psychedelic drummer with the strength to blow through the weakest solo . jim now lives in northern california . jim is a dear friend of the neo-beat writer , paul brittain . `` away '' is a tour-de-force for the genius , prowess , and emotion of dan strack . dan is one of the best players chicago has to ofer . amy anderson is super on bass , and a leader of the current chicago faves , the pillowmints . mark hull , in some respects the brian wilson of the band , is not only a fearless performer , a talented artist , but vocalist as well ! the bottom line is this , these were four loving friends back in a happy late '90s chicago -LRB- wicker park -RRB- era , that was before you parked your s.u.v. there . diamonds are forever , and so is jim herout !
 This is a beautiful blend of traditional christmas music garnished with lovely irish flavours . Great CD to have in your car when cruising to the countrysides with your loved ones . Its different in a very good way from the nondescript monotonous christmas carols we 're used to . I love it ... and this coming from a man who does n't fancy x-mas carols very well makes it worth having and listening to .
 Singer-harpist Moya , also known as Maire , first came to prominence via Clannad , a group originally formed by four of her relatives . She later established a successful solo career , mainly as a Christian music singer . Although she is less well known than her younger sister Enya , who is famous for Orinoco flow , this mellow Christmas offering confirms that Moya is a fine singer in her own right.Moya contributed two excellent original songs here , but mainly contented herself with singing traditional songs . Not just any traditional songs , though , because Moya avoided most of the obvious choices . Silent night is included , but Moya chose to sing it in Gaelic . Among the other songs here , the most frequently recorded is probably Joy to the world . The two originals are I still believe -LRB- a song about missing somebody at Christmas -RRB- and Love came down at Christmas -LRB- a song about the birth of Jesus -RRB- . I was pleased to find great songs such as In the bleak midwinter , Carol of the bells , The Wexford carol , Deck the halls and In dulce jubilo all included . You 'll find them all on other Christmas albums , but perhaps not as often as you might expect . God rest ye merry gentlemen , another Christmas classic , is easier to find but is by no means over-recorded . If you are looking for a mellow Christmas album that avoids most of the really obvious songs while offering a reasonable degree of familiarity , this is definitely one to consider .
 Being a traditional person at Christmas I was a little wary to order , but I am so glad I did . My husband and I just loved the way Moya put her own style to long standing classic Christmas songs . It was very enjoyable and refreshing.Thanks Moya
 No offense , but to heck with Enya . Big sis Moya has , and always has had , the better voice and the more down-to-earth image . I have been a fan of Clannad for 20 years now , and can safely say that this is the only one of Moya 's solo projects that I absolutely love . This is coming from somebody who prefers their late 70s to late 80s work . That means fans of little sis , might just enjoy this collection of Yuletide tunes.Moya 's trademark vocals are here , but they are often quite dreamy sounding . Gentle , yet joyous , and with just enough Irish instrumentation not to turn off adult contemporary snobs -LRB- believe me , there is such a thing where I live -RRB- , it is a very nice collection of holiday tunes for a small gathering or family . Her vocals are gorgeous as usual , and her treatment is especially lovely on `` Deck the Halls , '' `` In the Bleak Midwinter , '' and `` In Dulci Jubilo . '' The only thing I have a slight problem with is her rendition of `` Carol of the Bells , '' which I find to be a watered down version of Manheim Steamroller 's . Still , this is a lovely collection I can not imagine anyone finding fault with unless they refuse to budge from the more hardcore celtic sound Clannad have been known for . You need this cd for your Christmas celebration if you like your holiday music on the cheerful , mellow side with a little something extra . It 's also great music in the car while you 're doing your yuletide shopping .
 I bought a few of these CDs for my Irish friends because I love Marie Bennen 's music . Although I have not listened to this particular one , I doubt I will be disappointed .
 I simply love Irish versions of the carols and the way she sings it is very ethereal ! Love it !
 I am listening to this CD every single day since i bought it . It is just wonderful . I bought two more to give to friends . Highly recommend this
 I bought this CD without even previewing it , as I 'm a Moya fan . Even still , I was blown away by the beauty of it , the simplicity of the vocal lines , and the intricate way in which the tunes are arranaged . This is not your ordinary ` holiday ' clone CD ; with one more boring recording of the same dozen or so overdone Christmas carols ! All of the tracks offer refreshing new ` advents ' into the wonder of the Winter Solstice Season . A haunting , blissful album !
 I love all this music by the Celtic Woman . I purchased this and one other Christmas cd . I also purchased the Celtic Woman cd . The most beautiful music .
 These ladies are so entertaining , whether you get to see them on TV or just listen to them on a CD !!! I will be lucky enough in May to get to see them in person ! This CD brings back many wonderful childhood Christmas memories .
 Excelent product ! I enjoy seasonal music . This CD was fresh and was enjoyed by all of my visiting family !
 Moya 's voice is different from the other Celtic Woman performers , but is still wonderful - sultry and beautiful ! She is a great addition to my collection ! I highly recommend this addition to your Celtic collection !
 My family listened to this CD repeatedly during the Christmas holidays because the Celtic style is in harmony with music we normally listen to . Moya Brennan 's voice richly communicates the sacred , deep nature of Christmas .
 This is a wonderful selection of music for the Christmas Season . It brings the true meaning of the season to life . If you are fan of the Celtic Women , you with really enjoy this CD .
 The music was slightly different than I expected - more Modern , I guess . I like it though and will listen to it .
 These `` folk '' Christmas songs are beautifully done , and very relaxing ! This is one of those Christmas CD 's I love to listen to over and over ! My personal favorite is the Bell Carol , but all these songs have a very unique quality to them .
 Moya Brennan 's Christmas release is beautiful , but to me it is not exceptional . It is one that has beautiful Christmas music , but it does not stand out from others , such as Celtic Woman 's Christmas tape , or the collection `` One Silent Night '' which features Brennan among others.There are still some great tracks , such as `` Carol Of The Bells '' , `` God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen '' , `` Joy To The World '' , `` What Child Is This ? '' and `` Oiche Chuin -LRB- Silent Night -RRB- '' . It is a mixture of the familiar and the not-as familiar traditional , and it focuses on the real Christmas as opposed to Santa Claus nonsense .
 I tend to order at the last minute ... . and Piper likes her food ... `` right now '' ... . thanks to your efforts and fast deliveries , she has not gone without . I can not find Kitty Kaviar locally and it is her favorite thing ... so that places you on her `` best friend '' list . Thanks again .
 `` An Irish Christmas '' is Moya 's 6th album and was released last year in the UK . This CD is a beautiful listening experience for Christmas in Moya 's signature sound . Many will know Moya as the first lady of Celtic music , the voice of Clannad and older sister to Enya . `` An Irish Christmas '' is a collection of Christmas carols celebrating Moya 's beliefs in the Nativity . The good thing about this CD is that there are two songs added that where not included on the UK release but the bad thing is Moya 's two original songs from the UK release where not included on this CD . My favorite song from this CD is `` Carol Of The Bells '' which is perfect for Moya 's haunting vocal style . Her song `` Oiche Chin '' Galic for `` Silent Night '' is sure to be a hit as her two children sing with her on it . This CD brought a touch of Ireland to my home last year with the UK release and I am sure will this year with this release .
 I was in Barnes and Noble when they were playing this and I was enchanted and bought a copy . One of my friends heard it and was likewise enchanted . By the time I was finished sharing it I had handed out 14 copies to friends , many of whom cited this as their favorite Christmas album this year ! Absolutely lovely voice and unique , so that it 's not just another version of the same songs sung by a different artist . You can tell that she is moved by what she sings and also that some of these songs are definitely being sung with the heart of a mother singing to her children and wanting them to feel warmth and magic of the Christmas season .
 `` An Irish Christmas '' is Moya 's sixth album . It is a beautiful Christmas experience presented in Moya 's signature sound . Many know Moya as the voice of Clannad and the older sister of Enya . She has been called the first lady of Celtic music . `` An Irish Christmas '' has a collection of Christmas carols that celebrate Moya 's beliefs in the Nativity . `` I Still Believe '' and `` Love Came Down '' are the two original songs on the album which Moya helped to write . `` Oiche Chin '' which is Gaelic for `` Silent Night '' is sure to be a hit as Moya 's two children , Aisling & Paul , join her in this song . My favorite song on the album is Moya 's version of `` Carol Of The Bells '' . This song is perfect for Moya 's haunting vocal style . It brought a touch of Ireland to my home for Christmas 2005 . It is a great album and I highly recommend it to everyone . Moya has six solo albums at this time which I highly recommend to you as well . `` Two Horizon 's '' is my personal favorite . She is also the lead singer for the Celtic group Clannad which is where Enya got her start .
 My order came in late , January , to be exact -- but I 'm still listening to Moya 's Christmas CD and loving it . Moya 's voice is one of the most incredible I 've ever heard . If I were to be asked for a suggestion for future CD 's , I 'd like to hear more in Gaelic .
 Wonderful , Wonderful - I love it - I 'm listening to it even now BEFORE Christmas season - it 's ethreal and heavenly .
 This is one of my favorite Christmas albums . The songs are hauntingly beautiful . Many traditional songs are given a different , subtle interpretations which is what I love about it . It is not just another churned out commercial album . The layered vocals and music contain a lot of depth and emotion . It 's one of my most played cds during the Christmas season .
 I wo n't play my review down one bit
 Beautiful CD . I received it for myself last year and when I needed a couple of gifts this year , I knew just what I wanted to give . Arrived in very good time and in excellent condition , good packaging . Moya Brennan is a treasure !
 I bought this CD as a Christmas present for my wife who is Irish ... she loves it ... so do I and I 'm not Irish .
 This album is not what I expected from Moya , based on the four other Moya albums I have . I expected something with a little more Irish/Celtic ambience . The inclusion of a Ukranian song -LRB- Carol of the Bells -RRB- was rather annoying in an `` Irish '' Christmas , though the song is pretty good in its own right . For what it is , a straightforward Christmas album with an Irish/Celtic tint , it is quite good .
 Tony O'Connor must be the most complete master of music to continue to produce such masterpieces .
 He takes one through changes in one 's life , from the beginnings to tomorrow 's journey .
 Q Ball 's first cd that is avaliable to the public , claims that he `` Ai n't Stoppin Nothin '' . Just listen to the cd for yourself . The title is so decieving . Q Ball stopped almost everthing when he released this cd . For a young , white , male out the tri-cities area in East Tennessee , Q Ball is definately the most talented around . From first track to last , Q Ball 's captivating flow and insane beats keeps the disc most interesting . A must buy ! Most definately a 5 star production . Keep up the excellent work Q Ball !!!
 True , DigiCube no longer manufactures this OST , and the best you 'll find is some pirated version from Son May or Ever Anime , but either way , get your hands on this soundtrack . It 's a brilliant piece of music elegantly composed by Ms. Shimomura , who is now known for her works on Kingdom Hearts.The first track , Primal Eyes , is crafted to fit the game to a Tee , but leave it alone and you have a beautiful techno song . The soundtrack progresses to invent new compositions that had n't been offered around 1998 , and still ca n't be offered as enthusiastically as Yoko Shimomura herself has . As I 've said ; pick it up . You wo n't be disappointed !
 Parasite Eves story and gameplay are one of the best that this gamer has ever seen . With an intelligent mix of science fiction and fact , the creators of the game wanted the player to become immersed in a world of survival horror . Gameplay is not the only thing that makes a game . The soundtrack which was composed by Yoko Shimoura -LRB- please forgive if the name was incorrectly spelled -RRB- is a true compliment to this masterpiece of a game . The songs are a well mannered mix of tech and opera which relax and awaken the listeners senses with strong beats accompanied by gentle singing and eerie pulses . It is hard really to describe just how well done the compelation that is the Parasite Eve soundtrack really is . It is simply a work of art that must be experienced first hand with an open mind and enough free time to truely appreciate it . I reccomend that every fan of good music add this collection in to their library as soon as possible . the price is nothing to be worried about , you wont be disappointed .
 Parasite Eve is an odd cross-over Playstation game that found as many admirers as critics . But most people agreed that the music was something special . If you can get hold of a copy of this CD , you will be glad you did . From the frantic , choppy techno-rock of the opening , to the delicate piano and orchestral themes of the quiet moments , this is an album of unique sounds , the like of which I have never heard on any other album . Among the best are the final boss encounter , listed here as `` U.B. '' , a sinister and ethereal beginning that rises to a pounding finish . Also recommended is `` Matrix '' , the music from the Chinatown section in the game , and the beautiful orchestral version of the main theme at the end . One let down is the use of a synthesised soprano voice singing in the scenes set at the opera , giving a distorted and almost comical warbling sound that lessens the tone considerably ! But at the end of CD2 , there are two bonus tracks which feature a real soprano singer performing the pieces , although this was never used in the game-why ?! That aside , this is an excellent album of music , and quite suitable to play at any time . It will be sure to provoke enquiries from any listener ! What a pity it has become so scarce - pick one up as soon as you can , it is worth the high price you may have to pay .
 Like a lot of gamers , I absolutely loved growing up when the 32/64-bit machines were at the height of the industry . So many games were born out the competition between Nintendo and Sony , yet as most know some competitions were fought and won long before the Nintendo 64 was even released . Stealing Squaresoft from Nintendo over issues like the cartridge vs. disc debate was a definite win for Sony , one the console rode all the way to the bank . Squaresoft games were and remain some of the most celebrated titles of all time , and I have to admit that Squaresoft logo became an unofficial seal of quality to me . Yet as time passes we start to see things as they are , perspective and insight crashing the party and throwing its two cents in the equation whether we like it or not.Such is the tale of Parasite Eve , the `` cinematic '' RPG . While we 'll obviously never see an end to long-time , jubilant fans leaping to the defense of a beloved title , I have to admit that , as a game , Parasite Eve has failed to age well . Such a view has more to do with the game 's gameplay than anything else , but this does n't mean one ca n't appreciate the myriad of other things the game accomplished and still manages to do well . That said , most games are not defined by a sole element , games come together when their individual components work with one another . Some parts may be stouter than others , and some parts may even be able to stand on their own . It 's this line of thinking that relates to perceived strength of the Parasite Eve Original Soundtrack , a soundtrack that continues to receive a significant amount of accolades thirteen years after its release.Starting up this two disc set , it really not hard to see why Parasite Eve 's score has maintained such a consistent following . Along with `` Chaosium Sword '' from Ninja Gaiden II
 Disc One -LRB- 52:40 -RRB- Introduction1 -RRB- Primal Eyes 2:212 -RRB- Waiting for Something Awakens 1:12 Resonance3 -RRB- Overture -LSB- from opera `` La mia verita '' -RSB- 2:164 -RRB- Se il mio amore sta vincino -LSB- Vocalize -RSB- 2:065 -RRB- Memory I 0:356 -RRB- Gloom and Doom 2:417 -RRB- Theme of Mitochondria 1:398 -RRB- Sotto Voce 2:079 -RRB- Arise within You 2:0510 -RRB- Main Theme -LSB- Piano Solo Version -RSB- 2:0711 -RRB- The Surface of the Water 2:0212 -RRB- Memorize of `` Aya and Eve '' 1:37 Fusion13 -RRB- Out of Phase 4:0214 -RRB- Urban Noise 1:5215 -RRB- Mystery Notes 1:0116 -RRB- Influence of Deep 3:0317 -RRB- Phrase of Aya 1:14 Selection18 -RRB- Phrase of Mitochondria 0:4219 -RRB- Theme of Aya 1:3420 -RRB- Under the Progress 3:0721 -RRB- Plosive Attack 2:19 Conception22 -RRB- Missing Perspective 3:4023 -RRB- Memory II 1:0924 -RRB- Force Trail 1:4225 -RRB- Phrase of Eve 3:0726 -RRB- Memory III 1:14 Disc Two -LRB- 54:17 -RRB- Liberation1 -RRB- Matrix 2:442 -RRB- The Omission of the World 2:323 -RRB- Wheel of Fortune 3:314 -RRB- Kyrie 2:435 -RRB- Across the View 1:516 -RRB- Femmes Fatales 4:42 Evolution7 -RRB- A Piece of Remain 1:208 -RRB- Musica Mundana 2:139 -RRB- U.B. 4:5210 -RRB- Escape from U.B. 0:5411 -RRB- Main Theme 1:49 Symbiosis12 -RRB- Theme of Aya -LSB- Reprise -RSB- 1:1413 -RRB- I Hear a Voice Asking Me to Awaken 1:5414 -RRB- Somnia Memorias 5:58 And Other Days15 -RRB- Consensus 1:5616 -RRB- Someone calls me ... Someone looks for me ... 1:4617 -RRB- Main Theme -LSB- Orchestral Version -RSB- 7:53 Bonus Track18 -RRB- Influence of Deep - CM Version - 2:4319 -RRB- Se il mio amore sta vincino - CM Version - 2:05
 For those who are fans Tommy Shaw of Styx and Damn Yankees , you know what a great songwriter Tommy is when he has a creative counterpart to bounce his musical ideas off of -- Such as the guys in Styx and Damn Yankees . Before Damn Yankees , Tommy met a very talented producer by the name of Terry Thomas . Tommy was in desperate need of a fresh start in his solo career after his second album failed . He got a new manager and his manager teamed him up with Terry . The result was `` Ambition '' a very well-written and produced `` AOR '' rock album in 1987 . There are very few dull moments on this disc . `` Somewhere In the Night '' is worth the price of the whole CD alone . Very powerful stuff . Terry took Tommy in a very different songwriting direction and the result was a dark , atmospheric and emotional record that somehow manages to retain the `` soul '' of Tommy Shaw 's style . All the sudden , he 's singing in odd minor keys and in higher registers at Terry 's urging . Arguably , it marks the beginning of a creative journey that will take him to Damn Yankees , to Shaw-Blades , back to Styx and back to Shaw-Blades again , with several songwriting credits on the side for other artists along the way . Wow . Most people do n't realize the impact that this supposed `` failure '' had on his career . Commercially the album was a failure -LRB- thanks for nothing Atlantic Records -RRB- despite it 's album rock-friendly production values and solid musical performances . But it is a great record that deservedly has been reissued . On a side note , this was a big break for Terry Thomas as well , who went on to produce some fine album-rock records for Bad Company and Giant in the late 80 's .
 If you only own one Tommy Shaw CD , this should be it . The title track , `` Somewhere in the Night , '' and `` No Such Thing '' are the standout songs here , though they are all good . After leaving Styx in 1983 and before joining Damn Yankees in 1990 , this 1987 solo effort -LRB- his 4th in as many years -RRB- finds Shaw in top songwriting form . CDs were n't really mainstream yet in 1987 and this title was never reissued -LRB- until now , 20 years later -RRB- so original issue CD copies of this are VERY rare . I have one , though I wo n't tell you how much I paid for it . Buy `` Ambition '' now ! It 's a piece of Rock history and Tommy Shaw 's best solo album .
 I 've always been a Tommy Shaw/Styx fan , and I actually bought the original issue of this CD from a bargain bin for $ 1.99 . I also saw the supporting tour as an opening act for Rush . This album rocks from start to finish . Great vocals , guitar , and songwriting . Highlights are Somewhere in the Night , Dangerous Game , and The Outsider . If you like Tommy Shaw , buy this album . It was out of print for years and is well worth the price .
 Tommy Shaw 's third solo album , 1987 's `` Ambition '' , not only rose far above any of his other efforts , it was genuinely one of the best rock albums of the 1980 's . It is loaded with excellent lead & rhythm guitar , subtle keyboards and great melodic songs delivered by an artist who was at his peak , vocally . I had liked Tommy 's 1984 solo debut album `` Girls With Guns '' very well . 1985 's `` What If '' not nearly so much although it did have 3 or 4 songs that made it worth owning . But `` Ambition '' caught me by surprise . My favorite songs are `` Dangerous Game '' `` Somewhere In The Night '' -LRB- both of which had very strong radio potential -RRB- `` Weight Of The World '' & `` Outsider '' . The ballad , Survivor 's `` Ever Since The World Began '' was also very good although it seemed to fade too early and would have sounded better with an extended guitar solo and slower fade . Atlantic Records made no attempt to promote the album and it 's a huge shame . Even today , the `` Ambition '' sounds very fresh and not dated like most other output of the mid-late 80 's . This was Tommy at his best !
 this is probably the best tommy shaw album ever ... you will love every song and if you dont you are stupid
 It 's moody , a little dark , like for driving down the highway at night ... But that 's why I loved it in the 1980 's ! I just was never able to find the CD ! To me , it is the most well-done , well-produced album by Tommy Shaw , as I have heard most of his others to date ... Still , yes , it has a certain heavy keyboard-80 's sound , but it is more ` serious ' than his other efforts in my humble opinion ... So , dark , but GREAT guitar , it should have really been the concept for another Styx album , instead of the more light-wieght stuff they all have done ...
 What can I say ? I 'm just a Tommy Shaw Fan . This album matches -LRB- in my mind -RRB- Tommy 's first release .
 This is my favorite of all the Tommy Shaw solo albums . I remember looking for this in 1988 , the year after it came out , and it was already in the bargain bin . I scooped it up then and was glad I did , as it disappeared for good soon after that . I 'm glad to see it 's available now for others to buy and enjoy.This is an awesome , vintage 1980s melodic pop/rock album . To me , every single track shines . For sure `` No Such Thing '' is a great rocker to open the album , as is the title track at track 4 . `` Dangerous Game '' has a soaring , anthemic melodic quality to it that ca n't be beat . `` Ever Since The World Began '' is a remake of the Survivor song that appears on the `` Eye Of the Tiger '' album , and it is as hearfelt and brilliant a performance as the original . `` Somewhere in the Night '' is another soaring melodic anthem in the second half of the album , and `` Lay Them Down '' as the closing track is also beautifully thick with melodies.If you are a fan of '80s melodic pop/rock , you owe it to yourself to pick up this underrated gem of an album . Back when this came out , I was buying a lot of popular albums with singles that got a lot of airplay , as that was the music that defined my youth . That being said , I 'm glad I did n't let this one slip by me despite its lack of high charting singles . Note that this was the last Tommy solo album before the brilliant supergroup Damn Yankees was formed . It 's certainly not as heavy throughout as the DY material is , but melodically it was surely a sign of things to come .
 Are you ready for some balls to the wall rock and roll ? If you answered yes , then you must buy this album.Tommy Shaw 's third solo album was quite a departure from his previous A&M ; releases -LRB- of which WHAT IF is my all time favorite album . -RRB- AMBITION is just that , raw energy , intensity and direction . Terry Thomas may have over-produced the end result , but could hardly be criticized for such a fantastic piece of rock and roll.SOMEWHERE IN THE NIGHT and ARE YOU READY FOR ME are two of my favorite Shaw-penned anthems while the incredibly soulful EVER SINCE THE WORLD BEGAN exemplifies everything that is amazing about music . -LRB- Note
 Wheater you like a melodic rock or AOR , this 3rd release from '' the master '' Tommy Shaw seem a flawless victory for all ... this release is very full of masterpiece handycraft of this briliant artist , full of melodic passage and a glorious rythem in other hand ... A very `` must buy album '' for everyone who loved rock or AOR Genre ...
 Finally re-released - Shaw 's 3rd album is by all accounts his best . The perfectly produced guitar/keyboard mix was ideal in 1987 and still sounds great in 2007 , and Damn Yankees was a natural transition from this title . You wo n't be disappointed ... Awesome price when before rereleased , Ebay had this title up to $ 75 .
 Tommy Shaw stepped up his game for this AOR gem . Like they say , the third time is the charm & it was true . Coming off of `` Girls With Guns '' & `` What If '' , `` Ambition '' put him in a new league . This cd was produced by Terry Thomas -LRB- Giant , Charlie , Foreigner -RRB- and he brought out the best in Shaw . This was the time when Atlantic signed Lou Gramm , Johnny Van Zant & Shadow King but for some reason this cd slipped into the cracks & went away as fast as it was released . But thankfully someone realized how good it is & making it available without the steep price tag . If you like , Journey , Starship , Foreigner , Lou Gramm or Johnny Van Zant this cd is for you .
 I 'm surprised how little attention this CD received . I have been a big fan of Styx and Tommy Shaw for quite some time , and I think the some of his best music is on this CD . I 'm not especially knowledgeable about the production aspect of CD 's but this one seemed to flow from beginning to end , with the gem being Somewhere in the Night . Even now , after years of listening to that song , it 's still one of my favorites , and although I 've never figured out if it 's a happy or sad ending it 's full of emotion . I might have left Ever Since the World Began off it , but No Such Thing , Ambition , Are you Ready for Me , and Dangerous Game are solid , and Lay Them Down , Outsider , Weight of the World , and Love You Too Much round out the rest of the CD to make it a pretty enjoyable mix of music . Definitely a keeper .
 Fantastic album and not dated at all here in 2012 . Better than any Styx album . getting harder to find on CD so get it !
 I grew up a big Styx fan and followed them through the years . I bought this on cassette way back in 1987 and a few years later I found the original Atlantic CD in some dscount bin -LRB- what a find ! -RRB- . I think this is the BEST Shaw solo effort -LRB- `` What If '' comes in very close though -RRB- . The songs have a very rich texture and are very well produced . Songs like Outsider and Lay them Down are very well done . No Such thing , the only single and video is a great rocker . I was amazed the album totally bombed in 1987 and even more shocked when a few years later Tommy Shaw become a household name when he scored the No. 3 hit with Damn yankees , it was Atlantics time then to re-release this album and market it , they seriously dropped the ball or prob didnt even remember they signed him to a one time record deal.This remains a lost treasure . The songs are great , there isnt a crappy song on this album . a solid 5 stars .
 I really like this CD I have to say though I 'm glad that he 's back with Styx . But anyway back to this album my favorite songs are 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10 .
 This CD is a must have for any Tommy Shaw fan ! Do n't think twice about buying it . JUST DO IT !!! You 'll thank me !
 Awesome solo cd !! Tommy Shaw is so talented !! If you 've not listened to his music , now isthe time !! Start collecting today !! MUST HAVE - BUY IT NOW ! ENJOY
 A great compilation of songs that range from a remake of `` Walking On Sunshine '' to a very cute `` Pop Goes The Weasel '' version . Each song is unique , well-sung , fun and creative . Enjoyable to still listen to even when your 2 year old asks for it a million times a day ! The voices of the singers are far from annoyingly too-cute voices of some generic children 's CD 's we 've had before . Highly recommended !
 It 's hard to believe this CD was done with only a violin , viola da gama and harpsichord . This is polyphonic music at its finest . It does tribute to Buxtehude , who preceded Bach . The ensemble is perfect - the instruments complement each other . When they go from slow to fast , it is remarkable to hear the contrast . These are expert musicians with a complete mastery of their instruments . They use loud-soft as easily as any masters of the Baroque . The result is joyous , lively and entertaining .
 This is an incredible CD . I had to have it after getting Volume One as a present , and it 's one of my Top Ten CDs . The quality of the recording is impeccable , and the musicians do an incredible job bringing this underrated composer 's music to life . Everyone who loves Baroque music should own this CD . Every classical music station ought to have a copy of it . If I could give this CD six stars , I would !!!
 Full band approach to very personal songs with a variety of moods and sounds.Tracks are : Strong Enough for YouMy Independence DayDo n't Talk About ItIt Must Be a HolidayWait a MinuteI Asked My Father for a RideSpeaking in RhymesSummerI 've Got Your Number
 If your a KMFDM fan then this DVD is for you . The quality is leaps and bounds better than their last DVD `` Sturm & Drang Tour 2002 '' . It highlights the WWIII tour from different venues and does not get boring for a minute . Cut-scenes and other features enhance the great production value . Its only in 2.0 but the sound is still great and way better quality-wise than the last DVD.It sounds great , it looks great and its got a lot of extra features , interviews , fan signings -LRB- and just hanging out -RRB- , gags , photos , fan photos with credits and more . I know I sound like a salesman but this DVD exceeded my expectations . Its very well done and worth it especially if your a fan .
 What is WWIII Tour 2003 in comparison to Sturm Und Drang Tour 2002 ? Imagine a bullet versus a nuclear warhead . Exactly the answer . WWIII Tour DVD is an awesome selection of live performances including some golden oldies such as `` Light '' , `` Juke-Joint Jezebel '' and `` A Drug Against War '' which have been `` rocked up '' to sound like they would actually fit onto the album wwiii.The Camera work is so much better than Sturm Und Drang , using special effects etc , it actually looks proffessional , including DVD menus and stuff , it 's all great and new-looking . The Bonus footage is great . There is a lot more than Sturm Und Drang including some funny sections like `` WWIII Concert Intro -LRB- making of -RRB- '' and `` Whale Watching with KMFDM '' . You get an in-depth look and feeling of what the whole band is like if you did n't know before.Raymond is very funny and hogs the camera a lot , Lucia is in this DVD more than Sturm Und Drang as is everyone else . Even the Crew get their own little sections . The DVD captures the life and essence of the tour and KMFDM , it 's humorous and adrenaline pumping.If you love KMFDM , this is a MUST ! It is in NTSC format , but it worked in my PAL region PS2 , which amazed me , and Sturm Und Drang did too ! KMFDM are a band that write some awesome music and love to have fun , all is told in KMFDM WWIII TOUR 2003 ! Do n't hesistate , do n't think , buy it now !!!!!!! Support your favorites and rip the system , KMFDM !
 I was sorely disappointed when I missed out on seeing one of my personal favorite bands last year . There was n't any big ads in any of the local papers that advertised the band 's gig which is how I missed the show . So I decided I would make up for that by buying their new dvd `` WWIII Tour 2003 '' . I 'm glad that I did . The dvd consists of performances from the band but even better behind the scenes of the band and how they interact with each other . I always wanted to know what KMFDM is like when they are n't on stage . The behind the scenes that is interlaced between the performance scenes gives the viewer a glimpse into the touring life of KMFDM . I do n't have the other two KMFDM dvds so I ca n't really compare this with them . I enjoyed watching the live performances . They were a great reminder to the killer performance I saw of them on their 2002 tour `` Sturm & Drang tour '' . Contrary to some of the band 's lyrics , the band has quite a wicked sense of humor especially when they decided to draw on a sleeping roadie 's face . I also loved the scene where the band goes to -LRB- yet another -RRB- truckstop . I loved seeing Raymond Watts looking at the boots . The brief interviews with each of the band members was interesting . It 's nice to know how each member fits into the band . Most of the songs the bands plays on tour is from their recent album `` WWIII '' but they do play a couple oldies but goodies like `` Light '' and `` Juke Joint Jezebel '' -LRB- the song that introduced me to KMFDM several years ago -RRB- . All in all , this is a worthy dvd to get for KMFDM fans . It is a good balance between music and behind the scene footage .
 KMFDM have always had a great balance between tongue-in-cheek humor and political seriousness , addressing current events while at the same time making fun of everything from The President of the U.S. to their own selves . `` WWIII '' is my favorite album of theirs yet , knocking `` NIHIL '' out of my top spot . Having seen them live on the `` WWIII '' tour , I was excited to see this DVD . It was truly one of the best shows of my life , and to relive it on this DVD has given me a great feeling that I am playing a part in the growth and music of one of my favorite bands . This DVD has quite a lot of material considering their last DVD release was only a year ago . Who would 've thought that so much could be amassed in only a year to keep the DVD new , different , and interesting and not a rehash ? Sure we have the obligatory concert and backstage footage , as well as a few videos -LRB- which includes the amazing `` SKURK '' video -RRB- , but there 's so much more here ... photo galleries , interviews , some snippets of the recording of `` WWIII '' in the studio , the band hanging out and going whale-watching . If you saw `` Sturm & Drang Tour 2002 , '' then you 've met a few friends from the KMFDM crew , and they are given their just amount of attention on this DVD as well , really giving the sense of the band as a family of good friends . Watching this DVD , you are treated to great music , good humor , and some insight into the band and the way they work . `` WWIII '' is an awesome DVD ! Hail to KMFDM , constantly ripping the system !!! If you love KMFDM , you will love this DVD !!!
 If you a huge KMFDM , this DVD will likely have you keeping this disc in your player for weeks to come . If you 're a casual fan -LRB- like myself -RRB- , you should get plenty from ` WWIII-Tour 2003 ' . Aside from the stellar live performances of tunes like the title track `` WWIII '' , `` From Here On Out '' , `` Brute '' , `` Revenge '' , the in-your-face `` Bullets , Bombs & Bigotry '' and `` Juke Joint Jezebel '' , you the viewer gets SO many extras here such as fan photos , current store merchandise available , promotional videos , journals , song lyrics + more . DVD line-up
 This is a great dvd if your a longtime fan or if you are just starting out . I definantly need to see them in concert after watching this dvd . The show is really good even though it is mostly songs from ww3 . In between songs it shows the band behind the scenes . That is actually my favorite part of the dvd . When I started listening to KMFDM I thought they were all German . Right now Sascha is the only German left , Lucia is an american and the rest are british . That is good because I love british humour . Raymond Watts is especially hilarious . Theres the spoon incident where sascha has a drunken outburst . That sets off a series of drunken chaos culminating in a violent assault on a plastic spoon . Than theres the Disney land bus search . Watts is extremally aggravated over the security ruining his sleep , which seems to torment him deeply.The band seems to get along like a huge family . Even the road crew each get there own section on the dvd . You have to get this dvd . I cant wait to check out there other dvd .
 KMFDM was formed by a quartet of Germans in Paris circa 1984 . They became famous for their one word album titles and hand drawn covers . They growled in German over industrial beats , and made sexy dangerous politically mindful music ! 2004 marks the band?s 20 year anniversary , and Sanctuary records has prepared both a DVD and a CD of their limited US tour in support of WWIII . The DVD compiles footage from a variety of shows , rehearsals , and tour bus antics to make a 2 hour presentation of KMFDM live . The band itself was always a loose collective of industrial artists with Sascha K being the sole original member left 20 years later . This tour and DVD?s line up features Sascha sporting a blonde Mohawk , Lucia Cifarelli providing girl power from Seattle , Jules Hodgson , Andy Selway , Raymond Watts , and Steve White . They sound great live , and if industrial Goth is your bag you?ll eat this disc up ! You may know them from their biggest hit ? Juke Joint Jezebel ? which was featured in the movie MORTAL KOMBAT!You get 13 live performances of the following songs
 Better than 2002 tour - BUT GUYS NEED AN UP TO DATE WITH CURRENT VERSIONS OF YOUR MUSIC - like a 2012 dvd ... PLEASE ! Love them !!
 I love the dvd even if it does not have ultra in it . the dvd is great . the spoon thing is a laugh . you get more than music on the dvd you get a few laughs . if you are a kmfdm fan get this .
 Great great great live action . I 'm never big on band DVD 's but this one is spectacular . By the way , Lucia Caferrelli is bangin .
 another reason to dip into the deep abyss that is the 70 's roots/dj sound . the horns from the opening track ` weather balloon ' will burn right through that wax buildup in yor ears and go straight to your feet . production is very clean and runs besides junjo 's finest . has aged very well .
 Another great one from ' 78 . Another great release from the Abyssinians . Their music is very spiritual . It just makes you feel good . Good melodies and deep lyrics . If you liked Satta Massagana then you will not be disappointed with this one .
 This album has an incredible sound . Any fan is guaranteed to listen to it many times after purchase . I particularly enjoy track 6,8 , and 9 .
 Of all the albums we bought in the 70s this is one of my favorites ! When I get in the mood for reggae I usually start here with ` Let my days be long ' -LRB- or ` Revolution ' on Marley 's ` Natty Dread ' -RRB- . It is ` religious ' , as others have mentioned , but that should n't be a problem if you appreciate different styles -LRB- ? -RRB- of reggae . Did I forget to mention ` Super Ape ' or Augustus Pablo ? Man .
 I first encountered Aja West on that wonderful disc , Flash and Snowball , with pal Cheeba . Since then he 's been busy with his various Mackrosoft projects -LRB- Straight out of ROMpton , Life Imitates Clouds , 1st Mack to the Moon , and Journey to Vaginus -RRB- , none of which I 've heard , but if this is any indication of their vibe , I 'll be wanting to acquire all of them without delay.Look.I do n't care if this music is `` homemade , '' `` flying under the jazz radar , '' or whatever demeaning label can be put to it
 The Gluck revival continues to gain in strength with this striking new recording of his tragic opera `` Alceste '' from John Eliot Gardiner . Gluck wrote the original , Italian version of `` Alceste '' in 1767 after his first and most famous reform opera , `` Orfeo ed Euridice '' . He later revised it in a version for the French stage in 1776 . The result - the score recorded here - is a distinct improvement all round . Gluck cut much of the repetition that made the original version so static -LRB- it was accused of being like ` a funeral in three acts ' -RRB- and generally sharpened up the musical drama . Yet `` Alceste '' , even in this superior version , has never achieved the popularity of `` Orfeo '' , despite the fact it was allegedly the favourite opera of Berlioz , Gluck 's greatest admirer . As Gardiner says in the booklet
 Thus spake Shaw , writing about Gluck towards the end of the 19th century . Shaw went on to allege that the musical culture of his time had not fully caught up with this great master and reformer of opera , and the very thoughtful and instructive essay that Gardiner contributes here suggests to me that there may still , in the third millennium , be a little catching up to do . Whatever one thinks of Gluck , either as a composer or as a musical dramatist or as an operatic rationalist and reformer , it seems to me that he was very clear-headed in one basic respect - he knew the difference between musical drama and musical tableau . Classical drama has an inherent tendency towards tableau , with its statues , white-robed women , prophets , deities and heroes . This still tempts producers of Gluck 's operas into statuesque stagings with a certain immobility about them . I do n't necessarily find fault with this , what I do suggest is that Gluck 's operas ca n't all be viewed in the same way . Even when the libretto is , like that of Armide , an uneasy combination of the dramatic with the statuesque , Gluck is always clear in his mind which mode he is operating in . When it comes to Alceste , the book of the opera is clearly dramatic all the way through . Gluck can see this , and Gardiner 's remarks as well as his direction suggest to me that he sees it this way too.This basic view underlies the way I hear this performance . Gardiner 's approach seems to me thoroughly considered and consistent , and one of the things that I like best about it is that I seem to be listening to not just Gluck the composer but Gluck the reformer . There is a great sense of dramatic pace about it all . Speeds are never allowed to drag , but the sense of pace is not a sense of rush either . It is more a sense of continuity , with no long silences between the numbers but overture leading to recitative leading to chorus leading to aria with a fluency that Wagner himself might have admired . Inevitably , there is a price to be paid for this , and how each of us responds to this approach will depend , I 'd say , on whether we think the price worth it . The price is that the big set pieces -LRB- for which read arias to all intents here -RRB- are less highlighted than in other types of production . No doubt Jessye Norman and Nicolai Gedda ` make more ' of their big solos , and that is partly because they are given more of the ` tableau ' treatment . Whether one can have it both ways I would not like to try to say . What I will say is that I know Anne Sofie von Otter from her fine and spirited recitals of Schumann , Grieg and Chaminade . She is a powerful singer and a powerful personality , and if she does n't attempt to be particularly dominant in this instance that makes perfect sense to me considering the role she is given to sing , which is not Clytemnestra or Medea but the devoted and submissive Alcestis . Furthermore , arias are not even particularly frequent in this opera until the third act , where they fit naturally into place as Alcestis and Admetus confront each other at the gates of Hades . In the earlier acts too many arias would have interrupted the dramatic flow , and I hear the way von Otter interprets her role as being part and parcel of Gardiner 's overall concept.Whether or not this is the way one likes it , it would be hard to accuse this production of inconsistency . Paul Groves is a lightish tenor rather than a Heldentenor , and that , I suppose , is likely another reason for the way von Otter goes about her contribution . One would know he was not French , but he handles that aspect of the matter not badly . In general the singing is extremely distinct and professional , and this is particularly important in the case of the chorus , whose part is easily as big as that of either of the principals . There are some very effective ` whispers ' from the chorus of citizens at one point , and the divinities of the Styx are as effective as Gluck allows them to be . I certainly feel he should have made more effort here - to argue , as apparently he did , that nobody knows what the gods of the underworld sound like is just flannel
 The second reviewer basically has said it all . -LRB- I reviewed the DVD a couple of years ago - and am still in love with this performance - great to have in on CD now too -RRB- I must disagree with the first reviewer . I think that Gardiner 's understanding of the earlier French Baroque music and of late 18th century music in general has enabled him to be the real force that brings this music to life . The playing is extremely expressive without going into the world of 19th century Romanticism . Annie Soffie Von Otter could not be more perfect in the part of Alceste !
 Alceste is a 2002 Universal Music International recording starring Anne Sophie Von Otter in the role as Alceste . John Eliot Gardiner leads the English Baroque Soloist . We also have the immense pleasure to listen to the Monteverdi Choir . Gardiner has himself written the music notes . Patricia Howard has also contributed with music notes . The lyrics are available in French , German and English . The booklet contains 148 pages . Anne Sophie Von Otter is truly outstanding . Truly a tremendous recording . Highly recommended indeed . 5/5 .
 This soundtrack is soooooo cool ! It has every song from the game ! The only downside is they run through every song once . Other than that it 's an awsome soundtrack ! BUY IT NOW !! ^ ^
 This is a great cd if you loved the music in the game . It seems to cover songs from the begining of the game to the very end . It has ocarina songs , main themes , store songs and more . I 've had the cd a week and I love it . Overall this is a great cd and I recomend this if you love the music in the game .
 If you are a fan of the game , then you 'll enjoy this cd . I was amazed to find that even some of the sound effects were included on this cd . This version is particularly nice because the tracks are listed in english and has cool pictures . With over 80 tracks this is a good value and worth getting . The only shame is that you can only get this as a import !
 I recently bought this and Wow ! I have not played the game in a while , and this CD made me want to play it again . I especally liked `` Inside Ganon 's Castle , '' which is Ganon 's theme played on a pipe organ . Any Zelda fan should get this . It 's basiclly a great reversion of all the NES ans SNES Zelda games ' music . It 's the best one out of the N64 soundtracks .
 JUST BUY IT !!!!!!! and get a master sword too . there both found here on amazon !
 this cd is great . if you are a zelda fan you need this cd . i got it when i was recently in japan . its great music just the same as the games music .
 its not what i expected , if you are looking for the full version of the song this is not for you . theses are just most or not very much of the songs thats why there 84 songs . but its still zelda , and has great songs on it
 This captures the heart of the great game
 If you love the Zelda series -LRB- especially OoT -RRB- buy this .
 This is the best pice of work Koji Kondo has ever done . It has the game plus the music . I love it
 Oh Yeah , this is it . The Legend of Zelda Original Soundtrack . Chalk full of all the classic songs , Like Zelda 's Lullaby , Serende of Water , Potion shop . It has all those songs and more . It even has the sound effects for whenever you open a chest . For all Zelda fans or even those that like music this CD is definately a must have for any collection .
 This is by far , the best soundtrack I have ever heard . Compared to other soundtracks , it does fairly well too . The songs are all a little short , but the fact that the CD has every song in the game makes up for that fault . Beautiful artwork in the ledger notes . This is a great soundtrack . If you are a Zelda fan , and you do n't own this , you need to get it soon .
 I bought the CD awhile ago and today I saw something about a Zelda Speed Run . Then I remembered `` Oh man I have a music CD of the game . I love the music :D '' So I found the disc . Anyway , I 'd just like to say that this soundtrack is awesome . Though there are a few songs that are but 5 seconds long , the other things are what makes you happy you bought it.I know I did n't have much to say but the CD is just so great . If you liked the music in the game , I 'd recommend this to you .
 I love this soundtrack . If they could have made it longer it would be perfect But all Zelda fans must have it .
 To make a great game -LRB- like zelda Oot -RRB- you have to have the right music . Well in this awsome cd there is all the songs you love from zelda Oot . I highly suggest buying this if u are a fan of ocarina of time . Every time I listen to this excellent cd it brings back the enjoyment I felt playing when playing the game . So if you find that you miss Oot this cd is for you !!!!!!!!!!!
 This Soundtrack is great ! If you like Zelda you should totally buy it ! It has every piece of music from the game !
 This CD is a complete compilation of all the songs from TLOZ
 This Cd contains every track you hear in the video game . If you liked the game , you 'll love this cd , just to hear it is like playing the game all over again . A MUST HAVE FOR ZELDA FANS .
 I realy like this cd . It helps me go to sleep at night . when I listen to it I thought I was playing the game .
 This is THE soundtrack to buy . Do n't go for the English version . Who needs English anyway ? I am taken aback each time I listen to this soundtrack . It is so great . The sound is crystal clear . With every song , I am taken back to Hyrule itself . Over 80 tracks , this soundtrack leaves nothing behind . Did I mention the sound ? I 'd love to review more , but this soundtrack has made me want to play the game again .
 Even though I do n't have it , WOW 82 tracks , it has every single one i know and like.From Zelda 's theme to Final Battle !
 I HAVE NEVER SEEN THIS IN STORES , BUT I HAVE IT AND IT IS THE WONDERFUL MUSIC FOR THE GAME WHICH BRINGS BACK MEMORIES ...
 WOW ! I realy have n't listened to the cd but i play the game all the time so I 've heard about all the songs ... and i love them !! From jolly songs like the Gorgons theme to spooky songs like the Forest temple , there all here . Every single one of those 82 songs , even like the game-hut songs ! Well so far i want this CD realy bad so i 'll see if i get . . you get it too , unless you do n't like it well then ...
 I dont really have the CD but have most of the songs in my pc ... It is so beautiful , so amazing , so calm ! It is a must buy cd !
 When people think of Legend of Zelda , they do n't just see Link with his Master Sword and shield ; they hear his music , too ! As a Zelda fan , this CD is a very good reflection of the sense of pride I can feel when I play the game . = DHowever , you should n't pay $ 50 for it . If you go to a Japanese import site , like CDJapan , you can find it new for only $ 20 ! Amazon just ca n't compare . Just search for `` zelda '' and you should find it . ^_^
 I remember this CD from a while back , when I first played The Legend of Zelda
 This is a awesome CD filled with all of the music from Oot . It is a must 4 all Zelda fans and simply beauiful .
 If you loved the music from the game you 'll love this CD . I think it 's great and a must for Zelda fans !
 this cd was sooooo awesome . it almost makes u feel like u 're inside the game . i ordered this cd feeling very skeptical , but when i got it , i saw that there were 82 -LRB- ! -RRB- songs on the album . it literately had every song/sound in the game on it . i was amazed at how thourough it was . i was very excited . i thought it was going to be only the major songs of the game , but it was every song . even where there 's just sound effects -LRB- like dodongo 's cavern and the barrier room of ganon 's castle -RRB- . this is a must have for anyone who play 's the game .
 A great soundtrack for anyone , If you played the game you should get it . If you are a Zelda fan who has n't played this game , I still suggest you get this . In fact , I am listening to even as I write this review . It succsesfully downloads to the I-pod . -LRB- Yay ! -RRB- Every once and I while I would smile because I remember how long I played it . I love hearing temple of time song . So it does n't matter how old the game is , it just matters how good the music is.The CD came right on time considering that I live in Germany .
 Okay , I do n't usually listen to orchestras and stuff . I listen to Heavy Metal , like Trivium and Slipknot . This CD is a LONG way from that . I love it . I played the game 1 year ago . I still remember , picture perfect , what I was doing when that song played . Shooting arrows at the sun , fighting Ganondorf , fighting Ganon , everything . This CD is just awesome . If you have played Zelda
 Even if you are not a Zelda fan like myself , you will still enjoy this CD . It covers many different styles of music , like Middle-eastern and Drum . Koji Kondo has done it again . No matter how high the price , this CD is worth it.If you have played the game this soundtrack is based , you will recognize all of the songs , from the graceful opening theme all the way to the breath-taking ending theme . If you like music at all , you should get this epic CD .
 If your looking for the english version of this cd youve found it . I dont have the other one but this one lists all the english tracks . This cd is amazing ! It is great if you liked the game then you will definatly like this . Its great to just sit down and listen to . It makes me want to go play the game now .
 Do not be Surprised ! Not at all ! this is beautiful orchestration ... . not what you would expect from a video game , FABULOUS !!!!!!!!!
 I love Ocarina of Time , and I love the music from it . This CD contains all the songs , and loops and fades out . The sound quality is good , and as far as I know it does n't leave out any songs . If you love LoZ , buy this OST . I listen to it all the time .
 I got this CD for Christmas last year and I was amazed ! The album artwork is nothing like what you see here ; it is beautiful in person , and so is the rest of the case ! It is written in Japanese on the case , and the music is awesome . It has 82 tracks on it , some are sound effects , -LSB- example ` Item Catch ' or ` Enter Ganondorf ' -RSB- some are themes from places , -LSB- favorite ` Inside the Deku Tree ' -RSB- and some are the songs you play with the ocarina -LSB- ` Bolero of Fire ' and ` Zelda 's Lullaby ' . -RSB- This soundtrack is one of my favorites and I suggest it to ANY Zelda fan ! Just do n't throw away the little brown paper thingie wrapped around the left side of the case ; I threw mine away before I knew its value , so do n't make that mistake .
 Through making backups and moving files around , my version of this had gotten kind of messed up -LRB- lost the audio CD somewhere along the way in a between semesters of school -RRB- . So , I was trying to use Amazon to preview the tracks and make sure I had track numbers and titles right - yeah , good luck . I know the Kakariko Theme is not Ganondorf 's Theme . For real , Amazon ? So , just to warn anyone out there purchasing , of the preview tracks they had , the only one I found to be linked properly was the Title Theme . The only reason I 'm giving this 4 stars is that , unlike the Final Fantasy series of soundtracks , you only get one loop of a lot tracks . That does kind of stink , to be honest . I know they did that to minimize the number of CDs needed , but this is epic music that 's worthy of a repeat!On a positive note
 I really like this soundtrack . It 's nice to have ALL of the songs from the game . It comes in a case with a little booklet containing 4 different pictures to substitute in the front and the list of all 82 songs in english and japanese . It is one disc that contains 78:01 minutes -LRB- or 1 hour 18 minutes -RRB- of the music directly from the game . When you import the cd , there are two types , Nintendo and Koji kondo for the soundtrack-choose Koji Kondo . The only cons were-There were two little cracks on the front , but the case will get battered up anyway-The songs are all 1 loop , which means played once -LRB- this is n't that bad , though -RRB- - andthe music does n't have that nice `` powerfull '' sound to it because it is synthetic -LRB- produced on a synthisizer -RRB- rather than orchestrated . Over all a great cd . Also do not worry too much about the Miya records `` pirated cd 's '' issue , they have n't proved that yet . I recommend this !
 This review is for the Japanese release of this soundtrack , where all 82 tracks are present to make the complete Ocarina of Time soundtrack . The music is as it is heard in the game , and is excellent to listen to anytime . Anyone who has enjoyed the game will enjoy this cd , just expect to pay a little more than expected for it .
 If you love Ocarina of time music but do n't want to turn on the game for it then this is a must buy ! I think it has like 82 tracks on it so now I understand the price , though I bought it used it plays just as well as my other cds . Though do n't get me wrong it was still a good price and I was willing to pay that price :-RRB- . Overall I love this cd and do n't regret buying it !
 Overall , I would like to rate this 4.5 stars . It is a great CD , but the songs are very short . If Nintendo could have made a double CD set with all the songs properly repeated , it would have been perfect . Instead , also had to buy the US version -LRB- Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time Nintedo 64 Game Soundtrack -RRB- so at least some of the songs would n't seem like they just come then go . But if you only have room in your budget for one CD , this is the one for you .
 This CD is a must have for all the Zelda fans out there . I highly recommend this fantastic collection of music ... Though I was very much annoyed by one thing . Most -LRB- almost all -RRB- of the songs on this are very short . I mean , 30 seconds long short . I mean , it was so un-cool to make an awesome CD and then have almost every song be short . The fire temple music is one of my all time favorite temple music and it was about 20 seconds ! Though the songs are extremely short , I still think it 's worth the buy . It 's a MUST have ! You get over the shortness after a short period of time anyway . All I do is just put it on repeat . : - -RRB-
 This is definitely a good cd . The music is directly from the game , so if you liked the game music , you will love this cd . It brings back memories , you might find yourself thinking `` Ah I remember riding Epona while this track was playing '' , or something like that . Only downside is the tracks are very short .
 This is one of the best soundtracks ever ! The music sounds better than the actual game ! Every single track from the game is included . The only drawback may be that the chanting is gone from the Fire Temple theme . Aside from that , this CD is an excellent purchase to any one who is a fan of Zelda .
 Do n't get me wrong from the title ; this CD is fantastic ! -LRB- It certainly beats the heck out of the U.S. version of the soundtrack , which features a mere fraction of the music that this one does . -RRB- The only problem I had with it was that I already own it ! I misconstrued from the online listing that this was a totally different CD , not the original soundtrack . I mean , there 's no picture , no description , and at the time I ordered it , there were n't any reviews either -- so I took a chance and ended up with something I already own . Thus , I want to be sure I make it clear exactly what this is so that future shoppers will know before they buy . This is the Japanese Ocarina of Time original soundtrack . Here 's my content review : * Over 50 tracks ! This CD even includes the temples !! * Due to the number of tracks , each tune is played only once , rather than looped like the U.S. version . This is kind of a shame . * The chanting was removed from the Fire Temple . Another shame . -LRB- This caused it to lose a star . -RRB- * No other complaints here ! Like I said , this CD is fantastic ! It even comes with a sticker and cool pictures you can substitute in the jewel case cover .
 This one is really great , songs ranging from 5 seconds to 7 minutes -LRB- some I would more likely call sound effects -RRB- . I would strongly suggest this to any Zelda fan , or Zelda music fan , or even any music fan at all ! Here are some brief descriptions for you to see what some of the songs are like : Title Theme
 I 've always been impressed with Koji Kondo 's compositions for the Zelda and Mario series , and this is no exception -- most styles of music are represented here , and all of them have fantastic melodies . The instrumentals -LRB- all simulated , of course -RRB- are just right . Purchase this immediately if you 're a fan of the video game , or just good music .
 Those who have beaten the Ocarina Of Time videogame surely know it 's an absolutely unforgettable game . It 's not only a game , but an experience ... The Legend Of Zelda
 I loved that they have EVERY SINGLE music from the game in it , but I was disappointed to find how short some of the tracks are . Most all of them only play one loop of a track , making the songs very short . For example , the Fire Temple track is just over 40 seconds long ... I just wish they made this like 3 CDs and extended the tracks to at least 2 minutes each.But that 's the only thing I do n't like ... other than that its great ! If you liked the OoT music , this is a must buy !
 Great soundtrack ! With 82 songs to choose from , it 's worth the money . Even though some of the songs are very short , there are others that last up to 7-9 minutes . It has every song from the entire game . So if you like the legend of zelda you want this .
 This CD is very cool -LRB- to start out with -RRB- . It has every song from the game that you could imagine . It even has the fanfare you get when you open a treasure chest . If you are a Zelda fan you 'll love this CD . I 've listened to 4 times through -LRB- it 's 78 min . long -RRB- and I 've only had for 2 days . As you can see that statement alone speaks for it self !!!
 If only more games had scores released like this . The music in Ocarina of Time is n't necessarily the best of its kind , but it 's still very well done . I do n't really need to review the music , do I ? If you 've played the game then you know exactly what you 're getting there . It 's the packaging of this CD that is terribly impressive . It 's well-tooled and feels like a genuine novelty of Zelda products with full color pictures in the insert , Japanse and English track titles , a GOLD CD -LRB- ahhh , reminscent of the NES Legend of Zelda gold cartridge -RRB- with a simple elegant white print on top , a map of Hyrule in the case behind the CD , and some sort of sticker that I ca n't bring myself to place somewhere -LRB- and let it get ruined ? no way ! -RRB- . Lastly , the audible contents are extremely complete with not only in-game music , but the `` item sounds '' and such . The things you hear when you get an item , defeat a boss , etc.Bottom line , this CD is a great item for game/score fans and any sort of collector . It gives you a simple feeling of pleasure at just having possessed such a thing ... like when buying a video game actually meant something more than a few hours of fun . Okay , so maybe part of the fun with this is nostalgia , because it reminds me of the old Zelda 's as much as the new !
 Legend Of Zelda Ocarina Of Time Soundtrack is one of the best game music scores for the n64.It 's So much better than the american version because , well , think about it ... American Version : Number Of Tracks :35 Japaneese Version : Number Of Tracks :82 This CD has all the music from oot , the American Version does n'thave 1/2 ! All the songs are great!But , as stated in the title , there is one terrible flaw.-takes breath-It 's Fire Temple.The people who made the CD cut off the end of it -LRB- the chanting -RRB- ! All in all this is one great CD -LRB- if you loved the music from thegame -RRB- and you should BUY IT IMMEDIATLY!Don ' t Wait , because videogame soundtracks do n't usually stay in-print for very long , andI doubt this one still is.Don ' t wait untill this is $ 150 , BUY ITNOW!Bye !
 This is a great cd ! It includes all the wonderful music from the 1999 award winning n64 game , The Legend of Zelda
 this soundtrack is amazing !! i am so glad i got it . its totally worth your money . and if your reading this you should definitely get it . : -RRB-
 I ordered this CD back on April 25th ,2011 chose normal delivery and recieved it on May 2nd , 2011 . Speedy delivery was never a huge concern of mine . I like to order something , and then genuinely be suprised when the order has exited my short term memory and I CD had some scratches on it , and 1 song would skip and replay about 30 seconds of the song . Other than that , it contained all of the songs on the original Zelda Soundtrack -LRB- i checked , like any good consumer should do before they buy -RRB- , CD case and booklet were in good condition , and I was able to play this CD with no issue , aside from the 1 botched song . I am happy with this purchase . Out of over 66 songs , 1 did n't play to perfection . Oh well , life ca n't always work out the way we want it . I 'll settle .
 This soundtrack is just like playing the video game in a short period of time ! If you love this game , you 'll love this cd !
 So I just recently purchased the soundtrack at long last . This game is one of my favorite games . It is up there with Final Fantasy VII which I also own the soundtrack to . The score is part of what made this game so great . I can spend hours listening to this soundtrack on repeat .
 this soundtrack is with out a doubt one of the best musical scores i own hands down . theres just that it about it . very relaxing , very happy , very dramatic , & very whoa ... thats creepy & just gave me goose bumps . all 82 are classics in my opinion . with that said there are some annoyances & drawbacks . one is that alot of these tracks are just to short plain & simple . a coulple more loops per tracks would do these tracks more justice -LRB- I.E. ice cavern & fire temple with an average of 40-45 sec . ????? -RRB- . speaking of the fire temple , there was supposedly some sort of anger some muslims had reguarding the messages -LRB- fire temple chanting -RRB- , there was a protest by them , & nintendo -LRB- in the muslims favor -RRB- respectivly removed the chanting -LRB- as found in the 1.0 & 1.1 versions of the n64 game -RRB- & instead replaced it with a new reworked version -LRB- as heard in the 1.2 n64 version & all gamecube versions -RRB- . i like both versions but i like the reworked version a little better -LRB- it just has that creepy goose bump feeling about it -RRB- . it reminds me alot of the shadow temple with those weird deep voices -LRB- organ like -RRB- . i just basically call the new version shadow temple part 2 . now with that said ... the fire temple theme on this cd is only 42 sec . long . they could of indeed used the new reworked 1.2 version with the organ like voices to make it better & more complete . no istead they just strip most of it & all you end up with is just the fire temple intro . pretty dumb on nintendo 's part to do this . bottom line ... this should of been a 2 cd set to really let the tracks have their time to shine , & the reworked fire temple theme should of made it to this set -LRB- with about a 2 min average -RRB- instead of this short track thats on this set . i still recommend this great piece of history along with the the majora 's mask 2-cd soundtrack , majora 's mask orchestrations , the ocarina of time hyrule symphony , ocarina of time re-arranged , the wind waker 2-cd soundtrack , zelda the music soundtrack , & the zelda sound collection soundtrack . there are other zelda soundtracks floating around that have ` nt made it to their official pressings yet -LRB- the minish cap , the legend of zelda , the adventure of link , a link to the past , link 's awakening , oracle of ages , oracle of seasons , a link to the past
 Has about every song , every sound effect to bring you back to the days of when you played the game . There 's not a song on there that i do n't think i missed . I think everything is on there . Good buy . go get if you loved the music to the game !
 ... I have to say it has a corny feel to it . Even though the cd sounds great , and the music is great it sounds cheap . Somehow on the Cd you hear the cheap things differently . Such as the Temple Of Time song . The vocals sound just like a keyboard now . Do n't get me wrong this Cd will make you want to play the game all over again . The price tag is steep so get from sellers . This soundtrack almost brought me to tears when the final theme came . It is a seven min . song that reminds you of all the great things you did during the game . All in all this is a great soundtrack . By the way about 15 of the songs are as low as 5 sec . long !!!
 If you enjoyed the music from the game , then you 'll LOVE this soundtrack ! Its the full OOT soundtrack that Nintendo of America hasnt released to us . The soundtrack they have for sell is just a small portion of the music , while this one is the FULL soundtrack which includes ALL this music from the game , including the temple themes!However , instead of repeating the music more than once , it only repeats once . :-LRB- Thats the reason why I didnt give this soundtrack 5 stars - but it IS a great buy!But I got mine off ebay for only $ ... ! ^_^ ; But if you love the music from the Ocarina of Time game , this is a MUST buy for you !
 first of all , the music on zelda ocarina of time matches the setting you are in . for example , listen to the water temple music . most people get an image of a watery or icy place . the game 's songs impressed many people im sure . the game is already great by it self , but the music just takes it to the next level .
 The CD works beautifully and it arrived earlier than I thought it would ! I am very happy with the service and I recommend this buyer !
 The gatefold slip of paper that is the inlay on this rather naff-looking CD compilation gives you no information on what 's what . So here 's the details ... Issued in the UK in 2001 , `` The Music Of ... '' on EMI Gold 535 5752 -LRB- 78:25 minutes -RRB- gathers together the guts of two rare and largely forgotten Labi Siffre albums - both from 1975 . You can sequence them as follows ... `` Remember My Song '' , his 5th album , released March 1975 in the UK on EMI Records EMC 3065Side 1 : I Got The ... -LRB- Track 1 -RRB- Another Year -LRB- Track 2 -RRB- DownOld Time Song -LRB- Track 3 -RRB- The Vulture -LRB- Track 4 -RRB- Side 2 : Dreamer -LRB- Track 5 -RRB- Sadie And The Devil -LRB- Track 6 -RRB- Turn On Your Love -LRB- Track 7 -RRB- Remember My Song -LRB- Track 8 -RRB- `` Happy ? '' , his 6th album , released November 1975 in the UK on EMI Records EMC 3098Side 1 : Love-A-Love-A-Love-A-Love-A -LRB- Track 9 -RRB- You Hurt Me -LRB- Track 10 -RRB- Doctor Doctor -LRB- Track 11 -RRB- Second Time Around -LRB- Track 12 -RRB- Would You Dance ? -LRB- Track 13 -RRB- Side 2 : Supaluvva -LRB- Track 14 -RRB- Staride To Nowhere -LRB- Track 15 -RRB- You 've Done Something To My Heart -LRB- Track 16 -RRB- Sally Came To Stay -LRB- Track 17 -RRB- La-De-Da-De-Da -LRB- Lost Without Your Love -RRB- -LRB- Track 18 -RRB- As you see from the list above , the song `` Down '' from the `` Remember My Song '' LP is missing from this 18-track compilation . That album -LRB- along with earlier LPs on Pye Records -RRB- were reissued as CD remasters in 2006 - so if you want that song , 3 extra bonus tracks and far better sound - look to the 2006 issue . The `` Happy ? '' album -LRB- in its entirety -RRB- is only available here.Both records are very mid Seventies singer-songwriter material , but with a slightly more soulful tint on some tracks . Two huge club hits are `` I Got The ... '' which contains the now famous funky bass-break half way through it as sampled by EMINEM on his `` My Name Is '' hit - while `` The Vulture '' has been club played for years now . In fact the original vinyl album of `` Remember My Song '' used to once command a 150 price tag because it had those 2 songs on it and were unavailable on CD prior to 2001 . Other tracks on `` Happy ? '' are worth having too - the soulful-funky `` Second Time Around '' and the almost Steely Dan keyboard slink of `` Doctor Doctor '' -LRB- lyrics above -RRB- . The lovely acoustic `` Staride To Nowhere '' was even issued as a 45 in the UK and `` Sally Came To Stay '' has the prettiest of melodies . Siffre would retire from music until 1987 's extraordinarily powerful anti-racism song '' -LRB- Something Inside -RRB- So Strong '' on China Records.It 's not all genius of course , but it 's dirt cheap , loaded with gems in between the cracks and has very acceptable sound.From here , I 'd advise to go to his first four albums on Pye Records - `` Labi Siffre '' -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , `` The Singer And The Song '' -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , `` Crying Laughing Loving Lying '' -LRB- 1972 -RRB- and `` For The Children '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- - I 've reviewed them all separately and they 're uniformly excellent -LRB- with truly superlative remastered sound and bonus tracks -RRB- . Siffre has a loyal and dedicated fan following - and there are moments on this unassuming compilation when you can ` so ' hear why ...
 This actually has over 30 tracks , covering all the main music form the game -LRB- intro , character select , levels , bonus stages , continue , staff roll etc -RRB- . It also has a 10 minute track dedicated to each individual character 's speech samples . The 4 tracks referred to in the Amazon track listing are actually a mini CD bonus disc of ` remixes ' . This soundtrack is well worth getting for all 3rd Strike fanatics .
 There is nothing , I repeat , nothing wrong with this collection . They have managed to put 13 of the best songs , from Final Fantasy VIII and turned them into even more amazing music ! ` Blue Fields ' is a legendary world map theme , that has only become more beautiful with the piano . ` Eyes On Me ' sounds more like ` Love Grows ' or ` Julia ' -LRB- tracks from the original soundtrack -RRB- , then ` Eyes on Me ' but it 's still amazing . ` Fisherman 's Horizon ' is a wonderful track , no matter which verson your listening to . ` SUCCESSION OF WITCHES ' sounds much better in this collection , then in the game . The track ` Ami ' is like three tracks in one , it 's a lot like a piano version of the songs ` Balamb Garden ' and ` Where I Belong ' . ` Shuffle or Boogie ' the song played during a card game , is probably the most different , from the original . ` Find Your Way ' is a wondering track , introduced towards the beginning of the game in the fire cavern , and sounds even more mysterious then the original verson . ` The Oath ' is my favorite track on any FFVIII soundtrack , period . Although , this version is not my favorite , it 's still a beautiful , powerful track , that you will never get tired of . ` Silence and Motion ' is so different that it 's like a whole new track ! ` The Castle ' and especially , ` The successor ' sound like there original versions . ` Ending Theme ' is truly a classic , which features the lovely music from the end credit 's and final movie . ` Slide Show Part 2 ' is the most like it 's original , but it is even more fun on this cd!For all fans of Final Fantasy music , and even people who DO N'T like most video game music , should order this now !
 I 've been listening to the orchestrated version of the FFVIII OST soundtrack for more than a year . I 've always found myself tremendously immersed in the music whenever I play it.A while ago I decided to purchase the piano version . I 've also wondered how much this version compares with the orchestrated version , given that that the latter is pretty much `` complete '' in everything a game soundtrack should be in my opinion.Well , all I can say is , the piano version is truly a stand-alone in its own right . It incited a different feeling in me when I play it - soft , but aggressive , even though only 1 musical instrument is utilised -LRB- as opposed to the those in an orchestra -RRB- . I would say that it complimented the orchestrated version perfectly.I especially like to play this version when I 'm curled up in a blanket reading a book ... life is just sweet . : D
 The past Final Fantasy games have brought tracks of music that easily took you to its place in the game , but none like the songs of Final Fantasy VIII . With its beautiful piano scores and wonderfully orchestrated versions of the game music , it can often bring you right into the mood of the scene . To listen to this piano collection of the Final Fantasy VIII tracks , and feel then as if really being in the unimaginable world of it all , makes it an amazing C-D sound track to listen too . If you liked the game , you will love this album !
 I loved the compositions from the game and I think Nobuo Uematsu is a great composer , fitting perfect music for perfect environments.However , I could not abide the repetative synthesised instruments that accompanied the music on most occasions . I recently bought the original FF8 , thinking they perhaps implemented real instruments . . but no luck.Then I saw this ! Absolutely amazing ... A single pianist plays 13 of the greatest FF8 tracks , with clever re-arrangements , you can listen to this , fully imersed in the Final Fantasy atmosphere . My highlight must be the card game theme , shuffle or boogie ... an excellent take on the 12 bar blues . Anyway , yes , buy this ! Also you get it in Japanese packaging ... which is always good , for some bizarre reason the have a little plastic see-though sheath which the real case goes in ... lovely .
 Quite simply , this is some of the most relaxing piano music that I have heard in a long time . This cd takes music from the game that is related to love , exploration and ambience , and arranges it in piano form . No fast-paced battle music on this cd -LRB- which would be pretty hard to turn into piano anyway , so I 'm not complaining -RRB- . Some of my favorites are AMI -LRB- which includes the Balamb Garden theme -RRB- , The Oath , Succession of Witches , and Find Your Way . All of them work very well as piano arrangements while still keeping the feel of the original . Every piece on this cd is good , though I question the descision that put a ragtime piece in as the last song . It just does n't fit with the rest of the cd . And I do n't think that the Triple Triad theme -LRB- Shuffle or Boogie -RRB- needed to be arranged -LRB- can we please all just pretend that the game never existed ? -RRB- . The game itself was n't that great . But this cd is . A tad expensive , but if you like piano music , this is an excellent cd . Very good for playing while reading , doing homework , etc. .
 Just like the other Final Fantasy Music Collections , this CD is a `` must-have '' one -LRB- although it 's not the best of Uematsu -RRB- . Since the theme for Final Fantasy VIII is `` love '' , this CD gives you the sense of sweet , loving and relaxing . The first track is `` Blue Fields '' and followed by a super hit , `` Eyes on me '' , track which is a newly rearranged one -LRB- But still very good -RRB- . The rest of the CD gives you the same sensation . I find this CD is good for my relaxing day and before bed time and everytime I listen to it , I just like it more and more . As I said , if you like final fantasy series and Uematsu 's work , you will like this CD .
 I like each of the Piano Collections , but I think this one is heads above the rest . Now , mind you , each of them has certain merits and whatnot that make them unique and interesting . This one is that and more.Naturally , some of Uematsu 's best compositions from the game are here . Perhaps some of the best of any of the games , really . A bit of everything is included , from the dark to the nostalgic to the peaceful . Every bit as critical as the track selection is the arrangement . All of the arrangements here seem , I do n't know , fluid ... natural . In the other Piano Collections you 'll find quite a few of the tracks just do n't feel right , like they do n't quite fit when played on the piano , but none of these exhibit that flaw . At all . Really . It 's perfect.In all of the Piano Collections it 's always a different performer . They 're certainly all good at what they do , but this is yet another area where this one comes out on top , in my opinion . All of the Piano Collections were certainly played with expert precision , but some of them -LRB- not all -RRB- to me sound ... lifeless - devoid of emotion - flat . Not even so much as one of these tracks exhibit even a hint of that . Shinko Ogata has brought life to these tracks . From tricky variances , to exquisite delicacies , a full spectrum of emotions ... everything just seems lifelike . Shinko Ogata is an artist!The culmination of the above is one of the best things I 've ever had the pleasure of hearing . I highly , highly , highly recommend ! -LRB- PS
 I think that out of all the Final Fantasy Piano collection that this one is the best one . A very nice thing for the collection of a Final Fantasy fan .
 I have come across final fantasy piano soundtracks just a few years ago and I enjoy them very much . As a piano player , I only used to practice classical music but since I have bought these I have expanded my repertoire . They are very lovely to hear and enjoyable to practice . Each time I play them I develop more and more attachments towards the characters and appreciate the people who made them possible .
 I would like to thank the seller for the great quality and the fast shipping :-RRB- i really liked your service
 I love FFVIII and all their soundstracks . This CD just makes me relax or concentrate depending on the situation .
 Yes , I 'm one of those people who hate FF8 . Having said that , I heard a friend play this music one time , and not being that familiar with the music , I was intrigued . He told me what it was and after listening to 2 tracks , I bought the album . And it 's nothing short of GREAT . The composer is a genius , and I 'm now thingking about getting all the Piano Collections . It 's a shame not many people know that game music is as beautiful as this .
 If you love the piano , this cd is for you ! ` Nuff said . ^_^ If you love piano music AND you 're a fan of Final Fantasy VIII music , you 'll love this cd even more ! A few of the songs that already have the piano as the main musical instrumental in FF8 -LRB- such as as `` Slide Show Part 2 '' -RRB- are n't too different on the soundtrack . The other songs are very unique and some I never thought could be done with the piano -LRB- `` Shuffle or Boogie '' -RRB- ! A wonderful cd to get , and this being all piano , you do n't need to be a FF fan to enjoy !
 This album is terrific . I admire all the songs on here . This is probably a must buy CD for those who like the game Final Fantasy VIII and piano like songish ... not sure if that 's a word , but yeah .
 I saw the band play the material from this album last night at the sold-out Metro in Chicago , and I have to say it was one of the best live shows I have ever seen.This is everything one could hope for in a comeback album , and more . Combining elements from their previous two albums , Diary and LP2 , this album takes their sound and adds a few new elements , resulting in a looser , from-the-gut sound . In my opinion , it returns to the more emotional feel of Diary , but continues the songcrafting style of LP2.I do n't understand how they write songs like they do . This music is several levels above anything else that 's happening today . I loved their first albums , but this one is better than I expected - it wo n't be leaving my CD player for a long , long time !
 If you want to start listening to real music you might as well start here . Yet again SDRE has blown my mind away . This album is the stepping stone to where sunny day is headed . They have already given us classics in `` diary '' and `` s/t '' and now they have created an album full circle . The band has matured and are ready to show the truth to the world about real music . `` How it feels to be something on , '' displays the artists that they have truly become . Each song means something to every member of the group . Although most of the tracks are on the mellow side , each song is a journey through the spectrum that we all love in SDRE . What is very pleasing to this devoted fan , is the references of songs past within this new album . Please , if you are tired of listening to the same old boring tunes of industry bands and one hit whatevers buy this album along with the others , it will change your life .
 Not as intense as some of the songs on Diary , but still an amazing album . Buy this and Diary NOW !!!!!!!!
 I 'm happy to be one of the first people to tell you this . If you do n't buy this CD , your really missing out on one of the most awesome rock albums I 've ever heard . This album seperates sunny day as a band that can transend break-up . especially when 3rd eye blind is popular . It just goes to show you that true greatness is n't always universally recognized . I loved tracks 1,3,6,8,9,10 .
 Not as fun as the second album , not as accessible as the first ... probably the best whole album from SDRE . Some great songs ... `` Two Promises '' , `` 100 Million '' the title track and `` Guitar and Video Games '' stand out as some of SDRE 's best.Does require a couple of listens to to get truly into , but rewarding in the end .
 I 'm listening to this record for the third time as I write this , and it 's not going to leave the CD player anytime soon . Immediate favorites on the disc are `` Pillars '' , `` Every shining time you arrive '' , the title song , and one of the last 3 -LRB- I do n't recall - they 're all good -RRB- . In the words of Jeremy Enigk , `` The new album , pardon my french , is gon na kick a __ ! '' - and it does . It 's mellower on average than `` Diary , '' and all the new stylistic touches of s/t are used plus even more new stuff . The sonic variance gives them even more depth of expression and makes for a truly enjoyable listen . The lyrics are as great as I expected . I just ca n't praise it enough . An instant classic .
 I absolutely DESPISE the term `` emo '' . The term used to actually reference something that had meaning until leeches like Carson Daly and the mainstream blunders at Rolling Stone and Spin opted to tack the descriptor onto corporate hack bands like Jimmy Eat World , Dashboard Confessional and so on . Unlike the innovators that were labeled as such by admirers that could n't quite place their finger on the music style that they heard from early `` emo '' bands like Still Life , this new breed of mallrat rock band were actualy calling themselves `` emo '' to describe the underdeveloped and overall weak sound to go along with their forced , contrived lyrics that would make them appear all but happy . The one thing that some of the more intelligent bands did get somewhat right was the inspiration ; the always astounding Sunny Day Real Estate.Sunny Day Real Estate never had to categorize themselves as `` emo '' , nor do I think they ever acknowledged the terminology . They simply put forth melodic rock music that could send ice cold chills down your unsuspecting spine . Each album was a step further towards greatness from the last and though they released one more studio recording to follow this one , `` How It Feels ... '' was less a comeback album and more a work of utter genius.Carefully constructed and written like a historic novel , Sunny Day Real Estate really touched a nerve when released this album . `` Diary '' seemed to showcase their emotional bent while `` The Pink Album '' proved their ability to rock . `` How It Feels ... '' was the culmination of both aspects combined into one great triumphant release . Each song flowed smoothly into the next . The rhythmns are easy to digest and rewarding to comprehend . From their mellowest calm to their most aggressive , Sunny Day Real Estate makes you feel something that most bands do n't know even exists.Dashboard Confessional . Jimmy Eat World . `` Insert Generic Melodic Rock Band '' here . These bands will NEVER be what Sunny Day Real Estate was then or still remains to be today . If you are content throwing your money at bands that do n't come close despite mainstream culture stating otherwise , that is your choice . But , I would be willing to bet that upon hearing greatness that can only be named Sunny Day Real Estate , the aforementioned bands will soon be collecting dust at the bottom of your CD rack .
 Sunny Day Real EstateHow It Feels to Be Something On ; 1998Sub Pop RecordsMy Rating
 i do n't what those people are talking about who only gave it 1 and 2 stars . they probably need to listen to it a few more times . like all sunny day cd 's there 's no bad songs on it . though it may sound different then the first 2 that 's good , because we do n't want to listen to the same thing over and over again no matter how good it is . This cd is amazing . just listen to 100 million , pillars , the prophet , guitar and video games , and every shining time you arrive .
 those damn bastards that rated this cd 2 should be burned . they dont know what they are talking about ... sdre is the best band ive heard . well ive only heard about them a few months ago but i love their songs a -LRB- space -RRB- lot
 Upon hearing `` How it feels ... '' , I was blown away by the overpowering musicianship , as well as the different ranges Jeremy sings in . Although it lacks the driving breakdowns and pure `` rock '' moments of the past , it most definetly is an album that changes for the better . I feel this is a more mature album , by a matured band . Every song has its own special appeal , that keeps you listening -LRB- like I would have turned it off anyway -RRB- . It 's also a great album to listen to after smokin ' a few jizoints , or before bed !
 Like an oppressive fog rolling in across an open field before dawn , the tuned down , hollow guitars that introduce ` Pillars ' , the opening track on Sunny Day Real Estate 's 1998 offering ` How It Feels To Be Something On ' , simply and effectively set a somber tone for what would prove to be a record of both firsts and lasts for one of the 90 's most cherished bands . A band that seemingly spent as much time broken up as they did creating monuments to discord , Sunny Day 's 3rd album would mark the last time this band would play as a quartet . More importantly for many fans , this record , along with ` Diary ' and ` LP2 ' , formed an incorruptable trinity of sub-mainstream albums that are now signature pieces of the 90 's musical revolution . Of the three , this is by far the most compelling.There is something esoteric , even subversive dwelling beneath the surface of this record , particularly on ` Every Shining Time You Arrive ' and ' 100 million ' . Credit the omnipresence of Goldsmith 's crash coupled with Dan and Jeremy 's guitars which float between simple arpeggios and subdued minor chords to create a dissonant wall of sound which Enigk 's voice often gets hopelessly lost in . The hazy , weightless atmosphere it creates is a hallmark of this incarnation of Sunny Day and , for that reason , it 's regarded by many as the band 's best studio album . That being said , with Enigk 's voice still lurking in the shadows on this record , in order to properly appreciate its subtulties you have to be paying attention . For better or worse -LRB- depending on which side of the fence you sit on -RRB- the sound born here would be replaced in 2000 on The Rising Tide when Enigk 's angelic falsetto would ring out triumphantly above instruments played with rapturous authority . On this record , however , it rarely breaks the surface of the disengaged guitars before diving back down , most often in the chorus ' before mixing with and succombing to the wave of the next verse . ` How It Feels ' would also see an end to the driving distortion and mumbled vocal delivery which both ` Diary ' and ` LP2 ' are synonymous with . While far from organic , coffee house fare , many of the tracks here seem built around and for an acoustic guitar . This too sets ` How It Feels ' apart from the rest of Sunny Day 's catalog . While this served the purpose of clearing away the over-abundance of white noise that permeated ` LP2 ' , it also added a level of complexity previously absent from their music . That wonderful juxtaposition of both acoustic and electric guitars within a single track is best executed on ` Every Shining time You Arrive ' and the amusingly titled ` Guitar and Video Games ' . The former opens with two repetitve chords on an acoustic guitar which Enigk builds into a remarkably large and compelling melody . Simple yet pronounced drumming and a mournful electric join to produce layers of sound which are eventually joined by a playful , rolling synth in the bridge . The later very effectively employs both the acoustic and electric guitar to create the loud-soft dynamic , splitting the song in half in dramatic fashion.Though the thought never occurrd to me before I sat down to write this , ' How It Feels To Be Something On ' can be thought of as the Space rock entry to Sunny Day 's catalog . Hear me out . With muted instruments that serve to obscure and suppress Enigk 's disengaged and morose delivery of what are frequently cryptic lyrics , this album has a great deal in common with The Smiths , Failure , or even `` Astronaut '' era Hum . Perhaps more an amalgamation of all three , the influence is likely unintentional and therein lies the appeal of Sunny Day . Here was a band credited with inspiring greatness in others rather than needing it themselves . Despite their tenuous relationship , the members of Sunny Day Real Estate were able to come together once every couple of years , reinvent themselves , and release music that commands total emersion from the listener.For those willing , this record is a wonderfully rewarding experience .
 True or false
 Striking a perfect balance between the honest warmth and power of _ Diary _ and the boundless exuberance of _ The Rising Tide _ , this album is a modern alt.rock masterpiece , and SDRE 's greatest accomplishment as a -LRB- half -RRB- band . If you like your `` emo '' -LRB- god I hate that term -RRB- pre-chewed and half-digested , all nice and pat then you probably just wo n't get what the fuss is about . The effective , yet brutish power-chord heroics of the first two albums are partially sacrificed for more subtle explorations of psychological interiors . The songs do not overpower with their intensity , rather they mostly inhabit a comfortable yet prominent space within your mind , kick back , relax and dare you to define them . When you listen to songs like the title track , the experience is kind of like listening to Shudder To Think without the quirky and sometimes forced dissonance . Then again , that band does n't truly have the unique but subtle prog perspective that these guys do . This album is truly a collection of `` seven-cornered songs '' played by a band who has mastered writing dynamic , interesting music . `` Pillars '' is a climactic , eerie , and effective opener , but the album really takes off with the gorgeous `` Roses In Water '' , highlighted by Will Goldsmith 's superlative and nuanced drumming and Dan Hoerner 's intricate interlocking guitar melodies , a marriage of twisting middle-eastern sounding modes and harmonics . I think `` Guitar And Video Games '' looks back at _ LP2 _ and says confidently `` this is how we SHOULD have done it . '' The tortured , yet beautiful `` Two Promises '' is possibly one of the best post-breakup songs I have ever heard . And unlike the occasionally overproduced _ The Rising Tide _ the production is very spartan , yet still does no disservice to the full , complex music it presents . Awesome .
 Why do other people always compare Sunny Day Real Estate to other bands ? Sunny Day Real Estate have a sound and a presence all their own . No other band can tear out my heart with a calming depression and then replace it with pure undying hope through five short lines of lyrics . Until Sunny Day , i never knew mere words written by another person could stir up so many of my own heart-felt emotions . Buy this CD .
 I ca n't imagine ever hearing an album better than this one . The entire thing is perfect . I really ca n't describe it , all I can say is , no matter what your musical tastes are , if you do n't buy this album you will be missing out on one of the greatest works of art of all time .
 I picked this CD up at -LRB- of all places -RRB- Wal-Mart based on the advice of a friend whose taste in music I admire , and the first time I listened to it I was floored . That rarely happens to me , since I try to listen very critically to new music , but with this album I could n't help being swept up in the swirling guitars and emotionally-wrenching vocals . It 's one of those albums that defies analysis and flows amazingly well , and I have listened to it through about 25 times -LRB- I 've had it two weeks -RRB- . I was so amazed that I went out two days later and bought their first album , Diary , even though I had to sell some older CDs for it -LRB- I 'm a poor college student -RRB- , and I highly recommend it as well . What an incredible , important band ; I feel so lucky for having stumbled upon them .
 What does a band -LRB- such as Sunny Day Real Estate -RRB- do if it releases one of the best debuts ever and then , in assembling CD of B-Sides and discarded demos , creates the greatest rock album ever ? Simple . It dives into the world of progressive rock . This album is like Radiohead 's masterpiece Kid A , only stripped down to acoustic guitar and bass . Do n't get me wrong ; the `` wall of sound '' effect that -LRB- intentionally or unintentionally -RRB- made Lp2 the closest thing to musical perfection I 've heard is still there , only it builds up gradually to a climax , simillar to songs on Agaetis Byrjun by Sigur Ros . The result is an amazing record , one of the most important progressive albums released in the nineties . Key songs include the title track , `` Guitar and Video Games , '' `` The Prophet , '' `` The Shark 's Own Private F *** , '' and , heck , they 're all good . The only song that I -LRB- and everyone I know who likes SDRE -RRB- do n't like is `` Two Promises , '' which seems to be a bit too repetative , poppy , and depressing . Oh well , even the worst song is better than everything Chris Cabarra will ever create in his lifetime!If you like progressive rock , and do n't mind a bit of experimentalism , then do not hesitate to buy this CD . If you like `` emotional music '' by `` sensitive guys , '' then go away and buy one of the many EP 's released by Dashboard Confessional that were made purely to teleport your money into Chris Cabarra 's pockets .
 Sunny Day Real Estate makes some of the strangest music . When I first listened to this CD , I was , frankly , mildly bored . But despite this reaction , something about it made me drag it out again and again , and for weeks I listened to it every morning on my morning commute . Now , all the nuances that I missed before have come to light , and I think this is one of my best buys for this year . -LRB- The other SDRE albums that I got also rate in this category . I 'm a latecomer to this particular bandwagon . -RRB- Most of the songs are midtempo , and on the first listen they sound remarkably similar -- does anyone else notice that SDRE seem to write ALL their songs in the same quirky minor key ? Despite these similarities , however , the songs have a tremendous amount of complexity in structure and melody . `` The Prophet , '' for example , has some interesting Asian/Middle Eastern-flavored chanting . But one of my favorite tracks , `` The Days Were Golden , '' reminds me , for some reason , of old English ballads -LRB- think minstrels in the Dark or Middle Ages -RRB- . Perhaps it 's the syncopated rhythm
 Short and quick.Like many others , this album took awhile to grow on me . I LOVED Diary and Pink right off the bat . But when it came to this album and the Rising Tide , I was apprehensive . Thankfully I put all the songs on my Zune and shuffled them so I would n't bias the albums . Now I 've grown to anticipate for songs like Two Promises -LRB- UNDERATED -RRB- , 100 Million -LRB- APPRECIATED -RRB- , and the title track . The only song I can not give a full listen to unless being lazy to change is Guitars and Videogames . Maybe one day I 'll grow on that too , otherwise this was a really great change up for SDRE . Love this band Love this album . SDRE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Edit
 ALL I HAVE 2 SAY IS `` PILLARS '' ! TRUST ME AFTER LISTEN 2 THAT SONG YOU 'LL BE BUYING EVERY SUNNY DAY REAL ESTATE ALBUM !
 I 'm actually giving it 4.5 stars . I am a huge SDRE fan . I have all their cd 's and this one contains some of my favorite SDRE songs and some of the ones I like the least . Pillars , Every Shining Time , and What It Feels Like To Be Something On are amazing . They are beautiful and complex and they alone are worth the $ ... However , Roses in Water and Prophet are not up to the standards I set for SDRE . Otherwise , this is an amazing CD from one of the best indie/alternative rock bands of the 90 's . I definately recommend buying it and also `` Diary '' , their excellent debut cd , if you do n't already own it .
 literally ... I got it due to the high recommendation of a friend , and when i got it . . it sounded wierd , but after two listens to the whole album I was hooked . This is now one of my favourite cds . It 's a pity noone in this country knows them . . I guess it 's up to me to convert them . All the songs are great , musically , the voice , the lyrics . ... amazing stuff .
 SUnny Day Real Estate 's `` Diary '' is one of the most essential albums of this decade . Dissonant , heartfelt , emotionally gutwrenching , it is a roller coaster of pain and turmoil with probing lyrics and searing guitars thrown in for fun . By the time `` LP2 '' came out in 1995 , it was almost certain that SDRE had lost their edge . I am happy to report that although `` How It Feels To Be Something On '' is a great release , it certainly is n't `` Diary '' and -LRB- thankfully -RRB- not `` LP2 '' Perhaps the most immediate indication that SDRE is not the band they once were , is the fact the Jeremy Enigk 's solo orchestral nuances have seeped into `` How It Feels ... '' One only has to look for the sublime and perfect -LRB- and when I mean perfect , I mean there 's never been a song as beautiful as this by SDRE -RRB- `` The Shark 's Own Private F**k '' - the swelling , majestic strings ; intense build up and gut wrenching vocal performance moves SDRE past their emo beginnings into a band that has a newfound soft spot ... a fontanelle of sorts . This is their strong point now
 Best Sunny Day Real Estate Record . Period .
 I 'm not an expert on SDRE and I 've never seen them live or anything like that , but I thought I 'd add my input on this album.When I listen to `` How It Feels to Be Someting On '' I wonder why I do n't have more SDRE . Then I think about it and I guess that I am afraid that their other albums will end up feeling a bit cheap . I know this does n't make sense , so let me explain.HIFTBSO starts out really really solid . The first 4 songs contain strong drive and are very well thought out , balanced and flow well - even with driving guitars , etc. . Really good.Then the album goes away for a bit ... choppy , a bit more experimental for the sake of being different I felt ... until `` guitar and videogames '' -LRB- song 8 -RRB- . This song is SDRE at their best , an eerie harmony on top of the same sweet , driving , hallow crescendos.Overall , this is a good album . Although the middle section of the album does n't catch me as much as the rest of the album , you should n't let that deter you from listening to it . Again , I ca n't say that I have heard any of their other stuff , but if you have -LRB- and like it -RRB- this album certainly wo n't disappoint .
 Phenominal . Absolutely phenominal . Buy it . Feel the inner connection .
 after rockinf out over the past few years to `` diary '' and `` LP2 '' i was pretty excited to get this . however , it is a stylishly distinct and abrupt turn from the first two albums . while the first two discs are just flat out rockin ' , this one had added acoustic ballads . true , this is a good thing - it proves the band 's depth and talent for writing a song . however , if one was interested in buying their very first sunny day real estate record , i might suggest `` diary '' or `` LP2 '' . songs such as `` pillars '' , '' `` how it feels to be something on '' , and every shining time you arrive '' are fabulous , the rest of the album might be a bit too much to stomach for the casual sunny day real estate fan .
 anyone who rates this below a 4 has to be shot and run over by a large chocolate addict . This cd is freakin awsome-yes the style has seemed to mellow a bit since `` Diary '' and `` LP2 '' , but songs like `` pillars '' and `` two promises '' remind us of there purest emo rock . Lyrically they 've improved abit-at least i think , and Jermey 's vocals are clearer and less winey.This cd is art - nothing less then remarkable .
 This is truely the best cd I have ever purchased .
 If you ask any Sunny Day Real Estate fan which album it is they like most chances are you 're going to get some very conflicting answers , depending on who it is you 're talking to , and the reason for that is that the band undoubtedly made some very distinct creative decisions throughout their career . The camps seem to be split fiercely between those who feel that `` Diary '' and `` LP2 '' were the groups glory days and those who feel that their last album , `` The Rising Tide '' , was the sound of them hitting their absolute creative peak . Luckily for people like me however you will find a middle of the coin which seems to be where `` How it Feels to Be Something On '' resides.I 'm not sure what it is that happened to front man Jeremy Enigk over the course of the band 's history , but I found myself disliking both of their bookend albums for the exact reasons that most people who slag on them do . I thought Diary was a bland , one dimensional sounding album that was way too ... well , `` emo '' , and that The Rising Tide was a cheesy mess of over wrought song writing and hyper produced prog rock . One was too immature and the other was far too `` adult '' . Fortunately however `` How it Feels '' is , in my opinion at least , the perfect middle ground between those two camps . To me this is the sound of a band finding the perfect balance between their musical ideals and managing to avoid all the pitfalls of their creative extremes . I wish they could have stayed on this path for at least one or two more records , but it seems that you ca n't stop progress ... regardless of whether you think it 's good or it 's bad.In the end I think which album you end up liking most seems to depend heavily on your personality so the best thing to do is probably just listen to all 4 records and judge for yourself , but if I had to pick any one starting point this would probably be it ... It 's certainly possible you 'll end up liking EVERYTHING you hear , but I can only speak for myself and say that because of it 's balance this is n't just my favorite Sunny Day Real Estate album , but the ONLY Sunny Day Real Estate album . Listen and judge for yourself .
 This is a great album , with a lot to offer anyone . This album deals with a lot of issues that people today go through and I enjoy it everytime I listen to it . Very melodic and mellow music . I would recommend this album to anyone .
 Sunny Day Real Estate / How it feels to be something onIf the definition for what an incredible , beautiful , and wonderfully crafted album were asked , this would be the album that explains what it would sound like . Many artist write wonderful cds with gorgeous songs , but they fail to write an album with a theme and a purpose for its being released.Every song fits nicely into this quilt , hand stitched by Sunny Day Real Estate . When listened to in its entirety you find yourself amongst a wonderfully fabricated blanket . This is by far the best album put out by this incredible band . It is not a punchy , hard hitting album like Diary -LRB- their first album -RRB- , rather it ends up knocking you off your rocker at all its immense surprises . ` Every shinning time you arrive , ' the title track , ` Guitar and video games ' and ` The profit , ' are some of the best emotional songs to date . This album -LRB- that is what it truly is -RRB- will have you off floating with celestial bodies and have you start believing in the greater possibilities .
 sunny day real estate set the tone and standard for tons of bands after diary . they 've influenced everyone from jimmy eats world to the new death show and what blows me away about this album is it 's complete lack of similarity to their previous work . they reinvented themselves here . they evolved . the first time i heard how it feels i realized i could do anything i wanted without regard for the past or expectations of others . in the end all that matters is how much heart and soul ou retain .
 Well I 've owned this record for four years now , almost to the date . It 's a great album - the guitars ring in counterpoint , the bass is melodic , the drums pound ... subtely , and Mr. Enigk spouts forth a little LESS elliptically than in the previous two records . There 's even a little piano line , etc. . I think that this was their best studio recording , personally.Buy the album and love it .
 I had already heard a couple of SDRE 's cd 's before I heard this one , including their 1999 Live disc which contains a good number of the songs featured here . Probably because of that I actually like the live versions of `` Pillars '' , `` Guitars & Video Games '' , `` Every Shining Time You Arrive '' , and `` 100 Million '' better than the versions featured here . But this is still a great disc and probably worth getting just for `` Roses In Water '' and `` Days Were Golden . ''
 When this cd first came out , all my friends -LRB- HUGE sdre fans , as am I -RRB- were like `` you 're not gon na like it . its way different . '' I thought , of course it 's different . we ca n't expect it to be the SAME , can we ? I could n't believe my ears.Then I listened to it.I was n't sure what to think.On my first listen , it just sounded different.So I listened again.HOLY GOOD.That 's right.It took the second listen for me to realize how completely awesome this cd really is . `` Guitar and Video Games '' is my third favorite Sunny Day song.Truly amazing.Brilliant cd.Listen to it.Twice if you need to .
 I like this album a lot . There 's a lot of power and swirling guitars , and the melodies just knock you flat . Enigk 's soaring tenor is at its most tremendous here . Every Shining Time you Arrive is a classic , and # 9 , the title of which contains a dirty word , has one of the most beautiful and jarring transitions I 've heard in years . Great CD.On another note , I think it 's funny that a previous reviewer , Heidikakis from NY , lifted almost all of her -LRB- his ? -RRB- review from pitchforkmedia.com ... Why would someone do that ? I 'm sure that the folk at pitchforkmedia.com are n't pleased .
 It has been quite a while since I saw this amazing band live-breakups and solo efforts did not stop sdre from recording an amazing effort . Easily this album is better , much better and much more thought out than `` lp2 '' . Jeremy 's lyrically and musically amazing disc `` The Return of the Frog Queen '' was a brief display of what was to come from this highly underrated band . If you are an sdre fan this is a must have ... if you know nada about this band , try `` diary '' first and then move to the big trees ... Sunny Day Real Estate was/is probably the only passionate rock bands out right now and it would be a shame if they disintegrated once again without someone getting a chance to discover them . .
 It has been quite a while since I saw this amazing band live-breakups and solo efforts did not stop sdre from recording an amazing effort.easily this album is better , much better and much more thought out than `` lp2 '' . jeremy 's lyrically and musically amazing disc `` the return of the frog queen '' was a brief display of what was to come from this highly underrated band.If you are an sdre fan this is a must have ... if you know nada about this band , try `` diary '' first and then move to the big trees ... Sunny day real estate was/is probably the only passionate rock bands out right now and it would be a shame if they disintegrated once again without someone getting a chance to discover them . .
 This is the most amaizing CD i have ever heard . These are some of the most talented artists the world has ever seen . A collection without this cd is incomplete
 This is an amazing record . I need not say anymore . Thank the good lord above for making this records happen .
 This well written , well produced cd represents the best of today 's music
 it 's so emotional . when i listen to it it 's like i 'm somewhere else , in my own private world where there 's nothing but the music .
 I just have to say what an amazing experience it was to see Sunny Day Real Estate 's first show back together in July . They played all of the songs from the new album , left stage , and came back for an encore of `` Circles '' and `` J'Nuh . '' It was truly one of the most spiritually moving concerts I have ever been to . The new record is amazing and I suggest that you buy it right now .
 The best of album of 1998 , hands down . If other bands had the guts and the emotion of SDRE , then the world would be a different -LRB- better , certainly more interesting -RRB- place , but this album is far above the usual fodder put in the till by the music industry . Therefore , I do not expect it to become popular , as you will undoubtedly get out of it what you put into it ; this does not mean that it is not worthwhile . SDRE can literally change the way you listen to music in general , not speaking in terms of `` this band is a hybrid of this and this , '' but in realistic terms of music of substance and profound emotional weight . Did I mention it rocks ?
 The only good thing to come out of America in a long time . From the melancholic depths of `` Diary '' , the raw beauty of `` LP2 '' , the brilliant divinity of Jeremy Enigk ` s solo-album `` Return of the frog queen '' to the new majestic heights of `` How it feels to be something on '' . Their new record is outstanding , a masterpiece just like all of their previous releases . Not a single track on the album is superfluous . . If you only listen to one band in your life SDRE should be it . . You ` ll taste it in time . .
 HONESTLY ONE OF THE GREAT BANDS OF TODAY . THIS ALBUM WILL MAKE YOU CRY WITH JOY !
 the best album since appetite for destruction . sdre equals genius . if rock and roll is a religion , jeremy is pope john .
 For once I bought a cd where every track is great ! You must buy this cd . I bought it for Pillars , but I recived a whole lot more than I expected . The better tracks are 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10 . Track 7 is good but it can get long and tedious -LRB- it is worth listening to -RRB- . The cd takes two listens to get into . But it is really well worth it . YOU WILL NEVER TAKE IT OUT OF YOUR CD PLAYER !
 If you go back and look at some of the reviews here glowing with praise , you 'll have a good idea of how good `` How it Feels to Be Something On '' really is . All I can do is add my two cents to the collective whole and hope it encourages anyone and everyone who is undecided about buying such an album to , well , do so.Sunny Day Real Estate is one of my favorite bands . I have enjoyed every one of their releases considerably , and it 's a shame that they are n't marked as one of the better or more popular bands of the 90 's . Began with `` Diary '' , went along with `` LP2 '' , skipped to `` The Rising Tide '' , and came back to `` How it Feels '' ; saved the best for last , I guess.Hmmm , where to start . `` Pillars '' is an absolutely stunning , restrained composition that is laboriously constructed and beautifully hypnotic . The climax comes around 3:13 in a breathtaking combination of instrument and vocal that is nothing less than euphoric . Absolutely haunting . Roses ... . OK , I 'm going to refrain from fanatically describing each and every song . I can do that . I can -- really . Hmm ... I 'm pondering the thought of exactly `` why '' this album is Sunny Day 's strongest -- or , for that matter , one of the strongest albums I own period -- and I 'm not really coming up with a satisfiable answer . It is , without question , the slowest , the most introspective , and the least `` rocking '' of the band 's four studio releases , and upon very first listen , might not knock you flat like `` Diary '' or even `` The Rising Tide '' . That said , it inevitably burrowed itself deep within my mind -- my soul -- and I swear to God , everytime I listen to it , it 's pure joy . I do n't know what else to say.I really did get a kick out of reading the past reviews for this album here , as there were some really great ones . One , in particular , went on about how a work of art is not merely an external object , but can , very much , be a piece of yourself . It 's a reflection , a representation , of you . That review inparticular really connected with me , because it is exactly how I feel with this album . If I recommend this album to someone , I will do it with all my heart , and know that I 'm in fact sharing a deep part of my very self with them at that .
 this record is the finest masterpiece ever . the most cryptic , caressing lyrics brought to you by the finest voice in all the land and drums impossible not beat along with in the air . these guys are the kings of the underground , coming soon to a major label near you , and they deserve it . i do n't know what else to say - how can perfection be described ?
 SDRE is a two sided coin . The first side encompasses their first two albums ; raw , bleeding-heart , tortured , love-obsessed , low-fi . The flipside represents the latter half of their albums ; grandiose , poetic , sweeping , accomplished , passionate . Both sides have a common theme ; emotion.The first album after the band 's break , `` How It Feels to be Something On , '' stands as their most accomplished and possibly best album . Jeremy 's vocals have improved . His lyrics
 The shifting tones of `` Roses in Water '' and the climactic buildup of `` The Prophet '' are worth price of the album . The first time you hear `` Roses '' , you 'll probably go '' ... ewwww '' . But it grows on you , as you can feel the layers of the melody lines dig into your skin . It 's borderline classical , and excellent rock music . Pillars , Every Shining Time , and the title track are also good songs.This album is n't as `` rocking '' or `` melodic '' as the LP2 is
 Of the first three SDRE albums , I find this one the most fascinating . It has very little in common with the first two , which tangled sometimes jarringly with emo and stoner rock . Diary and LP2 are both important documents of 90s music , but they do n't have the confident polish and grace of How It Feels . While the first two often used chugging rhythms and voice-cracking vocals , How It Feels comes off as an indie rock album that could have come out last week -LRB- and I mean that in a good way -RRB- . Enigk 's voice seemed to have leathered up considerably during the band 's breakup , and he 's capable of a haunting falsetto that imprinted `` 100 Million '' on my brain from the first listen . The muddy bass of before is now melodic , strummy and very tight with Goldsmith 's kit . The giutars do a lot more jangling and picking and less hammering . To call it more `` refined '' would be a disservice to Diary and LP2 , so I 'll just say it 's a cleaner production . In fact , the mix is fantastic , as another reviewer noted.It seems that How It Feels was a snapshot of a band in significant stylistic transition only a few years into its career , like Radiohead or the Beatles . And I think this style of music is more suited to Enigk 's vocals . It 's more affecting . The title track and closing track are excellent examples . It 's a little processed , but this never actually sticks out . In their previous work , I felt that Enigk 's vocal range was SDRE 's weakest link , but he 's almost like a different singer here.What will stick out to listeners of their earlier work is the superior production that lends the album a much wider sonic stage . The muffled living room has become an auditorium , and the haunting How It Feels soars with hope , wistfulness , hurt , and joy . It 's not quite like anything I 've heard before . Certainly not an album 's worth , at least . Every song is , at the very least , pleasant background music , except perhaps for `` Prophet , '' a foray into Eastern-tinged prog that others have done much better , in my opinion .
 I like the idea of `` Proggressive Rock '' but I do n't like most Prog Rock bands , because they 're always mired in some pseudo-classical grandiloquent schlock that plods for days . How It Feels to Be Something On is what Prog Rock should be ; complex without being complicated , powerful without being raunchy , lofty without being bloated . This album is an emotional journey bordering on religious experience . And the production is some of the best I 've ever heard , which as a musician I 'm probably stealing ideas from constantly . No recording can ever be perfect , but this one comes close .
 Following a breakup in 1995 , Sunny Day Real Estate reformed a few years later with a slightly modified line-up . From the opening moments of the album , it is very clear that they 've done some growing up during their hiatus . That is not to say that their first two Lps were sophomoric or juvenile , but this band sounds weathered and wise , bold , and visionary.The musical soundscapes in songs like Roses in Water , and The Prophet , are chilling and moving . There are moments when the band is weaving a dark tapestry of unsettled beauty , and Enigk simply calls out in kind , completing the picture wonderfully . Lyrics like `` we were climbing forever , an infinite task ... '' perfectly describe the feel of this album ; maybe a soundtrack for an epic journey , a photograph somewhere in the thick of things . And the moments when they arrive -LRB- like at the end of Every Shining Time You Arrive -RRB- are deeply satisfying.How It Feels ... is an album that keeps giving . Some may find Enigk 's voice a bit jarring , or the dissonant guitar tones unsettling , but this also is n't an album for the general masses , and it does n't purport to be so . But if this album makes sense to you , you will find yourself playing it again and again for years to come .
 Sunny Day is one of my favorites . This albums happens to be my fav album by them . `` Lp2 '' and `` Diary '' were two fantastic albums . The opening track on `` Diary '' set the tone for a great album . I did n't think they could top that album , but I was surprised . This album seemed less focused on blowing your speakers with pure rock . -LRB- which they do well -RRB- This album was an emotional album , a little more quiest . A few of these songs depressed me . But if a song can do that , it 's good . The first track slowly comes in and hits you in the gut with good music . The songs on this album are n't as `` rock '' but are still DAMN GOOD ! Gutair and video games in my humble opinion is a classic , I love it and nothing will ever come close to such a song . The last song on the album `` days were golden '' was another one of those songs . Buy this album ... if you do n't like it , something 's wrong with you .
 I 'm not going to be wordy or long-winded here . This is quite possibly my favorite album of all time . It 's not Diary , it 's not LP2 ... it 's better . It 's a sterling work of originality , a timeless collection of amazing music.Get it .
 Fans must have been devisated when Sunny Day Real Estate broke up before releasing their second album . The band was extremely talented and had so much potential . Their debut album Diary is one of the most underrated albums of the 90 's , and the band never got the due they deserved despite Nate and William joining the high-profile Foo Fighters . Following up the great yet mysterious LP2 , SDRE returned with a more mature sound with How It Feels To Be Something On . Nate was gone , but with a new bass player , the band still sounded great . The sound was n't as hard , but it was just as emotional . Jeremy 's lyrics and vocals still pack the same power as they did on Diary and LP2 , and the musicianship from the band is great . `` Pillars '' is a dark and powerful track while `` Every Shining Time You Arrive '' is beautiful and bittersweet . There is really no filler on this album ; `` Guitars And Video Games '' and the title cut along with `` Pillars '' and `` Every Shining Time ... '' alone make this album worth it . It you are a fan of the band , do not overlook this album . Their sound might be a little different , but change is good . It 's still the same SDRE you know and love .
 So here 's a a rich and tasty slice of indie rock , but baked in is , what , prog-rock ? WHat 's that doing there ? This album is more epic than the Pink Album , and perhaps that 's because on How It Feels To Be Something On you can understand what Jeremy Egnik is saying . Maybe it 's the way the songs can build from a sleepy whisper to an exalted climax . I would draw paralells to 70 's Yes , but also to recent Tool . All the same , some of these songs seem just a little too poppy for my tastes . So I 'd say this album falls short of brilliant , but I certainly do n't take it out of my stereo without reluctance . Among my favorites are the title track , The Prophet , and the last song . SDRE contintues to have a completely unique sound , and this CD is irreplaceable in anyones collection .
 I did n't know what to expect when this album came out , considering the span of time seperating this from LP2 and Jeremy 's change in lifestyle . I was pleasently surprised , however , to find that SDRE had emerged with a more mature sound and had taken what would seem the logical progression stylisticly -LRB- which is a good thing -RRB- . Jeremy 's voice seems to be stronger , also . Being a guitar player , I especially enjoyed the superb and innovative musicianship -LRB- as always -RRB- on this album . Definitely buy this album , with the first 2 albums preceding it .
 this album is a must have . look for the similarities between sunny day and jane 's addiction in 100 million - i swear it 's there . every track is incredible - be warned that listening to it in already-sad states will lead to probably more sadness , but it 's good to be there sometimes .
 This album is amazing and is every bit as good as Diary . Jeremy 's vocals are beautiful , as always . How it Feels to Be Something On is a song that brings tears to my eyes every single time . The Prophet is an amazing experiment in sound . The whole album is bliss .
 great musical talent here , great listening pleasur
 This album rages through an entire range of emotions with experimental , eerie sounds , amazing riffs , pulsating rythms , and amazing vocals that will make your hair stand on end .
 Wow.Get the LP . This is an album that 's got to be played on the old turntable at full volume with all the lights out . This is Sunny Day Real Estate 's best piece of work yet , and it 's brilliant .
 Simply one of the best albums of 1998 . The only thing wrong with this album is that more people have n't heard it . A gem .
 I know the members of the band and they 're some of the greatest people out there and they 're music is to match . William Goldsmith 's drumming is amazing and his energy is not to be beat . Anyone who says that they 're too quiet do n't know anything about quality . This is quality few ever hear in music.They are talented and emotional and willing to experiment . More experiments with intense , emotional music will be on the next album . If you like this , check out Diary and the Pink Album .
 Forget all the adjectives and fancy references to bands that nobody has ever heard of , this is music that moves you , whether it enlightens you or brings you down , it will stir some kind of emotion in you and it will do it every time , you will never get tired of this cd .
 Only a handful of purely chamber works survive from Buxtehude 's hand and , unfortunately , this seems to have led to a paucity of recordings thereof . This recording -LRB- along with vols . II and III -RRB- finally do justice to this wonderful repetoire.The music itself is rich and rewarding . All 14 sonatas of Buxtehude 's Ops . 1 and 2 are scored for violin , viola da gamba , and continuo . In some `` unpublished '' works -LRB- recorded on vol . III of this series -RRB- the ensemble is expanded with a second violin , and in one case tenor viol is substituted for violin.Buxtehude is an expert in weaving complex contrapuntal textures between all three voices , but is by no means dry or academic . On the contrary , his chamber works are characterized by drama bordering at times on the romantic , interspersed with adagios of a more lyrical quality . While Buxtehude occasionally stretches the Baroque idiom to its limits -LRB- especially in the so-called ` stylus phantasticus , ' which presages the rhapsodic tendencies of the Romantic era -RRB- , his work is never impenetrable , and always engages the listener.Holloway , ter Linden and Mortensen 's performance of this oeuvre admirably suit Buxtehude 's style . They present a unified ensemble with delightfully varied textures in spite of the limited resources available to them . While occasionally leaning towards a more modernistic sense of phrasing and articulation , the musicians stay firmly grounded in sound historical performance practice , and positively shine in the many soloistic passages Buxtehude has scripted for them.While other recordings of Buxtehude 's chamber music exists , none are so complete and so well-executed as this series . Any admirer of this pillar of the Baroque would be remiss not to include these albums in their collection .
 Like many of the -LRB- probably small -RRB- crowd of people who knew of Buxtehude , I never thought there was more to him than his organ music . Plus , I figured any german composer who predated Bach probably had a rather dour , liturgical composition style.Any of the 3 wonderful volumes should dispel that ill-informed impression . Buxtehude 's chamber music is a delight ... full of warmth , style and character . Worth the price .
 As all the hipsters clamor for the past , the new thing seems to be -LRB- after the exhaustion of the television/iggy/voidoids shtick by the strokes -RRB- early ' 90 's `` shoegazer '' rock . After recently seeing a review of Interpol , I noticed a reviewer compared them with KOD . Hmm ... thats really weird ... KOD was a great pop band , with a unique sound . Singer/bassist Patrick Fitzgerald 's lyrics were pointed , yet utterly heartwrenching , while Julian Swales work with effects-laden guitars has yet to be matched -LRB- or imitated -RRB- . The production on this record is a bit too glossy at times , but it works to good effect on the opener `` Railwayed '' , the dreamy -LRB- literally -RRB- `` Hypnogogic '' and the astounding `` Drive That Fast '' . The band achieved a sound quite beyond anything at the time -LRB- or since really ... -RRB- . Mark my words , in 3-5 years time , those strokes boys will be trading in their white belts for delay pedals for their guitars , at will be citing Echo and the Bunnymen instead of the Velvets . I could only hope ...
 I ca n't believe it 's been 13 years since I first heard this CD . Funny thing is I listened for 3 or 4 years before I actually listened to the lyrics too.Another KOD reviewer on Amazon had problem with some of the gay-themed lyrics . If you ca n't get over that , then frankly you do n't deserve to hear it . The guitar effects will put you in a trance , and the songs flow together seamlessly . One of the reasons KOD did n't have mainstream success is their songs are some heavy duty songs about LOVE , both gutwrentching , and glorious.One of the top 10 CD 's that changed my life.Just buy it .
 I remember hearing Drive that Fast and thinking , got to get this . Then I heard the whole album and listened to it regularly for years . Recently , my brother bought me an album by a band called Interpol . Damn if this is not the same vocalist , or a darn good admirer . So what did I do ? pulled KOD cd 's out and listened all over again ! How good is this album ? When my wife and I went back to Hawaii for our 5th -LRB- 5 years ago -RRB- anniversary , this was one of my 12 cds to come with -LRB- I have over 800 cds -RRB- . Why are they gone ! Come back ! Please more of this !
 My favorite KOD song is nestled close to the end of `` Strange Free World '' ; `` Drive That Fast '' is the quintessential Kitchens of Distinction song and was a regular feature on MTV 's `` 120 Minutes Into The Future '' during the summer of ' 91 . Sounds of Julian Swales 's guitar being processed through heavy effects echoing from my car speakers in an almost levitational , shimmering-in-the-air fashion meshed perfectly with a percussive bassline , the loping rhythm of both a set of bongos combined with hard-hitting drum-work , and wistful , reflective , incisive lyrics sung in Patrick Fitzgerald 's crisp , distinctive , slightly gravelly voice practically demanded that I purchase this CD as soon as Tower Records could stock it . `` Strange Free World '' contains three other tracks that complement the pensive energy and contemplative lyrics of `` Drive That Fast '' ; ` Railwayed '' , `` Quick As Rainbows '' , and `` He Holds Her , He Needs Her '' . And while I find almost every other cut on this CD to be eminently listenable to upon each of their own merits , `` Strange Free World '' lacks the overall track-to track cohesion of `` The Death of Cool '' , and keeps it , unlike that CD , from becoming one of the few definitive baroque releases in the shoegazing genre . Nevertheless , `` Strange Free World '' is a must-have whose out-of-print status makes its purchase a necessity ; below the waves of delay and reverb lie superlatively crafted pop melodies that still have the power to captivate 19 years and two replacement CD 's later .
 i heard the song `` pda '' by interpol a couple of years back and it brought me back to this disk . such an amazing sound . this was their best cd and is some of the best of the late eighties and early nineties . they recorded this disc at a little island studio and it 's as if they somehow transferred the vacation attitude into the music . it 's difficult to explain it except to say the songs on this disc build an incrediclby wonderful mood and just seem to flow one to the next . it 's like the best of the Catherine Wheel and the best Lush mixed together - great guitar , atomospheric and solid song writing . a totally enjoyable musical experience that stands the test of time .
 Geez , it 's been over a decade and a half since I purchased this cd ! How the time flys by . And with the passing of time I keep returning to `` Strange Free World '' , an album that ages like the finest of wines.I loved Ride 's `` Nowhere '' , Catherine Wheel 's `` Ferment '' , MBV 's `` Loveless '' , Slowdive 's `` Just for a Day '' , and Lush 's `` Deluxe '' , but `` Strange Free World '' by Kitchens of Distinction stands out among the best of the shoegaze set , and is the sadly unedrappreciated leader of the pack , the alpha chief star destroyer , if such a thing exists . Produced by Hugh Jones -LRB- some Echo and the Bunnymen -RRB- , this second K.O.D. release from the year 1991 is gold from beginning to end . Unfortunately , this was a time when all of this great music from the UK was being overshadowed by a dumb stateside genre of music called grunge . Blech . Now , kids are discovering this stuff once again , but still not enough in my opinion . While most of the groups I mentioned earlier were great , their voices tended to get lost in the layers of guitars and effects and the lyrics at times were a bit vague and abstract , which is fine . However , it 's refreshing to hear an album that is just as sonically engaging , if not better sounding than the others -LRB- `` shoegazey '' if you will -RRB- yet with honest , cohesive , clear lyrics and excellent vocalls pitifully copied by the likes of the vastly overrated Interpol -LRB- God , and those annoying clothes and haircuts -- come on people !!! -RRB- . Again , while the atmospheric , shoegaze aspect of the music is very appealing to me , it 's those timeless lyrics that bring it home again and again . And , these guys can raise the tempo and rock like none other . Songs like `` Gorgeous Love '' and `` Drive that Fast '' are just a couple of the highlights on this unsung classic released during a very exciting time in current music history , and still sound brand new today .
 KOD 's second album is a pop masterpiece . It 's hard to believe that they were only a 3-piece band ! Strange Free World is a vast improvement from their debut Love Is Hell . Standout tracks include Railwayed , Drive That Fast , and Gorgeous . Heck , every track flows beautifully from one to the next . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Yes folks , KoD succeeded where many bands have n't
 ` Strange Free World ' is without a doubt KOD 's best album and it is seems to have grown in stature since its early 90 's release . At the time they were a fringe alt rock band generally tied to the shoegazer scene with the likes of My Bloody Valentine , Cocteau Twins , Ride and Slowdive . Today many emo bands -LRB- and fans -RRB- are looking back and referencing this KOD album as an important influence - and rightly so.The shoegazer thread is there with the band 's use of shimmering walls of guitar and often subdued vocals . That 's where the similarity ends though . Where others kept their heads to the floor and voices lilting in the background , KOD occasionally rocks with a solid beat , bristling rhythms and vocals that burst to life with passion , fire and even anger at times - a shoegazer crime for sure.Standout tracks include `` Railwayed '' , `` Quick as Rainbows '' , `` Within the Daze of Passion '' and the brilliant `` Drive That Fast '' . I could give this 5 stars but KOD does n't quite match the greatness of its influences The Smiths , The Church or My Bloody Valentine . SFW is a great album from any era and a must for modern emo kids .
 I ca n't believe I waited over 20 years since first hearing this record to own it ! One of my very favorites . Transformative .
 I bought this album along with Delirium Veil -LRB- Twilightning 's first album -RRB- , and originally listened to D.V. first . I absolutely love that album , it epitomizes everything that I look for in a classic power metal album . Needless to say , I had high hopes for Plague-House . This album is a lot different in the way that the melodies are not nearly as gripping or exciting as Delirium . This is a little more on the progressive side with all the time signature/key changes . It 's not straight foreward power metal like the previous album is . I still listen to Delirium all the time , but for some reason I just do n't give this one as much play time . I keep going back to it every now and then to see if it will change my mind , but it just does n't compare to Delirium . The musicianship is still phenomenal , Ville Wallenius blows Herman Li away by a long shot , not only in the shredding category , but also in creativity , and it still irritates me that Dragonforce has gained so much fame in the states while awesome bands like Twilightning remain in obscurity . This band is as good as , if not better than Dragonforce . Poyhiaa is a better singer than Theart , and even this album , which is not as good as their debut is still way better than anything Dragonforce ever did . I would recommend Twilightning to any power metal fan , but I would suggest Delirium Veil in favor of this album . Buy this one second .
 This is one of my all-time favorite bands . This album is rather heavy on the synthesizer sounds when compared to their others , which is actually not a quality attribute to my ear , but they pull it off with flying colors . Highly recommended to anyone who likes metal with powerful vocals ... EdGuy , Excalion , Iron Maiden , etc. .
 hey wht happened to my review i rote becore oh well maybe i forgot to push the buttn i suk at computers anyway this band is amazing and way underrated it is troo prog unlike tool the mars volta and posewr bands like that i wish they were popular here in stead of those stppid bands they should sell out central park like garth brooks that would rule .
 Although not an avid fan of contemporary classical music , I was extremely impressed by Ms. Higdon 's talents for writing for strings and wind instruments . I have read much about her in various articles and magazines and am looking forward to receiving her other cd 's . Would highly recommend for avid classical fans as well as novices . Extraordinary !
 An absolutely wonderful disc that I ca n't stop listening to . Recommended for anyone who likes contemporary chamber music -LRB- mostly flute and strings -RRB- .
 The Rocket Scientists are one of two trendsetting bands at the forefront of the progressive rock movement , founded by and centered around creative mastermind Erik Norlander , keyboard player par excellence and allround musical genius . A glance at the line-up of both groups suggests that saying they are closely linked would be an understatement
 If you happened to have read my recent review on Erik Norlander 's Into the Sunset , then you may have noticed my mention of the Rocket Scientists , who are Los Angelites , Erik Norlander - keyboards and Mark McCrite - guitar/vocals , who , on this album added guest musicians Tommy Amato - drums , Neil Citron - guitar , Greg Ellis - percussion , Tony Franklin - bass , Lana Lane - vocals -LRB- who has some 10 albums to her credit -RRB- , Arjen Anthony Lucassen - guitar -LRB- who has some 9 albums to his credit -RRB- , and Don Schiff - BassRocket Scientists music is heavy melodic progressive rock / metal with some subservient vocal passages from McCrite and Lane . Lane of course is Norlander 's wife and he usually backs her on her projects . The rest of the guest musicians have all guested on one or more of A. A. Lucassen 's projects -LRB- Ayreon , Ambeon and Space Metal -RRB- , thus giving this album an Ayreonesque sound , sans the Sci-fi/Fantasy themes.Highlight SongsFirst track , `` Dark Water Part Three '' , is a short instrumental that segues into `` Aqua Vitae '' , a very accessible catchy number that , except for it 's 6:28 length , would fit at home on the radio . McCrite 's voice is understated but quite pleasant . `` Oblivion Days '' is a treat ! Originally written by Norlander for ELP , they broke up before they could record it , so here it is . It has a slow chugging beat with McCrite 's vocals and some really excellent keyboard and guitar playing within the somewhat bombastic attitude . `` Space
 Of the two Rocket Scientists albums that I own this one is my favorite . The band is billed on the album as just a duo of Eric Norlander and Mark McCrite although 1st album member Don Schiff and Dave Amato appear on most of the tracks . Also on hand is bassist Tony Franklin -LRB- Blue Murder , The Firm , Whitesnake -RRB- , Arjen Anthony Lucassen -LRB- better known as Ayreon -RRB- and Norlander 's wife Lana Lane . Overall this album has a much heavier feel than their previous one with the band leaning towards heavy metal on a lot of this disc . Some people did not like this direction , but for me I think it really works . The album really starts out strong with the first 3 tracks `` Dark Water Part Three
 After the album `` Brutal Architecture '' , an album softly and complex , the project Rocket Scientist formed by Mike McCrite and Eric Norlander , one of the best keyboard players -LRB- maybe the best -RRB- of this age , made this extraordinary piece of heavy symphonic rock . Al the songs are excellents , very melodic , powerfull and a high quality in the music . This album have influence of ELP -LRB- Tarkus , Trilogy -RRB- , Rush , Ayreon -LRB- the highlight in this album was the inclusion of other master music player , Arjen - Mr Ayeron-Lucassen -RRB- , a bit of King Crimson and Alan Parsons Project and , of course , new elements.My rating to this album
 What else is there to say . The 3 Hanks all on one cd . Nothing better then that . this CD Rules .
 This Cd has a HDCD and my main player has a problem with that . It wo n't play . I did play it in the car and on my blu ray player and it sounds great!The Hanks are the best !
 Enjoyed this CD despite the fact it 's a relatively limited selection.But to hear the THREE Hanks together on a few of the tracks is just golden.If you 're like me and consider HANK WILLIAMS the best country music artist of all time -- well , this CD is a must.To hear the mixing to give updated technology backing up the original Hank on a few of these tracks is priceless.And here 's some kudos for Hank III who shows he can be pure oountry-throwback when he wants to be . Good stuff.A bit pricey -LRB- new -RRB- for the limited selection but true Hanks fans , do n't let that stop you ... HANK
 This item was purchased for a gift . Recipient says it is a great cd ! If you love the Three Hanks , you 'll love this cd .
 I received the CD in within time frame given . Great CD and a good experience . Love buying through Amazon . Very happy with the purchase .
 This is an excellent CD . The production is top of the line , the songs are great . I highly recommend this CD . I was n't a huge fan of Hank Sr , but I 've liked Hank Jr since the 70 's . Do n't know much about the 3rd , but on this CD he 's great .
 This album was not a ploy for a great marketing scheme , as it has n't gained much popularity . Infact , most country music fans do n't know of this album . As true fans of the William 's Trio know , Shelton William -LRB- Hank 3 -RRB- highly despises mainstream Nashville and the Grand Ol' Opry . Shelton has tried repeatedly to re-instate his grandfather back in the opry , he is on his own with is brand of music he generates with his bands such as The Damn Band and Assjack . He pays tribute to greats like Dale Watson and the likes . The story behind this album was not to make money or gain popularity on Nashville 's music row but to pay off a huge child support debt for which he was served papers on stage during a concert . So in order to come up with a large amount of money in a short period time he sold his soul and blinded himself under the Nashville city lights and recorded Three Hanks . It 's not exactly the best album , it 's recorded way too loud and fast , and even though Shelton William and Hank William sound a little alike , you ca n't tell who is who because they have the senior Hank dubbed way to softly , and Hank Jr is so off key and awful along side his son .
 We find the product exactly what we wanted . Great CD , to have all three on one album .
 Following the footsteps this man has to follow in ca n't be easy , but he has his own natural talent . He is one of my all time favs .
 This project began as a way to get Hank III `` on record '' by pairing him with his father , Hank Jr. and his long-dead granddad , Hank Sr. . Cute idea , and would not have meant much except that Hank III is a budding artist of exceptional promise , and Hank Jr. still has what it takes , and Hank Sr. is well , Hank Sr. , and his songs are still great no matter who does what to them , and the producer , Chuck Howard , must be a genius . This album is so much fun to hear , and holds up well after repeated exposure . Wisely , the younger Hanks left Senior 's greatest songs alone ... they do n't take a stab at `` You Win Again '' or `` Cold Cold Heart '' or `` I 'm So Lonesome I Could Cry . '' They instead select `` I Wo n't Be Home No More '' and nail it in the best version I 've ever heard . They also perform `` I 'll Never Get Out of This World Alive '' and `` Men With Broken Hearts '' , `` Lost Highway '' and `` Never Again Will I Knock on Your Door '' in killer renditions . Hank Jr. sings `` Hand Me Down '' , a poignant song of his own about a note his father left him that he did n't discover until he was grown . Even if the song is not literally true , it is wonderfully done . This turned out to be a nice mixture of moods and tempos , and the voices of the three Hanks are just different enough . Do n't pay the extra-high price for the IMPORT version , but if you can find this at the cost of a normal U.S. CD , you wo n't regret it .
 I was raised listening to both Hank Williams 's honky tonk sound and Hank Jr 's pure outlaw sound . I love both . I was pleased to hear that Hank Jr. and Hank III were working together to honor the music of the Williams family . I love Hank Jr 's heart felt , `` Hand Me Down '' and Hank III 's duet with his grandfather , who he looks and sounds so much like . In `` Hand Me Down '' Hank says , talking about a note his father left him , about when it came time to pass the torch to the next generation , `` Teach him all of your songs and how his Gradaddy moans and tell that boy to hand me down . '' Well , Hank certainly did that . Hank III learned how his Grandaddy moaned and can do it , just as well . I think it 's only fitting that the three of these men sing `` Move It On Over . '' When Hank Jr. did it , it was like he was telling his father that it was his turn , now Hank III seems to be saying it to his father and grandfather . This was a great album , paying tribute to one of the premier families in country music . Well done !
 Once again , it 's proved that the music of the elder Hank is timeless . Overdubbed -LRB- yes , you purists will hate it ! -RRB- with `` new '' country backing with the added voices of Jr. & III . The real treat , though , is Hank III harmonizing with his grandfather ! If you like Hank , Sr. , you 'll like Hank III . All we need now is for Mercury Nashville to re-release the 60 's albums of Hank , Sr. & Jr. together on CD .
 This is the follow-up to `` There 's A Tear In My Beer '' which now boasts Hank III 's participation . Is it just a gimmick just to have a rather short album featuring three generations of musical talent?Despite its short running time -LRB- about a half-hour -RRB- it shows how dead closely Hank III 's voice resembles Hank William Sr. 's voice . Jr. , on the other hand , does have some good vocals as well and is a great counterpoint to the other two voices of his kin.Two standout tracks on this album are `` Where The Soul Of Man Never Dies '' where the three Hanks plus Miss Audrey Williams have a great little hoedown . Another is the album 's opener `` I 'll Never Get Out Of This World Alive '' . And while I was disappointed with the abbreviated version of `` Lost Highway '' there is a tiny hidden track which is very cute -LRB- is that the daughter of Hank Jr. or III providing the vocals ? -RRB- Could it be genius to having all three Hanks on one album ? Or is it just a mere gimmick just due to its brief running time ? Either way it does sound quite good and is worth a listen now and then . It 's not essential but does work as a nice little tribute to the man in that family who first moaned the blues.Topping this off is the booklet which accompanies the album . If you 're new to the music of the Three Hanks at least you can find the original Hank Williams Sr. tracks and compare them to these remakes . The liner notes provide enough information to help get a start on exploring the Three Hanks ' music further .
 Obviously one can tell right from the start that this is nothing more than a marketing ploy . Hank , Jr. fans will get exposure to III , Hank , Sr. fans will get exposure to not only Hank III , but they will also learn that Jr. has calmed down and became the quintessential country legend that George Jones has became down through the years . But , if nothing else , fans of each diverse artist will want this , so it 's almost a guaranteed sale!Many fans familiar with the Sr. . LP 's of the 60 's may not know what to expect . MGM released two LP 's in that decade heralding a `` recording miracle '' of father and son singing together . Well , what you wound up with was something similar to Liberty 's `` Visual Sound '' stereo with Hank , Sr. in one channel and Hank , Jr. in the other . The Drifting Cowboys faded out with Hank and then Hank , Jr. came into the other channel with his `` band '' and then eventually , Sr. was brought back w / the Drifting Cowboys for Jr. to harmonize-and harmonize he DID NOT !! It was awful-Jr . was so out of key!Of course , by 1989 , recording technologies had improved and the `` collaboration '' of Sr. and Jr. on '' < I > There 's A Tear In My Beer < / I > '' -LRB- what an awful title for a song ! -RRB- was not distinguishable that it WAS NOT recorded totally in 1989 . So , due to improved technologies , this was put forth as a new effort at updating the classic Hank , Sr. style.Hank , Sr. shines through on anything done on here as does Jr. . Hank III in many cases seems as if though he 's trying to be a cross between Sr. and Tim McGraw and his stuff does n't always work well . '' < I > Moanin ' The Blues < / I > '' comes off as a Western Swing type number , '' < I > Move It On Over < / I > '' and '' < I > Honky Tonk Blues < / I > '' come off as rockabilly numbers as they have lended themselves to so well ever since they were recorded . As a matter of fact , rumor has it that '' < I > Move It On Over < / I > '' was the complete inspiration for '' < I > Rock Around The Clock < / I > '' by Bill Haley and his Comets.Hank , Jr 's solo 's work very well and leave no hint of the once wild Southern rocker inflected country/rock singer . Hank III 's one solo , a re-working of Hank , Sr. 's demo '' < I > ` Neath A Cold Grey Tomb of Stone < / I > '' , works very well , though III is a bit nasal in his performance.The standout is the group gospel number complete with Audrey and -LRB- uncredited -RRB- `` Health and Happiness Show '' announcer Grant Turner . The song that does not work is '' < I > Men With Broken Hearts < / I > '' . It becomes painfully obvious that the recording technology of 1949 does n't equal that of today 's . It would sound as if Hank , Sr. phoned in his part over a bad connection -LRB- he must 've been using my phone company-BPS communications ! -RRB- and plus the fact that Hank III butchers this one to no end-you 'll be glad when it 's over.The edited take of '' < I > Lost Highway < / I > '' is somewhat non-sensical . I would have preferred to have had a whole overdubbed version of it myself , but so it goes.If you like any of the three , this is a must have . It offers a perspective on Hank differently than any other compilation and is quite entertaining . You wo n't be disappointed .
 The first one I received had really bad scratchy sounds in the background of every song . I sent it back and Amazon made it easy to return and get another one . The second one has very faint scratchy sounds in some of the songs -LRB- possibly from incorporating the original Hank songs -RRB- , but it 's a really good CD at a really good price and I 'm glad I have it .
 This is a great record . I never realized what a fine singer Hank Jr. is . It 'll break your heart . I love it . All three Hanks are true American artists who understand what sufferin ' is all about .
 Awesome Country Music From Past & Present , If You Like Hank Williams Buy This CD . Every Track Is A Gem & The CD Has Been Compiled Brilliantly Combining The 3 Hanks , Well Done .
 EXCELLENT !!! The way they compiled these 3 great voices together is a miracle !!! The sound is simply `` awesome '' . One Hank will sing a part , then another Hank will sing another part , and so on . These are re-mixed upbeat Rock versions of these Hank William 's Classics . This cd contains the classic `` Men with Broken Hearts '' - everyone should hear this song before they die . This is simply a poetic masterpiece , and this 3 Hank 's version is `` awesome '' . This is `` required '' listening for any Hank fan !!! I 've seen Hank Jr. perform live and he is great . Thanks and may God Bless !!!
 this is a pretty good album , ive had it since it came out , its really neat to hear all three together as if ' hank sr was still with us ... but i do agree i think its just ok ... but then again some of these songs can give me chills at times . just thinking the what if 's ya know what i mean ... i like it fine . and hand me down is one of the best , on here and men with broken hearts is my favorite by any hank williams , and for sure by hirman hank williams sr. a fan of the williams family
 Start to finish , it 's like Judas Priest on steroids and a singer that is so over the top on his highs it 's like a banshee having a seizure . The music is heavy , catchy and intricate and his vocals soar over it all making it ten times more intense and fun , yes fun to listen to . Some disagree and think his vocals are TOO OTT but it all comes down to personal opinion . It 's like a metal opera that is very dramatic . It can go from vengeance to a very emotional state from song to song and it takes you on a journey . You know those crazy Italians . They 're intense in everything they do and it is all over this cd . I bought this purely because I thought the cover was ridiculously awesome . I mean , a centurion holding a pump action sawed off shotgun ? Sold .
 The High Ceilings is a great band . Max Heinegg is a musical genius . I recommend all thier albums .
 I think the other reviewer has got this one confused with another twinkle album . Alot of their cd 's are average , but this is hands down the best one ! With a dread punch heavy enough to knock down the walls of Babylon . Seriously I think that guy has his Twinkles mixed up . Check out the review in the `` Reggae Rough Guide '' by Steve Barrow . They also say it is their best . Their other Virgin release `` Praise Jah '' is also good , but has a alot of weak tunes , whereas this one smokes from start to finish . With a distinct style , soulful & organic . And check out their trademark trippy almost si-fi snyth . If you only get one Twinkle Brothers get this one .
 This CD is BEAUTIFUL from start to finish ! It has a very hypnotic-cOsmic vibration that had my head nodding involuntarily ! Some of the cosmic noises in the tracks are so funky that I jumped up out of my chair in amazement like the Atl Falcons finally scored a d #mn touchdown !!! This is the greatest reggae CD I bought in 2006-hands down ! If you can appreciate a reggae sound different than - Most - of what you hear & a soulful vibration that will transport you to the seashore under the moonlit skies of Negril with a Jamaican fruit punch in one hand & your `` G '' in the other , then grab this CD & judge for ya-self ! I was Only dissapointed that I had n't gotten it sooner!Bless - Up Ya-self !
 When I first listened to this CD , I was not really impressed . I listened to it again later that evening after becoming enlightened and I heard something totally different . This is some of the best roots reggae I 've heard in a while . I never heard any other Twinkle Bros albums , but this is full of heavy hypnotic rhythms and really cool drumming . The strange noises that caller # 1 addressed are really not that annoying and they 're only on a few tunes . Put this disc on a stero with some half decent speakers , it 's really jamming .
 This Twinkles Brothers release keeps the roots reggae vibe of the 70 's going strong into the 80 's . In general , the songs are up-tempo with a touch R&B / gospel - somewhat like Third World , but without as much studio gloss . Fits in well with same-era Burning Spear , Itals , and Wailing Souls . Standout tracks are ` Never Get Burned ' and ` Since I Threw the Comb Away . '
 It 's beyond language , of course . A Japanese singer and Italian twins plays French songs in New York - it would have to be , really . Yet although it would certainly be in keeping with Blonde Redhead 's art abstractions to leave a blank space in tribute to this record , those of us less prone to wordless transcendence would like that opportunity to say , `` What the hell was that ? '' For all their reputation as Sonic Youth 's more humorless offspring - and God , that 's REALLY working hard at not smiling - the first track here makes you wonder if they 've missed an `` I '' out of their first name . `` En Particulier '' -LRB- the French version of `` In Particuler '' from their last album `` Melody ... '' -RRB- is nothing less than cubist Blondie , Kazu Makino lullabying through a glass-hearted rapture that 's almost , ALMOST , like pop . This is followed by the Italian version of the any-storm-in-a-port `` Hated Because of Great Qualities '' , a gauzy , unsettling flutter through Serge Gainsbourg 's `` Slogan '' , and a music-box remix of `` For the Damaged . '' All excellent , all as clear as mud . Yet through all the scrambled syntax , the encrypted emotions , they 're always discussing the possibilities , and most preciously , reminding you what they are . So go on , go mad . Namecheck Pasolini . Speak five languages . Title a song called `` Four Damaged Lemons . '' An remember , it 's only pretentious if it does n't work
 This ep is awesome , its has kazu singing in French , italian , and english . And the third song , sung by amedeo is soo beautiful , even if i ca n't understand it . Just get this now !!!
 It 's not what to buy if you 're looking for a sing along , but anyone who buys Blonde Redhead probably is n't looking for such an album anyway . You COULD sing with it if you know Italian and French or have a lot of time and patience.The melodies , as usual , are haunting . The two new songs are quite catchy . Chi E E Non E will , I guarantee , be stuck in your head all day . Slogan is a real foot-tapper . The remix of For the Damaged is beautiful but tends to last a little too long . The run-together Italian words in ` Odiata ' will first make you smile and then make you wish you knew Italian , because it would be really fun to be able to sing with it.Buy this album if you already love B.R. It 's a good price , and you wo n't be disappointed , especially with Chi E and Slogan .
 This music is beautiful ! By far Blonde Redhead 's best work . I 'll admit I 'm a sucker for a song in a foriegn language , but I think Blonde Redhead just sounds better in French and Italian . The songs in English are good too ... you ca n't hide a great melody with any language . I saw them play a few of these songs in english at their Coney Island show last summer . I 'd love to find this one on vinyl , as cds are worthless plastic copies . Music this great makes it worth the price at least this time though .
 Yasunori Mitsuda shines once again , with this stunning rearrangement of the Xenogears sountrack . . IMHO , this CD can hardly be called an arrangement to a Video Game , because it takes on a mood all of it 's own . All of the soundtracks on this CD are fully orchestrated , and several of them are even vocalized.Altogether , Yasunori Mitsuda has taken ten of the most beautiful tracks from Xenogears , and given them a celtic or worldly feeling . Dazil , the theme of the desert city , now has some haunting distant vocals , with an electric guitar belting out the main theme . Lahan -LRB- one of the most memorable town themes -RRB- has been given a very festive feel , as the song grows more celebratory with each cord.This CD can be loved by everyone , I 've played it for some of my friends who dislike video games , and they to have quickly become fans . If I was being forced to choose the best soundtrack arrangements , Creid would certainly be competing for first .
 Okay , to first start out , if you are n't into this sort of genre of music -LRB- or if you are n't vaguely familiar with the epic saga that is Xenogears -RRB- , then you might want to consider other options before buying this piece . Packed with a ton of the music from the game , the CD 's recording quality is enough to give RPGers that warm , fuzzy feeling of nostalgia all over again . Everything from Lahan to id is in this package , and it 's well worth the somewhat high price . A wonderful compliment to possibly the greatest game out there .
 Ok , so maybe that 's not the greatest analogy , `` Kind of Blue '' being jazz and this being ... completely different , but as it can be considered among the best of jazz , `` Creid '' can easily be considered up there with the best of VGM . It is , as another reviewer said , an acquired taste . But once you get into it , mmm boy . Every song on here , without exception , is a masterpiece , blending all kinds of different textures and styles along with the great melodies of Xenogears to create something that is truly heavenly . It also features two vocal songs from the Xenogears OST , except sung in Japanese , which IMO makes them sound even better . You need to hear this album , even if you 've never been a fan of VGM or have never heard of Xenogears . I 'm serious .
 Great album , inspired by Xenogears but essentially a standalone album . It 's essentially Celtic music at times , but varies quite a bit.Here 's the track list , since Amazon did n't translate .1 . Melkaba2 . Two Wings3 . Balto4 . Creid5 . Dajil6 . Stairs of Light7 . June Mermaid8 . Spring Lullaby9 . Lahan10 . Mebius
 I picked up this album without knowing what was really in it . I liked Xenogears , I liked music by Mitsuda . But this album combined the Xenogears songs and the magnitude of Mitsuda 's work into a rather lively , fluid , and beautifully rendered celtic-themed album . All the songs from first track to last is filled with celtic-style renditions of the game 's songs at their best . And all the low-quality midi voices you heard in the game has been turned into a glorious vocal performance on this album . Every tune seemed to have a life of its own , making this album have a unique personality . The only flaw I found was a rather repetitious feel of every song and that there were n't enough tracks on this album . But this album is certainly worth picking up .
 We have 9 of T.C 's CD 's , and each one is a favorite for late night relaxation and good listening . Gave 2 to a friend who was in hospital for 5 days . They made her stay very tolerable and she has n't given them back . My massage lady plays them in her massage rooms and has had many requests from her clients . Very unusual sounds . I highly recommend any of his CD 's . He has a new one , `` Live at Sydney Opera House '' . Wish that I had been there . Tony and his wife are two very talented people .
 Since I have all of Tony O'Connor 's CDs , there are tracks on each that I prefer . On Kakadu , I really enjoy track 3 with the Aboriginal digerdoo . His ability to transport one to the environment about which he is `` making music '' is amazing .
 Recently I saw the famous cello-rock band Rasputina play at Gabe 's in Iowa City , Iowa . I thought I was going to have to go to the show alone , because of all my friends nobody really likes Raspy enought to pay for the ticket . However , my boyfriend Josh decided to suck it up and go with me so I would n't have to be alone . He was determined that he was going to have a bad time , and that I would `` owe him '' for making him come to the show so I would n't be bored waiting for the bands to start.Things could n't have been more different . Hillstomp opened for Rasputina , and they stole the show . Josh and I were both really surprised . Their music is AWESOME . I have two words for you , and they are WASHERBOARD and SPOONS . Put them together , and you 've got reason to love Hillstomp . They sound really vintage and have a lot of personality . By the second song , everyone in the crowd , even the disaffected hipsters , were stamping and clapping along.For Josh 's birthday , I bought him THE WOMAN THAT ENDED THE WORLD . We both listened to it and agreed that it 's a great record that captures Hillstomp 's lively flesh-and-blood performing . I would recommend it to anyone who likes blues , bluegrass , or likes a good vintage sound .
 Absolute perfection ... unique in their niche in the NW blues community , Hillstomp 's punk/blues influence will appeal to a broad base of fans . Keep an eye on these guys as they are a largely -LRB- as of now -RRB- undiscovered talent ... better yet , go see them live ... Weber BBQs and pickle buckets for percussion ? Oh yeah ...
 Ive beaten Final Fantasy 7 , so I know every song on here by heart . Most of the songs are spectacular , expecially J-E-N-O-V-A and One Winged Angel . If any of you have played Kingdom Hearts before , and battled Sephiroth at the coliseum , you may hear a familiar soundtrack in the background ... YES ! Thats One Winged Angel ! So thats where Cloud got his wing ! Also , when you 're in the library at Hollow Bastion on Kingdom Hearts and in the Red Room at the beggining of the game -LRB- The clip where Aerith -LSB- AERITH !? YES WE KNOW AERIS DIED BUT AERITH !? -RSB- is talking to Donald and Goofy , because Sora hasnt even met them yet . -RRB- , if you listen closely , it will be playing Aeris 's theme ... or at least it did on my game . My favorite song on this disc esides JENOVA would be Mambo de Chocobo . It reminds me og riding the chocobo in FFVII ... ah yes , I had a gold chocobo !
 If you buy it then you should skip to the last two.Aeriths Theme and One Winged Angel in full orchestra alone is worth the price of this album.But if you are a real FF7 fan then I recommend that you take a look at the full collection.But if you do n't have enough to spend then buy this one . The 3 songs are worth it and and some of the others are catchy if you relate them to the game .
 Most of the tracks on this CD are also on the OST , and have n't been changed in any way . But , the FF7 main theme , Aeris 's Theme , and One Winged Angel have been orchestrated and performed by a real orchestra . The orchestrations are all great , although the moving piano solo at the beginning of Aeris ' Theme is accanpanied by other instruments , ruining it slightly . Other than that , it 's GREAT ! The FF7 Main Theme sounds incredibly majestic when performed by a real orchestra , and it sounds much better than the OST version , as does the orchestration of One Winged Angel . A full chorus and real instruments makes OWA the best piece of game music ever performed !
 I bought this game nearly 5 years ago not knowing what to expect.The graphics and gameplay were superb but most of all was the the music.I was really taken by the theme tune to Aries theme which broke my heart while playing this game but on this cd it is re done beautifily which im glad of because we have a daughter named after the sad scene in FFVII we did call her Aries.This cd is brill if you love FFVII as I did also the other tracks are execllent to this is a must buy cd even though I enjoyed the last track the most .
 The best game music ever made . Beautifully composed , masterfully written .
 A must-buy and I love Cosmo Canyon music !
 First off , some basic info
 If you 're thinking of buying the soundtrack to Final Fantasy VII , get this album and no other . If you 've played through the game you 'll find that most , if not all , the songs you 'd want to keep are in it . Most noteworthy , and the real reason why anyone would buy this album , are the final three tracks.I 'm no collector of video game music , but the quantum leap in emotion and quality that was derived from merely translating a MIDI format song to pure orchestration definitely warranted at the very least my applause.The orchestrated main theme starts of with a subtle pizzicato that captures the moment you -LRB- as Cloud Strife -RRB- step outside of Midgar and be thrust into a huge new world . The feelings of wonder , excitement , adventure , and brooding darkness that is the Final Fantasy VII experience are truly expressed in this rich composition.One-Winged Angel is much more dark and powerful in this rendition . The choir did not have as much `` oomph '' as I wished but they nevertheless were spellbinding . To be true to the composition the horrible `` cartoony '' portions were still played , though somewhat compensated with not only excellent orchestration , but a few added parts by the vocals and instruments.As good as the last two discussed tracks were , the most heart-wrenching and emotionally rending piece is the orchestrated Aeris ' Theme . It starts with the piano notes that captured us in the game , then gets richer -LRB- albeit a bit repetitive -RRB- as the notes are played by different instruments . Still , absolutely beautiful and masterfully translated . Good job , Uematsu-san .
 ... because that 's all you need to hear . Absolutelyincredible . Aeris ' Theme , The Overworld Theme and the most evilvillian music ever - One Winged Angel have all been arranged to a fullorchestra.The rest of the tracks are just mediocre in comparison , but the OST to VII was solid anyway , so they 're good to hear.Butunfortunately , unlike the Final Fantasy VIII Arranged album -LRB- which isalso sold on amazon ... GET IT -RRB- , 90 % of these tracks are old and justrecycled off the original soundtrack . If you 're a diehard fan and mustown everything , get it ... those three songs are incredible . If youthink paying -LSB- this much -RSB- for three songs is too much , well - then passon this one .
 I know what you 're thinking , you 're reading all these reviews trying to tell if you should buy this C.D. Well , there are 19 tracks including a hidden one that you must get by going to track 1 and rewind it until the timer says about -4:30 and it 's actually a instrumental version of `` One-Winged Angel '' -LRB- by instrumental I mean it does n't have the chorus singing in the backround -RRB- , So actually you have two different versions of `` One-Winged Angel '' . But the last three tracks really are worth the money ! All the reviews are right about that ! The other tracks are like a nice , little bonus !
 This `` Best of '' CD is comprised of many themes from Final Fantasy VII , released on the Playstation . Most of the songs are directly ported from the game itself and , while some probably could have used a live orchestral treatment , they hold up decently . The last three tracks that are real orchestrations are very nice , though . You 've got the Main Theme , which just sounds incredibly lush and powerful . You 've got Aeris ' Theme , which is still a touching and somewhat haunting melody . And you 've got the most awe-inspiring final battle theme ever in the form of One Winged Angel.I 'm not kidding . I vividly remember that final confrontation with the evil Sephiroth and hearing all of the Latin choir voices shouting his name over timpani drums . It 's easily one of the greatest video game tunes ever produced .
 I must say , those last three songs are incredible . They breathe brand new life into those songs that we 're so familiar with . It makes you wish they had done the same thing with all of them -LRB- especially the final video scenes . The MIDI just does n't cut it ! It sounds way too lame for FMV . -RRB- It 's a big let down to see that most of the songs are just synthesized . They sound just like the stuff that comes out of your PlayStation or computer.Anyway , if you 're in love with FF7 , you 'll still like this CD . Listening to some of these songs will bring back fond memories of the game . It 's a great feeling , and that , coupled with the orchestrated songs , justifies the high price .
 I have read some of the reviews but theres nothing negitive about it . Simply outstanding I would rather listen to the music I had while playing the game rather then the music being changed slightly . Its so nostelgic . Its best to of played the game cause u know what piece is from which part in the game Simply FANTASTICsumed up simply the best money can buy to company the -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- the best Final fantasy game released `` Simply the Best better then all the rest ''
 This collection contains some of the greatest tracks and new orchestrated ones as well . I enjoyed this and felt that it was worth the investment . My favorite track was the `` One-Winged Angel '' and another was `` Aeris ' Theme '' .
 Barbara Harbach 's review in `` Women of Note Quarterly '' reads -LRB- in part -RRB-
 Up until now I have never heard of Gabriela Montero . I recently discovered her this weekend when I was rummaging through the cd bins at my library and came across her BAROQUE ALBUM . Curiousity got me and I took the cd home with me . I have to admit I thought I was going to hear some operatic singing but much to my surprise -LRB- and delight -RRB- , what I got was 52 minutes of sumptuous piano music that was a mix of classical and improvisational jazz . I definitely could hear the improvisational skills of Gabriela tinkling the ivory keys while staying true to the songs ' intricate melodies . I think Gabriela does an excellent job in interpretating these timeless baroque songs with her style of pieno playing . My only minor gripe is that her version of `` Canon '' was a tad too quiet . I had to turn up the volume of my stereo to really hear the grand beauty of the song . I kinda felt the same way about `` Adagio '' however the song was not as subtle in volume . Despite this minor flaw , I felt the album is still worthy enough for five stars . I found the music to be very relaxing to listen to . I definitely will be checking out Gabriela 's other albums .
 Gabriela Montero 's Baroque album shows how a young but accomplished and imaginative artist can shed more light on Baroque composers and their music . I was totally astonished . Improvisation with classical music is not new in the sense that this has been done in the jazz idiom . Transcriptions such as Lizt 's are not improvisations but adaptations . Montero 's work for piano , however , is not only new but in doing this she shows courage and determination in what she believes . As well , her improvisations are spontaneous and therefore different from one public concert performance to another . This Venezualan artist adds a South American combined with a jazz flavour to her playing which is irresistable . I learned of Montero through listening to her in a live radio broadcast on a show called Studio Sparks in Ottawa , Canada , CBC Radio , hosted by Eric Friesen.David Erickson , Gatineau , Quebec , Canada
 She 's a marvel.I like baroque music but the she makes listening a complete and total joy .
 If you have enjoyed Montero 's other 2 improv albums this one will be no disappointment . She has once again astounded me with her ability to maintain the structure and essence of the original works , yet bring her own personal flair to each of them by successfully integrating some of her major influences -LRB- Rachmaninoff , Chopin , etc -RRB- . She is an original and so is her musical style . Its the kind of Album that one can listen to again and again and hear something new every time ! Her treatment of Albinoni 's Adagio and Pachabel 's Canon are stunning . Plus she covers all of Vivaldi 's seasons ! Wonderful .
 Need a treat , a classical music improvisation treat on the piano ? Well , here it is . This is a really beautiful recording . I am listening to Albinoni and Bach and Handel and Vivaldi all spun just slightly differently by this astonishingly talented pianist , Gabriela Montero.Sometimes when Glenn Gould was playing he would hum along to the music . And he 'd be so carried away with himself well , he 'd hum louder . In some recordings his humming is quite audible and I hate to say , distracted me from his brilliant playing -- there are some recordings of Bach by him that I ca n't listen to anymore on account of the humming . Gabriela is also carried away with the beauty of the music but has the self-control that Gould did not.This recording is dated last year . It 's new and it 's fresh . It 's got a haunting lovely thoughtful and thought-provoking introspection about it . The recording quality is excellent with the piano deep and flawless.This pianist plays with superb technical alacrity and a deep emotional connection to her art . She is a serious treat to listen to , and while slightly lighter in intensity than some of the originals that she is improvising on , her own art makes it all seem new again.These kind of recordings with a newly discovered artist , at least to me , is something that fills my heart with a new joy . Like discovering a new favorite wine or a new author or a new artist , Montero grabs you and leads down a beautiful path of sound and spirit and feeling . Rarely has the piano sounded so clean and crisp than on this beautiful recording.Plaudits to Gabriela Montero and also to her producer David Groves for doing such a superb job capturing her playing so finely.So , do you need a new piano treat ? Do you need a new take on lots of old baroque standards by a superb artist and technician ? Well , here it is . Montero is a superb technical pianist , she is flawless from what I have heard in this recording . There is some modern sensibilities thrown into these baroque pieces by the masters but in these new incarnations they work quite well as new pieces in their own right . Imagine Vince Guaraldi mixed in with some Handel or Scarlatti ; imagine the airy piano of George Winston , and the accuracy and power of Gould . It 's all here for you to find.I hope that you enjoy this beautiful recording as much as I do .
 EMI Classics presents `` BAROQUE ALBUM '' -- Gabriela Montero in her album comments that she sees the joy of the public 's involvement in the music at her concerts -- She has brought improvisation to the concert stage reminding us of the freedom and disembodiment that was always shared and promoted by the great composers of the past when they allowed themselves to ` just fly . ' -- They were not so concerned with being ` perfect . ' -- but were just honest and outspoken voices defending their need to express thru sound and meaning.Montero covers the main themes of all four Vivaldi Seasons in three separate improvisations , and the `` Hallelujah Chorus '' gets a surprising little treatment that might be by Leroy Anderson -- especially liked her improvisations on two favorite Baroque themes
 I was on the fence between giving 4 stars or 5 , because the first two selections just are not a great fit for the rest of the album . -LRB- The second selection makes me think of Vince Guaraldi 's music for Charlie Brown . -RRB- Since I found it Stunning what Ms. Montero can do with such overdone works like the Palchelbel and Albinoni , I had to give it 5 Stars.Like a warm bath - It gives you a more Sensuous Side of Baroque .
 I 've not heard Gabriela before I listened to this album . It didnt take me more than a single listening to conclude that this is not a usual classical album , nor is it Jazz improvisation ... it is something divine . . it gives a certain peace of mind , a certain surprise , a certain happiness listening to Gabriela 's improvisations . Simply fantastic ! Its only a few hours since I 've know this great artist and Im a already her fan ! Fantastic album ! Album 's like these can not be rated by stars .
 I was introduced to Gabriela Montero 's music via pubic radio when Vivaldi : Spring was aired , track # 13 from this Baroque album . Much like spring , her improvisation seemed to be a breath of fresh morning air , something new , vibrant , unique - but unique in a good way - uplifting . So I placed it on my ` wish list ' for a Christmas gift exchange at work , and after a few months of delay , the CD arrived . Good things definitely worth waiting for.The CD exceeded my expectations , I thoroughly enjoyed it ! The first two tracks are lively sounding jazz-like interpretations . Others have commented that Gabriela imitates Vince Guaraldi stylistically and that is evident on these two tracks as well as track # 9 , the Bach prelude . Track 6 features melody from Handel 's Hallelujah Chorus but re-done in what sounds like a rag . Who could imagine the Hallelujah Chorus dressed in rag time ?!? Yet the versatile Montero pulls it off . She also demonstrates a much deeper , delicate , soft side using Pachelbel 's Canon . She executes her phrases flawlessly , demonstrating various degrees of pianos , pianissimos , fortes and fortissimos - not with gratuitous showmanship but rather artistic purpose . Her rendition of Handel 's Sarabande -LRB- track 4 -RRB- sounds as though it were influenced by Bach himself ! A marvelous work of improvisation . All that said my favorite is track 14 , Vivaldi
 Congratulations to Gabriela Montero for develop a great experience and enjoy on some Baroque themes , excellent fluid improvisations . Not only an Excellent Piano player but a great musician Gabriela is . I think we like to hear more new music creations than more interpretations . I hope to enjoy more music creations like this CD from Montero and from others with this amazing talent .
 This CD contains 13 of Montero 's imaginative improvisations with two tracks of her own compositions . These are good to listen to and illustrate the ingenuity of her creativity . However , I have heard better illustrations of her talents in some of the postings on YouTube - like the Variations on ` Happy Birthday ' she created for one of the instrumentalists in the Venezuelan Simon Bolivar Orchestra and the improvisations on ` Do n't Cry for Me Argentina ' requested by a member of her audience . Her music is always worth listening to and I would like to hear more of her playing some classical music as written , as she did on her first CD , because she has a lovely touch.Gabriela Montero
 La belle V&eacute;n&eacute;zuellienne s ` est fait connatre en trois disques d'improvisations tr&egrave;s achev&eacute;s ; son Baroque est des plus color&eacute;s ; son Bach sort de l'incontournable Jacques Lousier des ann&eacute;es ' 60 ... . Touch&eacute;e par la Grce , il faut la voir dans les clips sur UTube , sifloter trois notes puis les d&eacute;cliner dans une multitude de trouvailles musicales totalement d&eacute;brid&eacute;es ; Mozart , Ludwig Van B. et d'autres faisaient &agrave; tr&egrave;s bien
 There may be some who disagree with the idea of this album being a bonafide classic , but I feel it ranks among the best of the Gladiators work . Just to listen to a song like ` Let Jah Be Praised ' feels good . The title track is hot , as is ` Red Green and Gold ' . Really there 's nothing on the album I do n't like , just some more than others . Excellent reggae , on par with ` Trenchtown Mix Up ' or ` Proverbial Reggae ' .
 If your a Morrillo fan then this CD has tons of awesome tracks to keep you moving all night .
 This long awaited dedut from Erick Morillo has finally arrived . Erick does something most DJs can not or will not do ... write their own material & he succeeds . The colaboration with the Audio Bullys are sure to become classics as well as the colaboration with P.Diddy . I had my doubts about P.Diddy being on this album and I wondered what he would bring to it . Let me just say the tracks are awesome and P.Diddy certainly bring his own flavor to the table and it certainly works . This album is fun , flawless and a rocking good time . If you care about quality dance music then this has to be a part of your collection.As far as the mix goes ... 5 stars . Erick offers 3CD full of the best in House and Tech House . This mix offers some great music . Some of the best House I have heard.My World is certainly worth your hard earned buck . Not only do you get a great `` artist debut '' album but you also get a 3CD mix full of deafening music .
 This 4-disc set defines the best HOUSE music out at the moment.If you want to see the best of what this man can do , go see him LIVE , it will probably change your aspect of what this music is about
 Erick Morillo really dropped his best here . The first cd is not mixed but its all original productions done by Erick himself . He shows his real talaent by the original productions with 2 tracks with P.Diddy . The next 3 cd 's -LRB- one of them a bonus disc not realeased in the U.K. -RRB- these 3 cds are mixed and show Ericks talent.If ya dont have a Morillo cd or never heard him live and love house music this it . KEEP ROCKING THOSE BEATS ERICK !!!!!!!
 If you like Erick Morillo , then is is the set you should buy , some older stuff and some of his new stuff , 4 CD 's of pure pleasure !! ENJOY !!!
 Morillo is the house music king ! If u like house music this is a must !!
 This compliation of Mighty Diamonds is good , not great , but good.Offering a versatile look at many of their songs , Bodyguard , 400 years , Diamonds & Pearls , and many more are all fluent and acccompany the dubs which are standard at best . Its a good album for beginners or those who really love MDs music .
 This is an excellent follow-up score to TOY STORY . Randy Newman does it yet again for Walt Disney Pictures & PIXAR . And once again , Walt Disney Pictures has crafted a wonderful story with top-notch animation and a stellar cast . The positive messages about friendship and the importance of family are even stronger this go-round . Buy the TOY STORY movies AND the soundtracks . They complement each other .
 I 'm not a huge soundtrack fan but this is a good soundtrack . It has all of the vocal songs from the movie along with most of the instrumental stuff . If you liked the music in the movie this would be a good buy .
 Even if the ` Toy Story 2 ' soundtrack is ` nt so entertaining and powerful as the other soundtracks , there is many great tracks like the touching ` When She Loved Me ' , the new version of ` You 've Got A Friend In Me ' , and some good instrumental parts from the movie , like the start sequence , and the chase in the airport .
 Just from hearing excerts from the first five songs has convinced me to purchase the CD . I was n't thrilled with Zurg 's Planet ; but I liked the rest . If the rest of the songs were as good as the first four - you 've got a winner . But , this type of music can be listen to when taking long drives ; driving through traffic ; or just for your kids to relax to . Well , maybe not . My kids are older , 19 & 21 , they will listen while driving , if they were smaller they probably would act out the scenes.Thanks for the sample . Ca n't wait for the CD !
 I saw the movie yesterday and I think it 's was the funniest movie I 've ever seen . I 'm a to since I did n't grab that great song `` You 've Got A Friend In Me '' , the first time around ! THIS MOVIE IS SOOOOO FUNNY I THINK EVERYONE SHOULD SEE IT . It 's so cleverly written and so inventive ! The soundtrack should only be the same .
 I bought this CD for two songs specifically
 Well , I was one of the people who bought the soundtrack before I saw the movie , particularly because I 'm a Sarah Mclachlan fan.I expected this CD to be just like any other cartoon soundtrack album-1 / 2 filled with some kiddy tunes and perhaps a ballad or two , but it turned out that i simply loved it ! The different styles of music , suitable for both the old and the young , and touching rendition -LRB- including the instrumental pieces -RRB- of each song is certainly a good reason to get this soundtrack.Regardless of weather one caught the movie , one would very much like this soundtrack . : -RRB-
 The soundtrack for Disney 's Toy Story 2 is simply beyond all my expectations . Pure entertainment . Happy songs and melodies . Here , there and everywhere all over the entire cd , it 's very easy to find the most joyful , pleasant and funny tracks possible . They really help you to enjoy and to live the magic of the movie itself as you 've never dreamed before . They take you inside the magic . I myself am a fan of Disney movies since childhood and still today I just ca n't miss not even one release and buy all the soundtracks and other Disney stuff . `` Lion King '' and `` Beauty and the Beast '' are my very favorite . Masterpieces . Unforgettable . This particular one has been included in my list too , with honors . For sure , it 's a must-buy . Just like the movie that inspired it .
 First of all , you should know that this is n't a CD with a lot of singing . If you watched the movie , you 'd probably catch onto that because only three songs are sung , and they are all on the CD . The rest is Randy Newman 's awesome fantasy world . Track # 14 is so perfect ... it honestly takes you to another place with its catchy tune which is just as cute and mysterious as `` The Cleaner '' himself . Track # 18 begins with the exciting Woody-the-hero melody blaring in the brass with a bold cowboy sound . It sounds almost like Aaron Copland at times , but with a little toy-flare to it.This CD seriously just makes you smile ! The Sarah McLachlan song in the beginning is probably the saddest song on the CD , but it is absolutely charming and sweet . If you like any of Randy Newman 's instrumental music -LRB- `` Maverick '' and `` A Bug 's Life '' -RRB- , you wo n't be disappointed by this CD . However , if you somehow thought that Woody and company sang songs throughout the movie , you probably wo n't like it . For the rest of you , it 's incredible ! : -RRB-
 This soundtrack is truly a piece of art . Randy Newman has done some great things with this album . `` When She Loved Me '' is a beautiful song that I ca n't help but listen to over and over again . The instrumental part -LRB- which makes up the majority of the album -RRB- is exciting yet very soothing and enjoyable . If you 've seen the movie , and paid any attention to the music at all , the soundtrack is a must . I put it in my CD player , sit back , and relax . I 'll listen to this one for years to come .
 The Toy Story 2 soundtrack , like the film itself , far surpasses the original . Randy Newman , who thankfully leaves the vocalizations to others this time around , has created a score that moves beyond Disney 's easy soundtrack sell of rehashing , ie . variations on the theme of the hoped for Oscar winning ballad . From the eerie percussion of `` Woody 's Dream '' to the playful and slightly Elfman-esque strings of `` The Cleaner , '' Newman offers music that is entertaining even without the accompanying images -- a noteworthy feat for any soundtrack.And speaking of Oscar hopeful songs , Sarah McLachlan 's haunting and painful performance , with the perfect hint of a Jessie `` yodel , '' on `` When She Loved Me '' is beautiful , fragile , and perfectly rendered . This is one of the things an Oscar-nominated song should do -- develop the plot of the film , with lyrical and narrative force , not with adult contemporary radio airplay . And trust me , if Phil were n't so popular , Sarah would be on the radio every five minutes in the dentist 's office , also . But , then , we all know it 's better that she is n't ! What can I say ? This is a great , great soundtrack -- score and songs soar !
 I really like the CD . I am just disappointed that Randy Newman does n't sing the song `` You 've Got A Friend In Me , '' like he does in the first movie of Toy Story . I wish there was a CD movie soundtrack for that movie like there is for the second one .
 During my 9th pregnancy I would have this playing in the car while driving my 4 yr old Woody and 2 yr old Buzz around on errands . After Abby was born I would have to bring her along with us , and the first time she became fussy in the car I started the cassette . As soon as the first note of the first song played , Abby stopped crying . When she was 3 months old we had to drive from VA to New Orleans , and everytime Abby got upset , we had to play it . -LRB- ALOT ! Through several states and back ! -RRB- But it calmed her EVERY TIME ! Now she is 14 months old , and it still soothes her , especially `` When She Loved Me . '' Thanks to all creative forces behind the Toy Story movies !
 Or , more to the point , your ears have a friend in Randy Newman . Granted , his singing leaves a lot to be desired -LRB- he makes Tom Waits sound like Andrea Bocelli -RRB- , but thankfully he leaves the vocalizing to others on this CD . Instead , he focuses all his energy on creating a magical score that takes its cues from various genres -LRB- got ta loves Track Number 4 , which opens similar to `` Also Spach Zarusthra '' from 2001
 My son loves his TS2 cd . We listen to it over . He likes to tell me what part of the movie the songs are for .
 Hastings 1066 is a concept album about a historical event , which is kind of a historical event in itself . It is about , as the title implies , The Battle Of Hastings in 1066 AD between the invading Norman army , led by William the Conquerer , and the predominately Saxon defenders of King Harold II . The battle was very close and circumstances -LRB- like the fact that Harold 's army had fought another major battle two hundred miles away , only nine days previous -RRB- and other events helped William win . In England it is acknowledged as the last time an invading army won.The invasion was apparently precipitated by a broken pledge , whereupon the king previous to Harold II , Edward the Confessor , had promised the throne of England to William I -LRB- William the Conquerer -RRB- when he died . The dying King ostensibly reneged on the deal , eventually resulting the Battle of Hastings , by a royally -LRB- pun intended -RRB- -LSB- angry -RSB- Duke William of Normandy . The good Duke was obviously a poor sport.Now let 's talk about this wonderful musical experience Hastings 1066 and the remarkable band that made this magnificent album.Thy Majestie is a supremely talented group of musicians from Italy . Their musical inclinations , like most young Italian musicians , lie with power metal . If you know anything about heroic power metal you probably know that Italy has more power metal bands than grape vines or so it seems . You also probably know most of the heroic power metal albums being made are concept albums -LRB- those which tell a story -RRB- and , in Italy especially , the story is usually about some fantasy subject . Some popular power metal album titles are as follows
 I am amused to discover at my age , that I can still be a victim of prejudiced thinking where media is considered . As a child of the Sixties , with fairly broad tastes in music , heavy metal was near the top of my `` hate '' list of mindless or shallow `` noise . '' I did n't consider for a moment , that the practitioners of such a bastardized `` form '' of musical expression could be anything more profound than brain damaged hedonists . Interested in HISTORY ? Never ! And if they were , then surely their slant on history would be alien to my own.Then these crazy guys in Italy -LRB- Thy Majestie -RRB- did this themed album about the battle of Hastings . They even had the nerve to call it `` Hastings 1066 '' , which meant that their key words were sharing -LRB- competing with -RRB- mine for my Website on the same subject matter . That kind of annoyed me , and I did n't even give their creation a nod . Until a few months ago , for some reason -LRB- just like the convert to a religion that he has always before despised -RRB- , something I read on the Net got my attention . I decided to give `` Hastings 1066 '' a try . Yeah , the heavy metal parts were overwhelming the first couple of times through . But the mixture of vocals and period thematic music and instrumentals really was very good . Just my kind of stuff . So I endured the heavy metal and came to really enjoy this piece of art . Heavy metal , at least the good stuff , is as musical , and surely as complex , as any other musical genre . In fact , I would go so far as to say that it is THE most complex form of music invented . What I mistook before as an avalanche of mere noise is in fact a huge interweaving of apparently as many kinds of musical sounds as possible . It is tight , methodical , mathematical . If you do n't like the barrage of sound I ca n't help you there . I have come to like it a lot . Now my daughter 's CDs do not drive me off , in fact I listen to them , and I say , `` Hey ! that sounds just like the bit in Hastings 1066 '' . And I realize that I have lately discovered a musical form that has its talented practitioners , and that my daughter with her good taste knows the difference.So yeah , this album is really cool . And I want more , maybe later ...
 I 'm not the kind who knows the story to any of these Italian epic power metal bands . -LRB- I know Holy War by Dragonland , but that 's it , and they 're Swedish . -RRB- It is some sort of battleish story , but that 's all I can tell you without fear of being wrong . The production of the album sounds a lot like that of Highlord or perhaps even Human Fortress . The other band that came to mind was Vision Divine , but not lyrically . The speed , guitars , and style of keyboards used reminds me of Vision Divine . Choir-like voices make certain parts of this album sound identical to something Therion would write . There are a few female-sung lines in this album , but do n't buy this just because of that . This is n't like Beholder or Lacuna Coil , for that matter -LRB- or the reverse of Nightwish -RRB- . The music is faster than Human Fortress , but do n't expect much of this album to be VERY fast . You wo n't hear the REALLY fast paced songs that you hear with Skylark , Labyrinth , Secret Sphere , Beholder , Highlord , or Rhapsody . Most of the songs do qualify as `` fast '' , but they 're not all that much faster than a typical mid-tempo song.Somehow , this band managed to have some guy at Finnvox do the mastering for this album . That puts the production a bit above that of Secret Sphere -LRB- I have only heard `` A Time Never Come -RRB- . The album is 55:29 long and does n't get boring . Although the speed does n't vary much , you keep hearing new sounds.This is n't my favorite , but it 's a very good album . I give this album a solid 4 stars and not 5 because it does n't grab my attention the way Skylark and Dragonland do.I hope I helped you in deciding whether to or not purchase this -LRB- wonderful -RRB- album . If I helped , please say so ! I have a lot of other reviews -LRB- and now , I have my own list here on amazon ! -RRB- , so read them when you get a chance . Type in `` Tunnelvision '' and you should get to the list .
 Yes , Thy Majestie is from Italy , like Rhapsody . Yes , they are heavily influenced by classical music , and yes , they do have a choir . But the comparison really ends there . The truth is , there are simply very few bands that are doing what Rhapsody does , or what Thy Majestie does , thus since they are perhaps the closest thing to eachother , the comparison is always made . But they 're not very close at all.Being a huge Rhapsody fan , i do n't mean for my comments here to be seen as destructive towards Rhapsody . I simply want to point out they they play a completely different style of music . Thy Majestie 's album Hastings 1066 is a progressive , not a powermetal album . Listen to their use of rhythm and time-signature and you will quickly see that this album can not be squeezed into the powermetal genre . Perhaps its more like Symphony X 's V The New Mythology Suite , in which it falls somewhere cleanly between the 2 genres.At any rate , this album is simply amazing ; the choirs , are gorgeous , probably the best choirs in metal . When one says that such and such a band has opera choirs , they almost never are the real thing ... unless it 's Thy Majestie . And the twist is the super progressive rhythms . The arrangements on this album truly blend the best of prog , power and film score , along with medieval , renaissance , and baroque touches.Any serious fan of melodic metal should own this album .
 This is not your average power metal with cheesy , happy lyrics . No , this is a piece of well-written music and lyrics that tell the story of the Battle of Hastings . Who ever said you could n't learn things from metal ?? This album caused me to read up on this Battle.This is the kind of album you need to sit down with the lyrics and listen to it from start to finish to really get the feel of it - and it 's awesome ! And even then , it will take multiple listens to really absorb it all.I have a couple of songs from their 2005 release calledJeanne d'Arcthat sound as if this album will be just as good , so I currently have it on order.This is a great album that I would highly recommend !
 Hastings 1066 is a concept album about a historical event , which is kind of a historical event in itself . It is about , as the title implies , The Battle Of Hastings in 1066 AD between the invading Norman army , led by William the Conquerer , and the predominately Saxon defenders of King Harold II . The battle was very close and circumstances -LRB- like the fact that Harold 's army had fought another major battle two hundred miles away , only nine days previous -RRB- and other events helped William win . In England it is acknowledged as the last time an invading army won.The invasion was apparently precipitated by a broken pledge , whereupon the king previous to Harold II , Edward the Confessor , had promised the throne of England to William I -LRB- William the Conquerer -RRB- when he died . The dying King ostensibly reneged on the deal , eventually resulting the Battle of Hastings , by a royally -LRB- pun intended -RRB- -LSB- angry -RSB- Duke William of Normandy . The good Duke was obviously a poor sport.Now let 's talk about this wonderful musical experience Hastings 1066 and the remarkable band that made this magnificent album.Thy Majestie is a supremely talented group of musicians from Italy . Their musical inclinations , like most young Italian musicians , lie with power metal . If you know anything about heroic power metal you probably know that Italy has more power metal bands than grape vines or so it seems . You also probably know most of the heroic power metal albums being made are concept albums -LRB- those which tell a story -RRB- and , in Italy especially , the story is usually about some fantasy subject . Some popular power metal album titles are as follows
 I 've heard this band compared A LOT to Rhapsody , which I do n't think is quite fair . A lot of the same elements of `` Hollywood metal '' are present in Hastings 1600 -- lots of choirs , high-pitched vocals , medieval melodies , etc. . But somehow , Thy Majestie 's final product is much different . When I first listened to this album , Rhapsody never even came to mind . I think one of the main differences is that Rhapsody write fantasy , and Hastings 1600 is based on actual history . This , thankfully , cuts way down on the `` cheese factor '' of the lyrics . No `` mighty firelords of abyss '' for these guys!That being said , Hastings 1600 is one powerful album . It did n't completely amaze me at the first listen , but it intrigued me enough to give it a few more chances , and now it 's one of my favorite CDs . Songs 4 , 8 , 10 , and 12 have intros to them that are n't shown on the tracklist , so you really get 14 tracks . My favorite songs are The Sight Of Telham Hill , Pride Of A Housecarl , The Scream Of Taillefer , and Demons On The Crown , but really they all have something to offer . The only one I do n't much care for is Anger Of Fate , which just sort of drags on for seven minutes.The choirs are huge , the melodies are addicting , and the singer has a very emotional voice . Basically everything you could want from a power metal band . The only complaint I have is that the futuristic-sounding keyboards do n't fit very well with the medieval theme -- and I 'd love to know whose idea it was to write the album booklet in a size -10000 pt gothic typeface . I mean really . But all in all , it 's a wonderful and well-thought-out album . If you like epic/symphonic/power metal at all
 Productionwise this record is perfect . I like that they 've made the intros separate tracks because some intros are more there for the atmospherer than anything else.Though they 've been compared to Rhapsody , I do n't think that 's too true . Sure they play metal with classical/folklore influences . But TM seems to use more early medival sounds than Rhapsody . Secondly they 're not that focused on speed ... . they 're less power metal and perhaps more progressive . The guitars are great , but you wo n't much sweep picking.Personally I took me a little while to appreciate this gem . Of course I immediately liked `` The King and the Warrior '' since entered the realm of Thy majestie from power metal land ... Rhapsody , Sonata Arctica and Helloween . But the rest took me a bit longer because sometimes there are little rhythmic twists and unexpected turns that I had to get used to and to some extent understand the logic behind . But now I love this CD.It 's a pity it is so difficult for you North Americans to get hold of this . -LRB- Import CD -RRB-
 This album has some incredible talent that brought together makes some of the most exciting rock music I have ever heard . One correction to the title above , Aynsley Dunbar , the incredible and gifted drummer from Whitesnake , Journey , Zappa , Jefferson Starship and many other incredible bands rips it up on this CD . I do n't know where they got Carmines name from . It is worth the price just for his mind-blowing talent which I have been a fan of for a long time . If you like good rock n ' roll like that of Rainbow , Deep Purple , Ozzy , and Whitesnake , you will love this album . Cheers !
 The Amazon reviews said to expect this album to be heavier than the last and it is . It also rocks out much more . As I wrote in my review of Mother Earth , that album is slow and dragging a cumbersome butt . This album picks up the pace and gets raunchier in the guitar quaters . Gone are the lengthy slow songs of approaching environmental doom . The lyrics , like the music , pick up the tempo . Joe Lynn Turner sounds like himself and really lets loose on some tracks . Jeff Watson gives more more heavy grind from his guitar the drumming on Aynsley Dunbar rocks and rolls with the music with more energy than what Carmine Appice provided for the slower previous album . My only gripe might be that the sound is not as clean as on the previous album . It is a bit muddy , like the bass was recorded on lo-fi almost . But other than that , for a good hard rock album this one does rather well .
 1 . O Holy Night2 . Shepherd 's Song3 . God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen4 . The Christmas Song5 . Peace on Earth6 . Joy to the World7 . A Star is Born8 . O Little Town of Bethlehem9 . Spirit of Christmas10 . White ChristmasProduced by Phil Driscoll , Ken Pennell & Lari Goss
 I just bought this 1986 record album by Phil Driscoll ` The Spirit of Christmas . ' Was n't sure what to think about it until I played the whole thing . Outstanding !!! Different and very enjoyable . Here it is August 2010 and I have my ear tuned to a Christmas Album . When I say record album I do mean a 331/3 record . And oh , yeah , bought this for 50 cents . What a deal . Now I have to find more of Phil Driscoll.Driscoll has many CDs right here on Amazon . I guess I 'm hooked on this guy now .
 This double CD is fantastic value . The second CD is the best rocksteady compilation I have heard so far
 Disc one
 Track 2 Dreaming by the River in Spring is not a Chinese popuplar song . The composer is Ting-Wang Chou , a Taiwanese.It is about a sad love story happen in Taipei during the Japanese era of Taiwan.Track 9 is well orchestrated by Suzuki . It is a traditional folk song in the whole Taiwan.Track 11 Mending an Old Net is composed by Yun-Fong Wang , a Taiwanese composer . This song was prohibited by the KMT government . The reason is it is too sad and expressing unhappy with government . It is so popular that some Taiwanese consider it is Taiwan national anthem.Track 12 Flower in the Rainy Night is composed by the most famous Taiwanese composer Yu-Hsien Teng . With the academy training in Japan and talent in music Teng was very productive . This song was also banned by the KMT government.Track 13 Peach Blossom Crosses the River is a Taiwanese folk song . The lyrics are stating the events starting from Janauary to June.I gave four stars because the mistakes of the song origins in the text othwise the CD is excellent .
 This is a must have for all reggae fans . It is feel good , cruisy , party reggae with Third World at thier absolute peak rivalling '96 Degrees In The Shade ' . I only have it on vinyl and it is currently unavailable the world over . Bring it back !
 This album had only seven songs , but it is one of the best albums Third World ever compiled ! Third World , to this day , portrays every sense of their moniker `` Reggae Ambassadors , '' with their musicianship and camaraderie as they continue to spread the message of love around the world . BigUp Everytime !
 I first had the pleasure of hearing Jennifer Leitham at the West Coast Jazz Party on September 4 , 2004 . Since then I 've made it a habit to catch her at two other gigs . The pure energy on the bandstand , great communication with the other musicians made me feel like I was up there on the bandstand jammin ' with ` em . If you like high energy JAZZ , John Leitham Live ! Is the next best thing to being there in person.Oh Be Joyful , which I 've heard her perform in person , will chase away any melancholy which may have taken hold of your soul . The other jazzmen performing on this disc are great accompanist to her original compositions on this disc namely
 Fans of Lustmord know that he is the master of darkness -LRB- Heresy , The Place Where the Black Stars Hang -RRB- , but this thing is just plain evil . I mean that in the best of ways . During one of the nerve-jangling tracks , you can hear a man choking to death . This CD is extremely unnerving . While I can fall asleep into the sinister darkness while listening to Black Stars , this one leaves me sweating as I anticipate my violent death . Good stuff .
 Can you imagine a movie that combines the ` human body manipulation ' of Rammstein 's video clip `` Mein Teil '' , Judas Priest 's strobocopic lightning in their video `` Painkiller '' , the black and white approach of `` Pi '' , together with the weirdness of `` Eraserhead '' and `` Begotten '' , the hellish production design of Brad Andersson 's `` The machinist '' and the cinematic fetishism of the twin brothers Quay -LRB- `` Street of Crocodiles '' and `` Institute Benjamenta '' -RRB- ? Probably not . But , believe me , there is such a movie.It 's Charlie Deaux ' 18 minute tour-the-force `` Zoetrope '' , a deranged , mindblowing , futuristic adaptation of Franz Kafka 's `` In the penal colony '' . After a surreal opening in which we are , seemingly trapped in a void , approached by an unidentified flying object , we witness the final wanderings of a trapped , naked man , who crawls around his cell , waiting for his death sentence to be carried out . Above him , in the ` upper world ' there is the man , in the uniform , expressionistically gesturing , articulating his words of doom -LRB- `` Let go of the tangible mass of your mind . It is only an illusion ... '' -RRB- , and operating all kinds of seemingly purpousless tools and machinery.Meanwhile , the clock , of which we often see its inner structures , is ticking . Time collapses . Mindgames alter , but still sore . It 's a nightmarish existence of which there is no escape , the claustrophobia of the machine-filled upper world being as immens and exhausting as the claustrophobia in the large , empty prison cell.And , to make it even worse , all this is set to the music of Brian Williams ' terrifying one-man-act Lustmord , who brought us such dark ambient albums as `` Herecy '' , `` Places where the black stars hang '' and the Robert Rich-collaboration `` Stalker '' . The CD `` Zoetrope '' contains considerably more music , and in the hands of Lustmord , we can be thankful for that , allthough , just like the film , it is n't a journey one would care to make out of choise - more out of some deeply rooted necessity .
 This CD is awesome , it is pure sound manipulation in case metavoid scared you off , he is back to his original sounds . This CD is awesome stuff , i also highly recommend zoetrope the DVD movie , it is a short film and it is intense , really intense , and lustmords music makes it even more so . you have to buy the CD separtae though b/c it is expanded to an hour of music , it also contian a trailer of the movie . I also want to recommned carbon/core by lustmord , this is another expansion of music that he made for the happy pencil website and it is intense , some really dark stuff .
 This album combines the unforgiving , menacing and hellish feel of his classic `` Heresy '' with the spacious vastness of `` The Place Where the Black Stars Hang '' and the high end production values of `` Metavoid '' . Although there are n't any extended , epic pieces like `` Aldebaran of Hyades '' or `` Metastatic Resonance '' , the songs are Zoetrope are quite effective within their shorter durations . He created this movie as a horror soundtrack , and you can tell
 sunshine , like every other esham song , is an instant classic , from his kkkill the fetus album , this song is awesome . but i recommend u get the kkkill the fetus album rather than buying this single , or you could get both if u collector
 This CD is not actually the original soundtrack to Final Fantasy IV as it may lead to believe , but is actually the arranged FFIV Celtic Moon CD . However , this is no reason to avoid it . This is one of the best Final Fantasy Arranged cds that can be easily enjoyed by anyone , regardless of whether or not they 've played FFIV , or even played any of the games . The music is very relaxing celtic style and includes a wide variety of arranged music from the game including the sweet Theme of Love -LRB- Rosa 's -RRB- , fun Chocobo-Chocobo , the haunting Into the Darkness -LRB- dungeon theme -RRB- , the beautiful Rydia 's Theme , and the sinister Dancing Calcobrena ! There are fifteen tracks in total , all unique and relaxing . The only drawback is that the cd might be a bit too mellow overall , as none of the tracks are very fast paced . However , this is still worth the money and is a must-buy for fans of Nobuo Uematsu and FFIV .
 One person on the Internet said that this is where Final Fantasy meets Braveheart . He was n't kidding ! I can sum this CD up in just one word
 This special Celtic arrangement of Final Fantasy IV music , `` Final Fantasy IV
 If you like Celtic Orchestra , this ones for you . If your looking for CD with action battle music , you wo n't find it here -LRB- If it did , I would probably of given it 5 stars instead of 4 -RRB- . The main overworld theme is probably my favorite . `` Mystic Mysidia '' is a very funny one to listen to.There are a lot of sad-sounding songs on here as well.Great Soundtrack .
 Celtic Moon is an arranged album that belongs on any FF fan 's shelf . The arrangements , while mostly not quite true `` Celtic '' music , are beautiful and really give the music more life and depth . The lighthearted and fun `` Chocobo-Chocobo '' is the only really fast-paced track in the album , while `` Into the Darkness '' and `` Illusionary World '' capture the creepy wariness of the originals quite well . `` Main Theme of Final Fantasy IV '' often causes one to reminisce about wandering around on the world map ; `` Welcome to Our Town ! '' adds much more depth to the slightly sad & tired original , including a wonderful happy interlude . Mischievous `` Palom & Porom '' gives these characters the spot they deserve ;-RRB- , greatly expanding their theme , and `` Mystic Mysidia '' enhances the best of the funky , upbeat original . The only possible downside to this collection is the lack of any battle tracks , but what is here is so great that it does n't much matter . Any FF fan should buy this . Now .
 FFIV is one of my favourite games ever , with some of my favourite music from any game/movie/composer . But how does it sound when adapted to a `` celtic '' style?Fantastic.It may not seem to fit in to this style -LRB- at least that was my impression -RRB- until you actually hear it . The arrangements are lush , without being overwhelming , and the music is VERY true to the originals . Mystic Mysidia is great , as is Illusionary World , Into the Darkness , Giott , Prelude , Rydia is a great improvement on the original , and Toroian Beauty is an utterly stunning conclusion.The only reason I did n't give it a 5 star rating is because occasionally -LRB- such as on Welcome to Our Town ! -RRB- they will insert a cute little jig that does n't seem to fit with the theme . This is not a big deal , and it is the only blemish on an otherwise perfect adaptation.The music speaks for itself , it does n't need me or any other reviewer to do that for it . So do yourself a favour and re-live a masterful soundtrack by an absolute genius of a composer through a wonderfully different lens .
 So , this is * not * the exact music from Final Fantasy IV , but rather `` celtic '' versions of some of the songs . Whether or not that is completely accurate , who can say ? What we can agree is that it is Uematsu and it is good . Final Fantasy fans - you all already have this anyway heh : -RRB-
 I wholeheartedly recommend this CD to anyone who is either a fan of Final Fantasy music or arrangements such as the Talisean Orchestra CD Orinco Flow . The often haunting Celtic sound adds a new and unique dimension to music that already possesses a great adventurous/fantastical quality . Pieces such as Chocobo-Chocobo would fit readily into any collection of Irish jigs .
 I personally am a fan of Celtic music , so when I saw the title I had to give this CD a go . Combining Final Fantasy classics with Celtic-type instruments was pure genius . The Prelude was very well done , although it strays a little bit from the original version . After a while , though , you come to appreciate its quality . The Prologue and Into the Darkness were also done extremely well . I must say before I go any further that I 've listened to this CD numerous amounts of times , but most of the songs I never even looked at the title after the first or second time through . Nevertheless , that does n't take away from the experience . A couple more that are my personal favorites are Theme of Love and Rydia . Although I have no idea what the vocals are saying in Rydia , the music is once again extremely well done . There really are n't any words to describe this CD , and to really see what I mean you need to at least hear samples of a couple of songs . If you enjoy Celtic and Final Fantasy music , I guarantee you wo n't be disappointed .
 I finally got this CD , and I 'm so glad I did . Songs so familiar and beautiful to me became so much more in the arrangments used in this CD . The Celtic style fits so perfectly with the orinal coposition of this music.For a person that greatly enjoys video game sound tracks and Celtic music , this CD is a wise choice to take . However , I think even someone not familliar with Final Fantasy IV could easily enjoy this CD just as much as I do .
 It 's excellent the celtic style really depicates well the very medieval atmosphere of Final Fantasy 4 and I for one enjoyed it a lot .
 This is a must-have for any fans of the Final Fantasy Series . The themes from Final Fantasy 4 are beautifully transformed into Celtic music that is good by any measure . This is one of my favorites .
 this is a beautiful cd , with a great celtic sound . it is definately worth owning .
 This is an astounding `` first '' CD by one of Atlantas ' rising stars - nay - one of Americas ' rising stars . My only previous exposure to this gifted young ladys ' talents was at a `` mind blowing '' `` jam session '' one dark night on the outskirts of Atlanta in The Northside Tavern during a holiday in the US . Her performance then was exceptionally good and this CD displays her artistry and mastery in the musical genre called THE BLUES !! Stunning guitar and vocals - lovely poetic quality in her lyrics - brilliant line up of musicians backing her - delightful production ... . what is more - ALL HER OWN WORK ! When do we get to see and hear her this side of the Atlantic ?!! Major labels please take note !
 WOW !!! Liz keeps you rockin ' with guitar licks and a great voice . The only thing better than seeing her perform in person is rockin ' along with her in your car . GOOO LIZ !!!!
 Robert Parker pioneered digital remastering techniques in Australia , and applied them to his extensive classic jazz collection . His passion for the music couples with his unique engineering talent to produce a peerless collection of Fats Waller instrumental pieces.This album is a delight .
 Of Dreams and Discoveries is more than just relaxing . It lets you dream , imagine , smile , remember and enjoy . Soothing yet insprational and exciting . So much talent !
 Another eloquently beautiful album , I especially liked track 5 , Broken Dreams . Although minor key music appeals to me , the uplifting other tracks keeps one from feeling melancholy , particularily track 7 , Discoveries .
 JSP Records from the U.K. has really been doing a bang-up , first-rate job with these CD box sets of classic swing jazz
 Anything to do with Cab Calloway I 've got it . I 'm a fan of his and always will be . These well organized CD 's gives out that crisp sound of the 1930 's down home jazz melody ; that only Cab can sing out . This is the only CD that gives you all of his hits of the 1930 's . The first recording of Minnie the moocher , Kickin ' the gong around , you got ta hi de ho -LRB- To get along with me -RRB- and many more . You have n't heard Cab Calloway until you 've heard him in his early years . This is a perfect introduction to your jazz collection .
 This compilation of early -LRB- 31-34 -RRB- Calloway features excellent sound quality and a first-rate band backing up the King of Jive . At a great bargain price , this set is recommended for those who like their 30s swing served hot .
 While I 'm a big fan of this collection , along with the continuing collection `` 1935-1940 '' , I 'd be really interested in knowing if JSP is planning on putting out a collection of Cab 's 1940-1947 stuff . If such a collection exists from JSP & I 'm just being ignorant , please let me know !
 Cab Calloway fans , you MUST own this ! Sit back , close your eyes and imagine you 're nodding off in the Cotton Club . I LOVE this collection . Disc 1 - St James ' Infirmary , worth the price alone .
 THESE ARE THE ORIGINAL RECORDINGS THAT CAB CALLOWAY AND HIS BAND -LRB- THE MISSOURIANS -RRB- DID THAT MADE CAB A STAR , AND IS REPRESENTATIVE OF THE KIND OF MUSIC THAT WAS BEING PLAYED UP AT THE COTTON CLUB , WHERE CAB CALLOWAY WAS THE FEATURED PERFORMER AFTER THE DUKE ELLINGTON BAND DEPARTED . THE WORD I WOULD USE TO DESCRIBE IT `` INFECTUOUS '' , EVEN WHEN HE SINGS A SAD SONG IT MAKES YOU FEEL HAPPY ! IF YOU LOVE CAB CALLOWAY YOU HAVE TO HAVE THIS COLLECTION . AFTER LISTENING FOR AWHILE , YOU 'LL FEEL LIKE YOU 'RE HANGIN ' WITH THE KING OF SWEDEN , YOU 'LL BE KICKIN ' THE GONG AROUND , CHILLING IN CHINATOWN , CABBING IT UP TO HARLEM , SPENDING TIME WITH SMOKEY JOE -LRB- WHO WAS MIGHTY COKEY -RRB- , LOOKING FOR MINNIE , BECOMING A JITTERBUG AND SAYING HI-DE-HI-DE-HI-DE-HO , WHICH ALL SEEM TO BE RECURRING THEMES IN A LOT THE SONGS , ALONG WITH A LOT OF NONSENSICAL SCAT SINGING , WHICH MAKES THE WHOLE THING SUBLIME AND UNFORGETTABLE .
 I 'm a very big Calloway fan and this is a very complete collection . Wonderfully put together and sounds just like I 'm listening to an actual record . Amazing.I will highly suggest this four disc set to everyone , a four disc set of one of the greatest jazz/blues singer and performer of the 1930 's .
 These 12 CDs contain the complete Philips recordings of the great pianist Clara Haskil from 1951 to 1960 . Volume I -LRB- chamber music , 5 CDs -RRB- , contains the very significantcollaboration with the great violinist Artur Grumiaux -- the 10Beethoven and some 6 Mozart -LRB- K301 ,304 , 376 , 378 , 454 , and 526 -RRB- violin sonatas . These recordings have long been out of print and are still probably the best recorded performances of thesemasterpieces.Volume II -LRB- concertos , 4CDs -RRB- contains Haskil 's concerto repertiore . She is a master of the Mozart piano concerto andbeautifully performs K271 , 466 -LRB- two performances -RRB- , 491 , 488 , and the concert rondo in A . She also performs Beethoven 's Third , Schumann 's , Chopin 's Second -LRB- the Larghetto is delicatelygorgeous -RRB- , and Falla 's Nights in theGardens of Spain . She is assisted by Igor Markevitch , PaulSacher , Rudolph Paumgartner , and Willem Van Otterloo conducting the Orchestre des Concerts Lamoureux , The Hague Philharmonic and the Vienna Symphony.The final volume -LRB- Solo Repertoire , 3 CDs -RRB- contains threeScarlatti sonatas , Mozart 's sonata K330 and 9 variations K573 , two performances each of Beethoven 's sonatas l7 and l8 , Schumann 's Kinderszenen , Waldszenen , and excerpts from Bunte Blatter . Finally , she offers wonderful performances of Ravel ` sSontine and Schubert 's great B-Flat Sonata . -- Far more than enough examples of this great artist 's lifetime work .
 `` Proverbial Reggae '' is every bit the masterpiece that `` Trenchtown Mixup '' is . It is a rare feat for a group to deliver 2 killers in a row , but the Gladiators did it !
 This album rocks . Haunting melodies and harmonies . I would rate this among the top 10 reggae albums .
 This is a great roots rock album , featuring the lead singer Teague Kernan . A mix of styles are represented -- some funk , lots of soul , great blues harmonica and hints of Celtic rhythms . Great lyrics , serious soul in this intro album . Well worth the $ .
 Keith Hudson is a thrilling Reggae performer and writer , I 'm not a fan of his vocals , however he works within his arrangements , so the songs are crafted personally for his roots style . `` civilization '' was the huge cut from this album that was originally produced in 1976-77 ' This album is A fine Reggae experience .
 Total insane dub . I picked this baby up on a whim without ever hearing a Prince Far I track in my life . I am so happy I pulled the trigger on this one . If your into Burning Spear , Scientist , King Tubby , & Lee Scratch Perry , then go hit this album by Prince Far I. His voice is like a rastafari version of Taj Mahal / Tom Waits , which really grows on you . There is an excellant balance between his voice and the smoothe dubbed out band he assembled . Lots of Bass , good rythem , and interesting lyrics . Full package . I cant wait to pick up more of his stuff .
 This cd is a reissue of an excellent Prince Far I vocal LP from 1978 ... a real honest to goodness album . Though it is dubby and deeply mixed , what we are essentially dealing with is a band . The bass is deep and round , and the rhythms and grooves are double irie . Killer melodica and trombone flow dreamily over a roiling sea of bongo drums and skanking guitar . Far I is at his best throughout , intensely focused on his heady toasts/chants/recitations , preaching Jah righteousness and messages of love to the people of earth . Musicians include Sly & Robbie , Santa Davis , Chinna Smith , Bingy Bunny , Bongo Herman , Vin Gordon -LRB- Don Drummond Jr. -RRB- , and Bobby Kalphat on melodica . This really feels like the album that it is ... every song being part of the whole , with a righteous beginning , powerful middle , and refreshing end . Definitely one of the best and most cohesive Prince Far I listening experiences.Like all Prince Far I LPs , and most Jamaican LPs from the '70s , `` Long Life '' is about 33 minutes , but it is well , well worth it , and at this asking price it is actually a bargain . Remember , Prince Far I import discs of about the same length are going for almost twice as much . Frontline has remastered this music from the original session tapes , so the sound is superb . I 'd strongly advise anyone beginning to get into Prince Far I to check out the CDs that collect Far I 's original LPs in their entirety before anything else , including `` Health & Strength , '' `` Message From The King , '' `` Under Heavy Manners , '' `` Heavy Manners -LRB- 4 LPs on 2 cds -RRB- , '' `` Psalms For I , '' and of course `` Long Life . '' As far as dub albums , I 'd surely start with `` Dubwise . '' To sum it up , no Prince Far I experience is even close to complete without the mesmerizing set of righteous messages and sounds that is `` Long Life . '' Killer , five star perfection throughout .
 I used to think that Prince Far I 's CD `` Heath and Strength '' was my favorite , but that was until I heard `` Long Life . '' My reasons for declaring `` Long Life '' number one
 This is one of the best songs of the entire Sakura Taisen anime . The song will make you dance and sing just the first time you hear it , I trully recommend it for everyone that loves J-Pop . And as the tittle says ... ' `` It Rocks ! '' Buy it , you wo n't regret it !
 Yes , despite Ozit 's protestations to the contrary , their story about this being taken -LRB- with permission ! -RRB- from Don 's private tapes is probably at least somewhat untrue . Yes , the liner notes are abysmal , quoting from a guy who is usually consider to be the * worst * source on the Captain . Yes , in all likelyhood , all that separates this and its companion piece -LRB- `` Merseytrout , '' a similarly questionable release -RRB- from bootleghood is a UPC and a placement on legitimate sites . Yes , the bonus tracks are pointless . And yes , the sound quality is pretty lousy.But ... As there is no other legitimate release of the BCP tapes , this is still something to be happy about , as no longer will people have to track down expensive and -LRB- in all probability -RRB- shoddy bootlegs to hear the curio that is the original Bat Chain Puller . If you 're reading this entry , you most likely know the story of the album
 Recently a slew of Beefheart releases of improbable legitimacy hit the market , including this unpolished gem , purportedly a transfer of an original reel tape -LRB- sent by Don to a friend/business associate in England -RRB- containing unfinished versions of Bat Chain Puller , which was recorded under the aegis of Frank Zappa in 1976 . The original Bat Chain Puller was never officially released , yet rumors persist that Denny Walley has remixed the original tracks into something the Zappa Family Trust may release some day ... sadly this may not happen while Don is still with us , despite Don 's seeming disinterest in his own musical past . Where he got his music , he did n't have to pay for it , got me?Until then , we have Dust Sucker . The title , a vacuum , like those Don sold door to door as a young man , surprising those housewives that answered with a cry of `` this sucks ! '' The vacuum , a gypsy dance around a lonely campfire , a musical instrument on par with a crank driven beater-mixer . Dust Sucker , I think , is essential for collectors who do n't already own a version of the original BCP to explain the gaps between Beefheart 's R&B ; roots , his music from the other side of the fence , and the love songs he sang for his women.From the opening windshield wiper blade beat of Bat Chain Puller , obviously this is no Shiny Beast . John French 's drumming is beyond reproach here and on Floppy Boot Stomp , and Denny Walley and Jeff Moris Tepper counterpoint beautifully on Seam Crooked Sam and Odd Jobs , each replete with the Captain reciting his lyrics on top of them . John Thomas , who also played with Mallard , the Lick My Decals Off Baby era exodus of Magic Band members , adds keyboards.The highlight of my experience with Dust Sucker is a sentimental version of Harry Irene which almost goes to show how good the Virgin era recordings could have been under different circumstances.The bonus tracks come from various sources not listed in the CD sleeve and play at varying speeds -LRB- a little creative pitch shifting with your PC sound card and you 'll get the right speed -RRB- . If you 're looking here , you probably do n't need me to tell you how to find out what venues , times and lineups they 're from .
 Since the magic captain 's retirement there have been almost as many new albums as there are old ones with another due out in England any moment now.Don van Vliet , one of , if not the , most enignatic figures in the history of popular music is a polarising figure . To me and many others , he is a true artist in the truest sense of the word . A man of music playing harp , bass clarinet , tenor and soprano saxaphone and other instruments besides , Captain Beefheart has the most incredible voice . A true blues player , van Vliet forswore the music business to concentrate on his painting and has not issued a recording in almost twenty years.The paucity of official recordings has left enthusiasts scrambling for any piece of material they can lay their hands on . This release of demos , outtakes and live recordings goes someway to meeting that demand but the very nature of the material will be of little interest to a wider audience . My own personal favourite is the live version of ` My Human Gets Me Blues ' but the recording is lacking . On the whole this is a useful addition to anyone 's collection . Some have criticised the producers of other recent albums for the poor quality of those albums but to be honest I am just grateful to be able to gain more insight into the workings of such an enigmatic musician . For all their faults these recordings represent a historic record of a genius of popular music at work . To me Dust Sucker is like a sketch pad of work which in the finished article are masterpieces . It may not be the greatest record in the world but there is gold in them there hills.A suid eating dough in a poly-ethylene bag is fast and bulbous .
 Despite all the protestations by others , I personally love the cover and artwork and the fact that we can finally hear supposedly from the tape that Don sent to UK promoter Roger Eagle something like Bat Chain Puler should have sounded . thios album is raw and energetic work from the captain and his Magic Band . Definitely worth buying .
 The best album of the year . Just amazing . Best Tracks
 i bought this album 1 week ago and it has n't left my car !!!! it 's GREAT . i think that the songs , especially Dead Heart and Control , are amazing.Not sure if we are listening to the same CD ? I love this CD .
 The people that rated this album poorly I 'm just wondering if they were listening to the same album ?? This is rock 's finest here , and if you like softer rock then you will love this cd ! It is nothing out of the ordinary but I beleive the vocals and lyrics are stronger than most . Radford is a great band , please ignore the ignorant reviews of people dissing this album for no apparant reason . If you do n't like softer rock , you wont like the album , if you do , you 'll love it !
 every song is great . this cd truly has something for everyone . it reminds of me of radiohead meets our lady peace . this is my favorite album of the year !!!!!
 If you like Dakona 's slower tracks like `` In The Name Of God '' or `` center Of The World '' or infact pritty much any track on the Dakona album you 'll love this album to ! its probably one of the most relaxing albums i 've got and ever will have ! Check radford out on their offical website , www.radfordmusic.net!if you like calm relaxing melodies with some pop/rock tunes you 've got to buy this album !
 I have been a Radford fan for a long time now and have been waiting for them to come back . Boy , did they ever ! This cd is so much better than their first . It is probably the best cd I have bought this year , besides Lucky Boys Confusion . If you havent bought it yet , please do . You wont be dissapointed .
 This is one of the best CD 's I 've bought in a long time . Fantastic lyrics , great vocals , excellent backing . Really melodic and deep thoughts . Particularly like Dead Heart , Fake a Smile , Long Way Down , Therapy . One of those CD 's you can listen to over and over again , and get new sounds . A terrific second album from Jonny Mead , the singer/songwriter . Buy this and you wo n't be disappointed . And if Radford are playing , go and see them . I have , and they are terrific !
 I 'm seeing all these reviews say how awful this CD is . It 's a truly amazing CD . `` fake a Smile '' was not a great choice for a single , and it is a somewhat boring song . `` Dead Heart '' and `` Out of The Dark '' are definitely the stand out tracks on this record and are worth the $ 10 by themselves . Buy The CD . It 's one of the best of 2004 .
 Despite what I have read on some of the online reviews about this album , I decided to give it a try and I am glad I did . I own most of the albums that are listed as similar albums to `` Sleepwalker '' on Amazon . -LRB- Greenwheel , Dakona , Strange Celebrity , and Seven & the Sun -RRB- This is just as good as Greenwheel 's Soma Holdiay and rocks a tad harder as well . Every track on this album is great and there really is n't a stand out track because they are all terrific.The lead singer 's voice is not nearly as bad as people on here are saying . The whining is close to non-existent and the music is great . If you are a fan of many of the bands listed in the similar section , then buy this cd , you will not be disappointed .
 FINALLY ! 4 YEARS LATER AND ONE BREAK-UP LATER RADFORD IS BACK!this cd rocks just as hard as the first Radford cd . Only frontman Jonny Mead and guitar player Chris Hower remain intact from the original line up . With them is Chris Cornell 's solo album bassist Rik Markman , A Perfect Circle 's beast of a drummer Josh Freese ... and solid arsonal of 10 well crafted post grunge alt rock songs that any fan of Fuel or Our Lady Peace should be in Heaven with ... Starting with the best . . the songs ranks as followsSomeone SomewhereControlOut Of the DarkBeautifulTherapy I Dont Need YouEasierDead HeartAnythingLong Way DownFake A Smile
 Every song on the CD is amazing !!! How often does one come across an album where not a single track warrants being skipped over ? Radford released a 5 track EP in 2006 titled Black Out the Sun -LRB- available for download on alternativeaddiction.com -RRB- , and it continues the emotionally charged , layered tracks first experienced on Sleepwalker . This is one of my favorite albums , and I own almost 1,000 CDs , mostly in alternative/rock/metal genres . Treat yourself to some irresistable tunes by buying this album !
 `` Sleepwalker '' is the kind of music that makes you think . It 's the music that you can tell is deeper than just lyrics . They have a purpose , a meaning , from which great songs are born . The artist 's smart rhyming lyrics add immensely to the extremely catchy tunes . Each song seems to have a catchy string of notes that you ca n't seem to get out of your head . The emotions expressed vocally through stylish lyrics are sung by Radford , an amazing unique and creatively original singer.The CD is filled with track after track of potential hits . It 's a shame I heard about Radford on an internet radio and not on a mainstream radio station . Radford deserves to become more popular.If you take the amazing drummer from Strata , add a country music singer -LRB- he sounds like country but , believe me , I HATE country -- he makes it work -RRB- , throw in the guitarist from the Muse , put in the keyboardist from Postal Service , and top it off with a songwriter from Trapt or Crossfade and you 've got the sweetness that is Radford.I am a drummer and after listening to `` Sleepwalker '' -LRB- which is a cool name -RRB- just once , I was able to identify the drummer , Josh Freese , as one of the best , most talented drummers I 've ever heard.It ROCKS ! ~ T * RIN 5lbscatfood . blogspot.com
 This album is fab . The lyrics , especially the ballads , are really thoughtful . Although Fake a Smile is out as a single , I particularly like Dead Heart , a really interesting beat and great meaning within the lyrics.Buy this CD - it 's really worth listening to time and again .
 as a drummer , I always want to have my hands on any ablum that feature Josh Freese on drum , and Sleepwalker is one of those , after giving that a listen , I just ca n't put that down , it 's not just because of Freese , it 's also because Radford worte some of best tunes of our time , the whole album is full of great song writing and arrangment , the way they put together loops and real instruments brings great climax to songs and will definitely blow you away with all of the their energy .
 It 's been around 4 years since Radford 's self titled debut album was released . This album is well worth the wait ! Every song is great ! The lead singer , Jonny Mead , has a truly remarkable voice and his lyrics are fantastic.My favorite tracks on this album are : Therapy -LRB- I Do n't Need You -RRB- Dead HeartFake A SmileEasierOut Of The DarkAnythingThe other 4 songs are great also , but the ones I listed are the ones I just really relate to , and/or just love the overall sound of.Go ahead and order this CD , you wo n't regret it ! It 's awesome !
 i just picked this cd up on a whim today because i saw a good review of it on alternativeaddiction.com awhile back . This is alternative rock at its finest , some of the best i have heard in a long time . Highly reccomended
 Weyse 's -LRB- 1774-1842 -RRB- symphonies sound similar to the middle symphonies of Mozart . None rise to the greatness of Mozart 's last six symphonies , but all are enjoyable , with graceful minuets and dramatic finales . The Royal Danish Orchestra under Michael Schonwandt never misses a step , in well-groomed mannered performances . Perhaps the best analogy I can draw is that Weyse is to Mozart as Ferdinand Ries is to Beethoven .
 This is an item definetly worth adding to your collection , if you 're a fan of Final Fantasy , 8-bit music or Uematsu . I 've never before heard such fantastic music coming from a console so melodically limited as the Famicom . It is obvious that Uematsu put some time into making this . More time than he spent composing for Final Fantasy V , that 's for sure . Buy it on cd or buy it over the net , it 's worth the money if you like this kind of music .
 This was the first esham album I purchased and even though there is only 4 songs on it , this tape is the $ hit ! I can listen to it over and over . My favorite song is `` Rocks off '' that is the bomb ! Much love from detroit !!!
 Out of all of Esham 's singles and E.P. 's , this is by far the best . Hellskkellter is friggin ` awesome and Devil 's Night is about burning up buildings on Halloween , reminds me of The Crow movie .
 ESHAMHELLTERSKKKELLTERBeing a fan of horror films it was only natural that I would become a fan of Horrorcore rap , but Esham is more along the lines of being what he calls acid rap . Either way I have always been a fan of this Detroit native as is my girl who loves any thing Psychopathic related or Horrorcore/acid rap . Esham is one of the legends in hip hop that does not get the credit he deserves because of his style and lyrical content . I wish more people would listen to this brilliant artist.1.HELLTERSKKKELLTER-the first track is excellent as Esham drops gems over his crazy instrumental , very raw energy coming from this track . Esham talking about how society better murder him , his flow is amazing on this track . Definitely one of the best tracks on this EP easy , I love the last few lines on this dissing the kkk .5 / 52 . ROCKS OFF-this is one of the best and raunchiest songs of all time so you know I am down for it . Esham 's lyrics on this one will definitely offend a lot of people as he does not hold back on what he wants to do . And the beat he provides itself makes you want to grind on some one . An excellent song and very good addition to this EP , another classic Esham track .5 / 53.BE-4-another great track with an excellent bass driven instrumental and Esham kills the track as only he can . This is another one of those classic Esham tracks were he does not hold back and may not be suitable for many , not as bad as the previous track though .4.5 / 54 . DEVIL 'S NIGHT-well from the title you can tell that this one is not for every one as most Esham songs are , this is one of his best tracks ever in my option . He goes crazy on this one letting loose with some ill , evil raps as the title would suggest . This is a great way to end the EP , classic .5 / 5This is a classic Esham release that any and all should own , especially fans of this type of music , old school Esham at its finest .
 Every song off of this E.P. is awesome . My favourite would have to be `` Hellterskkkelter '' . Classic song . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 If your going to buy this CD , I can tell you right now the best song on here is Devil 's Night . Its just wicked . Theres only 4 songs on this CD and Devil 's Night . He 's got some sampling of Beastie Boys kinda like in Kkkill The Fetus . This is a great Esham album all in all . But its worth to have in particular because its got Devil 's Night .
 eshams best ep in my opinion , just everything is the best . -LRB- ... -RRB- devil 's night is a classic , talks about burning up on devils night . rocks off ! is a sex-talk song , and is off the hook too . be-4 is a very short song but it still kicks azz . every esham/natas should own this because it every track on it are RARE -LRB- every esham/natas album are rare , especially the original RLP recordings -RRB- because its the tracks dont appear on any other album . this is the only album with the ORIGINAL UNEDITED helterskkkelter that features Dead Boy at the start and end ! the edited version is on kkkill the fetus . this is the only album that features the original rocks off . this is the only album that has be-4 which is an extremely rare track . this is the only album featuring the awesome devils night . so get this classic RIGHT AWAY if you dont have it already !
 What a gem ! These guys are like Weezer with balls ! Great songs , killer production , it does n't get much better .
 Sure the New Album has some softies on it , but it is still very much a great Rammstein album . The band is ready to move on from their very Organized Machine like Industrial Metal to a more expresive , explosive , and personal sound that is both impressive and warming . The band has not forgoten about those extra elements that they have used to make make them stand out from other bands . Just like the Mutter album you can expect to hear more sounds from orchestras and chiors . Christoph -LRB- Drums -RRB- has `` Tossed out his rule book , '' and said goodbye to the more simplified drumming you have heard on the previous albums . The guitars have still kept that amazing power that has made the band famous , but now you can expect to hear lower notes than what you have heard before . As for Till -LRB- Singer -RRB- he is like a wine , he just gets better with age . If you liked the way Oliver -LRB- Bass -RRB- sounded on Mutter you will absolutely love Reise , Reise . After waiting over 3 years I am pleased to hear not just new material , but a new sound , a new feel , and a new beginning for the band .
 I was first introduced to these guys with their classic trackAint Talk 'n ` Bout Dub . They took my boy Edward VanHalen and kicked it up a notch . I like everything I 've heard from this group and this single is no exception . Buy all of their music .
 The first time I heard this cd , I immediately had to talk to the dj to find out the nmae of the song . I was surprised when he told me it was Apollo 440 . Anyway , great song . I know that you 'll like it too .
 My Mother-in-Law told me that she and her brother spent their childhood summer nights singing `` Trouble in Mind '' on their Louisiana front porch . I sent her this album which contains the original version of this song and it instantly carried her back to those ealy memories.This is a MUST HAVE album for any blues enthusiast .
 Exciting , refreshing , creative and emotionally moving are just a few adjectives to describe the Threshing Floors latest CD
 This group is primarily the wife/husband team of Joelma and Chumbinho -LRB- from Belem , Para - Brazil -RRB- . They have truly created their own `` original '' style of music . Good luck not dancing or singing along with them ! Essa musica deles VOA MESMO ! There are also DVD 's available of some of their live shows in Brazil and they are really fantastic . Check them out -LRB- but for sure , buy this CD , agora mesmo -RRB- . This is definitively NOT `` Harry Belafonte '' era Calypso ; it is truly original stuff . Tchau para todos .
 you know you like pop punk . so here you go . yellowcard is my favorite band on this cd , but their are others . Yellowcard rock like no others !
 This sounds like a wonderful boxed set . But there are not song samples available with the CD song list , so one can not hear ahead of time , what the sound quality will be . It would be helpful to have the sample link available . Older recordings can vary so much in sound listenability.PS -LRB- added June 2007 -RRB- I did order this , and the sound quality is very excellent .
 The only problem with this set is that it does not include some late 1951 or any 1952 recordings . For the price it is still great . However , you will need to pick up some sort of less expensive set to round it off with the great '52 songs . Some pretty big Hank standards were recorded that year , including , Your Cheatin Heart and Take These Chains From My Heart , as well , as many others . If you already have a basic Hank Collection with the big stuff from ' 52 , then this may be the way to go . The Luke the Drifter and Audrey duets seem to throw off the rotation a bit , which is why I will always reccomend Original Singles Collection , which contains all the singles released under the name Hank Williams -LRB- all of '52 included -RRB- plus , many great unreleased demos on the second half of the thrid disc . You can pick it up used on Amazon for a similar price as this set . Even if you buy it new , it will be worth it .
 This boxset is better then the expansive Complete Hank Williams set and about 75 % cheaper . On 3 cds , each one is over 70 minutes long , you get every song that you need to hear from Hank Williams . The fourth is the Health and Happiness shows , while I didnt prefer those too much-hearing Hank talk is awesome . His voice is so cool and a good live performer . This is a essential set , a might buy for a music lover .
 This is a very good overview of the work of the Late Great Immortal Hank Williams . It includes some of his greatest hits and some great songs that were not hits . Along with rarities and 1 cd of Hank 's live Health and Happiness radio shows you get a complete picture of the mans work . I especially liked the 52 page booklet that contains an unvarnished account of the life of Hank Williams and a outstanding discophraphy . To get this much music and information for such a small price in this age of overpriced products is indeed a pleasant surprise .
 I have had this wonderful box set for less than a month , and I 'm already beginning to wear out the 4 wonderful discs . For the amount of money it costs , this is the greatest box set ever assembled , and I 'm sure of it . These 4 magnificent compact discs , cool cardboard case , and excellent booklet cost less than 25 dollars ! Although the first cd starts off a bit weak , and the forth cd has some songs that are n't Hank 's best , 90 % of the songs in this collection are absolutely impeccable ! Before I purchased this collection , I knew that Hank Williams was excellent , but I had no idea that he was a god . How on earth did such a simple and uneducated man write these lyrics ?! Some of the poetry in these songs , especially on the depressing and melancholy tunes , is comparable to the work of all of Europe 's greatest classical writers and poets . If you have the `` 40 Greatest Hits '' cd , you should still buy this ! This is because the demos at the end of disc three contain some of Hank 's best lyrics , and these songs are not included on `` 40 Greatest Hits '' . There is more to Hank Williams than just his hits ! He does n't just have great party songs , he also has extremely dark and cryptic songs about death and misery , and glorious and heavenly spiritual tunes . In conclusion , Hank Williams belongs up there with Robert Johnson , Louis Armstrong , Blind Willie Johnson , Blind Lemon Jefferson , Son House , Django Reinhardt , Bessie Smith , Louis Jordan etc. . In other words , Hank too , was the blues ; and he was a god !
 The music contained herein is a great overview of Hank Williams ' earlier work and includes many hits and many obscure tunes.If you 're a fan of toe-tappin ' early country music or if you 're a fan of the great Hank Williams Sr. , then this set is definitely for you.The sound quality is very good -LRB- although a few of the Health & Happiness show transcriptions are a mite scratchy , as are a couple of other tunes -RRB- and there a nice booklet all about Hank and the music . `` Hillbilly Hero '' is another fantastic value from the folks at Proper . How they manage to produce such great sets at such a low price is a mystery to me but I hope they never stop .
 I have had this wonderful box set for less than a month , and I 'm already beginning to wear out the 4 wonderful cd 's . For the amount of money it costs , this is the greatest box set ever assembled , and I 'm sure of it . These 4 magnificent cd 's , cool cardboard case , and excellent booklet cost less than 25 dollars ! Although the first cd starts off a bit weak , and the forth cd has some songs that are n't Hank 's best , 90 % of the songs in this collection are absolutely impeccable ! Before I purchased this collection , I knew that Hank Williams was excellent , but I had no idea that he was a God . How on earth did such a simple and uneducated man write these lyrics ?! Some of the poetry in these songs , especially on the depressing and melancholy tunes , is comparable to the work of all of Europe 's greatest classical writers and poets . If you have the `` 40 Greatest Hits '' cd 's , you should still buy this ! This is because the demo 's at the end of disc three contain some of Hank 's best lyrics , and these songs are not included on `` 40 Greatest Hits '' . There is more to Hank Williams than just his hits ! He does n't just have great party songs , he also has extremely dark and cryptic songs about death and misery , and glorious and heavenly spiritual tunes . In conclusion , Hank Williams belongs up there with Robert Johnson , Louis Armstrong , Blind Willie Johnson , Blind Lemon Jefferson , Son House , Django Reinhardt , Bessie Smith , Louis Jordan etc. . In other words , Hank too , was the blues ; and he was a God !
 This CD is one of the best Hank Williams greatest hit 's albums I 've seen around . It 's got almost all of his most popular songs such as ; `` I 'm so lonesome I could cry , '' `` Long gone lonesome blues , '' `` Jambalaya , '' `` I Saw The Light , '' etc as well as many rarer songs and Luke the Drifter songs . Though it is still not complete . It is missing a few well-known songs like `` Your Cheatin ' Heart , '' `` Angel of Death , '' and a few others . And there are a whole lot of other not so well known songs that are not featured on the album that are really good , such as ; `` Alone and foresaken , '' `` Please do n't let me love you , '' `` Someday you 'll call my name , '' `` I ca n't escape from you , '' among a few others . I definitely reccomend buying this CD though and then picking up the slack with other greatest hits albums , the album `` Alone and Foresaken , '' and other Hank Williams albums that features rare songs/demos .
 This will give the casual listener some songs he may never have heard as well as the old Hank standards , but is not to be confused with The Complete Hank Williams boxed set . For some reason the songs recorded in 1952 -LRB- and others -RRB- are not included . If this is not important to you , this is a great value at less than $ 20 . The quality of the recording is excellent as is the packaging . Check out the other sets from Proper Records as each is a great value.Eddy 's Song
 I 'm really impressed by this 4 CD collection . Apart from his last 1952 the CD 's covers Hank Williams ' entire career . hough it 's slightly frustrating having to look out for his last recordings somewhere else , this is really a great buy . The sound surprisingly good , even the radio acetates from his Health and Happiness shows sound good , and it 's very interesting to experience a little of how Williams was a a live performer . The 52 pages booklet contains a detailed biography and a lot of information about Hank 's sessions and recordings.Highly recommended
 Those who can appreciate the worlds finest singers like Billie Holiday , Frank Sinatra , Edith Piaf , Louis Armstrong and Bing Crosby , can also appreciate Hank Williams . Hank Williams swung , I mean he always had a good rhythm section backign him -LRB- with a slap bass -RRB- , and always kept a great tempo , and always sung with that boogie woogie twang . This cd set is a great deal , and a budget price . These are Willaism most essential recordings his earliest stuff , that always did swing . This is definately an essential cd for those who want to hear the roots of rockabilly , or who want to know where Western Swing went afyer the 1940 's . Great steel guitar playing throughout , and wonderful swinging and occasioanl yodelling . another thing worth mentioning is Williams being so influenced by emmett Miller , the original artist to have a hit with Lovesick Blues . Buy this cd is it a essential for all who like Western Swing Combos , Rockabilly , Great Singers , and Vintage swinging western music .
 Not 13 , really 19 . Anyways . Hardcore Heaven 2 is another great collection of UK Hardcore music . You get your Happy , Gabber , and Freeform all together . Seems like ppl are still stuck on saying that Hardcore is 140 BPM , we dont live in 1991 anymore ! Your Happy Hardcore alone goes around 170-175 BPM.SY starts us off with a nice bouncey mix , with some dark curves in there too . Brisk give us a pounding mix of HHC & Gabber . Kevin Energy is all Freeform.Hardcore Heaven 1 & 3 are better than this , but it 's a must have for anyone 's Hardcore collection .
 I usually hear all kinds of new music while listening to the hardcore channels on www.di.fm or in this case , www.happyhardcore.com I really enjoy this fast -LRB- 140bpm -RRB- type of music when I work out , though I like most electronic music in general . Personally , disc 1 , mixed by SY is my favorite . I would say that it is mainstream happy hardcore . Disc 2 is more just hardcore/gabber . I find that disc 2 is more annoying than enjoyable to listen too . Disc 3 , mixed by Kevin Energy , combines what the first two discs have to offer . Disc 3 starts out happy hardcore but flows towards the end of the CD into more hardcore rave like that found on disc 2 . Overall , I like the set and to anyone looking to buy it , it would not be a waste of money in my opinion . The more I listen to it , the better it gets .
 I originally checked this CD out from the library . I was so impressed that I had to buy it . The transcription is wonderful and I never tire of listening to it . Give it a try . You wo n't be sorry . I 'm a guitarist like the previous reviewer .
 as a guitarist i find this work truly great . I recommend this CD for every guitarist who does appreciate new transcriptions of serious classical works for guitar . Beautiful playing .
 Eduard Dupuy , a Swiss actor , singer , adventurer and composer , carved quite a career for himself in Sweden and Denmark during the years between the death of Mozart and the rise of Rossini . -LRB- He was actually Sweden 's and Denmark 's first Don Giovanni . -RRB- Apparently of a vocal range that encompassed both tenor and baritone , he tailored the role of Captain Rose in his opera UNGDOM OG GALSKAP -LRB- Youth and Folly-Copenhagen 1806 -RRB- to show off his own talents.The score , which unites vocal virtuosity with straightforward musical gestures , is a considerable charmer . The tunes are lovely and the orchestration is first rate . It is easy to see why it has held the stage in Denmark from 1806 right up to the present day.The current performance is first rate , with the wonderful -LRB- and ageless -RRB- Ulrik Cold in a character role that is the strong core of the cast . Djina Mai-Mai is a first rate coloratura soprano with eerily perfect high notes.The work is performed without its spoken dialogue and could really have fit onto a single CD . Even spread over two discs with a Dupuy Flute Concerto as the charming filler , this is not a generous program.The sound recording is excellent and there is an information packed booklet with full texts and translations .
 This is an excellent collection of twelve vintage tracks from some of the leading female country singers on the RCA label . From the 1960 's there 's Skeeter Davis -LRB- RCA 's first major country female star -RRB- and Liz Anderson each singing top 5 hits that earned the ladies Grammy nominations for Best Female Country Vocal in 1967 , Connie Smith is represented with her smash 1964 # 1 `` Once a Day '' which I believe is still the most successful single by a female vocalist on the Billboard country chart ; Dolly Parton alone represents the 1970 's with the original version of `` I Will Always Love You '' , while the 1980 's dominates this disc with K.T. Oslin , Sylvia , Juice Newton , Gail Davies , Louise Mandrell , and Deborah Allen , from the 1990 's Lorrie Morgan and Lari White are featured . These are the original hits and they sound great on CD . Sadly excluded on this collection of RCA country divas though are the outstanding 60 's hitmaker Norma Jean and where on earth is Dottie West , a top RCA star from 1963-1975 ?? This is the SECOND collection of RCA vintage country tracks that has excluded her that I 've reviewed in the last two days !! Somebody needs to pay attention at Direct Source !!! Nevertheless , this is a great set although a few song selections are curious , like one of Lorrie Morgan 's least successful records for RCA and I 'm surprised Gail Davies made the cut here since her stint at RCA was not particularly long or commercially successful although she recorded some fine music there -LRB- it 's a crime though her `` Jagged Edge of a Broken Heart '' was not the song used for this selection , not only was it her biggest RCA hit but it was one of the most underrated records of the era . -RRB- I am thrilled though to see the outrageously underappreciated Liz Anderson -LRB- a songwriter to rival Dolly and a great singer too -RRB- and Lari White -LRB- one of the best female singers of the 90 's -RRB- are here and this is a outstanding collection of music well worth the budget price and then some .
 BELAFONTE -LRB- LPM-1150 -RRB- , taped by RCA VICTOR in mid-August ' 55 , was Harry 's second LP and his follow-up toMARK TWAIN & OTHER FOLK FAVORITES . It 's a terrific set of songs produced by Henri Ren&eacute; that features Harry 's usual guitar accompanist , Millard Thomas , plus Tony Scott 's orchestra and the Norman Luboff Choir . Musicians include Maynard Ferguson , Bud Shank and Jimmy Guiffre.Three of these tracks were wittily parodied by Allan Sherman on his 1962 WARNER BROS. comedy debut , MY SON , THE FOLK SINGER . These are `` Matilda '' -LRB- My Zelda -RRB- , `` Jump Down , Spin Around '' -LRB- Pick a Dress o ' Cotton -RRB- and `` Water Boy '' -LRB- Seltzer Boy -RRB- . Belafonte receives lyric credits on `` Gettin ' Up Mornin ' , '' `` Troubles , '' `` Noah , '' `` Jump Down , '' and `` Suzanne . '' The album 's most famous song , the touching ballad `` Scarlet Ribbons , '' was actually recorded in 1952 . After Harry toured with it for four years , that old `` Ribbons '' take was included on this Billboard-topping LP . The set-closer , `` Sylvie , '' was written by Leadbelly -LRB- Huddie Ledbetter -RRB- . Although he 's not credited on the LP , Leadbelly also originated `` Pick a Bale of Cotton . '' -LRB- NOTE
 Proper does put together some nice box sets . This one is no exception , filling many gaps in a long career . Maybe it 's the time span covered , or just copyright issues , but , while good , it could have been better . I guess the Ellington work & Oscar Peterson pairings are good enough to buy on their own , but I think all 4 of the tracks from the James P. Johnson session could have been included ; and , if blues is to be included , I miss the work with Jimmy Witherspoon & Gerry Mulligan . Then there 's the European sessions from Ben 's twilight years . I see no indication on the box about the time span covered ; so it must be due to copyrights & maybe just the picks of the compilers . Still , a nice collection , even if listened to in ` random play/shuffle ' mode .
 This is a perfectly listenable box set of some of Ben Webster 's best recordings in his prime . If , unlike myself , you 're just moderately interested in Webster 's music -LRB- perish the thought -RRB- , then this box may suit you fine . Personally , I find Proper , while putting nice sets together , uses a little too much noise reduction resulting in a bit of a muddy sound , although I 've heard much worse -LRB- like I said , this set is quite listenable -RRB- . For those who may want to spend more dough , I would suggestComplete 1943-51 Small Group RecordingsandNever No Lament
 I have been buying many Proper Records Box Sets , and Big Ben with Ben Webster covers his covers with everyone from Fletcher Henderson , Benny Carter , Teddy Wilson , Duke Ellngton , Cab Calloway , Ben Webster , James P. Johnson , Woody Herman , Jay McShann , and Johnny Otis . He may be only one tenor sax in major jazz orchestras , quintets , and sextets , but he is in there with the best.Try Properboxes Boss Bird , Bud Powell Tempus Fugue-It , The Count Basie Story , The Sidney Bechet Story , Young Miles -LRB- Davis -RRB- , and Fats Navarro Story for extensive 4 CDs sets that became available after copyright ran out . Lester Young is a good bet . I could n't get Peggy Lee . This music from the Forties and Thirties was new to me and I could get it at a good price . Enjoy . Get down .
 Remember those cassettes friends used to make for you of their favorite music ? Well , they 're back , only they 're called Proper Boxes ! The sound is nowhere near as bad as on those Complete Duke Ellington 1925-38 sets you can buy in Germany for about 20 dollars . Those sound like they were recorded in a toilet over the telephone . But this set is certainly not all it could have been . Somewhere I read somebody ask the question `` Proper versus JSP ? '' That 's not even a question . JSP 's have fantastic remasterers doing their best . This set is only serviceable . But the music is wonderful and many of the tracks are almost impossible to find . So you have to get it . Should I review the music ? No , not this time ... Maybe later .
 Desde que supe de su existencia este disco me quito el sue & ntilde ; o.Tenia muchos deseos de escuchar algo nuevo de Silvio -LRB- aunque algunos temas no son tan nuevos -RRB- y ademas escuchar nuevas versiones para dos clasicos de Silvio como Dias y Flores y Mariposas.Un disco excepcional con un Rey Guerra inspirado en las seis cuerdas y temas de excepcion como Y tantos Huesos Chocaran , Derecho Humano y Sue & ntilde ; o Valseado.Muy alegre y muchas melodias hermosas.sinceramente un disco de un elevado sentimentalismo y evolucion.Silvio es otra cosa.Maestro !
 En verdad cre&iacute;a dif&iacute;cil que se pudiera mejorar la tetralog&iacute;a de Silvio-Rodr &iacute;guez - Dom&iacute;nguez - Descartes , pero con Mariposas de verdad me llev&eacute; una sorpresa porque no solo sobrepasa a su tetralog&iacute;a , sino que le imprime el sello de la m&uacute;sica cl&aacute;sica de Rey Guerra con la sensibilidad de la tesitura de Silvio en una forma tan grandiosa que dudo que alg&uacute;n trovador pueda alguna vez alcanzarlo . Y por si fuera poco , sigue en pie -LRB- despu&eacute;s de 30 a & ntilde ; os -RRB- la evoluci&oacute;n y la revoluci&oacute;n plasmada en toda su obra .
 en este CD se escuchan varios temas ineditos hasta ahora , aunque la canci&oacute;n que le da nombre al CD ya se encuentre en otro . Muy buen acompa & ntilde ; amineto de guitarra por parte de Rey Guerra , logrando un ambiente m&aacute;s arm&oacute;nico musicalmente .
 You may all laugh at this
 Este disco simplemente es perfecto , con el sue & ntilde ; o de por siempre de Silvio de interpretar m&uacute;sica cl&aacute;sica , pero que mejor con un amigo y compa & ntilde ; ero , y compatriota como lo es Rey Guerra , un excelente guitarrista , que unidos al talento innato de Silvio , hacen de una obra no menos que maravillosa ... Es realmente impresionante el sentimiento y la calidad de este disco
 I own almost all of Silvio 's albums - he 's one of my favorite musicians , with beautiful melodies and music and profound lyrics . This album is amazing in that Rey Guerra 's fantastic guitar really adds to Silvio 's already intricate songs - some of these are new songs , and some newer versions of old songs such as Dias y Flores . Wow .
 Aunque resulta muy dificil tener preferencia por alg&uacute;n disco de Silvio , &eacute;ste es seg&uacute;n mi opini&oacute;n el m&aacute;s completo de esta segunda etapa que se inici&oacute; con el disco `` Silvio '' . La impecable guitarra de Rey Guerra junto a la de Silvio , crean una atm&oacute;sfera distinta solo vista anteriormente en su disco `` Causas y Azares '' . Las nuevas versiones de `` D&iacute;as y Flores '' y `` Mariposas '' que ponen los pelos de punta a cualquiera . Definitivamente mi preferido .
 Pls let m e know when this CD will be available Also I want to be explain why if this CD and the other with same name but import , have the same songs ... why so different prices?I want ot know when the CD DESCARTES from the same author will be available . Price and in how many days I will received my cdThanks
 Holmboe composed prolifically , turning out more than a dozen each of symphonies , quartets , and chamber concertos . DaCapo recorded a complete set of all 13 chamber concertos on four individual CDs , apparently never sold as a package , and they are available even though out of print . I 'm letting this one review stand for all four CDsHolmboe was a consolidator , not a trail-blazer . His music is fluent and tonal , with seasonings of dissonance . He has a sound grasp of structure and tends not to overstay his welcome
 This cd is essential for all fans of Johnny Winter . I 'm fairly new to `` discovering '' Johnny Winter . What an amazing , and very underrated talent.This collection of songs demonsrates Winters ' early guitar work with various other artists and bands . Very Hot .
 This cd set is well worth your money ! The Chieftains have always been my favorite Irish group and the music is so ... IRISH . It has toe tapping , haunting and serene music all at one time . You could n't buy a more perfect gift for your listening pleasure.It really makes you want to back to the Irish Pubs and listen to the sessions they have . Do n't pass this one up .
 This set is for lovers of Irish music or others who just enjoy good music . It is the Chieftains at their best ! The music is pure , toe-tapping , lively and tender . All things Irish .
 Fantastic!Great to have these early discs available A must for lovers of Celtic music
 Don Mock is probably best known as the founder of G.I.T. -LRB- the Guitar Institute of Technology -RRB- . Yes , he is an experienced guitar educator , but this CD is evidence that he is also a brilliant player and composer . This is not just some `` behold my chops '' recording of speed drills . Don 's playing occasinally hints at the influence of Mahavishnu-era John McLaughlin with a sprinkling of Scofield , but his voice is completely his own . The songs are great , the playing is flawless , and there 's no gratuitous fuzak fluff here . Yes , there are some clever musical constructs -LRB- `` oooh ! didja hear that tasty melodic minor bit ? '' -RRB- , and these compositions are somewhat complex . Bear in mind that this man 's curriculum educated literally THOUSANDS of pro guitarists . Take a listen and see why he is considered a `` player 's player '' .
 Since I learned from Don 's videotape `` The Blues from Rock to Jazz '' in the eighties I have been in search for this album . Don is a phenomenally gifted teacher and guitar player with a style of his own . I was hooked by his style learning from the videotape -LRB- a tape that I suggest to every player , guitar players mainly of course -RRB- and now finally I own this one , which is a rare out of print cd . I found this one on Itunes -LRB- Amazon has it too , but I 'm in Italy and the download from Amazon is not available -RRB- and in a minute I had it . Crazy ! , if you think that I searched the world for this one in the passed years ! =-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- Well now I have it ! I 'll say that Don write exceptionally beautiful music that really makes this album a `` must have '' for everyone interested in good , really good music . It is a very jazzy music of course , with a touch of electronic extravaganza that some people may like , some may not . Don is a fabolous soloist , really fabolous , he 's a lot into Charlie Parker but he does n't stop there . His style is well rounded in every idiom , ... but here and there you 'll find Bird language . In some tunes , like in the second one , `` Robben 's bebop blues '' that stuff is allround of course . That one is a tune a lot of guitar players may remember because it was in the tape , just at the end of the lesson and he used it , exactly to explain Parker 's phrasing on blues progressions . But I was saying Don does n't stop on Bird . He developed a style which incorporates a lot of influences , John McLaughlin over any one else maybe -LRB- listen to `` Apache nightmare '' for example , ... there 's a lot of Al DiMeola too -RRB- . What really makes this album stand out are the compositions . Really beautiful ! The album is various , it goes from bebop blues to acoustic , to fusion type of things , all created and executed at the state of the art level ! Some people may like or not Don 's use of the synth guitar . I think that he uses it with a lot of taste . And that it adds some spice to the recipe of this album . The thing that to me does n't work sometimes are the electronic arrangements -LRB- electronic programmed drums and keys stuff -RRB- that sometimes really are a little dated and sounds too mechanical and artificial . If those tunes were played by real palyers they would be even more great ! But I care for the music , ... in a sense for the substance that lies behind , and with Don 's there a lot of it ! A magnificient player and a magnificient album . Finally I have it .
 This is a good intro into the French part of Bechet 's remarkable career ; the recordings span from 1949 to 1958 ; half of them are with Claude Luter -LRB- cl -RRB- in one or another combination ; most feature prominently him or other Bechet 's French collaborators , but the most rewarding tracks , at least for me , are the tracks `` avec ses amis americains '' ... Actually , I have heard few other recordings with Teddy Buckner -LRB- cornet player very much in young Satchmo 's vein -RRB- so I 'm sorry Teddy is on only one song -LRB- Bechet 's `` Souvenirs de la Nouvelle Orleans '' -RRB- and I 'm also sorry that Bechet 's trio with Lil Hardin -LRB- p -RRB- and Zutty Singleton -LRB- dm -RRB- is represented with only one track -LRB- Carmichael 's `` Rockin ' Chair '' -RRB- ... Without intending any disrespect for French Dixielanders , I believe that the best Bechet 's recordings I 've heard even from this stage of his career are with American musicians ... I must add another thing
 Thanks Amazon ! At last , after 39 years of searching I got the REAL Petite Fleur , which is of course Sidney Bechet All Stars . Very reasonable price too , and a bunch of great tunes !
 These 2 CD 's have the highest percentage of really popular favorites from my boyhood days . -LRB- Many songs called Reggae are actually RockSteady music -RRB- Thank you Lynn Taitt , for slowing down the Ska beat in 1964 .
 My purchase of Lets do Rocksteady the Story of Rocksteady 1966-68 is all i expected it to be and some , in a word MARVELOUS .
 This volume is essential to any collection of Jamaican music.From the illustrative liner notes to the gorgeous harmonies & arrangements . I have heard no better example of the Rocksteady period of indiginous Jamaican pop music .
 I used to hear old reggae at a record store I worked at and have been looking for that CD ever since . I still have n't found it but I 've found some great music trying to find it , including this compilation.The music here is really great and I guess this music was the precursor to reggae music . I never heard of it before but I 've listened to it many times and I love the music and the grooves . One can hear the influence of early 60 's pop crooners and doo wop here and on top of the laid-back grooves , it 's a great sound .
 This CD , one of a set of three , is dedicated to a long neglected composer who was unique in its use of a string quintet with two cellos . Schubert composed one marvelous string quintet but Boccherini is the reference point of the genre , having composed no less than 141 of them . The Quintetto Boccherini was created in the early 1950s and for over 40 years performed this music in an inspired career of concerts worldwide . They had recorded quite a few LPs -LRB- EMI , Ensayo , Italia -RRB- but almost nothing had appeared on CD until now . Starring cello master Bonucci and viola virtuoso Sagrati , this CD excels in energy and poetry . Its melancholic character brings us back to the early romantic period when it was composed by the author at the Spanish court . Others have recorded this music , usually with a guitar instead of the second cello , but this is the original for five strings and a must for any lover of this kind of music .
 WELL I LIKE THE MIGHTY CLOUDS OF JOY . AND THE SONGS THAT THEY SING . AND THAT SONG ISON THE MONEY . AND THAT SONG GIVE ME A GOOD FEELING IT IS RIGHT ...
 The title of this review refers to the seldom-encountered phenomenon of the ` best of ' collection that is exactly that
 A young guy with a adult voice . He sings with feeling and sometimesbetter then the original artist .
 I love this type of music and I can honestly say I prefer Ray Quinn 's singing to Sinatra 's . I love to play this and never tire of his voice . He sounds great on every song . Ray Quinn 's smooth and sultry voice belongs in Vegas . Too bad I have n't seen him promoted in the U.S. at all , which is a shame since Simon Cowell definitely has the power and ability to do so . Ray Quinn is definitely `` under-estimated '' and not given nearly enough credit for his great voice . Hopefully , someone will market him properly , including in the U.S. Best of luck to you Ray !
 Sinatra , Dean Martin & Bobby Daren rolled into one . The best new ballad singer to come along in a very long time ... Awesome
 TRACKS
 Here 's what 's included on this single : Falling Away From Me -LRB- Radio edit -RRB-
 Hey `` Sean Olson '' is found on the Crow 2 soundtrack along with Deftones and many other great bands . The song `` Proud '' is found on I Know What You Did Last Summer '' soundtrack . Hopefully this helps , and by the way Jingle Balls is a great song . Thanks ,
 this is one of their best songs from Issues and it should definitely be recognized.buy this single cd for fun and to collect . i did and now i have a nice little KoRn collection !
 Love the mixes on this CD . `` The Camel Song '' can be found on `` The End of Days '' soundtrack . Bad movie good soundtrack .
 Yes , the recording is primitive compared to today 's standards . That does n't stop us from listening to Robert Johnson , does it ? And the quality here is way beyond those seminal blues recordings . Maybe it 's because I 'm such a Shearing fan , but I love the heck out of this box set . The performances are wonderfully crisp and precise -LRB- what else would you expect from Shearing ? -RRB- For the pittance that this set goes for -LRB- mine was $ 14 bucks plus shipping -RRB- , it 's worth many times more . I 've got a ton of Shearing 's recorded work , and I 'm sure glad that I added this to the collection .
 A firstrate introduction to George Shearing . An excellent overview of early Shearing , until he went to America . It arrived very promply . I would recommend this set to any true jazz enthusiast .
 These quartets show Holmboe to be as skilled a composer for chamber strings as for what I think to be his favorite vehicle -- Nordic brass and winds . The entire set of Quartets from Marco Polo is worth the investment in time and money . Music which grows with repeated hearings . Recommended . Recording quality slightly short of the BIS standards but nevertheless quite fine .
 The word Groove is used.Bassist Tommy Shannon qualifies - -LRB- of SRV Double Trouble -RRB- AND the bassist we have featured on this particular disc - Jerry Jermmott . Mr. Jermmott is simply a monster of ` in the pocket ' bassists . Plus he hosted Jaco on the only Pastorius Bass Instruction Video in the publication.Jerry is sooo good!This can not be highlighted enough . Listen to Jerry run the medium tempo of `` Every Day I Get The Blues '' . It is no wonder that after BB KING won his Grammy in 1970 for `` The Thrill Is Gone '' he went bowed to Jerry and said , `` Thank you ! '' . That CD was `` Completely Well . `` Nuff ` said !
 I bought this CD on a whim . I knew nothing of either of the performers or the composer , but I am a fan of Danish song so I thought I 'd give it a try.The songs are wonderful -LRB- the first two songs on the disc are among my favorites -RRB- and the singing/playing is top notch . Inger Dam-Jensen is an established singer of both art song and opera . Her work on this CD truly extraordinary , not only technically but in terms of interpretation as well . Mr. Teglbjaerg -LRB- pronounced Tile-byehr -RRB- does a fine job at the piano.Composer Peter Heise lived during the time of Schumann and Brahms , and though he is n't as famous as either of them , his songwriting ability counts him among the best . Highly recommended .
 Milt Jackson needs no introduction as one of the master 's of the jazz vibes . Aside from the observation that the vibes are one of my favorite instruments for jazz , this is simply one of the best albums out there . Some jazz classics , along with some lesser known pieces . This is a must own for jazz lovers .
 ... brother milt -LRB- you hafta be a true master of your craft for me to call a man my brother - believe that ! -RRB- owns the word BRILLIANCE ... the music on here reverberates so crisp and cleanly that i cant believe that this wasnt made just yesterday . i keep expectin someone on the recording to yell fire due to the way brother milt is handling thangs !! this was my first introduction to him and i aint complainin !! you wont either , trus ' me ! you gon na especially enjoy the way he handles his interpretation of the blues on this ! get it before it 's too late !
 This is such soothing music . Like a vacation , it speaks to the recesses of the mind and body . Simple and strong . This gingko biloba for the mind and ears is great ambient music . I recommend it to anyone .
 Philips has provided us with a nice version of Wolfgan Amadeus Mozart 's -LRB- 1756-1791 -RRB- `` commedia per musica in Quattro atti '' with a cast that is superb , orchestration that is full and complimentary and a sound that is as rich and consistent as a CD quality transfer can make it . This is not a `` live '' recording so there is a level of evenness that makes listening a pleasure - meaning no loud or soft spots that can sometimes irritate . As with other tape-to-CD conversions , I am at a loss to understand the occasional abrupt stops near the end of one song and manner of transition into the next . It just seems this could have been handled better . I have heard this on a number of recordings lately where the effort to pack everything in on the limited space suggests the need to cut some songs short . Still , this 3 CD offering is a technically good one . The score is delivered smoothly by the BBC Symphony Orchestra , Sir Colin Davis , conducing and the singers are succinct , clear , and in sync throughout , as in the recitavio , `` Evviva ! - Evviva ! Sung by Wladimiro Ganzarolli as Figaro , Mirella Freni as Susanna , Robert Tear as Basilio , Yvonne Minton as Cherubino and Ingvar Wixel as Il Conte di Almaviva . This is one of those cuts where you will notice the abrupt ending . In spite of these obvious flaws in cutting , the 3 CD set is a worthwhile buy because of its other technical merits in sound , vocal and orchestral achievement .
 This Cd is very good , the reason I gave it a 4 is because , the ` Gunning Down Romance ' song sounds the same on this Cd as it does on the ` Affirmation ' Cd . Every thing else is great !! If you love Savage Garden than you should read more about me o.k ? Love , Juli a.k.a. Darin
 The mature style that Bent Sorensen established at the end of the 1980s is centered around the concept of decay
 This album is not completely reminicent of Kid Loco 's earlier work . It has a much more solid trip-hop theme to it than any other of his CD 's and features some real complex production.The beauty of this album can truly be appreciated if you do n't focus on the fact that he is remixing other artist 's works . Kid Loco deserves more credit for this album than to compare it to the individual songs from whence it came . You should sit down and listen to this one the whole way through because it certainly is an integrated musical journey.The beginning of the CD is atmospheric with some long repeated hip hop grooves -LRB- no rap thank god -RRB- which somehow do n't become tiresome . After some nice jazzy remix of Jazzanova , the middle section takes you on a real trip with some extraordinary sample manipulations and scary atmosphere . The CD finishes of with some other great tracks which calm you down a little before you are thrown back into the real world as your CD player whirrs to a halt.After listening to this album , I find I ca n't go back to Kruder & Dorfmeister 's K&D Sessions - it pales in comparison .
 wow , this CD is amazing.So good i scrached it after 1 year and bought it again.Put your earphones , play this disc and take a walk.Its so good that walls are almost changing colors.this jazzanova song is incredible.I dont like evrything from kid loco.Only this cd and Grand love story .
 What does the whole DJ Kicks series try to accomplish ? This is not an easy question but owning several of their CD 's , this one was the first in a long line . I bought this out of curiosity really after loving Kruder and Dorfmeister 's K & D sessios -LRB- which is a must must buy -RRB- . I was getting a little overwhelmed to tell you the truth at the time with hard trip hop , trance , and techno . I still love it just as much as any other music , but i wanted to try something new . I know we as reviewers should be a little more sophisticated sometimes and try not to catagorize music that is otherwise hard to catagorize but i 'll make it simple ... i have no clue where to put this one . This is the one mix that i ca n't put into a genre or a few to be exact . It is so dense and different that i do n't know what to call it . It ties for the best of the DJ kicks series with Smith and Mighty , Thievery Corporation , and of course Kruder and Dorfmeister . If you own these already , then you know what to expect out of another great addition to this collection . If you do n't and you have no idea what i 'm talking about , you must buy this if you are into new stuff . I listen to this all the time because its so different , acid jazzy , and soothing . You might find it a little crazy and terbulent to listen to at first as its shifting from one distinct mellow sound to a crazy gingling sound but beware , it will get addictive after a few more listens . He is a relatively new DJ and new to the electonica scene to put it bluntly but he does not disspoint ... bottom line , buy it now if you are ready for an addictive new taste from techno , trance . Buy it now if you love acid jazz , downtempo , low drum and bass , and . . well you know what i 'm talking about ... This CD really Kicks other DJ 's mixes
 I ca n't believe how fast time has gone by . This is Kid Loco 's DJ Kicks , from 1999 or so . What 's funny is remembering when Loco was IMO at his height , late 90 's early 00 's - one of his songs even appeared in a Victoria 's Secret commercial . From remixes to chill-out to downtempo and even a dash of hip-hop and Indy , Kid Loco is n't one that discriminates different musical styles . The French DJ/Producer finds a way to get them to blend together , and it 's on display in this K7 ! DJ Kicks - a label and series that 's included dozens of top producers and DJ 's including Thievery Corporation , Kruder/Dorfmeister , Carl Craig , Daddy G. , Truby Trio , DJ Cam and many , many more.I liked this set . It opens up well with a little intro before going into Indian ambiance with `` Om Namah Shivaya '' , but layered over Cinematic Orchestra 's Continuum and touches from Future Pilot as well . That 's a heck of an introduction ... the darkness in the Cinematic Orchestra track is so typical of Ninja Tune in the late 90 's ... heavy and foreboding ; what you 'd expect of the label who were promoting Amon Tobin , Bonobo and DJ Shadow . Emperor 's New Clothes was a great follo up with `` Dark Light '' , but Jazzanova 's `` Introspection '' was a wonderful , dreamy floating tune that really showed you that this Kollectiv from Germany had arrived . Another track I love to this day , is Boards of Canada 's `` Happy Cycling '' . Loco did a great job with this one , letting it come in right after `` Jesus Christ Almighty '' . I 'm a huge B.O.C. fan , and the beat to that one is pretty sick . But speaking of `` Jesus Christ Almighty '' , it 's a very off-beat , quirky title that somehow feels appropriate on the album - in fact there 's something about the song I absolutely love.All in all , this is a great DJ Kicks . His goal was to come up with a kind of electronic/psychedelic album with the odd broken beat -LRB- think along the lines of vintage Om Lounge types from 99-2001 or so -RRB- and lyric-less hip-hop styles . It really is something else , and a testament to that time in music where you had several DJ 's and producers experimenting with sounds and blending , etc. . St. Germaine , DJ Cam , and Loco ; all France based , and all fantastic in the late 90 's / early 00 's and Loco 's DJ Kicks is a worthy addition to the franchise . This is pretty blunted , but not coma enducing . Like Cam 's DJ Kicks , but not as hip-hop based , more electronic mixed in .
 Having the entire Kid Loco - this is a welcome addition -LRB- suprisingly my first of the DJ Kicks series -RRB- KL 's seamless style moves the listener from one track to the next and effectively one track does not necessarily follow musically on from the other . KL 's rendition of Boards of Canada 's ` Happy Cycling ' is hypnotic .
 Kid Loco does it all on this one . He comes up with an album that can be listened to on so many levels . If you leave it on as `` background music '' it 's sexy and unimposing . If you listen to it closely you 'll notice clever layering and intricate mixing/sampling . His choice of songs is impeccable , and he avoids at all times falling back on the generic drum & bass beat that most dj 's use when they ca n't think of something more creative . The guy may look like a dorky Parisian , but he can groove like you wo n't believe . This album goes beyond just `` booty music '' and creates a whole that rewards the close listener and borders on the sublime at times . Just good grooves that synthesize perfectly the laid-back sensibilities of acid jazz and the heavy beat feel of hip-hop .
 I am a black female , and this man makes me want to leave my job , lounge in my favorite recliner , drink several martinees , and feel beautiful . This album is sensuous .
 This album has to be experienced . Kid Loco merges heavy beats , ethereal ambience , and avant-garde jazz seamlessly . I 'm not sure how much he actually modified each of these tracks from their original state , but even if he left them unchanged , his choice of songs , their order , and the transitions he provides would still be proof of his genius . Each track leads into an unpredictable yet somehow smooth follow-up , and just when you think Kid has reached his climax he brings the intensity back . Not just a `` booty '' or a `` pothead '' album -LRB- although it could certainly be put to those uses -RRB- , `` DJ-Kicks '' transcends all boundaries and can be savored on so many levels . The casual listener will find a mix of sensual ambience and head-bopping beats . Yet it will reward the close listener for hearing the clever samples , delicate layering of sounds , and the breathtaking transitions .
 Kid Loco is a relative newcomer as a professional DJ , the opportunity springing up initially from his success as a producer and remixer of laid back tunes . This mixed set of songs reflects both his eclectic taste in downtempo or psychedelic instrumental hip hop -LRB- as the CD aptly labels it -RRB- , and a competent skill of track blending . The result is an album that stands above his `` Jesus Presents ... '' collection and upholds the quality of the DJ-Kicks series.The CD begins with a clever little intro , `` Do n't You Know I 'm Loco , '' then really starts with the slow beats and India chants of `` Om Namah Shivaya , '' a melancholy tune that works even if ethnic vocals are n't your thing . It turns to a series of hazy hip-hop instrumentals predominately off the Ninja Tune label , but thankfully lacking the label 's signature too-lazy abstract jazz/funk sound . The highlight of the bunch is DJ Vadim 's `` Theme From the Conquest of the Irrational , '' followed by the equally stellar `` Introspection '' by Jazzanova . The album now begins to take a turn for the worse , as the odd , male off-key chanting of `` Dark Soul '' is unsettling , and is followed by the bagpipes -LRB- ! -RRB- mixed into and screwing up the subdued guitars of Underworld 's `` BlueSki . '' But order is quickly restored on subsequent tracks -LRB- with the jarring exception of the painful horns and chanting of `` Attitude Adjuster '' -RRB- and ends with Kid Loco 's exclusive `` Flying on 747 . `` The scoreboard
 Kid Loco brings an ambient/trip-hop/acid jazz/edgy audio trip with this DJ Kicks installment . In fact , it is very difficult to define his schtick -- and that is probably the finest compliment you can pay to this album . This mix provides a sort of gooey , funky , artsy background soundtrack to chilled-type indoor activities . It definitely requires additional listens and a worthy sound system to guage its true value .
 Of all the K7 DJKicks this one is unique . I have no words to describe what I 'm hearing but it sounds like a genius having a good time doing what he loves to do . With the exception of Future Pilot aka , the Cinematic Orchestra , DJ Vadim , Jazzanova , and Boards of Canada all the artist on this cd are totally unknown to me , but I still enjoy hearing this cd again and again.Sorry folks , but I have nothing bad to say about this cd and I will problably look for other Kid Loco mixes .
 Why are you listening to music per se , if you 're not listening to THIS ! I have no idea why this album does n't have a full five-star rating . If you 're going to put down great music it better be because you 're a musician putting out better material . -LRB- It may seem like I 'm defending this album over a measly half-star but I 'm just endorsing it heavily and this is my method . -RRB- I made a mistake when I first came across this album during a visit to Seattle because I did n't snatch it up then and there -LRB- even though I got to hear the whole album -RRB- . After a month of futile searches in music stores from Seattle to New Orleans , I decided to make it my first purchase from Amazon when I discovered Amazon had the album in its stock . Yes , this album was musically strong enough for me to endure the hassle and initial misgivings of ordering something over the Internet . While this is not a plug for Amazon , this is a definite plug and testament to the hold and strength of this music after listening to it only once.On that note , this album , the music on it , is evolutionary . This album embodies the future of intelligent DJ mixing . Sure , I think John Digweed 's ` Bedrock ' is intense and wild after the initial songs on both CD 's , but I can still find other DJs who mix in his vein and style , using his approach . I ca n't say that about Kid Loco 's DJ-Kicks album , and neither can you -LRB- unless you 're listening to something I and the rest of the world has n't yet heard of -RRB- . The only other DJ music mix that resembles this effort by Kid Loco is the other DJ-Kicks release by the Thievery Corporation . But they only resemble each other in the intelligence of mixing choices and not in their sound or execution . In my humble and otherwise insignificant opinion , this album by Kid Loco is far more sumptious and haze-inducing than TC 's album , but get them both if you can . This is not an endorsement for the DJ-Kicks series , either . These are the only two DJ-Kicks albums I enjoy and listen to with any frequency , even six months after purchase -LRB- other DJ-Kicks albums were n't so great -RRB- . Take my word for it , I listen to a lot of music in general . A lot of good music , too . These albums , especially Kid Loco 's , stands out . As for a short description of the music , it 's deep , down , and murky , but not at all subterranean since it lifts , is very soulful , is full of epiphany , is completely accessible , and makes you proud to own and share it with others .
 I 'm very impressed with this outing by Kid Loco . One of the better DJKicks out there , just flows one song into another .
 I compare it to a cross between
 Got this cd , in a box of others , and this is a marvelous cd , for those quiet times ... My Pups slept right through the entire cd . . love it .
 Kurt Masur has really done it this time . There is just so much excitement in this work , with relatively little deviation from the score.This is , by far , one of the best recordings of this work I have ever heard and there is NO QUESTION that this recording out performs previous NY Phil recordings , most notably that of Bernstein 's , which is very virtuosic in it 's performance , but is so full of unneccessary -LRB- and unwanted -RRB- nuances in tempo and rhythmic drive that it totally ruins the piece.Masur 's tempos are very tasteful neither too fast nor too slow in sections . The brass is very clear and powerful , the winds technically brilliant , and the strings simply amazing . The second movement is very nice and the luster , power , and finesse he gives to unison strings/tutti statement of the theme toward the end of the piece is the best I have ever heard from an orchestra . The fourth movement is done very well , with only a few minor blunders -LRB- i.e. the opening , some crescendos could be bigger , and Masur added a brass part that was not in the score , again in the opening -RRB- . The `` moment '' , I think , with any Scheherazade performance is a very quiet passage about five minutes into the piece , where the oboe and clarinet sing the melody together with rhythimic drive in the horns , tambourine , and violas , and a playful obbligato in the violis -- here Masur captures it better than anyone I 've ever heard.The Flight of the Bumblebee is very brilliantly played , the strings together like no other recording.The Cappricio Espanol is passionate and eclectic in this performance , better than many other recordings I 've heard of this piece . The solos are spectacular and the luster and color given in this performance is a Philharmonic trademark.A perfect performance technically , lacking only every once in a while in artistic brilliance -LRB- i.e. pianos could have been more , crescendos bigger , ritards broader , etc. -RRB- , this is a very good recording that every Scheherazade lover should have . Compare it to other recordings with Karajan , Bernstein , Ormandy , or Reiner , and you 'll see the superiority in this performance .
 The Mogachaya Kuchka , or the Mighty Handful , were a group of Russian composers dedicated to raising the National music of Russia to greater heights . Rimsky-Korsakov was one of the five , and his music always has a `` Russian '' sound , sometimes even an `` Asian '' quality . This CD features three famous Rimsky-Korsakov works evocative of his nationalist sound
 This copy of Scheherazade is technically perfect , which is a trait of the current New York Philharmonic . However , I think that the low brass could have been louder -LRB- especially during the important tuba part in the first movement -RRB- . Movements 2 and 3 were really good , but there is some random coughing during crucial sections of these movements . The last movement was too slow during the fast sections and too fast during the slow sections -LRB- like the ending -RRB- . However , Masur delivers the BEST Capriccio Espagnol I have ever heard . Movement 2 was lovely , and the solos were outstanding in movement 4 . This copy has great sound quality , but it also muffles the low brass in Scheherazade . For a great Scheherazade , get the copy with Leonard Bernstein directing the New York Philharmonic . It 's not perfect technically , but it has got it where it counts .
 This now rather old Da Capo disc contains two of Per Norgard 's dazzling compositions from the 1970s , performed by the Danish National Radio Symphony Orchestra with Tamas Veto conducting the symphony and Jan Latham Koenig the second piece.In this era , Norgard 's great invention of musical structure was the `` infinity series '' , a striking method of serializing melody that creates self-similarity among orchestral parts , an unsuspecting application of fractal mathematics to music . This principle was first overtly displayed in the second movement of `` Voyage into the Golden Screen '' -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , available on a fine recent Da Capo disc , and listening to this is the best way to grasping the concept at its simplest . A given melody is played by the flutes in what can be called `` normal time '' , while the oboes play every fourth note , the trumpets every 64th note , and tubular bells , trombones , and piano every 256th note , and so on for 1024 notes . Norgard 's second symphony , written in 1970 , was simply an application of this same technique with a longer running time and expanded instrumentation.In the years immediately following , Norgard began developing harmonic and rhythmic techniques that would augment his melodic serialisation . For harmony , he chose to use the natural overtone series , since this is itself infinite
 This CD , one of a set of three , is dedicated to a long neglected composer who was unique in its use of a string quintet with two cellos . Schubert composed one marvelous string quintet but Boccherini is the reference point of the genre , having composed no less than 141 of them . The Quintetto Boccherini was created in the early 1950s and for over 40 years performed this music in an inspired career of concerts worldwide . They had recorded quite a few LPs -LRB- EMI , Ensayo , Italia -RRB- but almost nothing had appeared on CD until now . Starring cello master Bonucci and viola virtuoso Sagrati , this CD excels in energy and poetry . Its melancholic character brings us back to the early romantic period when it was composed by the author at the Spanish court . Others have recorded this music , usually with a guitar instead of the second cello , but this is the original for five strings and a must for any lover of this kind of music .
 A fun CD which will appeal to the sports lover , music lover and history lover in equal measure . The idea is simple . `` Play The Game '' contains 17 American and British songs , each one about a different sport . The songs were written between 1862 and 1913 . Listeners are likely to be drawn to the songs which illustrate their favourite sports . Many golfers will recognise the plight of the player in `` Caddie '' , written in 1900 , who pleads with his caddie , ever more desperately , to ` get me right out of this mess ' . Enthusiasts of British heritage will enjoy `` The Eton Boating Song '' , the song of Eton College , the elite British school where Lady Diana 's children , Princes William and Harry , were educated . The CD also includes a real historical curiosity
 In 1959 , following a string of drug busts in the United States , troubled trumpeter Chet Baker split for Italy ... where he promptly got arrested for some pill-related scam , and started up his same self-destructive patterns . But while Baker was having a hard time finding collaborators to work with back in the States , in Italy he was still lauded as a groundbreaking , idealized romantic player , and landed a sweet contract with the Italian branch of RCA Records . These sessions , cut in early 1962 with various European sidemen -LRB- after his release from prison -RRB- , are mainly competent , bop-flavored instrumentals , a notable change of pace from his usual penchant for ballads and softer material . The real draw on this CD reissue are a quartet of bonus tracks cut with a young Italian named Ennio Morricone as the house arranger . As Baker croons softly in Italian , there 's a hint of Morricone 's future lavish , expansive style , and the two meld quite nicely . Worth checking out , even if it 's not the most sublime material Baker ever recorded .
 This is one of the best Chet Baker albums I 've ever heard , though it may be a bit of a disappointment for casual Baker fans . Chet made a name for himself in the 50s recording west coast jazz with a very particular sound - mellow , intimate , melodic , and pretty . Most of his 50s music was not , however , reminiscent of his hard-driving , bluesy east coast counterparts . Many jazz writers pegged Chet as a mediocre Miles Davis impersonator , with a pretty tone , but no real chops . In the 60s , perhaps to dispel such notions , Chet expanded his repertoire into a more bop-oriented catalogue ; generally with mixed results . However , with `` Chet is Back ! '' , any perception of Chet as being an unemotional Miles imitator with no chops must be thrown out the window . Chet absolutely shines on this album - he shows that he can play quite well outside the middle register , and proves that he is a creative , and -LRB- most importantly -RRB- confident player . The fact that his Italian sidemen prove to be utterly outstanding does n't hurt the album either . Guitarist Rene Thomas is particularly worth the listener 's attention . This is not the Chet Baker of the 1950s , recreating the sound he had with the Gerry Mulligan Quartet . This is fast , exciting music . Even on the ballads , `` These Foolish Things , '' `` Star Eyes , '' and `` Over the Rainbow , '' the group 's energy never drops for a moment . For those who want to see how versatile Chet can really be , this album should be first on your list .
 This is my fourth Chet Baker CD , and I 'll probably play this one more than any of the others , mainly because it is so uptempo and fun . Chet tended to be sweet and mellow and slow , and could do ballads almost to a fault . The first eight instrumentals on here comprise the original 1962 LP , recorded in Rome with a handful of European sidemen who all sound like fine musicians to my admittedly unknowledgeable ears . Chet had been having a bad time , jailed for drugs in late 1961 , and he needed the dough this RCA one-day studio assignment dangled . I think he earned it . I have no idea how many sales this release racked up in Europe , or later in the states , but hearing it for the first time 40 years later , I just love it . Chet and his friends do a Monk tune , a Charlie Parker song , a Sonny Rollins composition , a blues written by Oscar Pettiford , and a pair of classic American standards . All well . The surprise of this part of the recording is the great ten minutes of `` Ballata in Forma di Blues '' by Amadeo Tommasi , the piano player of the studio bunch . Mighty nice piece . Less interesting are the bonus tracks
 Chet Baker was a man and a musician whose star shone before I was musically aware and by the time I became interested in jazz , he had become a drug-addled shadow of his former self . So , at the time I did not pay much attention to him as most of my contemporaries considered him a has-been and were listening mostly to the jazz-fusion that had come into vogue . Today , my musical horizons are wide and deep and so I am interested not only in contemporary artists , but in those who brought music to where it is today.Chet Baker is one of those artists whose catalogue is so vast , and his influence so far-reaching , that his career is deserving of a retrospective listen . I own several Baker CDs , with Chet Is Back ! being my latest acquisition.I picked this up on the recommendation of a number of reviews I had read and eagerly put it in the CD player when it arrived . Since I have only a few other Baker recordings , I had no preconceived expectations of how it should sound -LRB- cool vs hard bop -RRB- , and so was able to approach it with fresh ears and an open mind.Overall , I like Chet Is Back ! a lot . My favorites are the peppier tunes on which Baker displays his virtuosity like Well , You Need n't , Barbados , Star Eyes and a couple of other tunes where Baker 's ensemble really lets loose.The bonus cuts , which feature Baker singing in Italian , take a star from the CD . Baker 's singing is lifeless and adds nothing to the songs which would have been better off left as instrumentals . But perhaps they are important in that we can hear the style heretofore unreleased in the US that seemed to captivate his Italian audience at the time.Amazon has a habit of rating too many recordings as essential . With a canon as vast as Baker 's , it is likely hard to choose which of his recordings are truly essential and which of them are merely good . I would rate this CD as very good , but not necessarily essential unless you are a Baker completeist .
 The first eight tracks on this album were recorded in Rome and have been sometimes released asThe Italian Sessions . The final four tracks were not on the original album . They were , however , a collaboration with Ennio Morricone who arranged and conducted the backing orchestra while Baker supplied lead trumpet and vocals.On the first eight tracks - those are why I purchased this album . In addition to Baker , Bobby Jaspar is another of my favorite musicians . His flute and tenor saxophone playing greatly enhanced the music on those tracks . A big surprise - to me - is Armadeo Tommasi on piano on those tracks . I fell in love with his sound . Rene Thomas on guitar , with Benoit Quersin on bass and Daniel Humair on drums rounded out what I consider to be a solid ensemble . Every musician Baker rounded up for this album added something to the music.It is said by others that Over The Rainbow is one of the best renditions by anyone , and reason enough to own the album . I am not sure I would go that far , but there is more than a kernel of truth in that assertion . I will say that the energy and playing is reason enough to own the album . I sometimes forget the fire and intensity Chet was capable up - then I put this album on and it 's a jarring reminder.The final four tracks are totally out of character with the first eight . However , there is something special about Chet playing and singing with strings , orchestral horn arrangements and percussion backing him . He wrote these while in an Italian prison where , it 's apparent from his fluent singing in Italian , he gained some proficiency in the language.If you are a Chet Baker fan get this . If you are a Bobby Jaspar fan get this . If you happen to be die hard fans of both musicians , then , well , get this .
 If you like Chet , the trumpeter , this disc is a hidden gem . Recorded in Italy in the early '60s , it 's got European players on it . Good disc , particularly if you like Chet . If you 're just starting out with Chet , try some of his '50s output first , then get with this fine disc .
 I remember this album from my days as a college student . The title even then seemed appropriate enough , especially among the relatively small number of jazz followers who , at least at a Midwest School , were still waging the East vs. West Coast wars and who had cast their lots primarily with Miles as the bearer of the more living musical stream and Chet as its pale , limpid reflection . Even the critics seemed to identify Chet with entropy more than energy , perhaps because they were too busy at the time panning his singing.But listening to this album today reveals not only an immensely gifted , lyrical musician but a trumpet master who could , when he chose , play with fire and brassy-edged aggressiveness . If there 's one thing I 've learned about Chet , it 's the mistake of any rush to judgment about his playing -- or even his mental acuity . When I caught him live in the early '80s , I would have sworn I 'd heard the last of him . But 5-6 years later he was still playing strong on occasion and capable of giving thoughtful interviews that belie the diminished , rather depressing view we get of him in the posthumous movie of his life , `` Let 's Get Lost . `` His musical support on the date comprises a group of European all-stars , some familiar , like drummer Daniel Humair and flutist/tenor player Bobby Jasper -LRB- who married Blossom Dearie , played extensively with Donald Byrd , was a member of the Jazz Messengers , and had a Mercury recording contract -RRB- . I 'm not familiar with the pianist , who frequently could be mistaken for Red Garland . It just so happened that Chet 's `` Over the Rainbow '' was juxtaposed next to Jack Sheldon 's version on my music player . Jack , as usual , is to my ears more readily identifiable , somewhat reminiscent of an Art Farmer or Kenny Dorham but with a uniquely warm and inviting , glowing sound ; Chet , on the other hand , plays on this occasion with a fullness more suggestive of a Lee Morgan -LRB- with whom he shared an album title
 This is , hands down , one of the best undiscovered musical groups in the country . Very few people outside of Portland , Oregon have ever heard or seen them in action , and very few ever will , as Dr. Theopolis was started more or less as a joke . Ladies and Gentlemen , it has turned into a joke of stellar proportions . Most of the eight band members are with other local bands , so Dr. Theopolis is restricted to playing only one or two shows a year due to scheduling difficulties . They 've put out only two albums , so they 're not exactly prolific , and ` The Voice of the Future ' is the better of the two by far.But ... ` The Voice of the Future ' is one of the hippest , grooviest , funniest albums I 've ever heard . It is an EPIC dance album , the lyrics are sharp and the rhythm keeps you moving . Sheer awesome on steroids . With a wafro.Listen to it , love it . Simple as that .
 I purchased this cd when it first came out , largely because it contained some unsung ministry . I was not disappointed . The songs are good , but second to his live ministry . My favorite is the story he tells about picking up a hitchhiker who ends up a little `` ripe '' from not having bathed , and how easy it was to dismiss him , but how our Heavenly Father puts up and actually loves us through the foul stench of our sin . On this cd , Rich used humor and personal experiences to demonstrate God 's love for a fallen people . Definitely worth hearing more than a few times .
 Desert Rose is a magnificent piece of work that has brought together an epic mixture . A haunting melody superimposes an enigmatic middle eastern theme on top of layers of western beat to set the canvas for a desert fable . On that canvas , the powerfully composed lyrics paint a dreamy picture which get more complex with the accompanying Arabic vocals . Together , the pieces have created a hypnotic work of art rarely seen in today 's horrid shallowness of the rock scene . Desert Rose surpasses in accomplishment the similar epic classic from Led Zeppelin , Kashmir .
 This single has got to be one of the best songs I 've heard in ages . A perfect combination of dance music with an Arabic twist . Get it quick before it sells out !
 I just bought the single 2 days ago and I have played it over and over again . The music truly has a wonderful beat and it is definitely a keeper , you will not be disappointed . I promise !
 For so many artists today from the past , they always have to try to reinvent themselves to make a quick buck these days . That was truly the case for Sting . When he had his 1999 record Brand New Day on the market , he had a few fallbacks after the first few months on the charts . Then , as Desert Rose hit the charts , and the Jaguar commercial base , his record sales skyrocketed . For Desert Rose , it is considered a rhythmatic and soulful vibe between the Middle-Eastern world and our world in the West . The song just makes you want to get up and dance until Midnight . It is just a shame that people do n't give much respect to the Middle East now , because of War . Still , Desert Rose is truly a unbelieveable song to hear , and Sting keeps that unity alive .
 DNA is the dynamic duo of producer DJ Pierandrea -LRB- `` The Professor '' -RRB- and Argentinean producer Natalio Luis Mangalavite . These guys brilliantly mix together everything from tango to dub to minimal house to ethnic rhythms and drum and bass . Embellished with lush vocals on tracks like `` Turkish Flamenco '' and `` Groovy De Janeiro '' and an added ingredient of international flair as heard on `` Bulgarian Cha Cha '' and `` No More Matungo Waino '' , DNA 's Influences is guaranteed to `` influence '' you into getting that bottle of wine and letting go of your inhibitions .
 This CD struck a friend and I while exploring a bookstore . We could n't help but be struck by the smootheness of the album as we made our way around . I was so amazed that I had to approach the cashier and ask if they controlled the sound system and who was playing . DNA 's `` Influences '' definitely made an impression on the both of us as it had that different , should I say exotic , feel to it . The two DJs , one from Italy and the other from Argentina , definitely display their love for the genre here . Personally , I enjoy `` Groovy de Janiero '' . It 's a bit upbeat but remains apart of the Lounge scene . Enjoy ! -- Zulu
 If you love the Gotan Project as much as I do , YOU MUST check out RASA MUSIC 's ` DNA INFLUENCES . ' Everytime I listen to this album , it takes me to a magical place where tango meets the lounge lizard ! Imagine the smooth sounds of a trendy lounge mixed with the exoticism of tango music and a little drum-n-bass . For all those who do n't know , DNA is DJ duet -- Rome-based producer DJ Pierandrea -LRB- `` The Professor '' -RRB- and Argentinean producer Natalio Luis Mangalavite . These 2 always site their `` influences '' from a plethora of artists ranging from Antonio Carlos Jobim , Herbie Hancock , Frank Zappa to Kraftwerk -- With such a diverse group of influences , DNA purees them into a breezy , eclectic whirl of sound . At times the music uses piano and shuffling rhythms to give it a jazzy feel , at others the use of guitar and vocals are decidedly Latin . DJ skills and electronica wizardry play heavily into the mix giving the album a superb cutting edge flavor.If the summer could be summed up into one album , it would be this one -- it is absolutely perfect for summer lounging ... . as well as spas . Oh , and my fellow ` yoginis ' will definitely love this too !
 Thanks to Woody Allen and Se Tu Voit Ma M&eacute;re , I rediscovered Sidney Bechet . After looking over several albums on offer that featured his french years , I decided on this one which as it also had Nuages , September Song and Stormy Weather plus songs that I did n't know . Was a good choice . Like all the songs which is a good mix of beautiful melodies , big sound and some fun upbeat renditions like Promenade , Moulin , Rue des Antibes.An album that makes you feel good and wish you were in old time Paris .
 This disk captures performances he gave in France , where he lived for years . -LRB- He was French Creole and spoke French from his childhood . -RRB- If you share my husband 's and my enthusiasm for Bechet , do n't let this disk get away from you .
 Loved this cd . It takes me back to Paris every time I play it . First learned of the artist after watching ` Midnight in Paris ' .
 I would reccomend this CD to anyone who likes Sidney Bechet . If you 're not a fan you will be after hearing this beautiful music .
 Almost every track is a Bechet classic ... Bechet can be something of an acquired taste , some people do n't like the sound of the soprano saxe and his vibrato is hard to take at times , but he was the master of the instrument and was rivalled only by Armstrong in his dayA very satisfying CD .
 Les Annees BechetLike another reviewer , I was turned on to Sidney Bechet by Woody Allen 's Paris at Midnight , which used Bechet for the opening and closing titles . I ended upbuying essentially every Bechet CD I could find on Amazon . In my judgement this one is the best not only by containing the Paris at Midnight theme but other great numbers . Bechet 's September Song is truly great .
 i 've been told this is more of a Prayer than a Song.my Favorite Indian Restaurant plays this song thatlasts for 45 minutes or so . Some people find itrepetitive , i find it more soothing and spiritual.when i first heard this i thought the lyrics were , `` Set Me Down in Bollywood ... '' not realizing it wasa Serious , Beautiful piece of Music.thanks for reading my review ... Artist Of DOOM
 I first recorded this concert on the broadcast band from minight to 2 in the morning on christmas eve -LRB- 24 to 25 Dec -RRB- 1995 . This for many years was my most favorite tape , until it was worn out . Now it is avaliable nearly complete , and of much higher quality than with pops and fading . Vougue did us a favour this time by not processing the sound in any way . It is pure MONO with nothing artificial added.Sidney Bechet was in super form at this fantastic concert . He played with his two favorite bands , Andre Reweliotty and Claude Luter . The bands perform as one . It is interesting to note that Bechet deviated from his normal concert repetoir and played less for `` the gallery '' than normal . I like `` cet le Chaleston '' and `` Viper Mad '' more known to the Bechet collector than the ordinary listener.I do miss the short speach that Charles Deaunay gave when he presented Sidney with his first Gold record however . There is more than room for that on the second Disc , which is only half full . I highly recommend this Two CD recording.Hans J Weedon . A Bechet fan since 1948 .
 THIS CD IS OFF THE CHAIN . THESE ARE THE SONGS THAT I HAVENT HEARD IN A LONG TIME . WHEN I SAW THIS CD I HAD TO GET IT THIS CD IS AWESOME . IF YOU LOVE THE VIP MASS CHOIR THEN YOU WILL LOVE THIS CD . ALL OF THE SONGS ARE GREAT . I KNEW MOST OF THEM ANYWAYS BUT IT WAS STILL GREAT TO HAVE THIS CD . YOU NEED TO GET THIS CD IF YOU LOVE JOHN P KEE
 I love this CD !! This CD has all the great songs that I love from this group . I love John P. Kee !!
 What a reward to have listen to the pioneer songs of John P. Kee this was awsome .
 JOHN P KEE AND THE VIP MASS CHOIR IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE GOSPEL SINGERS OF ALL TIME . THIS CD IS OFF THE CHAIN . IT IS FILL WITH THE ANOTING . ONCE AGAIN THIS IS WORTH YOUR MONEY .
 This is a solid gospel CD for John P Kee fans after they have picked up his stuff with New Life Community Choir . `` Never Shall Forget '' is a quintessential John P Kee . This took me back to when I played this song with a college choir back in the mid-nineties . Many will also recognize the gospel hit `` Stand '' which sounds really different than a lot of stuff in Kee 's repertoire . The soloist along with Kee sounds a lot like one of the Neville Brothers to me . I also dug the track with Vanessa Bell Armstrong . John P Kee is a major voice in gospel music who 's a good bridge between your classic choir stuff of James Cleveland and GMWA to the more hip-hop and Kirk Franklin influenced gospel of today .
 This is a really good production but it is n't a fully compilation of what Duncan Dhu means to the spanish presence within the world music stage . Songs like `` En algun lugar '' are truly poems turn into songs with a deepest and maybe darkness contains , `` Jardin de Rosas '' and `` A tientas '' shows the potentially of this exceptional group . The powerful voice of Mikel Erentxum denotes all his passion and of course denotes his admiration for Morrisey -LRB- and of course for the Smiths -RRB- too.I really recommend , if you like this CD that you buy some of the other ones -LRB- like `` Autobiografia '' -RRB- cause Collection 85-98 it 's maybe a part of the best of Duncan Dhu , but not everything .
 For an extra 10 $ you get 30 more songs , it is so worth it ! The live version of `` en algun lugar ... '' on this cd is even better than the studio version ! Duncan Dhu were -LRB- are -RRB- an amazing acoustic rock band from Spain , the lyrics are very poetic , many of the songs are simple , yet deep . If you are interested in spanish pop/rock ... give this one a try ! DO NOT BUY THE USA VERSION OF THIS RECORDING AS IT ONLY CONTAINS 10 SONGS!You have to check out the tune `` rosa gris '' one of the most beautiful songs that I have ever heard period . Also '' a tientas '' , `` la casa azul '' , `` mundo de cristal '' , `` la barra de este hotel '' all are among the bands best , not to mention `` fin de amor '' which is a great blues tune , with really cool lyrics . The unreleased songs are all quality as well . This is a must have for all music fans !
 duncan dhu , simplemente un artista moderno que aun usa la guitarracomo los antiguos trobadores.sus canciones son para aquellosque tienen una imaginacion muy amplia para poder interpretara lo que se refiere.espero y este dueto perdure aunque elrock en espa & ntilde ; ol haiga pasado de moda ... si lo han escuchado conatencion sabran a lo que me refiero .
 In New York 's yester-year three DJ 's helped shape the sound of New York
 David Manusco was famous for his ` house party ' at the ` Loft ' , a place where dancing , food , light and exellent music all blend together -LRB- see the book `` Last night a dj saved my life '' -RRB- . He was even more famous for not mixing the tunes , but just play them from start till end.This compilation of ` forgotten ' disco , funk and early house tunes showes that his dj-style is understandable if you have the right grooves . A perfect set of cd 's , for dancin ' as well as for listening .
 I have been a punk fan for about 2 years now , and never have I heard such a strong debut album -LRB- I think it 's their debut -RRB- . Two of my favourite bands are Lagwagon and Ten Foot Pole . In my opinion , this CD is like a combination of the two bands . The harmonies and melodies are like those characteristic of Lagwagon , and the singer sounds like Dennis from TFP . Put this together with the lightning fast drumming of , say , NOFX , and there you have Over It - The Ready Series .
 I read all these reviews but never felt the need to write one ... until I heard this CD . This is an amazing band . I 'm big into fast punt and all that stuff and this CD is one of the best in its genere . This CD is fast , clean , melodic , and exactly what I look for in a great band . I hope these guys go far because they really deserve it .
 Wow ! I ussually dont like punk , but this album totaly changed my mind . I cant beleive how talented these guys are ! Dont take it from me though , pick up an album yourself . you wont regret it i promise !!
 This album is simply amazing . I found it accidentally but now I am so glad I did . The lyrics are strong and meaningful . The music ... well ... are there words for such great stuff ?
 Dynamite Album . This is n't even my kind of music , but It is great work . I can assure you that a lot of blood , sweat and tears went into making the album , writing the lyrics , and hours and hours went into the practice . These kids have been working for a few years to succeed , and I know they will . Maybe you think there is some prejudice here , but there is n't at all . Buy this album , you will really enjoy it .
 I have been a punk music fan for years now . My favorite bands are A new Found Glory and the Ataris . When I first heard this cd I was blown away . The vocals are amazing and the lyrics are heartfelt and sincere . The best songs on the album are 80 's movie anti-hero and 3am eastern , but they are all great . If you like music , you will buy this album !
 I have had this record for a while now and finally decided to say something about it . I have listened to it tons of times and it does not get old at all . You have to buy it ! It is wonderful !
 I ca n't believe how little-known Nordentoft is today . Absolutely breath taking music made by a passionate man . Bump this loud in the car in the night .
 This record is wonderfully painful to listen to . It will probably prove to set a new standard for future records , its like no other record I own . Easily one of the top 5 records of the year .
 I do declare that all four members of Khanate have crossed unheard-of barriers in time and space and stranger things , and have brought back with them the sound of deepest , darkest outer space . Much as I loved -LRB- in a very masochistic sort of way -RRB- the mind-disassembling feedback and bowel-rattling drones of their first release , I ca n't think of anything to compare to this album . The music blew me into nihility and rebuilt me from the ground up.Buy this album right now , and then until about an hour before dawn , and put it on . At first , you 'll think that the only thing that 's happening is Stephen O'Malley and James Plotkin bumbling around in the studio , but in fact they are subtly plugging you in and preparing you for the sludgy abyss of sound that will come.Then you will become aware of Tim Wyskida , apparently beating a bass drum the size of Mt. Everest , from several thousand miles away . It sounds disturbingly like huge footsteps , and they 're coming your way.Then the voices will start , and you will begin to question your own sanity . Can it really be the same Alan Dubin who spat blood at us in the first Khanate album ? Whatever it is , it does n't sound human , and it sounds like it 's coming from some catacomb deep beneath your feet.Then the first chords are laid down ... the guitar and bass seeming eerily clean and quiet compared to the previous sounds of Khanate , and yet bursting with harmonics and sub-harmonics that are so far beneath the human hearing range that you will feel them before you hear them . O'Malley and Plotkin strum out a dirge for the funeral of civilization , and you almost begin to think that you 're there , marching in the procession , with the mourners , behind the casket . It 's a long march through abandoned streets , drawing more masked and hooded participants as it goes along . Eventually it leads underground , deeper and deeper until it reaches the furthest and darkest tomb , and then the preacher gets up out of the crowd , throws back his hood , and reveals himself to be Alan Dubin . And boy , does he have some things to say ... I love Dubin 's voice so much that I even dug up some albums of his and Plotkin 's previous group , OLD -LRB- definitely worth checking out , if you can find them -RRB- . I can not say enough about this man 's -LRB- ? -RRB- vocal abilities . He does n't sing , he * emanates . * He takes raw thought and emotion and drives it into your mind like a red-hot katana . One of the things that struck me about his performance on this album was that Dubin 's words were actually quite clear and understandable -LRB- quite different from , for eg , the `` pseudo-Latin ramblings '' on Under Rotting Sky -RRB- . At first it will seem like none of the words have any relation to one another , but listen to the first two tracks a few times and you will get it . I myself have fallen completely in love with these lyrics , but maybe I 'm just messed up.Once you 've gotten to this point , there is simply no turning back . Khanate has sucked you into an infinite quagmire of nihilistic mental destruction . All you can do now is sit very still and stare dumbly at nothing while experiencing a series of terrifying -LRB- yet oddly delightful -RRB- hallucinations , occasionally emitting an odd random scream or two . Once it 's all over , you will truly begin to comprehend the mind-numbing magnitude of huge , scary , and unseen things that abound in this and other universes . Khanate will have turned you into a believer.My personal advice is , listen to this album , but never listen to it while actually reading Lovecraft ... I will never be the same again .
 I have always tried to find music that is so far beyond convention and so far beyond what you would call normal . This is it , folks . This is the album . Khanate 's Things Viral is the soundtrack to the apocalypse . Before and After . If you are sick , and I mean SICK , of all types of music , then this is for you.Seriously , what kind of mind produces music like this ? This is unbelivably slow , and so far beyond the typical `` Doom '' metal genre that they fall in , I do n't know what to call it . It 's also the BEST horror movie soundreack ever . Alan Dubin 's vocals range from a chilling whisper , to a horrific scream . Check out the last track , Too Close Enough To Touch . If you do n't feel like hiding in a corner and contemplating sucide , you are not human.For fans of Boris , Earth , and The Melvins , this may or may not be for you . The influences are there , but Khanate have definetly taken these influences and made them their own . Listening alone at night is reccomended .
 Khanate is a band that inpires a lot of hyperbolic critical vomiting -LRB- most who bother to review them in print rave ; most who are exposed to Khanate by `` friends '' tend to be horrified -RRB- . I 'm a fan , so here 's some positive expectoration
 I was way into metal as a young teen and then grew away from it . I 'm into about everything , but thought most metal these days was just dumb and following an old formula that was done much better in the past anyway . Then I heard this album . It is a true mix of psychedelia , metal and ambient . It 's like a drug . I have n't been this tripped out by music in a looooong time . It makes me feel like a child again to hear it - it 's so illustrative . It reminds me of when I saw Herbie Hancock live actually - It 's music without boundaries - it 's not really even music in the traditional sense - it 's sort of like a sensory experience . Most people will hate this disc , but if you like the idea of laying back in bed , putting on a pair of headphones and disappearing in a very strange way for an hour , I think you will love this .
 Doom metal minus the metal.Okay , so that was n't really a sentence . It was a fragment . Whatever . This disc is frightening . This disc is oppressive . This disc is beyond slow . Yet at the same time , it is introspective , detailed , and honest.I was first introduced to Khanate by way of their s/t LP . I was n't very impressed , honestly , though the songs on that album have grown on me quite a bit.On Things Viral , however , the group has really focused their efforts on creating the same suffocating , oppressive sound of their last album with much more open , uncompressed . The production on this disc simply kicks the door wide open for the entire doom genre . Never before has a band actually frightened me as much as on this disc . It 's as if the band wanted to get some foreplay in , teasing and taunting you before finally crushing you to a pulp , instead of just getting the inevitable out of the way . The careful , tedious approach to this disc is truly what makes it a must-have album.The guitars almost sound clean , ironically , yet are as heavy as ever . Drummer Tim Wyskida dons a pair of mallets for parts of several tracks to draw out the emphasis on the gradual ebb and flow of each song 's dynamic contrast . I 'm equally impressed with bassist James Plotkin 's programming on this disc , mostly prevalent on Too Close Enough to Touch -LRB- though effectively present on several of the other tracks as well -RRB- . Khanate has truly created something unique , and assuming you have the patience , and more importantly , the nerve , you 'll thank yourself for at least checking this disc out .
 Khanate are , in my opinion , one of the most exciting bands currently operating in metal . Sure , we could toss around the usual adjectives used to describe doom bands , but none of these can quite convey what Khanate managed to accomplish on Things Viral . This album is virtually without precident ; I ca n't think of another metal band that sounds like this . What strikes me most of all about Things Viral is how incredibly sparse it is . While every metal band that comes to my mind -LRB- and indeed most music , metal or not -RRB- seeks to fill the available sonic space , silence and quietness play a massive role in Khanate 's sound . This album is heavy -- oh is it ever heavy -- but Khanate do n't take the easy route and accomplish this by ` rocking out ' . It 's almost as if the heaviness comes across by implication . Needless to say , with four songs clocking in at about an hour , this album requires a lot of patience and wo n't be to every taste . It is , however , in a style of music cluttered with far too many ` genre ' bands , something refreshingly original and ultimately incredibly rewarding .
 after months of anticipation , i can honestly say it was worth the wait . 4 songs topping out at about 60min . takes on more of a feel of ` no joy ' , the last song on their debut CD . the vokillz on this release are the major player here . while not taking a back seat either , the guitar , bass + drum ensemble are more subdued , nonetheless heavy . graphic visions from MK ULTRABLIZZARD are great as well ... beautiful typography going on in the booklet , etc. very solid release all around + a must for any / all doom fanatics .
 if there are oceans in hell and you were drowning in the ocean while overdoseing on heroin in the midst of a bad acid trip this would be the perfect album to listen to while you did it .
 This is probably THE most unique CD I have ever heard . It really is n't for everyone . In fact , it probably is n't for most people . It is very hypnotic and numbing and has basically no musical pattern but the fact is , it is good ! You really must hear it to understand what they sound like , I did n't really know what to expect just by hearing about them . Just take a look , nothing to lose but $ 10 or so .
 `` makes the debut album sound like speed metal '' , and that 's unbelievably true , but you 'd have a better idea of the sound if it were
 Amazon 's review calls this a budget release , which may be a bit misleading . This is the exact equivalent of any of the JSP blues boxes . The packaging is very cheap , but the music is major-label quality and remastered -LRB- just like JSP -RRB- . This has everything T-Bone recorded from 1951 back . The major downside -LRB- if there is one -RRB- is that it ends abruptly in 1951 in the middle of his tenure with Imperial . He was with that label from 1950 through 1954 , and this collection has the first half -LRB- or so -RRB- of that output . There is no real reason to end it here when this could have been a 5-CD set including all the Imperial material . His entire Imperial output is available on an excellent 2-CD set , but the first disk , and the first couple of songs on the second disk of that set overlap with the last disk and the end of the third disk of this set . If you do n't buy both sets , you will have the blues when you hear what you 're missing !!!!!!
 Anyone who thinks the ` modern blues sound ' was created on Mayall & Clapton 's Beano album -LRB- 1966 -RRB- or Butterfield & Bloomfield 's -LRB- 1965 -RRB- for that matter ... go check out the real deal...T-Bone Walker ` the inventor of the new blues ' ... that is the modern electric blues we are accustomed to today . I ca n't say enough good about this Properbox as it 's just stunning -LRB- and also cheap -RRB- . Sound is incredible ... remember this stuff predates the above albums by a decade or two ! The Penguin Guide to the Blues gives this collection their highest -LRB- 4 star -RRB- rating . I would just recommend you listen to discs backwards as the collection is in chronological order and the fifties stuff will be easier for most to digest and appreciate first ... then work your way back . T-Bones guitar tone will make most think this sounds just like modern blues albums ... in actuality the reverse is true . P.S. Hendrix did n't invent guitar theatrics either ... check out this showman . Do yourself a favor get this boxset .
 I agree with the other 2 reviewers as to the importance and quality of all of T-Bone 's recordings , especially those he made for ImperialThe Complete Imperial Recordings
 Aaron `` T-Bone '' Walker could be called one of the forefathers of rock-and-roll , and was a pioneer bluesman . He has had his guitar licks and stage moves stolen by many . Chuck Berry -LRB- the biggest offender -- listen to `` Strollin ' With Bones '' -- Chuck lifted the middle guitar solo for his own `` Johnny B. Goode '' and never gave him credit -RRB- . Jimi Hendrix . Jeff Beck . Jimmy Page . Eric Clapton . B.B. King . The list is endless . Unfortunately , T-Bone is not nearly the legend as the afore guitar heroes are . That is , he is not a household word . What a shame . He should be.The first two songs sound completely different from the rest , and were recorded in 1929 . These have an extremely traditional blues sound , with just a guitar and piano . Because of circumstances during the Depression , he was n't able to record again until 1940 . But during this time his voice mellowed and he ceased to sound like Robert Johnson -LRB- not that there 's anything wrong with that , but T-Bone did n't sound like T-Bone on the first two songs -RRB- . The songs on the first disc are what I consider the best . Many were written or co-written by Walker . This is probably why I like them over the songs on the other three CD 's , because he did n't have much of a hand in writing most of the other songs . The songs on the second CD are in my opinion the weakest . Most of them were written by John `` Shifty '' Henry and are just okay , but one track does not particuarly stand out from another for the majority of them , complete with the same drum beat -LRB- `` ca-clunk ! '' -RRB- ending most of them . After awhile I begin to get tired of hearing songs that sound similar to `` Vacation Blues '' , and that same old drum beat ending . And I do n't want to sound like some feminist , but on a superficial level , did Mr. Henry need to find some decent women , or what ? As a woman myself , it got a tad bit annoying to hear a few songs dissing ALL women -LRB- not just a few , but the whole female race -RRB- as no good , every woman in the world is untrustworthy and will take you for your money and sue you for alimony . Men are hardly saints themselves . Okay , rant over . These songs are nowhere near awful , but somewhat of a letdown after the first CD . But luckily , the third CD is quite good . The songs are more varied musically -LRB- thank God -RRB- and are far more memorable than the ones on the second CD . I especially love `` Plain Old Down Home Blues '' and that ending where T-Bone and an unidentified Hispanic man have a discussion , one-sided because the man is speaking Spanish and T-Bone just keeps replying `` yeah '' , obviously not understanding a word . It still cracks me up . The fourth and final CD sounds a bit more like the type of blues we all know and love , a bit more modern . I just wish the second CD had less pedestrian and a little more imagination . If I had to rate each CD by themselves , it would be : CD1 -LRB- titled T-Bone Blues -RRB-
 Louis Armstrong recorded for RCA Victor at three different times
 I really love this CD . Halley 's songwriting and lyrics combine an incredible emotional depth with a powerful rock and roll sound that will blow you away ! These songs have a groove that will make you wish you were dancin ' in a club when you listen to them . You 'll want to listen again and again to catch every word of the soulful lyrics.cerrato@ptechinc.com
 saw halley live on 3/3/01 at the vanderbilt opening for johnny winter , i enjoyed her power and passion . if you love janis joplin with a straight r & r edge this cd is for you .
 This CD totally rocks ! Halley will blow you away , especially if you 're a fan of Janis , Alanis or other female rockers who rule !!!
 I am a fan of Kyuss . And Queens of the Stone Age . And Unida , and the Jesus Lizard all the other bands going their different directions with this flexible genre.This CD rocked me without me being aware of it ! It creeps slinky-slinky on to the speakers and from that opening thirty seconds of the first track you can FEEL how the album will progress . Not a moment in this album disappoints me , so give it a try.And I challenge anyone not to hum the melody to `` Cheap Wine '' after a couple of listens !
 For the last decade , Brant Bjork has put out records under Brant Bjork , Brant Bjork & the Operators & Brant Bjork & The Bros. . He pretty much runs the show on all of 'em . But some are true solo efforts and some feature other musicians . The sounds on each record are pretty much the same , so if you like one of his releases , you 're probably gon na like the rest of 'em . This disc has ten tracks and a lot of 'em sound like they 've been recorded in a living room . Not to worry . This is what he does . He 's all about low-brow & low-fi cool . And no one does it better . The almost '80s - style keyboard sounds and effects are a little weird at first but the record , on the whole , is another fine release by this musicians ' musician .
 What a mix of styles here . A little funk , a little jazz , a lotta rockin tunes . Brant Bjork is definetely an overlooked musician who writes great stuff . This album jams , plain and simple . `` Cheap Wine '' might be the catchiest tune I 've heard in a long time . `` Electric Lalli Land '' is funky and will get your head bobbin ' . `` Cocoa Butter '' is smooth and easy and fantastic.Gotta pick this one up fo sho .
 If there ever was an album that says `` Roll Another Number '' it 's this mellow , funky little gem . Whenever I listen to this I want to call up the bro 's for a BBQ , chill out with some 40 's rollin ' fatties and talkin ' about the ladies . OH YEAH !! If you like this music check out `` Jalamanta '' and Che - `` Sounds of Liberation '' if you can find 'em . This is music for the people . . Get it on !!
 I warn you , this album has a retro feel to it , but a refitting of retro , a use of all that has come before to pave the way for things not yet envisioned . I warn this album is not what you 'd expect , however , you 'd be an utter dully not to check it out . I warn you , this album will kill you with its melodies , absolutely murder you with its structures and demolish your soul with its niceties.Whew!From start to finish BB and the O 's weave a pattern of songs so tight and on point that you 'd think you were listening to a world saving party mantra . Use this album anywhere but especially in the car and especially outside on your patio . Like wine , it needs room to breathe .
 brant bjork 's music is complete . This is dense , juicy rock . the type of stuff that you 'll crank in the car driving 100 miles an hour in the middle of the night.the small minds of rock critics would lean on the old `` stoner rock '' cliches , but Bjork 's stuff is beyond that . these are good sounds ... true , thick , spacey , simple . the grooves nail you in the gut and keep you awake through the dark of night . LOUD is the word !
 This album rules.its different the other stoner stuff hes played on but who evers listened to Che will know what to expect . it kind of remnds me of a more funkier masters of reality . i can see how some wont appreciate it but you cant please everyone . go for this if you like it mellow , chilled out and melodic
 I have been hooked on this album for months now . The man is such a great drummer ... he is a MACHINE I tell you.Didn ' t care much for Kyuss , the guitars and singing were marginal in my opinion.But this album is the way it was meant to be done ... nonstop groove and pure talent.Only ones I can compare them to are the Meat Puppets , with Bostrom 's incredible drumming and 3-man tightness.Get it now , it is the antidote to today 's talent vacuum .
 Dietrich Buxtehude -LRB- 1637-1707 -RRB- lived his entire life in North German and Denmark . He held a position as an organist in L&uuml;beck and Helsingr . A postion that never required him to compose vocal music , yet he left over 120 vokal works in a wide range of compositional styles and texts almost entirely sacred . The beautifully soprano Emma Kirkby sings these songs with infectious charm and with great attachment to the music . Accompaniments are stylish and well balanced , and the recording is altogether first rate .
 If you like jump/R & B/jazz style , this is great stuff . BUT ... Before you buy this set , check out Midnight at the Barrelhouse on JSP . It has every cut on this set -LRB- except for Hunter Hancock 's Theme -RRB- + a lot more cuts + the JSP set costs less .
 Over three hours of early R&B bliss . What can I say , if you like the style , this 3 CD set offers heaven ! Over 3 hours and 77 songs of the hottest 40 's 50 's R&B scene . If you could n't be at the Barrelhouse in Watts when it was happening , this set at least gives you a feel for what the music and players were like . I put this on and can listen all day/night long . It never grows tiring . Sexy solos , great riffs , hot rhythym , you name it , this set has it all.Thanks to Atlantic/Savoy Jazz for this gift to music lovers everywhere .
 This is an exceptional set of CD 's at an unbelieveable low price . You would be hard pressed to find a better bargain in music . The other reviewers have it right . This is a collection of great tunes you 'll never get tired of hearing . Cut after cut of really great tunes . Stop reading , click on listen to samples and then add a copy to your cart . You will be glad you did !
 Great music , really surprising . My demographics - over 60 , white male , big into music in 1960s and 70s , not so much now , listen to the best jazz station in the nation 91.1 or KCSM.org . Still rock out . Was a berkeley type for decades . I have seen Johnny Otis three times starting in 1964 . Still did n't realize the tremendous variety of his music . Real R&B -LRB- not the crap they call R&B today -RRB- , jazz , blues , race record pop sounds , rock and roll . Great album . Get it .
 I 'm Happy . Love it . I have always liked Johnny Otis and this is a great compilation . Recommend it to anyone who likes Johnny Otis
 This is a great jazzy forerunner of r & b. It 's preeminently listenable . I ca n't see how anyone with even a casual love of the above two genres would be disappointed by this 3 disc album . There is a lot of good music here . Even the cover artwork is a winner , along with the liner notes and the memento cardboard sleeves . Johnny Otis earned a place in the music world as a bandleader and a talent discoverer . This record is a fine showcase of both . Definitely worth the money .
 Complete Savoy recordings from 1949 to 51 , featuring vocalists Jimmy Rushing , Little Esther , The Robins and many more . Johnny Otis on Drums and Vibes no lead vocals . 3 disc box set -LRB- CD size -RRB- 77 tracks . Excellent booklet notes by Billy Vera . Jazz , blues , Rythm & Blues . Essential purchase along with the Capital years . Music pioneer and interracial prejudice breaking Band leader/producer .
 Lots of great band music and a wonderful vocal makes this a swing sound and worthy purchase . If you like show tunes this is a must .
 i think this album is one of the best i 've heard so far this year i take 's me back to the deathrow record 's era with tracks like it 's all good , candyapple red , ride like a chevy
 This is my first time hearing pianist Richard Goode and the Orpheus Chamber Ensemble in a recording of the Mozart Piano Concertos . In a word , they are outstanding.I have recordings of these two concertos by Brendel/Marriner , Curzon/Kertesz , Ashkenazy -LRB- Philharmonia Orchestra -RRB- , Howard Shelley -LRB- London Mozart Players -RRB- , Barenboim -LRB- Berlin Philharmonic -RRB- , not to mention other pianists whose recordings I have of Concerto no. 23 , but not 24 , or vice versa.Performancewise , Richard Goode can be very lyrical one moment , poetic the next . His runs are sparkling , his pianissimos very delicate . The Orpheus Chamber Ensemble is superb . If I did n't have so many recordings of the Mozart Piano Concertos , I 'd be going out to get the other Goode/Orpheus Chamber Ensemble recordings ; that is how impressed I am by their playing and this recording . If I were to hazard a guess , I 'd say that possibly Howard Shelley 's Mozart playing is the most poetic of those I have , but Richard Goode is right up there.Good , clear sound .
 Easily the finest interpretation of these two works on CD , as a quick audition will reveal . Such unanimity of thought , such fresh phrasing make this an inspirational experience not to be missed . No problems with the sound at all , a very natural acoustic with a life-like string sound adding to my pleasure of this release , a favourite CD .
 I am prompted by Mr. Leghorn 's review , who complains about the sound of this recording , to lodge my disagreement . The recording quality is very fine indeed . The jacket notes say merely that these concertos were recorded at `` Manhattan Center , NYC '' . That building , at W. 34th Street , has a number of recording venues . I assume that these recordings were taped in Studio 7 -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- with its state-of-the-art equipment , using the adjoining Manhattan Ballroom . Note that the producer was Max Wilcox , famous for work with RCA and the recordings of Artur Rubinstein , the Guaneri Quartet , and many others , and winner of 17 Grammy Awards . See
 This the second of Goode 's # 23 's and his first # 24 . The sound for both is quite attractive
 Richard Goode is the pianist of our generation , especially in his interpretations and performances of music by Beethoven and Mozart . He made an earlier volume of the complete Beethoven Piano Sonata cycle that I think is the conssumate recordings since Shnabel recorded the performances of the century . This recording is no different . The Concerto # 23 is melodic , as it should be , and the recording almost puts me in a trance with its beauty . The 24th concerto is not my favorite and I did not listen with the same critical ear , though it sounded very well performed . The technical recording is first class . Every Mozart devotee should own this cd .
 I found out about this artist through an article I read on the web site GetSigned.com . I bought the disc and really liked it . It 's not the same thing on every track like so many other records . And DARKANGELES is extremely melodic -- but modern at the same time . If you like atmospheric music that really sets a mood and has weird , interesting lyrics on top of that -- you might go for this record . The dance track `` Raygun '' is a standout track . It jams . Check it out .
 Darkangeles ' CD Raygun is quite a find for me . I was quite impressed with the range of music and emotions put forth on this awsome CD . First you start out with a very `` POP '' style and fun what does it matter and move to a dark Isabelle that has a very `` Dark '' groove that really moves . `` I Wan na Watch the X-Files In The Rain '' has a great sound which excites all the sences . `` Joy '' is a great ballad that really has a great feeling and slow groove.RAYGUN !!!!! The dance track ROCKS and is guarenteed to move your body even if your six feet under . Love IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Well Well Well , I myself am a huge X-Files Fan and find that the song `` I Wan na Watch the X-Files in the Rain '' has become my theme song . Look at the words
 ROOTDOWN 99 is one of the premiere latin jazzy house CDs available . It contains 9 tracks from various artists , including MAW & one of the most amazing remixes from this year , Jazzanova 's remix of Ian Pooley 's `` What 's Your Number ? '' . If , as the Planet E logo goes , you are a unique person who likes unique musique , this is a MUST HAVE in your collection.Definitely on a downtempo tip .
 With such names as Jazzanova , Rainer Truby Trio , MAW , Ian Pooley and Cujo -LRB- aka Amon Tobin -RRB- , this compilation could do no wrong . Tracks were selected by Rainer Truby , a well-respected Compost project , and a guy with a low profile and a great musical instinct -LRB- check out his Glucklich series -RRB- . UK 's Nuphonic , along with SF 's Ubiquity , is TMHO the world 's no 1 label in dancefloor-friendly nu-jazz ; watch out for their releases , and let everybody else wait 1-2 years for the next ` ground-breaking ' and ` genre-defining ' compilation from Guidance .
 With such names as Jazzanova , Rainer Truby Trio , MAW , Ian Pooley and Cujo -LRB- aka Amon Tobin -RRB- , this compilation could do no wrong.Tracks were selected by Rainer Truby , a well-respected Compost project , and a guy with a low profile and a great musical instinct -LRB- check out his Glucklich series -RRB- . UK 's Nuphonic , along with SF 's Ubiquity , is TMHO the world 's no 1 label in dancefloor-friendly nu-jazz ; watch out for their releases , and let everybody else wait 1-2 years for the next ` ground-breaking ' and ` genre-defining ' compilation from Guidance .
 Like a `` lost '' opera by Mozart , this piece of musical genious has been virtually `` forgotten '' by the mainstream opera public for almost 200 yeears ! -LRB- Due mainly to the so-called `` Holger-feud '' -RRB- The libretto was written by Danish `` National Poet '' Jens Baggesen , and was heavily inspired by Wieland 's `` Oberon '' , but Baggesen choose Danish national icon Holger Danske as the opera 's protagonist instead , and that started a feud , because some `` nationalistically inclined '' people in the `` cultural elite '' thought it was `` blasphemous '' and in `` bad taste '' to make a national icon the main character in a basically middle-eastern storyline with German origins!With this superb CD release , `` Holger Danske '' will in all likelihood get the credit it so rightfully deserve ... Thomas Dausgaard , rising international star , directs the Danish Radio Symphony Orchestra and Choir superbly , and get the most out of Kunzen 's fantastic music . The cast of singers are equally good ; especially international star Inga Nielsen as Oberon , Gert Henning-Jensen as Holger Danske and Johannes Mannow . `` Holger Danske '' deservedly won a Danish Grammy . .
 F.L.Ae . Kunzen was born in Germany in 1761 . He studied law , but later decided on music as his vocation . He worked in Denmark for a while , where he composed this opera in 1789 . Kunzen 's opera is a work of the highest order . It most definately forshadows the Romantic-period music of the following years . THe music is richly scored , and harmonically innovative . It uses a leitmotiv , which is one of the first superior examples of this device . Kunzen 's vocal writing is outstanding , and is sung beautifully by the soloists . The musicis of the highest quality . I reccomend this Opera to any 18th century music enthusiasts and opera fans.It is a shame that more of Kunzen 's music is n't recorded .
 this is one of my most favrote opera , superb performanc and great romantic soprano voice .
 This box set was my first real exposure to Carlin and it made me a life-long fan.These early albums showcase the lighter , happier Carlin who spent time exploring the strange things we humans do , from bodily functions , to accents , to the ridiculous names we give things ... He even manages to successfully make light of heavy topics like Viet Nam and losing the faith with his child-like curiosity and amazing insight . The sixth album , `` On the Road '' shows the beginnings of the edginess that would define his later work.Since the product page only shows disc numbers and track titles , I thought I 'd post a list of the albums that each disc corresponds to : -LRB- Each title is linked to the individual album for sale on Amazon -RRB- Disc 1 : FM & AM -LRB- 1972 -RRB- Disc 2 : Class Clown -LRB- 1972 -RRB- Disc 3 : Occupation
 I 've followed George Carlin since the immortal FM & AM album , used to go over to friends ' houses after school to listen to Class Clown , Occupation
 George Carlin is the grand old man of modern Comedy . You see David Lettermen , Jay Leno , Jon Stewart , and Conan O'Brien , fall all over themselves to acknowledge this whenever he deems them worthy enough to appear on their shows.George Carlin , along with Robert Kline , Monty Python , Lenny Bruce , Richard Pryor , and Bill Cosby forms one of the grand pillars of modern comedy . He was the first person ever to host Saturday Night Live and was one of Carson 's last guests on the old Tonight Show.The comedy albums in this collection make up , along with his early work on HBO , the cornerstone of his work . `` FM & AM '' , `` Class Clown '' , `` Occupation
 Pound for Pound The Funniest Man Alive .
 I love great comedy in all forms - from Robin Williams , Bill Maher , Kevin Smith films , Chris Rock & the cast of Everyone Hates Chris , Bob Newhart , The old classic Dick van Dyke show to South Park , Bill Cosby , ALF , Mel Brooks , Buster Keaton , Don Rickles , and Jerry Lewis . So actor and comedian George Carlin has a special place in my heart . His wit and humor is messaged to the audience , most of his comedy bites are still timeless years and years later.The Little David Years -LRB- 1971-1977 -RRB- is the first six classic carlin albums with an extra CD of Carlin stuff from that time not on album or CD . These CD albums including such routines as '' The seven words you cant say on television '' and its sequel `` Filthy Words '' , Ed Sullivan , Football/Baseball , Occupation Foole , and '' Death and Dying '' . Carlin is witty and thought provoking . He will make you laugh and think-sometime at the same time . These comic routines are 35 years old and still can pack a punch and a laughWorth it for any person who enjoys great comedyBennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD
 You are looking at a George Carlin box set which contains six early albums of his and a new disc with previously-unreleased material . George Carlin is a legend , the voice of three generations and these six early albums show what he was when he was just starting out with actual stand-up comedy . His first solo album , Take-Offs and Put-Ons is sketch comedy , which is good in its place , FM&AM is half stand-up half sketch , but Class Clown is Carlin 's first entirely stand-up album and it is great , as are the other five albums in this collection.The seventh disc is great for Carlin fans because it shows his unreleased stand-up from through-put the years , but people who are new to Carlin should not start by listening to this disc but to the others in the collection , leaving # 7 for last.Some people have complained about the fade-in/fade-out thing , but what you have to understand is the original Vinyls had them , and if they were taken out , Toledo Window Box would n't be Toledo Window Box , FM & AM would n't be FM&AM -LRB- etc. -RRB- they would just be concerts.this is a must-buy for all fans of Carlin .
 I have tons of comedy CD 's , but this set is the most unbelievabally funny out of all of them ! George Carlin tells it like it is in this set and I recommend that all of you raunchy and intelligent comedy lovers buy it !
 His older material was more enjoyable and you could even listen to it with your mother without her saying something about his language ... except for stuff like `` Filthy Words '' and `` The Seven Words You Can NEVER Say On Televison . '' I originally had 2 of his albums on vinyl which I still have and that was `` Class Clown '' and my favorite `` Occupation
 ... the sound quality was a little better . `` The Little David Years '' is an all-at-once presentation of George Carlin 's best-known pre-HBO work . It was after his TV-friendly suit-and-tie days , and before his openly hostile , gruff , bitter-sounding later work . None of it was bad , of course , but the material here is vastly calmer sounding than what we get from the balding , grey-bearded misanthrope who appeared on HBO every two or three years after.I titled an early Amazon review of mine -LRB- `` Ahead Of Their Time '' by Frank Zappa with the Mothers Of Invention -RRB- `` Sound Quality Is n't Everything , '' and where it 's true , something that 's really good does n't always suffer when the sound is n't mixed up to snuff , the sound in `` The Little David Years '' is consistently muffled and far too quiet . Play any one of the discs from this box , let 's say , `` Class Clown '' from 1972 , for instance , then listen to , say , `` You Are All Diseased , '' from 2001 , and the difference in the sound is astonishing . It 's mixed WAY too low , especially if you listen to any of this in tandem with something that has a better production . The better recording will be far too loud , because the `` Little David '' box is too quiet.Contents : Disc One
 AWESOME !!! I grew up listening to George , and I have -LRB- or had -RRB- all of his albums ... remember what albums are ? lol ... After George passed this year , and after having seen him in April at the Orleans in Vegas , I needed to get all of his `` stuff '' on CD.This collection contains a small CD sized replica of each album , including the liner notes and all images as the original album had - VERY COOL!Also included is a bonus CD with material -LRB- mostly -RRB- that I had not heard before . It is called the Coney Island Recording.Also , you get a small but informative biography booklet of George 's life.If you are a fan , or just want to know about the man and his art , you NEED this collection.I love it.RIP GC.mqqn
 I 'm not the first to say this , but his earlier stuff , compiled here in this box set , really is the funniest out of them all . Rather than the `` know-it-all '' bitching angry old man he has become , there is a certain sense of innocent wonderment to be found in his earlier observations . His recent material do have their moments , but are just not as clever and thought-provoking as his earlier work . Do n't think you know Carlin - or comedy - until you listen to these works . Personal favorites are `` New York Voices '' in `` Occupation
 As a teenager went to several Carlin concerts loved every minute laughed untill my side cracked.Years later bought this dvd his early material.HEis still great , God rest his soul .
 I got the collection in pristine condition today . I have n't stopped laughing since I put the collection on my CD changer . It 's an amazing collection from George 's early `` Dirty Hippie '' era . If you love George , like I do , then get this collection . It will not disappoint you , I promise !
 many of us are young -LRB- old -RRB- enough to have only known George Carlin AFTER the ` seven dirty words ' , we got to know him through his HBO specials . Some of us , I am ashamed to admit , thought that the HBO was the body of his work ... Wow ... did I learn a lot.It 's fascinating to go back through his work to see -LRB- hear -RRB- ourselves in his mirror ; the politics and sociology of the 70 's gets the grilling that those of us who were 3-13 at the time never had a chance to live through Carlin 's lens.Great stuff ; nice package , good price .
 Those looking at this review will most likely have sampled the first ` Alife ' album and are curious to investigate more of the Psychedic pop/rock band , that push their blend of Stylish , whimsical pop , with the catchiness of the best pop songs have to offer . But it should be noted that although the quality contained , is of a incredibly similar high standard as their debut album -LRB- `` If You Happy With You Need Do Nothing '' -RRB- , the band have taken a different -LRB- although not a radical -RRB- approach to the second album and largely dispensed with the sound that prompted comparisons with ` Baldy Drawn Boy/The Flaming lips/Mercury Rev ' , and handed in something akin to peak ear ` Beach Boys ' and ` Gorky 's Zygotic Mynci ' , with a little of the subtle intricacy of `` Belle & Sebastian '' , insofar as these collection of admittedly great songs are far more radio friendly in approach to the previous album , and focus less on the playful freewheeling sound of before , and seemingly have more a produced sound to them , the feel more ambitious -LRB- and while I 'm being honest , more accessible -RRB- then before . If this is sounding slightly negative , then please do n't make this review think that this is any less worth than the previous album , as `` A Word in You Ear '' , `` The Reverse Midas Touch '' & `` Summer Lanes '' are a worthy as anything the band have previously done , with less of the wacky style that ear marked the first album , but more of a consistently strong indie pop approach throughout , that does n't shift as dynamically as the first album , but smoothes off the rough edges and makes for a more coherent listen throughout . And so to sum up ... this album is more than worth your time and money if you 're a `` Alfie '' fan . It 's more sun kissed than the previous album , and shows a band following up their astonishing debut with something different enough to avoid accusations of the second album being more of the same . If your new to Alife , then pick up the first album , and if it manages to win you over ... leads beautifully onto this second helping of British Psychedelic pop .
 Alfie is another british band with an unexplainable amount of talent . Unexplainable because it seems most british groups are ingenious in their own way . Where did they get it from ? Who knows ? But i do know that us rebels over here in the beautiful u.s. , took only a bit of that musical ingenuity when crossing the big pond back in the day . Okay , all gawking aside , i must admit that alfie 's lead singer reminds me slightly of the lead singer of `` they might be giants '' . That 's a good thing if you like -LRB- or can tolerate -RRB- `` they might be giants '' . Luckily i grew up listening to my sisters collection of music , and t.m.b.g. happened to be in the mix . So alfie , like you might expect , is ingenious -LRB- on tracks 2 & 3 inparticular -RRB- and a bit quirky -LRB- especially the vocals -LRB- all tracks -RRB- -RRB- . But do n't buy this album because you want good , strange music , buy it because it 's good , mellow music with great instrumentation and a unique sound .
 Bands along the same vein -LRB- in my musical taste -RRB- : Elliott SmithBadly Drawn Boy -LRB- Hour of the Bewilderbeast -RRB- If you like them , you 'll probably dig alfie . If you like alfie and have n't heard of them - go check them out ! I tend to prefer alfie over other Britpop bands like Coldplay and The Doves because their music is a little more complex -LRB- not just chord strumming in 4/4 over and over -RRB- . Their chord progressions are pretty creative . Give them a shot !
 Gonzales uber Alles is the better album -LRB- still in the category I call , for lack of a better word , `` lounge rap '' -RRB- but no way will you get me to give this less than 5 stars , given the wasteland of mediocre music that it fights through . Chilly is * smart * . The same way Frank Zappa and Mike Patton was/are smart . Please , if you are stupid and do n't `` get it , '' buy a copy for your clever friends . Buy lots of copies and maybe Chilly will record more.I love `` Shameless Eyes . '' How I love to see them cry.Wish there were more Peaches on this CD but now I have my copy of the Teaches of Peaches . Har har har . -LRB- Completely different than Chilly but also a keeper . -RRB-
 Quirky , well produced , resonant beats . Quirky , quirky is the word ! Unusual , original and catchy lyrics . Gonzales is whacked out in the most delightful way . - The best album , across all genres , I 've heard in a year .
 I ordered &#34; Presidential Suite &#34; after I discovered how much I enjoyed one of Chilly 's other albums , ` Ivory Tower . ' Both albums are phenomenal and deserve an audition for your music collection . I have copy/pasted my review for ` Ivory Tower ' below , which will share with you how I discovered his music . The bottom line is that these two albums are SO TIGHT and SO INTELLIGENT that they allowed me to like music that I never , ever had liked before . I have been excited discovering Chilly 's music , and have since expanded my collection to include all of his albums . -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -LSB- my review of &#34; Ivory Tower &#34; -RSB- I actually discovered Chilly Gonzales on the &#34; Classical Music Station &#34; where I was introduced to his classical piano music first . The first piece of music I heard of his was &#34; Minor Fantasy &#34; from his Album &#34; Solo Piano 2 , &#34; and although I do n't really like piano-only music , I REALLY enjoyed this work . When I went online to order this particular album , I was introduced to Chilly 's other music stylings such as what is contained in &#34; Ivory Tower . &#34; Upon listening to some of the samples I was n't particularly convinced that I would like this album , but the overwhelmingly positive reviews convinced me to give it a try.Upon listening to this album the very first time I could tell that Chilly and his crew put a ton of attention to every aspect of the album , and that it was a very ` intelligent ' album . There were some grooves that got my foot tapping and some really funny lyrics , but my overall first impression was that &#34; this was an excellent album of music that just was n't my cup of tea . &#34; About a week later , my wife was driving my car and it still had the Chilly CD in it . She said she did n't expect me to have that type of music in the CD player -LRB- we have different taste in music -RRB- and that she REALLY liked it . So , the next time we were in the car together , we listened to it again ... and for some reason , the second time I listened to the album in its entirety , I really got into it . Maybe because the shock of how different it was than any other music in my collection had worn off and my prejudices toward techno/club music had to be put aside because my wife likes those styles of music.I have listened to the album many times over now , and I have found that I like the album more each time I listen to it . It was really exciting for me to have an album of this techno/party/club genre that I REALLY like . I never felt like I was able to like music like this because I always found this type of music to be boring and repetitive , and lacking in any real ` music . ` This album has been a game changer for me , along with his &#34; Presidential Suite &#34; album , which I had a similar experience with . Chilly Gonzales is edgy , funny , and most importantly , incredibly musically talented . I highly recommend this album , particularly to those people who feel the need to expand their musical horizons .
 They say AIDS is n't real . Neither is this music , but I ca n't stop listening to it . Who is this guy ? He 's an absolutely brilliant producer . Gonzales Uber Alles is his definitive release . The Entertainist was entertaining upon one listen . But The Presidential Suite is a return to form . Almost every track virally attacks your brain , and you ca n't shake it .
 excellant video i will be ordering more in the future and a couple books as well.JC
 As usual Bill Engvall takes the time to point out how funny life is.It 's all true and it 's all of us . He just thinks about -LRB- and talks about -RRB- what we do n't ...
 I received excellent service at a very good price , and delivery was much faster than expected ... I always use Amazon for all my music and video needs . .
 Bill Engvall is totally funny in this video , espically when he talks about taking his F16 flight .
 He is so talented and expressive with his face . I love his humor that is relatively clean but so dead on true .
 If you want to spend a fun evening with someone , watchingthis DVD is the perfect way to do it . It had us both institches . Bill Engvall is funny , funny , funny and does n'thave to use foul words to do it .
 What a funny DVD ! Thanks for the fast service . Sorry , I did n't get back to you as soon as I 'd hoped . Great service .
 Jeff and company have done it again . Funny , funny , funny . And ... we DID hear about the lotion !!! ha
 This DVD was so funny . If you like Bill at all you sould get this .
 The movie Bill Engvall
 We laughed till we cried . Bill Engvall is so easy to relate to , the Thunderbird jet segment just blew us away , we laugh just thinking about this DVD , we know many people that are 15 degrees off cool and sometimes so are we , Engvall is so funny !!!! THANKS for a million laughs ...
 I enjoy Bill Engvall 's humor and bought this DVD because of it . The first half or so of the routine was the Engvall I hoped for ... funny and presenting his somewhat eccentric take on life to which many -LRB- most ? -RRB- of us can relate . Then came the bits that gave the concert its name ; ; ; `` 15 Off Cool . '' As he went on about never quite being cool and his efforts to attain coolness , I started laughing harder and harder . It got to the point where my jaw was hurting from the laughter . That material is easily the funniest Engvall I 've seen or heard , which is saying a lot !
 It was very funny and entertaining . Language was kept clean which in this day and age is unusual . The man is spectacular . He brings out the laughter that everyone needs.We absolutely loved it .
 Being somewhat of a fan of Blue Collar Comedy Tour , I decided to focus on Bill Engvall . I rented this DVD , not sure if I would like it . Well , here 's my opinion
 Bill Engvall videos are almost always a good bet to be funny . 15 degrees Off Cool does not let you down ! His vivid comedy leaves you in stitches throughout the entire show ! This video is worth your time and money !
 Bill 's comedy routine is top-notch as usual . It seems as though I am watching my life revealed . Hilarious !!
 Bill is just great in his way of delivery , smooth and talks about real things . This one in particular is about remembering things in the past , funny times and comparison on kids now and before -- all true . I dont think he is `` off cool '' at all - I sure identify with his thinking on this material ! We all have our moments of how it `` was '' for us growing up and has it is now . Funny guy !
 I first saw 15degrees off cool on Comedy Central . I ca n't remember when last I laughed so hard . It was hilarious especially his last story about the air force .
 This is hilarious !! I had to take a break because I was laughing so hard .
 This is one of the best I have seen . Side splitting funny . Will watch over and over .
 This Video is super funny !!! I was bummed out cus my husband had just left for Iraq and we just had a beautiful baby boy and he was n't going to be able to watch his son grow !! So i watched Bill 's show and I was laughing so hard I almosted peed my pants !!!!! It brought my sprits up !!! LMAO just thinking about it !!!
 I love the movie and have had no problems with it . It 's a funny movie , anyone who likes comedy and redneck will like the movie
 These reviews are getting old . How many times do I have to say that Amazon.com is an awesome place , fast shipping , fair prices and have almost anything you can think of . If you know what you are buying , you ca n't go wrong with Amazon . 15 degrees off cool is some great work by Bill Engvall . If you are an Engvall fan , you ca n't go wrong with purchasing this product .
 I highly recommend this DVD to anyone who likes Bill Engvall or just comedy specials in general . This was so amazing .
 This is the best video he has done since `` Here 's your sign . '' I would recommend this video to everyone I know .
 Bill Engvall is a comedic genius ! He is spot on cool in my book . He an extremely funny man and yet still maintains a `` family-style '' comedy by limiting the profanity and risque jokes . Love his work and this is some of the best yet .
 This is the funniest stand-up concert I 've ever seen ! This man is a master at making every-day life hysterical ! No wonder he appeals to so many ! The vendor 's shipping response was immediate and the quality of the DVD was flawless .
 I could listen to Bill Engvall over and over again ! Every time I want some sweet comedy , I pull out this DVD . I never tire of his stories .
 If you like the Blue Collar shows & Bill Engvall , you will love this video ... Bill is at his best . The scooter & Blue Thunder segments are the most funny I have ever heard . Great , great video .
 i was very impressed with the way this transaction was handled . the purchase was simple and the service was great . even the shipping was timely . excellent job . i shall retrn 1 day to purchase another item from amazon.com
 Laugh until tears watching Bill !! This is his best performace to date . Very , Very , Very funny . The extra of him with the ThunderBirds tops off the hole dvd . We are all 15 degrees off cool .
 This DVD started off a bit slow ... but the ending makes up for it ! Bill Engvall is hilarious !!
 Bill Engvall is one of our favorite comedians and he sure lived up to our expectations . We love his humor because it is clean and hysterically funny .
 Bill Engvall is great , he keeps changing his routines and comes up with new and fresh comedy that is actually everyday stuff but is totally hilarious .
 Bill Engvall has been around for a long time and has produced some very funny CDs/DVDs . This is also great but not quite as good as previous efforts . Maybe Bill is a bit tired - what with movies , TV shows etc. . Still worth buying however .
 Bill Engvall is charming as always as he talks about his marital life , growing older , and what it was like to grow up a dork -- always `` 15 degrees off cool . '' Laughs from beginning to end , no matter how cool you are , THINK you are , or never were ! Something for just about everyone !
 I 've always gotten a belly ache from laughing too hard at Bill Engvall 's jokes and stories , but this DVD is his best yet in my opinion . His story about flying with the Blue Angels is especially hysterical . He is a very clean language comic , always has been and it is always refreshing to find someone that funny who does n't use profanity .
 This is the best of Bill Engvall . His topics and delivery is as good as it gets . It 's good family fun and we can all relate to it .
 Just saw Bill Engvall in person , reminded me of Thunderbirds , since i work on aircraft , i can identify with him , laughed so hard !!!
 My family and I really enjoy Bill 's humor . I own several of his DVDs and of course all of the Blue Comedy Tours .
 This was my first experience with Bill Engvall 's work . It will certainly not be the last . He is very funny , and there is very little coarseness to his language , something more comedians should take into consideration .
 This is Iron Savior 's debut album . It was announced as a superband , including Thomen Stauch of Blind Guardian in the drums , Gamma Ray 's and former Helloween Kai Hansen on guitars and the mastermind behind the Savior , Piet Sielck on vocals , bass , keyboards and guitars . Piet is best known for his job as a producer of German bands and his guest appearances in different bands.The name IRON SAVIOR comes from a science fiction story invented by Piet , in which the Iron Savior is a huge vessel built and then sent out to space by the hostile civilization of Atlantis 350.000 years ago , in order to protect them from the Alliance 's attack . And the story goes on , and the lyrics are based on the story 's events with liner notes on each song.Musically , IS is 100 % german power metal . Piet and co. manage to deliver a good album , within -LRB- and besides -RRB- the genre 's limitations . You 'll find here classics such as `` Atlantis falling '' , `` Riding on fire '' , `` Watcher in the sky '' , `` For the world '' , `` brave new world '' and `` Iron Savior '' . Except for a few contributions from Kai Hansen , the majority of the music is written by Piet himself . It 's nothing out of this world , nothing new , but not mediocre and totally worth listening.Screaming guitars , pounding drumming with classic solos and choruses , with different tempos , like the ultra-fast `` Brave new world '' and the brutal `` Riding on fire '' , the intrincate rhythm in `` For the world '' -LRB- sang by Blind Guardian 's Hansi Kursch -RRB- or the ballad `` Break it up '' . If you want to get acquainted with Iron Savior 's funny rockin ' side you have the Nazareth cover `` This flight tonight '' . If I have to compare I 'd probably mention the old Rage , Grave Digger 's trilogy , and Hammerfall are closer to Iron Savior in power , brutality , speed and guitar riffing.If you 're into power metal and like the bands above mentioned you will appreciate this album .
 Iron Savior has done it again . Combining pure metal with meldoic lyrics , great guitar and drums they 've created a master work of music - of art . In the form of older groups -LRB- such as Blind Guaridan -RRB- they 've created not just a CD , but a musical epic . Their CD 's ar n't just music , they tell a tale . Like a good book the story has complex twists and turns , but is understandable , for those whom pay attention . If you like Blind Guardian , you will like Iron Savior .
 This is the album in which the Sci-fi , metal saga of the Iron Savior starts . Kai Hansen 's influence and style are more than evident here . For me it 's one of the best albums of the 90 's . The concept of the story is really good and the song writing and the performance brilliant.I would really like to see this concept taken into a big budget movie , is fantastic . The following 3 albums continue and expand the story , but this is the first episode . Great music and a great idea . Recommended to all metalheads .
 The first album from Iron Savior is a fantastic concept album that started a story that has run through a number of subsequent releases . It 's a time-and-space-spanning science fiction epic , a field of storytelling that has n't been used in metal concept albums nearly as much as horror or fantasy -LRB- which have resulted in outstanding releases like King Diamond 's `` Them '' and Blind Guardian 's `` Nightfall In Middle-Earth '' -RRB- and it 's proved a fertile ground for the band to return to again and again.As well as the name of the band and the debut album , ` Iron Savior ' is also the name of the saga 's central entity - an ancient and gigantic living vessel built eons ago in Atlantis that destroyed human civilization once , and returns in the year 2108 . In the lengthy backstory to the concept , millennia ago -LRB- I believe it was 350,000 years ago -RRB- the Earth was highly civilized ; there was utopic Atlantis , and there was the rest of the world under the loose affiliation of ` the Alliance ' , which was a ruthless and militaristic society . In the inevitable war that eventually erupted between Atlantis and the Alliance , the Iron Savior was built as the ultimate defender . Agents of the Alliance somehow infiltrated the programming between the biological and mechanical components of the Savior and corrupted it , basically driving it insane . The Savior annihilated both the Alliance and Atlantis and set off blindly into space -LRB- while the remnants of humanity eventually build up from the ashes -RRB- , eventually returning to a future world where the confused machine mistakes everything in sight for its Alliance enemies . The story flashes back and forward through time
 Some people believe this is just a side project from Kai -LRB- Gamma Ray -RRB- . But it 's much more than that . As you can see , after this album , Iron Savior has released 5 full albums and 1 EP . However , I find this one the best.Piet 's vocals are great and very unique , and all tracks are amazing , due greatly to the musicians that form the bands ' line-up . The album tells the story of Iron Savior and Atlantis -LRB- it 's explained in detail on the offical site and commented in the beginning of each track 's lyrcis -RRB- , and it 's sequential from the beginning until `` For The World '' that ends the story so far.The covers can be considered `` bonus tracks '' as they do n't realy match the album concept.Overall , it 's a great album with no `` one songs is better than the other '' . All of them are great and catchy , and follow the storyline . I recommend it to all fans of Gamma Ray , Blind Guardian and this kind of music in general .
 Wow , this is an excelent album that is reminiscent of the classical 80 's heavy metal , with roaring guitar solos and impressive rythimcs , this one is fun to listen to and is entertaining also because the whole cd is conceptual going around a story about the ancient civilization of Atlantis . I really like this one , it always reminds me of that 80 's `` pure '' metal , it has a similar style to Iron Maiden or judas priest -LRB- the guitars and rythm -RRB- you could say , this is a power ride almost entirely from beginning to end .
 This album is what is missing as of late , that melodic , no frills metal of the 80 's . Total power metal guitar edge , yet choruses that stick in your mind -LRB- For the World ! -RRB- This album came out 10 years too late , otherwise it would have been hailed as a mesterpiece . Melodic guitar work , with Piet Sielck 's somewhat gruff -LRB- by powermetal standards -RRB- leading the way . Vocal melodies carry this one all the way . A definite buy for any powermetal fans !
 Great Musicians ! Great Songs ! If you like Gamma Ray and Helloween , try it !
 Germany seems to have done it again ! Like the great ones before them Gamma Ray , Blind Guardian , and Helloween , this band certainly belongs in this group . Every song is incredible and full of melodic chords and ripping riffs . What surprised me the most is the power of the sound from this band as there is only three members . This is a must buy for all metal fans . If you 've got Manowar , Iron Maiden , Judas Priest , Rage , Running Wild , and Grave Digger in your collection , this is a must have for you . I promise you will not be disappointed !
 Iron Savior 's debut album is very impressive . Their songs are full of energy and their musical style is a huge slap in the face to popular culture and music . The vocals and instruments on this album are spectacular and the storyline is interesting . However , this is only a shadow of things to come.There are a few problems with this first Iron Savior release . The cover songs are weak and not conveniently placed at the end of the album where you can forget about them -LRB- see Unification -RRB- . Also , there is not too much variety in the tracks . They are almost all knock-your-socks-off power metal steamrollers . But almost every track is masterful , so you barely notice.This album is a must-have for metal fans and anybody who likes bands such as Helloween , Gamma Ray , or Hammerfall . Iron Savior 's best album to date is Unification , but this one comes pretty close and is definately worth the money.Favorite track
 No wonder it sounds alot like Helooween . Kai Hansen , and some other former members of Helloween are in this band , which is actually a side/hobby-project for Kai Hansen and friends , disgruntled with not being able to play 80 's style power metal , they formed this great band on the side of their regular bands , like Gamma Ray and other bands.Also worth noting is the fact that they 've just released a 4-track mini-CD , `` Coming Home . '' I bought it only yesterday , and it , needless to say , ROCKS ! There 's a live version of `` Atlantis is Falling '' . The cover of Judas Priest 's `` The Rage '' is also terrific .
 Easily one of the dopest cds of the year 2000 , but it 'll probably get slepped on , because the haters are in full effect when it comes to No Limit . This cd can be listened to from the begining to the end without skipping a single song . The beats are excellent , even without Beats by the pound , the new production team is holding their own . You got to feel C-Murders maturity on this cd , hes taking his game to a whole other level . K-blaque -- puttin it down for NoLimitsoldiers.com
 C-Murder is obviously Master P 's little brother . With a similar delivery and all most identical voice , he finally has begun his approach out of his big bro 's shadow . Kinda sad to see some of the faces gone after No Limit has revamped -LRB- biggest manuever NO Beats by the Pound -RRB- , but their new musical style is gon na keep them in CD players all over the streets . This album has a handful of ` gems ' . I personally like the songs Damned If They Murder Me , Down for my N!gg@s, and Hustlin . Got ta love Krazy -LRB- 2Pac 's vocal clone -RRB- and Mac brings it every time . C-Murder keeps up with the basic formula for song concepts that has made No Limit famous . If your a No Limit fan you 've already got the album . If your not , this is a quality album but definately peep a few more albums off the label to fully appreciate how far they have come . Keep your CD 's spinning .
 everything spelled classic about this album . I do n't even want to explain . JUST MAKE SURE YOU BUY YOUR COPY , AND A COPY FOR YOUR GIRLFRIEND , BECAUSE IT 'S NOT LOOKING GOOD FOR THE REST OF THE MUSIC INDUSTRY . THAT 'S ALL I HAVE TO SAY .
 This was one of c-murders best album also look at Bossaline and life or deathTRU RECORDS
 1ST OF ALL I AM A NO LIMIT FAN & ALSO A C-MURDER FAN THIS CD I HEARD IT B4 IT CAME OUT SO I HEARD EVERY SONG BUT 1:30 SECONDS OF IT . THIS CD HAS SOME BEATS 4 YOUR CAR !!!!!! BUT THE LYRICS COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER . 24 TRACKS IS ON THIS CD & MAYBE 4-5 SONGS SHOULD BE SKIPPED OVER THATS NOT BAD . THE BEST SONG IS WHAT U BOUT BUT THAT CALLIOPE IS SO HYPE & RIDE AS WELL AS OTHER SONGS THIS IS A GOOD CD .
 1st OF I AM A NL FAN 4 LIFE C CAME TIGHT ON THIS 1 I DONT EVEN HAVE THIS BUT I HEARD EVERY SONG WHAT U BOUT IS DA BEST SONG ON THERE I GOT ALL C 'S CD 'S BUT THIS MIGHT BE BETTER THAN LIFE OR DEATH I SUGGEST EVERY NO LIMIT FAN 2 GET THIS ESPECIALLY 4 THE BEATS .
 Yo dis cd has hot lyrics and the beats are the best from all C-Murders albums except C-P-3 . Com.all the songs are great and even the skits are cool.my favourites are
 yo , c-murder comes out w / his 3rd solo album here ... not as good as life or death but much better than his last album he put out ... i gave it 4 cuz 5 for the first 4 for the third and 3 for the second albums he has made ... he seems to start on top fall and regain himself ... he is one of the few rapers that has a mellow blend and sound ... sure he does n't have much new to say this time around , but whose to say that thats a bad thing ... hes got a sound that many dont have and thats what keeps people listening to him and geting others to come to him ... no one else on no limit has the ideas he has ... ` p ' is a sell out ... and silkk just i dunno , hes up and down on every song he does ... those r the three origionals and since mystikal has now left no limit.all they got to help em is c here ... i say that you should get this album cuz not much sounds like it ... solid effort and will be listenin to this more down the road . . peace
 ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS GET THE ALBUM , ITS WORTH EVERY CENT.U CAN TELL THAT NO LIMIT IS TAKING THERE SPOTLIGHT BACK FROM CASH MONEY.BUT ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS WATCH WHO ELEVATES THEIR RAP GAME AND WHO GETS LEFT IN THE DUST . MUCH LOVE FROM A TX THUG
 C-murder is not usually an artist i would pick an album up from , but after i heard a few songs off the one my homie had , i had to get it . This cd is one of the best no limit has ever put out besides mystikal 's cds . The best song easily is `` What You Bout '' with Mystikal , of course . Even rap fans who dont like No Limit should like this cd .
 Third No Limit release of 2000 , and NL has definetely improved . The beats are better , and C-Murder is definetely doing his own thing w / TRU Records and keeping the No Limit style . The best songs are 2,3,4,5,7,12,15,17,18,22,23 , and 24 .
 WuDDuP ya 'll ... Dis DuEcE_BiG aka BlaCC JiGaLo ! Now jus cuz C-Murda from No Limit I aint buy this tha 1st day ! But I got it bout a week ago ... and I see dat C-Murda needz 2 be takin seriously ! At 1st I wuz kinda swole at `` C '' 4 bitin off ` Pac ... but I respect him now ! -LRB- Otha peeps should 2 -RRB- Witout `` P '' 2 do tha production ... dis a tight album ! All tha songz worth listenin 2 ! But tha 1 ` nes 2 Jam in tha car iz # 2,3,5,7,10,14,17 -LRB- Dis song be busted 1 of mah speakaz -RRB- ,21,22 , & 23 ! And # 19 -LRB- Otis -RRB- Gon hav U rollin ! `` LoL '' And dat # 20 -LRB- interlude -RRB- iz sum ish U play when 1 of dem broadz ridin in ya car witchu ! `` LmBaO '' Also I think `` C '' iz tha realest from tha TANK cuz he actually called out `` CASH MONEY '' in # 2 ! Now all they got ta do iz get Mystikal bacc , and MAC outta jail so they can sign wit `` C '' ! Dis a HoTT-ReCoRd ! Yall buy dis album ! Much LuV !
 if u want a good cd , and your parents wo n't let you get the parental advisory version , this cd is for you . you cant even tell when they beep out a bad word . GET THIS CD NOW
 This is C-Murders best album , and a classic . With no production credits to beats by the pound , Deadly soundz did great . Althouh Kenoe and his traitor self , did a couple of good songs . I think this album shows good steady down south music . This album proves that he is the best rapper in the no limit camp . It is a great CD .
 C-MURDER IS ABOUT THE ONLY TRU RAPPER LEFT OUT THEREKEEPING IT REAL WITH THAT GANGASTA SOUND AND GANGASTARYHMES DO N'T HATE THAT .
 C-Murder returns after 18 months to bring you his 3rd album in as many years . Slightly less quality than his first two but it still is a good album . Only has 3 songs on here that do n't feature someone else . Has 3 or 4 songs that I skip and one classic track and one real good one , most are average or pretty good however . Production duties are mostly handled by XL -LRB- 8 songs -RRB- and Ke ` noe -LRB- 5 songs -RRB- with a few others contributing most namely Jermaine Dupri and LT Hutton . A good album to have for hardocre rap or southern rap fans . # 2 - 8 -LRB- samples Biggie 's `` Gimmie the Loot '' -RRB- # 3 - 8 -LRB- f / Snoop Dogg , Tray Deee , Goldie Loc -LCB- Eastsidaz -RCB- & kokane -RRB- # 4 - 8 -LRB- f / Master P & Erica fox -RRB- # 5 - 8.5 -LRB- f / Da Brat - good beat done by Jermaine Dupri - upbeat -RRB- # 6 - 6 -LRB- f / Fat Joe -RRB- # 7 - 9 -LRB- f / Sam & D.I.G. -RRB- # 8 - 7.5 -LRB- about being in jail -RRB- # 9 - 7 -LRB- f / Young Guns - NOT the ones from Roc-A-Fella -RRB- # 10 - 5 -LRB- f / Mystikal -RRB- # 12 - 10 -LRB- classic deeper song -- f / Silkk the shocker , MAc & Nuance - my favorite on here -RRB- # 13 - 7 -LRB- f / Afficial -RRB- # 14 - 7.5 -LRB- f / Master P , D.I.G. -RRB- # 15 - 6.5 -LRB- f / Magic , Mac , Peaches -RRB- # 16 - 9.5 -LRB- great song about Hustlin ' -- f / Krazy , Master P - 2nd best song on the album -RRB- # 17 - 7 # 18 - 8.5 -LRB- f / Holloway , Popeye - about young thugs coming up -RRB- # 21 - 7.5 -LRB- f / Mac , Mia X - about bi + che $ who try to take your money -RRB- # 22 - 7.5 -LRB- f / Krazy -RRB- # 23 - 8 -LRB- f / Magic & Snoop Dogg - also on Snoop `` No Limit Top Dogg '' album -RRB- # 24 - 7 -LRB- f / New 9 & Magic -RRB- Corey Miller -- New Orleans , LA -- B. 3/9/71NEW ORLEANS !!!! check all my reviews
 `` TRAPPED IN CRIME '' IS DEFINITELY C-MURDER 'S TIGHTEST CD . THIS CD HAS ALOT OF TIGHT SONGS , THE BEST ONES ARE `` FOREVER TRU '' , `` CONCRETE JUNGLE '' WITH SNOOP AND THE L.B.C CREW , `` THEY DONT REALLY KNOW YOU '' WITH MASTER P AND ERICA FOX , `` RIDE '' WITH SAM AND D.I.G. , `` YOUNG THUGS '' WITH POPEYE AND HOLLOWAY , `` DOWN 4 MY N 'S '' WITH SNOOP AND MAGIC , AND `` STREET THUGS '' WITH NEW-9 AND MAGIC . I THINK THIS CD IS BETTER THAN `` BOSSALINIE '' AND `` LIFE OR DEATH '' , IT AINT THE BEST NO LIMIT CD BUT IT 'S DEFINITELY WORTH CHECKING OUT ! SO BUY THIS ALBUM , PEACE OUT .
 This is probably C-Murder 's best album yet ! Too Much Noise is my favorite song from it but the other songs that I like on here are Concrete Jungle , How A Thug Like It , Want Beef , Ride , Staring At The Walls , On Da Block , What You Bout , Where Do We Go , NL Iggaz , That Calliope , They Want My Money , Down For My N 's -LRB- which is the exact same song from Snoop Dogg 's album No Limit Top Dogg -RRB- , and Street Thugs . Thug In Yo Life is an ok song , but the beat is kinda weak . Oh yeah , and the Otis Commercial and the Interlude right after it are hilarious ! If I had a choice I would give this album 4.5 stars but I can only give it 4 . If you do n't believe me , go check this album out today and see for yourself !
 THIS IS ONE OF NO LIMIT 'S LAST GOOD CDS . THIS ALBUM CAME AT A TIME WHEN NO LIMIT WAS JUST BEGINNING TO GO UNDER . BUT , THIS CD HAS TO BE POSSIBLY EVEN WHAT MAY BE THE LAST GOOD NO LIMIT CD . ON THIS CD , C-MURDER RAPS WITH FIERCE INTENSITY ON TRACKS LIKE '' DOWN FOR MY N *** AZ '' , '' WHERE DO WE GO '' , '' TOO MUCH NOISE '' , AND '' WHAT YOU BOUT '' . FOR ANYONE THAT LIKES C-MURDER , I DEFINITELY RECCOMEND THAT YOU GO OUT AND BUY THIS CD . THIS CD WAS ONE OF THE LAST CDS THAT C-MURDER RELEASED BEFORE GOING TO JAIL ON SOME MURDER CHARGES .
 I bought this cd the first day it came out , knowing that it 'd be dope . I buy most all the NL cd 's on the first day . Every song on `` Trapped In Crime '' is worth listening to . You wo n't have to skip any songs on this one . I have all of C-Murders albums , all of Silkks , P 's last 4 , and all the other soldiers . If you 're a no limit fan , then you probably do n't need to read a review to know if you should buy it . If you are n't a no limit fan , then you should be , and you should buy this cd . It 's too difficult to pick the best songs off of the album , because they are all good . This album has Snoop and the Eastsidaz , Jermaine Dupri , Da Brat , and the soldiers from No Limit . If you have a nice stereo , then C-Murder will definately sound good on it . No Limit works hard and puts out good cd 's , and there are even a couple videos out for songs on this album . Both `` They Do n't Really Know You '' and `` Down For My N 's '' have videos . `` Down For My N 's '' is also on Snoop 's `` Top Dogg '' album . C-Murder 's Bossalinie and Life or Death are also good too , so if you like this one , then buy the others . -LSB- -LSB- \ -RSB- -LSB- -LSB- -RSB- -LSB- -LSB- _ -LSB- -LSB- -LSB- -LSB- \ / -RSB- -LSB- -LSB- '' -LSB- '' .
 Alright , C-Murder might not be as marketable as Silkk or Romeo , but out of all the miller boys , he 's got the most skills . Trapped in Crime aint the album that Life or Death was , but it is better than Bossalinie . The album was released in September 2000 and it burst into the top ten in the pop charts.The best track is `` Down for my N 's '' . Ya heard me ?
 C-Murder 's back with his CD.He 's got a wide roster of appearances here - Master P , Snoop Dogg , Fat Joe , Da Brat , Jermaine Dupri , Kokane , The Eastsidaz , Silkk , Mac , and the 504 boyz all appear . The most notable track here is Down 4 my N 's with Snoop and label mate Magic . Silkk is on the album with his cliched flows . Silkk has to expand his vocabulary if he wants to survive with the current rappers . C-Murder has been accused of biting Pac 's style . When asked of the rumour , C says he takes it as a compliment . When Snoop is asked to comment , he says -LRB- of C-Murder -RRB- `` He 's just a gangsta who sounds tight '' . If you ask me , he 's better than P or Silkk . The only problem with C-Murder is that he was never promoted as heavily as P or Silkk , despite his skills . I can think of a few things C ought to change . He should stop talking about the streets and the other cliches that determine the gangster 's life . With all that said , C-Murder is a bussinessman . He has opened his own record label , TRU records and has his own guest artists . Some of Master P 's talent has rubbed off on him .
 Tapped In Crime is a MASTERPIECE cd . C-Murder has hits on this on every street . The good songs are Forever Tru , Concrete Jungle , They dont really Know you , Want Beef , Ride , On da block , What you bout , Down 4 my N 's , That Calliope , and alot More . Down 4 My N 's is the best song on this joint this song feat . Snoop and Mr. Magic . C-Murder is off the hook ! C-Murder is a rap Superstar !! Cash Money is Phoney No Limit is for real now thats Forever Tru Ya Heard me . No Limit/Tru Records is on fire and you dont want to Beef with this Army . They have to Much Paper and ther the # 1 Rap Lable ! No Limit 4eva ya Heard me !! Master P , Silk , C-Murder is the realest Rappers out there ya Heard me !!
 This is c-murders best cd yet . all the songs are good . the best songs are , down for my N 's , how a thug like it , what you bout and thug in yo life . if your a no limit fan then you should buy this cd , if your not a no limit fan then you should still buy this cd ... -LSB- -LSB- \ -RSB- -LRB- -LRB- -RRB- -LSB- -LSB- _ -LSB- -LSB- -LSB- -LSB- \ / -RSB- -LSB- -LSB- '' -LSB- ''
 This is just a great CD , especially the music and lyrics . I never had any doubt about buying this CD . I love the whole CD . My favorites are 2 . Forever TRU , 14 . Too Much Noise , 18 . Young Thugs , 19 . Otis Commercial , 20 . Interlude , 21 . They Want My Money , 22 . Thug in Yo Life . I really like 3 . Concrete Jungle , 4 . They Do n't Really Know You , 5 . How a Thug Like It , 8 . Staring at the Walls , 9 . On Da Block , 10 . What You Bout , 12 . Where do We Go , 13 . NL Iggaz , 15 . Damned if They Murder Me , 17 . That Calliope , and 23 . Down for My N 's . All in all , the CD 's definitely worth the money . Buy it ! : -RRB-
 Well.With news that C-Murder tried to kill a man at a club recently -LRB- August ' 01 -RRB- , I thought Id review the CD . Trapped in Crime is probably C-Murder 's second best CD . It 's better than Bossalinie but not quite as good as Life or Death . The CD features the usual suspects like Master P , Silkk , Snoop Dogg , Krazy , Magic , so you know theyll be bringing the heat . The CD seems to have more ballads or whatever you wan na call them , compared to other No Limit/C-Murder CDs . Overall though its a good album worth buying if you like No Limit .
 NO Limit had its moments a couple of years ago . No Limit records these days arent worth the cd its put on . On the other hand C Murder 's new lp `` Trapped in Crime '' is nice . Not exactly a No Limit album because its ok Tru Records , C Murders own label , he has different producers , but has some No Limit artist like Mac , MasterP , and a few others on there . I have to admit I love this album . This album wont be felt by many deep hiphop heads , but this extemely deep hiphop head felt it . C Murders Traped In Crime is a classic in my opinion and deserves the 5 stars I gave it .
 Tru , this CD does not rank up there with his debut album `` Life or death `` in terms of emotions , but the party joints on this CD are enough to make up for that.When C-Murder does try to be emotional in `` Where do we go `` feat.Young Silkk , he fails.The beats are too fast for an emotional song and the vocals are garbage.The good songs , however , are , # 2 , # 3feat . Snoop Dogg and the Eastdidaz , # 4feat . Master P and Erica Fox , # 5 feat.Da Brat and Jermaine Dupri , # 6 feat Fat Joe , # 10 feat . Mystikal , # 14 feat.D.I.G and Master P , # 15 feat.Mac , Magic , and Ms.Peaches , # 19 -LRB- this a very funny interlude with Soulja Slim 's music playing in the background -RRB- , and # 23 feat.Snoop and Magic .
 good slow , mellow , words and rhymes comin ' from a thug ... pik it up , its stright good
 Their latest releases were really tight -LRB- Mac-World War III , Magic 's Thuggin ' & Goodfellas -RRB- and so is T.I.C. the best songs are Forever TRU , On Da Block , What U Bout , That Calliope , Down 4 My N 's , Street Thugs and a few others . I 'm looking forward to Silkk 's -LRB- 17 oct. -RRB- & P 's -LRB- 11 . nov -RRB- new albums !
 ME AN MY GIRLFIEND DANIELLE , LOVE NO LIMIT RECORDS WE ARE REAL BIG FANS , SO WE KNOW TALENT WHEN WE SEE IT AND C-MURDER GOT THAT TALENT IN RAPPING , EVERY CD HE BRINGS OUT BE JAMMIN . ON THIS ALBUM I WOULD LIKE FOR EVERYONE 2 CHECK OUT # 2 I LIKE THE WAY HE DIS CASH MONEY .
 life or death is one of the top 10 nl albums ever ... bossalinie was aight ... and now c has com back with another top 10 nl album in trapped in crime . he needs to get he credit he deserves . instead of everyone crackin on him they need to jus sit back and listen . his albums are all tight . and plus he owns tru . that crime family album was great but everyones got ta be hatin . now they have to respect him . give the man whats due to him .
 Now that C-Murder has his new record company TRU Records you really fell what hes sayin . With nobody to hold him back hes ready to rip the mic . With special Guest such as Fat Joe Da Brat and Da East Siders this cd is worth buying and if your not gon na buy it you should really give it a listen !
 Buy this cd . It is awesome !!!!!! If you thought C 's old CD 's where good , then you will absulutley love this cd i bought this cd the first day it came out . And if you where smart you would buy it now
 Man this cd is on fire I knew when i got this that the man C-Murder was not going to let his Tru fans down and I 'm one of them fo sho not those bandwagon people I got this cd the first day and it is bangin the whole cd is hot to me except number 16 everything else is fire The otis commercial and interlude is funny as hell but the music is what is hot The song with Mystikal is the hot track man get this cd Snoop and the Eastsidaz are on here Da Brat and the No Limit fam and TRU records people it 's over No Limit is ready and they on top of things No Limit for life .
 This was released at a time when NL was not doing too good . The 504 boyz ' Goodfellas sold poorly , despite heavy promotion . C-Murder released this album in September . The production is tight , he 's got Snoop , Fat Joe , da Brat , Jermaine Dupri , Noreaga and more . P and Silkk are on a few tracks too.Unfortunately , the album did poorly on the charts . Trapped in Crime entered the charts at no. 9 selling only 75,959 copies in its first week . I did some research and C-Murder first album Life or Death debuted at no. 3 selling 197,338 in its first week . His second album Bosaalinie sold 175,611 in its first week .
 This is one of C-Murder 's Best . Well all are good . Just another hot joint to add to the collection . You 'll have no choice but to enjoy .
 Buy this cd - it is the best by C-MURDER LP - if not try CP3.COMI hope to see more of the rapper in 2004 and beyond .
 C-Murder 's third LP was released at a time when No Limit records was losing steam . The heavily promoted 504 boyz project only went Gold . With a platinum and gold backing , C-Murder went into the studio for his 3rd LP . The album features all of the NL soldiers as well as Jermaine Dupri , Snoop Dogg , Da Brat , The Eastsidaz , Noreaga , and Mystikal.While Trapped in Crime is not quite the album Life or Death was , C-Murder remains loyal to his Calliope projects . While he often outshines siblings Silkk the Shocker and Master P , C ca n't out-rhyme Mac -LRB- now incarcerated -RRB- or Mystikal . Also , the number of poignant cuts is at a minimum.Yet the Tru-Records crew deserves credit for upping the standards especially the beats , which blend perfectly with C-Murder 's flow . Lyrically , C is capable of more and the album does become somewhat claustrophobic after a while , but this is the best NL release in a while .
 Aww I remember No Limit 's glory years of 1997-1999 . Every fan got a NL cd when it dropped , no matter who the artist was -LRB- Remember buying two copies of MP Da Last Don the first day it came out ? -RRB- LOL . And most of the CDs were TIGHT !! But in 2000 , thangs done changed . Master P started bitting Pac 's style and most of the artists started to part there separate ways . Dispite all the turmoil that started to take over the NL camp , one CD dropped in 2000 that gave MP a sudden glimmer of hope . That was C-Murder 's `` Trapped In Crime '' . When I first saw the advertisment of this CD , I had my doubts because musically they were getting cornier buy the album . But when my cousin first bumped it in her ride , I was shocked as hell . I was like `` this cd is actually tight '' . It seemed like song after song had good beats . This CD was the best NL cd to come out in 2000 hands-down . All other NL releases after 1999 are PURE GARBAGE . What surprised me the most is that Beat by th Pound were n't supplying the beats either . It was still good . C-Murder is by no means a excellent lyricist , but I like his unique rapping style . It is raw and straight to the point . And the raw beats were a compliment to his style . My favorite tracks are 3,4,5,7,12,13,14 , and `` YOUNG THUGZ '' - man that is a tight joint !! My only beef with this cd is that thier are too many damn guest appearances . That is my pet peeve with NL is too many artists on the cds , but hey that is a typical release . I am glad that this did n't hinder it from being a overall great cd . I highly recommend this cd over every other cd made by C . This is C - Murder at his best .
 Most people know Master P , Silkk , Mystikal , Snoop . Those are the most famous soldiers on the tank . Why?Because they are sellouts!P make a little dough and he goes and buys a mansion in the country and yet he still reps Calliope 3rd ward.Ditto for Silkk . C-Murder is the other extreme . C 's first album went platinum , but he still lives in the hood.Many people have given this CD bad reviews and I am getting a bit tired of it . This is one of 2000 's best CD 's . Better than P 's Ghetto Postage and Silkk 's My world my way . C-Murder has upped the production on his third CD and the beats are phat . The best song is Down for my N 's . P.S. C-Murder 's not guilty!Stay strong C.
 This is first cd he produced on his own so I cut him some slack . It is a original concept for his cd . I love the guest appearences and the albums rhymes .
 Twila has a truly beautiful voice . This gal is talented . `` The Warrior Is A Child '' and `` Do I Trust You '' are my favorite songs in this album . They move the soul . This is my first cd of hers . Based on this one , I will hunt down all her songs .
 With tracks mostly from the 1947 -LRB- in big band and small band format -RRB- , with one interesting track from '49 -LRB- `` After you 've gone '' - Jimmy Rushing 's mellow side is shown in slower tempo -RRB- plus two tracks from '50 -LRB- `` If You See My Baby '' & `` Sweets '' -RRB- , this CD bring the best out of Bill Basie ... For instance , there 's a spirited performance of `` Shine on , Harvest Moon '' where Bill plays with just his rhythm-team of Green , Page and Jones.There 's no Lester Young in the band any more , but the Basie wagon is still swinging hard , with Sweets Edison , Emmett Berry , Jimmy Rushing , Paul Gonsalves , Charlie Price , Buddy Tate , George Matthews , Jack Washington , Snooky Young , Freddie Green , Walter Page , Jo Jones and others -LRB- the 1950 tracks are by the octet Harry Edison - tp , Dicky Wells-tb , Georgie Auld , Gene Ammons - ts , Basie-p , Green-p , Al McKibbon-b , Gus Johnson-dm PLUS `` Google Eyes '' - vo - I have no idea who 's that guy singing ; he sounds OK -RRB- The package is a bit shoddy - it gives the personnel and date for each track in cronology , but tracks are not ordered the same ways and it does n't name the soloists -LRB- which can be fun if your ' e into guessing and testing your swing listening skills -RRB- ; the essay on Basie in 3 languages is to general , all of which is normal for Planet Jazz series.But since this is not the most well known period of Basie 's work , if you do n't have these tracks -LRB- AND if it 's not too expensive -RRB- , I 'd buy if I were you .
 I heard this group on the radio and had to have their cd , which I like very much . My only disappointment is that my favorite track , Sinklars vise , is incomplete . The singer is cut off midsentence and it was a longer song on the radio . Even though I ca n't understand the words , the rhythms are mesmerizing .
 Yes the Bobo Dread , Junior Kelly , certainly does have a conscious voice . He is continually gaining more and more notice as the next big thing coming out of Rasta reggae . A perfect medium between his wild and crazy Bobo bredren Capleton and Sizzla and other modern roots and culture artists like Morgan Heritage and Luciano . He brings Dancehall with a Rootsy vibration . See my review of his earlier album Love So Nice for more of my opinion on him . All that being said , this album fails to produce the quality of material that Junior Kelly deserves . Penetentiary records released this album and although it is good , its production is lacking and dull compared to the brilliant Love So Nice produced by VP records . However Nuff tunes are good here . The album opens up with a strong hard hitting Push A Fire -LRB- with and uncredited Yami Bolo -RRB- , Bun Down Rome is a good tune -LRB- do n't take it too literally or personally , this is the Bobo overstanding of things and it is used as a metaphor for ridding the Vatican of its corruption , I am ethnically Italian myself -RRB- , What A Worries , God Bless are some more strong tunes . Them & Those speaks of dem people who only need you when you are on the rise and abandon you otherwise . Come One Day and My Only Joy are some of my other favorites . The rest of the songs are also pretty good alot of them I knew beforehand as singles so it was n't a suprise for me , there is Jah Live On -LRB- on Love So Nice -RRB- a redone version of Jah Nuh Dead which is good , but not all that different from the first version . Also included are some trademark Junior Kelly heartbreak and lamenting songs -LRB- I feel de bredren believe me -RRB- . The only bad song here in my opinion is the Love So Nice remix , it is terrible ... I tried to like it , but I dunno why they massacred the song . So ... heres what I say , Junior Kelly is a great artist , and his albums are few and hard to come across ... this album is worth getting , it is still good but do n't expect the power of production that was on VP 's Love So Nice . Go ahead and enjoy and keep your eyes open for VP 's next release of Junior Kelly . JAH , Rastafari !
 -LRB- 4.5 stars -RRB- Conscious Voice is easily Junior Kelly 's best work since Juvenile and its dubbed out counterpart . Simply put , there are no bad tracks here and the underrated singjay rules it throughout the album . My simple critique of Junior Kelly has always been his lyrical content , he has -LRB- usually -RRB- a problem with consistency , meaning that you can clearly see that he has the ability to do much better than he does , but on Conscious Voice , he leaves very little room for improvement . My favorite track here is without a doubt the beautiful God Bless , which reminds me a little of Kalonji 's awesome `` The World '' from Bobo Ashanti . Speaking of Sizzla that is exactly the level that Junior Kelly attains with this one . Also check Push a Fire , Dem Shoulda Know , What a Worries and its remix , and Them and Those . Also interesting here is the hip-hop treatment given to Kelly 's biggest hit to date Love So Nice , I 'm not saying its great , but its very interesting to hear . And by the way feel Jah Live On and Come One Day , but as I 've said there are no weak songs here , just hits and Kelly runs it amazingly well .
 I recently found this CD in a Hollywood music store along with its sequel before their listing here . Not ever having any Deodato recordings prior to Prelude nor any after Love Island , I had no idea what to expect . I love bossa nova , but wondered whether or not it would be sanitized and commercialized . After all , Deodato DID get pretty commercial sounding after the issue of Love Island . Then I noticed that this was recorded in 1964 , right in the midst of the bossa nova craze . That clinched it , I had to have both of them.Volume 1 is by far my favorite of the two and not just because the material is stronger . The musicians on both volumes are virtuoso , but on Volume 1 of the Bossa Nova Sessions they sound positively inspired ! Throughout , Deodato shows the massive talent for arrangement and phrasing that to Americans just seemed to have come from out of nowhere when Prelude was unleashed in the US.Samba de Verao is likely the best-known tune on the CD . Millions who could n't tell a samba from a square dance have heard it at some time in their lives . But its hardly the best tune . I like almost everything . Favorites include Samba No Congo , Adriana , Capoeira -LRB- great sax work -RRB- , the aforementioned Samba de Verao , Ainda Mais Lindo , So Por Amor , Ela e Carioca , and Pouca Duracao.A pool party would be the perfect place to crank this up and get everyone in a festive mood . Even those who generally eschew dancing might find the infectious joy and drive of this music too hard to resist.There are over 50 minutes of great music here and I think this is a CD not to be missed . Get this great find today while it is still available .
 Marriott was the man , and deserves to be remembered , but the fact that he was one of the best R&B vocalists this country 's ever produced means anyone trying to do his songs justice is probably , with all the best intentions , going to struggle . Steve Ellis comes closest to hitting the notes , the best of his tracks being Song Of A Baker . Dennis Greaves , Simon `` Honeyboy '' Hickling , and Midge Ure all perform well . Both the tracks by Deborah Bonham are outstanding , in particular -LRB- If You Think You 're -RRB- Groovy , which is easily the best thing on the album . The tracks by Weller/Gallagher/McLagen et al are good , but you 'd expect better . As for Tony Rivers ripping the throat out of Itchycoo Park , the less said about it the better.Review in brief
 This is such a beautiful album . Fans of Iron & Wine and more recently Horse Feathers will really enjoy it . It 's a thicker , more realized sound than either of the aforementioned but it still has that rusty Southern Gothic feel to it . Highly recommended .
 In the `` Sounds Like '' comment on their MySpace rather than list a bunch of bands Ola Podrida wrote `` If you would like to further explore this inquiry by acquiring our album ... `` If you like the samples you hear on Amazon -LRB- or full songs at -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- you 'll love this album . Do n't hesitate , just acquire it.The album is solid from the beginning to the end . A list of vague comparisons to other artists and music could go on and on but it 's best to just get the album because you 'll want to listen to it over and over for a very long time .
 This album is an unheralded gem . It features very tuneful , uncluttered and engaging songs with lots of fine acoustic guitar playing and good singing . Slide guitar , banjo and organ also crop up . Some of the tunes are very atmospheric and dreamy -LRB- e.g. , track 7 -RRB- while others have greater intensity and drive . The group has a good sense of mildly bawdy humor that comes across in their songs . My favorite track is # 9 , A Clouded View.I 'm excited they 've put out a new CD in 2009 . Hopefully it will equal or exceed this debut effort .
 This truly is a perfect piece of work . I can not wait until the next Ola Podrida record after listening to this one continously . The only other records in this genre released this year that I think can come close to this one are The Great Lake Swimmers ' `` Oniagra '' & Iron & Wines ' `` The Shepherd 's Dog '' .
 In his first solo effort since leaving the popular Canadian folk group Tamarack , James Gordon shows that he has not lost his touch at writing moving -LRB- and sometimes funny -RRB- songs . He is at his best in songs like ` Coke Oven Brook ' which documents the pollution of a town 's water supply by run off from a steel mill . ` Jumbo 's Last Ride ' tells the story of the death of the famous giant circus elephant in order to save the life of his friend Tom Thumb and raises questions about mans ' relationship with animals . Not everything here is great , but is all very good .
 Whether you are a long-time fan of the show , or a rerun watcher , the riveting , pensive ballads will have you remembering the tense moments the characters spent in times of trouble . From the brass sounds to the mello piano solos , this album will have you pressing review over and again ...
 Whether you are a long-time fan of the show , or a rerun watcher , the riveting , pensive ballads will have you remembering the tense moments the characters spent in times of trouble . From the brass sounds to the mello piano solos , this album will have you pressing review over and again ...
 The two-disc `` Alone '' somehow manages to be folksy , menacing , spare and anarchic at the same time . Recorded live at New York 's Hunter College in 1976 , `` Alone '' is one of Hooker 's last real solo statements . It works . You may have noticed the above review by the Grove Press Guide to the Blues savages this album . That 's ridiculous , but does make a couple good points . `` Alone '' is not for everyone . Those with very short attention spans beware . Hooker is in live , solo , folk mode , often hushed and unhurried , and there are many , many silences on this album between the vocals and the occasional guitar bursts . Folkish , yes , but , as I said , there is menace afoot here . `` Dark Room '' , `` Jesse James '' and `` Never Get Out of These Blues Alive '' from the first disc and most of the second disc are slow , moody , haunting blues . Great stuff . CD # 1 , called `` The First Show '' is better and has more life to it . CD # 2 seems to be in front of an even smaller crowd and a mysterious harmonica makes a late and ghostly -LRB- and not very competent -RRB- appearance on the last three tracks . One note
 John Lee Hooker has been bringing us his own style of delta blues for over forty years . He has revolutionized two types of blues
 WILD BILL DAVIS was the architect of the modern Jazz organ ... Jimmy Smith heard him one day , and got on the band wagon , but after you hear this album you can decide for yourself who swung harder . - - WILD BILL got his start playing for LOUIS JORDAN -LRB- as did Bill Dogett as well -RRB- - - I 'm not sure how the story goes , but before Wild Bill , the Jazz world did n't really take the Hammond seriously ... at best it was a novelty instrument -LRB- Fats Waller and Count Basie would dabble at times -RRB- - - Then along came the WILD one ... The WILD one was the architect of Jazz Organ bassline . -LRB- It would be Jimmy who would come along and create the horn like line -RRB- In the annals of Jazz , WILD BILL is best remembered for his catch phrase `` ONE MO ' TIME '' and his arrangement of April in Paris - - but in reality THINK HAMMOND , think BILL , this is where the Groove really started . WILD BILL left the planet about 5 years ago , but I 'm glad FINALLY he 's back on the shelves ... . ONE MO ' TIME , BILL ! ! !
 Hodges & Davis were great , and I wish more of their stuff were readily available . But this one appears to be a duplicate of `` In a Mellow Tone '' . It has the same two artists and the same track list as ASIN B000008B9R . -LRB- Damn . And there were so few albums of these guys as it was ! -RRB-
 There are those who insist that `` real rap '' is dead , that it was killed by R&B ; and Gansgsta and Crunk . They are the ones who stopped listening.Busdriver gives hip-hop a new direction with rapid-fire , esoteric lyrics with a sophistication and intellectualism that rises above the collegiate Chubb Rock ; like Professor Griff without the agenda . `` Unemployed Black Astronaut '' is the showcase track here , a catchy tune with a sing-along chorus that deep down unloads double cynical barrels on mainstream hip-hop , major labels , even racial and urban-cultural divisions . He continues his lament against both mainstream music and cultured music critics with `` Reheated Pop Sensation '' , a song-length prostration parody.Even Busdriver 's own adoptive subgenre of music is fair game for the rap critic of rap , with `` Avantcore '' glibly mocking the contrarians of underground/alternative hip-hop . The album ends with remixes of three of the album 's showcase tracks.No , rap is not dead , it never died , you just fell off . Time to get back on the bus .
 this is the first amazon review i 've ever took the time to write . probably the last , too ... but when i saw that this album had only one review so far i could n't believe it.busdriver is one of the most innovative and interesting performers in contemporary music ... this album is simply briliant , smart , hillarious . and the beats are tremendous too ... if you like the most invoative stuff in hip-hop
 People base reviews on personal taste . I have no beef with that , or someone who gives this album a two of three . But as you can probably tell , other people do like this album . Emcees diss their fans all the times , have you ever been to a show ? And if an emcee never criticizes themselves , then how do we know their real ? Every emcee should have an album like this . Considering it 's Easter its very odd I 'm listening to this album . I think Busdriver had a plan with this one . Maybe rip himself down with some sort of emo-suicide album , and then come again with another Temporary Forever-album . But the most important thing is that he switched up his style . He did n't want to be fast and happy Busdriver anymore . He wanted to be fast and angry Busdriver . Sometimes on this album I think he should just stay pissed -LRB- Unemployed Black Astronaut -RRB- and sometimes I wish he would just go back to Temporary Forever . Overall this album is not as good as Temp . Forever , but I like this better than all his Temp . Forever wannabe albums . If you really like Busdriver but think his writing is monotonous , buy this album.PS also here 's a tip for a reviewer . Express your opinions without completely trashing fans of the artist and the genre . I mean seriously if you bought the CD you were obviously a fan of the guy at one point in time , so are you a clone pseudo-intellectual like the rest of us . Oh , and if you 've ever listened to Temporary Forever , he explains the name .
 Busdriver is from the Project Blowed LA crew . However , this album was n't released on that label . The title of this cd is obviously a play-on-words from Public Enemy 's renown `` Fear Of A Black Planet . '' This title should give you some kind of idea of the unique and intriguing personality that Busdriver possesses . This is the first cd I bought from him , although I 've heard him with Haiku D'Etat on their last cd.It took about three full listens to completely get into this cd . To say Busdriver is unconventional is an understatement . There 's just nobody out there like him . From the different flows and voices he fiddles with , to the different characters he plays , no one is similar to Busdriver . He 's quite funny at times , and sometimes even insightful , but the best way to describe him is witty . Wit is definitely his game . As `` far out '' as these songs are , there were still a couple that were to `` out there '' for me -LRB- `` Wormholes , '' `` Low Flying Winged Books '' -RRB- . The rest of it is classic Busdriver though.Haiku D'Etat members Abstract Rude and Mikah 9 enhance the experience by appearing on different songs on this cd , and other Project Blowdians Ellay Khule and 2mex show up too . The four of them are involved , separately , in `` Map Your Psyche '' and `` Sphinx 's Coonery , '' obviously standouts . Other good songs I remember were `` Unemployed Black Astronaut , '' and `` Lefty 's Lament , '' but to only focus on these songs is a disservice to the rest of the album . The three remixes are very good , and the intro was actually worthwhile.I keep hearing that `` Temporary Forever '' was a better album , but I sure like this one though . However , I would n't say it 's for everybody . If you REALLY like Hiphop , especially the real sh # % that 's experimental and devoid of gimmicks
 This is a great album , it 's got a little something for everybody , ranging from pure heat to pop tunes to abstract hip hop.This album features production by Paris Zax , Thavius Beck , Daedelus , & one track by Omid . Remixes by Invisibl Skratch Piklz DJ D-Styles , Prefuse 73 , and Nobody . Cameos by fellow Project Blowedians Abstract Rude , Rifleman Ellay Khule , Mikah 9 -LRB- Freestyle Fellowship -RRB- , and 2mex .
 Rap sucks , but Busdriver proves that it does not have to . He mixes intelligent lyrics , with rapid-fire delivery , and catchy beats . I highly recommend this and all of his albums . I personally think that this is his best album to date , but everything he does is platinum to me , but 99.999999999 % of hip-hop audiences do not know that and they are missing out . They can have their Eminems , 50 Cents , T-Pains , and other crap while true hip-hop fans listen to what hip-hop should be - Busdriver , Aesop Rock , and the other unknowns that are incredibly talented . Just buy this c.d.
 This is the compilation for Warrant era in CMC records , the Albums Ultrafobic and Belly-to-Belly are great , where Warrant dared to move into other styles and grow , sadly it costed lost some fans-these fans may be wanted to keep hanging on the 2 first albums . This CD is very good and an enjoyable trip to the Warrant evolution on the 90 's . My only complain is that only last 50 minutes , so there is 30 minutes of space where several other songs could be added , also some classics
 Most of the live songs are from their Album 86-97 LIVE . Only difference is the sound quality it a lot better . It 's too bad I never got to see Jani Lane play live when I was younger . The only track this is missing also is `` sometimes she cries . '' Which you can get of the 86-97 live Album . I think that album was one of their best live performances I ever heard . If you have n't listened to it , do it . You wo n't regret it . The crowd sings with him it 's amazing .
 This is another addition to the Sanctuary/CMC International Records `` Then and Now '' series . `` Then and Now '' is a compilation featuring music from the three releases that Warrant did while they were signed to CMC.The first album represented is `` Ultraphobic '' from 1995 , which was Warrant 's fourth studio album . Their fifth studio album , `` Belly to Belly '' -LRB- 1996 -RRB- is also represented . Finally , some live cuts are taken from `` Warrant
 A RUFFER VERSION
 This two disc set , part of Savoy 's recent Originals reissue program is a gem and shows just how early the Adderley brother 's talents were blossoming . The liner notes tell the story of two rather niaive brothers taking a road trip to the big city from Florida and ending up with some masterful jazz recorded here for all of us to enjoy . 21 tracks in all , including alternate takes , the menu ranges from ballads to swing to bop all the while with Julian and Nat displaying a great deal of creativity and virtuosity . And do n't forget the sidemen who include Donald Byrd , Jerome Richardson , Horace Silver , Paul Chambers , Kenny Clarke , Hank Jones and a few others . Highly recommended landmark recording . Do n't forget to check out the other sets in this series , especially Art Pepper 's Discovery Sessions and the Fats Navarro set .
 Finally ! Both of these sessions have been released in their entirety in one package . The music ? This is where it all began for both Cannonball and Nat . If you 're an Adderley fan , you 'll love the way both groups swing . Hank Jones ' tasteful comping is something I always hone in on ; sometimes it 's as though the others are not even there . `` Flamingo '' was not included in the Timeless compilation that came out about ten years or so ago ; now it 's back . Just look at all the players on both of these sessions . You know this is a must have . You will not be disappointed !
 3 full sessions PRESENTING CANNONBALL , BOHEMIA AFTER DARK , and THAT 'S NAT where tenor saxophonist , flautist Jerome Richardson replaces Cannonball Adderley .
 I 'm sorry I did n't find this sooner . Its awesome . The liner notes were priceless as well . They tell the story of high school music teacher and his brother leaving Florida , landing in New York , and playing in clubs with the greats like Hampton , Coltrane , and Miles Davis . Meanwhile making a name for themselves . Great album .
 This CD includes some essential early bebop jazz . It follows Navarro 's career in the studios from 1946 to late 1947 . Included are an all-star octet session featuring Navarro , Kenny Dorham , Sonny Stitt , Bud Powell , and Kenny Clarke , and two sessions led by Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis . More importantly , some of Navarro 's earliest recordings with pianist Tadd Dameron are included , one of the key collaborations in post-war jazz.These recordings feature some of the most exciting small group trumpet of the 1940 's . Navarro 's Blue Note recordings -LRB- available on a two-disc set -RRB- are also essential .
 Highly recommended ; anyone who wants to know where Clifford Brown came from should listen to Navarro . One minor error in the main review
 Gonzales uber Alles is the better album -LRB- still in the category I call , for lack of a better word , `` lounge rap '' -RRB- but no way will you get me to give this less than 5 stars , given the wasteland of mediocre music that it fights through . Chilly is * smart * . The same way Frank Zappa and Mike Patton was/are smart . Please , if you are stupid and do n't `` get it , '' buy a copy for your clever friends . Buy lots of copies and maybe Chilly will record more.I love `` Shameless Eyes . '' How I love to see them cry.Wish there were more Peaches on this CD but now I have my copy of the Teaches of Peaches . Har har har . -LRB- Completely different than Chilly but also a keeper . -RRB-
 Quirky , well produced , resonant beats . Quirky , quirky is the word ! Unusual , original and catchy lyrics . Gonzales is whacked out in the most delightful way . - The best album , across all genres , I 've heard in a year .
 I ordered &#34; Presidential Suite &#34; after I discovered how much I enjoyed one of Chilly 's other albums , ` Ivory Tower . ' Both albums are phenomenal and deserve an audition for your music collection . I have copy/pasted my review for ` Ivory Tower ' below , which will share with you how I discovered his music . The bottom line is that these two albums are SO TIGHT and SO INTELLIGENT that they allowed me to like music that I never , ever had liked before . I have been excited discovering Chilly 's music , and have since expanded my collection to include all of his albums . -------------------------------------------------------------------------- -LSB- my review of &#34; Ivory Tower &#34; -RSB- I actually discovered Chilly Gonzales on the &#34; Classical Music Station &#34; where I was introduced to his classical piano music first . The first piece of music I heard of his was &#34; Minor Fantasy &#34; from his Album &#34; Solo Piano 2 , &#34; and although I do n't really like piano-only music , I REALLY enjoyed this work . When I went online to order this particular album , I was introduced to Chilly 's other music stylings such as what is contained in &#34; Ivory Tower . &#34; Upon listening to some of the samples I was n't particularly convinced that I would like this album , but the overwhelmingly positive reviews convinced me to give it a try.Upon listening to this album the very first time I could tell that Chilly and his crew put a ton of attention to every aspect of the album , and that it was a very ` intelligent ' album . There were some grooves that got my foot tapping and some really funny lyrics , but my overall first impression was that &#34; this was an excellent album of music that just was n't my cup of tea . &#34; About a week later , my wife was driving my car and it still had the Chilly CD in it . She said she did n't expect me to have that type of music in the CD player -LRB- we have different taste in music -RRB- and that she REALLY liked it . So , the next time we were in the car together , we listened to it again ... and for some reason , the second time I listened to the album in its entirety , I really got into it . Maybe because the shock of how different it was than any other music in my collection had worn off and my prejudices toward techno/club music had to be put aside because my wife likes those styles of music.I have listened to the album many times over now , and I have found that I like the album more each time I listen to it . It was really exciting for me to have an album of this techno/party/club genre that I REALLY like . I never felt like I was able to like music like this because I always found this type of music to be boring and repetitive , and lacking in any real ` music . ` This album has been a game changer for me , along with his &#34; Presidential Suite &#34; album , which I had a similar experience with . Chilly Gonzales is edgy , funny , and most importantly , incredibly musically talented . I highly recommend this album , particularly to those people who feel the need to expand their musical horizons .
 They say AIDS is n't real . Neither is this music , but I ca n't stop listening to it . Who is this guy ? He 's an absolutely brilliant producer . Gonzales Uber Alles is his definitive release . The Entertainist was entertaining upon one listen . But The Presidential Suite is a return to form . Almost every track virally attacks your brain , and you ca n't shake it .
 Usually masochism is n't a adjective befitting a music fan of any sort . That is unless your thing is playing music so loud your ears start to pus and bleed , but I digress . Khanate have fashioned an album here that will bring out the masochist in anyone . It has to , otherwise there would be no way to enjoy such a vile thing as this . Yes Khanate do belong to the doom metal genre yet they share few ties with the usual Sabbath-esque canon of bands that populate this style . They 've removed every last drop of bluesy riffs and stoner elements from the doom sound and infused it with something that is much closer to The Swans and Godflesh then anything Ozzy ever concocted . I could be swayed easily into believing that Khanate 's intention here was to construct an album of absolute oppressiveness and where torturing the listener was high on the agenda . This goes beyond the feeling of immense gravity a band like Earth or Sunn O -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- might create . Khanate yields to you that same feeling of suffocating heaviness but perhaps while trying to escape the gravity you fell into a bubbling tar pit . Unable to move due to immense force bearing down on you and slowly being sucked deeper into the black liquid you have no choice but to give up . The most promising doom band to come along for some time
 This is frightening . Not just because of the volume , the grindingly slow pace , the subsonic frequencies , the sense of revelation through abjection , or even Alan Dubin 's tortured vocals . No , what 's really frightening is just how MUSICAL Khanate are.They 're often described as an evolution from Stephen O'Malley 's earlier band Burning Witch
 Khanate is a doom-metal supergroup , made up of musicians from the likes of Sunn O -RRB- -RRB- , Burning Witch , and O.L.D. . So if you 're a fan of the scene you have a basic idea of what to expect , but Khanate goes well beyond the typical doom -LRB- which is basically the loudest ambient music in the world -RRB- and full-on into the realm of conscious insanity . This is DOOM in caps.There 's nothing superficially offensive about Khanate . There 's no occult/satanic references and no profanity ... . and yet this manages to be more frightening than every `` nEkRo '' black metal and submusical grindcore outfit out there . This is the kind of primordial fear and dread that only the likes of Swans and Godflesh have approached . This is PURE EVIL , the sonic equivalent of H.P. Lovecraft . So make sure that all sharp objects are put away before you proceed.Khanate 's debut consists of 5 long-playing -LRB- the album is nearly an hour in duration -RRB- slabs of audio torment -- all screeching feedback drones , thick bass , SLLLOOWWW and deliberate rhythms that recall shifting tectonic plates , and Alan Dubin 's voice , which sounds like it is being broadcast via short-wave radio from the lowest reaches of Hell . And the lyrics are totally depraved and sickening -LRB- recite the lyrics of Skin Coat and feel the room get colder -RRB- . While most doom has a sort of mammoth , hazy vibe -LRB- as if you were smoking a truckload of herb on an oppressively hot summer 's day -RRB- , this is like witnessing Black Sabbath jamming in the midst of a collapsing black hole . Totally oppressive and without a shred of remorse or a shaft of light . Very hard for me to rate -LRB- I 'll settle for a four , since it does what it is intended to do EXTREMELY well -RRB- and definitely not for most tastes . However , if you love extreme music , this makes 99 % of it look like child 's play . Venture at your own risk . Oh , and for what it 's worth , I really like the cover art for some reason .
 This is the most depressing sick thing i 've ever heard ! Ultra gravitational hellish brooding doom !!!! The ultimate ...
 this album ... its very good . the music assumes a life of its own , as it crawls and retches along like an entity in itself . unfortunately , the label -LRB- southern lord -RRB- made too much of a comparison with this and the guitar players previous band , burning witch . while this does sound like the next logical step in the damaged cycle of battery that was burning witch , this is very different in some ways , and should be considered on its own merit , not ex members of so and so , -LRB- stuff . . -RRB- like that . i dont know what they could possibly tune to , it sounds like a lot of low a notes rattling around while someone beats a drum a far off and a goblin screeches until his heart slides up his throat and onto the floor . if you were into burning witch , pick this up . if you werent , i wont recommend this to you , bacause this stuff will seriously change you .
 Few bands that are called extreme metal live up to that , but Khanate is just that
 ... and loved it ! i do n't have a metal background , but james plotkin 's work in OLD , and his guitar work -LRB- not bass work -- nic bullen was scorn 's bassist -RRB- on scorn 's amazing album evanescence made me check them out.this album is a good intro to their sound , which now is even more concerned with pure sound as its main device . plotkin 's bass ' microtones are amazing .
 S. Frank , whoever you be , you obviously do n't know what you 're talking about . Khanate are most definately doom , they just do n't conform to the horribly restrictive conventions of the narrow-minded , self important ` true doom ' scene -LRB- You know who you are , Doom-metal . com -RRB- . This is a nightmare of a record , but in a good way . Inhuman screeching over piercing feedback and drone , all anchored by a lower-than-low end . Skin Coat is enough to have you sleeping with the lights on . All these grindcore bands , in their quest to sound as horrific as possible , have once again been outdone by the inspired lunacy that appears commonplace at Southern Lord . If you like Grief and have n't heard these , I can not recommend this enough .
 this cd is sick.featuring the vocalist from burning witch , and members of other various bands , this is excellent ` hellish brooding doom . ' its sort of an evil thing to behold , man . its very slow , so dont be expecting speed metal . this is heaaaaaaavy . and black . but not black metal , no , this is blacker than black , i promise . black sabbath and burning witch get into a fistfight in a vat of thick , black venom spewed from the mouth of satan himself . truly sick . recommended .
 ... Well , technically , it IS drone doom . The reason I say it is n't is because of how UNIQUE it is to the genre of drone doom.Other drone bands , like Sunn O -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- , Boris , and Earth tend to sound the same . This is n't a bad thing - they just all sound the same.Khanate , however , brings something new to the table in this particular genre . The music is still plodding , slow and monolithic , but there is an indescribable uniqueness to the music of this album that it pushes the boundaries of drone . In fact , the only thing I can say sounds even REMOTELY similar to the above bands is the 6 minute riff at the beginning of `` Under Rotting Sky '' . -LRB- I 'll get to that later . -RRB- Now , enough with the comparisons . I 'm here to discuss the music - your mileage may vary if it IS music or not - of Khanate , a band which will shape doom metal for generations to come . -LRB- By the way , Stephen O Malley , the guitarist for Sunn O -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- , is in this band . -RRB- Khanate are quite possibly the most disturbing , claustrophobic band ever to hit the recording studio . That is the understatement of the century . The vocals of Alan Dublin are harsh shrieks , though not in the black metal sense . The shrieks on this album sound like a defensive animal - it is truly unnerving . The twisted lyrics of the band contribute to this aspect . The bass is loud and crunchy , much like Al Cisneros ' bass on Om , only they 're even heavier . The drumming does not attribute to the scariness of this band but is a key instrument and is very - dare I say it while discussing this band of all bands - entertaining to listen to.In fact , despite the terror that emmits from this album , it 's actually quite enjoyable to listen to , at least for me . Your mileage may vary whether it is entertaining or not - but for me , the riffs on this album are very emotionally deep and sometimes even catchy -LRB- oh my ! -RRB- Track 1
 Yes the Bobo Dread , Junior Kelly , certainly does have a conscious voice . He is continually gaining more and more notice as the next big thing coming out of Rasta reggae . A perfect medium between his wild and crazy Bobo bredren Capleton and Sizzla and other modern roots and culture artists like Morgan Heritage and Luciano . He brings Dancehall with a Rootsy vibration . See my review of his earlier album Love So Nice for more of my opinion on him . All that being said , this album fails to produce the quality of material that Junior Kelly deserves . Penetentiary records released this album and although it is good , its production is lacking and dull compared to the brilliant Love So Nice produced by VP records . However Nuff tunes are good here . The album opens up with a strong hard hitting Push A Fire -LRB- with and uncredited Yami Bolo -RRB- , Bun Down Rome is a good tune -LRB- do n't take it too literally or personally , this is the Bobo overstanding of things and it is used as a metaphor for ridding the Vatican of its corruption , I am ethnically Italian myself -RRB- , What A Worries , God Bless are some more strong tunes . Them & Those speaks of dem people who only need you when you are on the rise and abandon you otherwise . Come One Day and My Only Joy are some of my other favorites . The rest of the songs are also pretty good alot of them I knew beforehand as singles so it was n't a suprise for me , there is Jah Live On -LRB- on Love So Nice -RRB- a redone version of Jah Nuh Dead which is good , but not all that different from the first version . Also included are some trademark Junior Kelly heartbreak and lamenting songs -LRB- I feel de bredren believe me -RRB- . The only bad song here in my opinion is the Love So Nice remix , it is terrible ... I tried to like it , but I dunno why they massacred the song . So ... heres what I say , Junior Kelly is a great artist , and his albums are few and hard to come across ... this album is worth getting , it is still good but do n't expect the power of production that was on VP 's Love So Nice . Go ahead and enjoy and keep your eyes open for VP 's next release of Junior Kelly . JAH , Rastafari !
 -LRB- 4.5 stars -RRB- Conscious Voice is easily Junior Kelly 's best work since Juvenile and its dubbed out counterpart . Simply put , there are no bad tracks here and the underrated singjay rules it throughout the album . My simple critique of Junior Kelly has always been his lyrical content , he has -LRB- usually -RRB- a problem with consistency , meaning that you can clearly see that he has the ability to do much better than he does , but on Conscious Voice , he leaves very little room for improvement . My favorite track here is without a doubt the beautiful God Bless , which reminds me a little of Kalonji 's awesome `` The World '' from Bobo Ashanti . Speaking of Sizzla that is exactly the level that Junior Kelly attains with this one . Also check Push a Fire , Dem Shoulda Know , What a Worries and its remix , and Them and Those . Also interesting here is the hip-hop treatment given to Kelly 's biggest hit to date Love So Nice , I 'm not saying its great , but its very interesting to hear . And by the way feel Jah Live On and Come One Day , but as I 've said there are no weak songs here , just hits and Kelly runs it amazingly well .
 Naked Apes and Pond Life is the best Shriekback project since Oil and Gold and is far better crafted than Dancing Years or Sacred City . Though Barry Andrews and Martyn Barker are the only two original Shriekers here and Carl Marsh and Dave Andrews are very much missed since bowing out after Oil and Gold , this is an exciting , melodic , deeply textured and multirhythmic return to form , not to be missed by any ardent or casual Shriekback fan . Definitely worth splurging for the import , as it 's unlikely it will ever be domestic -LRB- and why has their all-time best , Jam Science , never been released on CD ? Hello ? Is anyone working on this ? -RRB- .
 Shriekback 's Barry Andrews is a genius of the highest order . This album has the band ditch all synthesizers -LRB- A bold move ! Electronics being heretofore their main life-blood . -RRB- Andrews ' garage sale of the sorts of machines worshiped by pale Englishmen with funny haircuts and their ilk frees him up to add yet another depth to the Shriekback sound . Attempts to express my enthusiasm for works of art like the contents on this CD are ineffable - at least on my part - but I do want to register my 5 stars , and hope that anybody who follows my other recommendations will try this great work of art as well . This is like eavesdropping on Shriekback in a world of no electricity . Thank God somebody was cranking a generator or some such device in order to record this work . AWESOME in the organic , original sense of the word . BUY ! BUY ! BUY !
 A largely acoustic offering from the Shrieks that really wins me over . It 's almost bluesy but still recognizably Shriekback ! I mean , just check out the titles ! Yet another facet of this band that has a consistent point of view but ever changing styles .
 To me music is part of my life , & to me what makes this cd is # 8 . It has a pulse to it that makes you want to dance . The first time I heard it I fell in love with it . .
 The mix is good , and I liked almost all the tracks , but there was just something misssing in the cd that only TGN2 had . There was more hard trance/goa in TGN2 , and TGN3 is more regular trance , which is still really good . My favorite track on this cd is `` Madagascar '' by Art of Trance , it just has an awesome background beat . I 'm a stern follower of the TGN series , and I think it 's one of the better trance mix series out there . TGN3 is a great cd , and I recommend it to anyone who is a trance lover , or has n't experienced trance yet . Better yet , get this and TGN2 , and you 'll really be trancin ' it up ! = -RRB-
 First
 I bought this last year with little knowledge of what Trance is . This CD blew my face away -LRB- or ears rather -RRB- . If I 'd pick a CD that open the trance scene to me it would be this . Out of 60 + trance albums this is one of my top 10 . This is one of those rare album that you 'll keep going back to . It 's full of so much pure energy its awesome especially right now with all these dark trance making into the scene . My favorite is the last track
 With this album , the TranceGlobalNation series enters the league of such heavy hitters as Global Underground . Jerry Bonham spins out a solid , energetic mix of highly danceable house -LRB- , Christian West , Left Hand -RRB- with true trance -LRB- Gypsy , Legend B , Octavia Project -RRB- , and you 'll be amazed how well these styles are weaved together on one album . Although the tracks may be found elsewhere , the compilation is certainly unmatched . Jerry makes a strong beginning with the elevating sound of `` Boiler '' , moves into the harder , bass-jamming `` Eterna '' , then flawlessly eases into `` I Trance You '' , lifts again with `` Madagascar '' and `` Those Drums '' , and then makes another perfect shift into the trance of `` Lost In Love '' and `` Katria '' . Unlike some compilations , which seem to be produced with an unknown intention in the DJ 's mind , this whole album does n't let you down and is a pleasure to listen in it 's entirety .
 This cd was at one point one of my most over played . I have moved on to brighter prospects . The cd has many slow moments of relentless repetative sounds that blend together so effortlessly due to their lack of individualism . However the last track Katria is a wonderous magical piece that creates an awesome world in my mind . The beats are very basic and driving , but still get the job done . I feel as far as compilation discs go , it is above average .
 Personally , this is my favorite trance comp just slighly beating out sasha 's sanfrancisco GU . The mix is fantastic , from the harmonic mixing between Boiler and Perish to the absoluteley bangin Eterna , to the smooth fade into breaks . Jerry Bonham is one of my altime favorite DJs , I am lucky , as i get to see him almost every week at Spundae or Nikita . He is always totally amazing , either when he is warming up some touring DJ or the headliner in his own right . Many times the highlight of the night is his set even when he comes on from 10-12 ! Anyway buy this comp as it is better than many of the imports and is cheapo !
 This is one of the first trance CDs I purchased , and now ~ 30 trance CDs later , this will always remain in the Top 5 of my collection . Not only are the first three tracks probably the best transitions ever , but the first track practically illicits a psychosomatic response from me -LRB- first time I heard it was New Years Eve in Vegas @ Club Utopia -RRB- . This is an excellent showcase for JB 's phenomenally smooth , catchy style and I ca n't wait until he comes out with another CD .
 My original CD went missing a few years back so I was stoked when I received a new Cd again . The energy from this compilation CD is amazing , taking me back when E-music and Spundae was pumping the San Francisco scene .
 sweet album i wish they still made trance like this . trance is dead now they have changed the style so much that is all waterdown and fluffy now and slow . it sucks
 When I first heard this CD , I loved it from the get go . The music is very hypnotic , while at the same time it infuses you with a lightening bolt of high powered trance trip ` n . This makes an excellent medium for visualization -LRB- the internal kind , not the video kind -RRB- , meditation , and just trancing out . Oh yeah , and dance . Dance , dance , and dance to this badboy . Even at 56 years old , I can feel the electric current going through me like I was made of copper . Did I mention it 's downright sensuous too ... oooeee baby , it sure ` nuff is .
 This cd ranks about 1,000 stars . Yep , put this in your car stero and soon you will be taking immposible super long jumps in slo motion and leaving your enemies in the dust just like Mr. T. and the rest of the A-Team . With the reruns on every day and this CD we just need Regan back in the White House and all would be right with America again . The first track is the best as it is a long version of the opening theme and in every episode the bad quys lock up the team in a home depot and after they bulid a log throwing , machine gun toting , smoke spieling , monster vechicle the easy sounds of track 2 come through as the team bulids thier latest mechincal monster , great tune for oil change time !
 I received this CD as a -LRB- very -RRB- late birthday gift a week ago , and since then it 's been playing nonstop in my car . Somehow , a traffic jam seems much more bearable when `` BA 's Ride '' is playing in the background.This CD is a compilation of much of the background music that plays during `` A-Team '' episodes . Family members have complained that some of it sounds the same ; however , it is important to note that this is a television score , and that repeated themes are common -LRB- and important -RRB- in TV music . I enjoyed hearing the songs and recognizing some of the melodies that had been stuck in my head for days at a time . The music is very catchy , particularly `` Young Hannibal , '' `` Bandits ! , '' and -LRB- of course -RRB- the theme.Granted , fans of the show -LRB- like myself -RRB- are more likely to buy the CD than those who have never seen it . However , that does not mean that you have to belong to the A-Team fan club to enjoy the music . My friends , who have never watched a single episode , love this album , and while understanding the events that the music accompanies may give you a different perspective on the CD , the music will bring scenes to your mind that will be just as interesting . I highly recommend this CD to any TV/movie or 80s music fan , and to anyone looking for something fun and a little different .
 Ahh yeah . This is a pure classic . The A-Team Theme has to be the greatest television theme song of all time . Having The A-Team Theme on CD is well worth the -LRB- money -RRB- this CD costs . But wait there 's much more here . All the tracks on here are teriffic . The A-Team Prepare For War , and The A-Team Escape are superb . This is simply great music 1984 or 2000 the music stands on its ' own , and you also get such a feeling of nostalgia that you will feel as if your riding in the A-Team van as you listen to this in your car . If you love the A-Team , classic televion or great music then this CD is for you .
 The A-Team are back in this terrific assemblance of music from the TV score . From the opening theme , to the A-Team in New York City , and right through the closing theme you can not help but visualize Hannibal , Face Man , B.A. & Howling Mad Murdock either eluding , chasing , fighting or rescuing someone . If you appreciated the shows music back in the 80 's - `` you ai n't heard nothing yet ! '' until you 've heard it on digital disc . An absolute must for all true fans of the A-Team
 This is an absolutely amazing CD . When I first heard the single `` More bandits '' I was blown away by it 's beauty . It is mystical . I play this CD while I am reading , quilting , writing , anything that I want to relax doing . This was one of the CDs we played during child birth ... I wanted it to be a part of the experience , absolutely amazing .
 if you loved the A-Team , You must have this album . great music , you really can picture the team building amoured tanks in a garage , listening to this . BA and hanibal kickin ass . Face getting all the ladies , and Howlin Mad murdock . I ai n't goin on no Plane .
 i just picked up `` The A-Team - music from the original television score '' -LRB- amazon.com -RRB- what a masterpiece ! sometimes disco sometimes touching -LRB- song
 Awesome CD dudes ! I listened to some of the samples and it ROCKS ! I agree with like all the other comments . You know , I almost forgot about this show and I ca n't believe I did , because cranking it up to eleven on `` The A-Team Theme '' really brings back those heady , heady glory days back in ' 82 - '84 -- can you believe it only ran those three years , considering the impact it had on American -- if not world culture ?! The ripples of this show still reverberate outwards into all our lives -LRB- who knows how far outward -- there may well be some alien fans of Mr T out there -- way out there ! oh yeah !! -RRB- . Sure I chuckled at first , thinking , oh come on , how can you separate the music from the groundbreaking show itself -- and why would you want to ? But the truth is , of course , that there are times when you ca n't watch it on TV , like when you 're driving and stuff -LRB- I unlike some of you can not afford that mini-van with the built in home entertainment system ; yes , you detect envy , guilty as charged -RRB- , but when you might want to still have some of the flavor of the show in your life , and so what these CDs -LRB- woops -- it 's only ONE cd -- wishful thinking I guess -RRB- do is to do just that . For driving probably `` Taxi Chase '' would be good . Or when you 're working around the house with power tools , etc. -- now you can drill and saw and snake your toilet line all to the accompaniment of these turbo-charged numbers , such as `` The A-Team Prepare for War '' , or maybe `` Move , Sucker '' -LRB- as in , whatever 's clogging your toilet better friggin get outta the way pronto ! -RRB- . Just depends on your mood I guess . Indeed , I was intrigued by the poignancy of the track 2 title
 The best part about the A-Team -LRB- besides no one getting hurt , the homemade weapons , the Team member 's personalities , and the bad badguys -RRB- was the music . From the intro , to Face srenading his girl-du-jour , or Murdock talking to his invisible dog , to B.A. helping out at the Youth Center , to the raging firefights and homemade weapons , to the end credits , the music in A-Team was always appropriate for the setting , and always good . I love it when a soundtrack comes together !
 The A-Team is a `` Magnificient Seven '' type series set in the `` present day '' , with tons of action , yet the action would n't have had its punch if it were n't for the music to go along with it , and this soundtrack takes the best of this music and puts it on an album all its own , great stuff .
 Ah , this music brings back the memories ! My only gripe is the theme song is subtlety different than the original ... just enough to bug me . Though it is as close as anybody has made to the original , and I 've listened to them all . The other songs are great classic songs from episodes , and as far as I remember , dead ringers for the original songs .
 This soundtrack is one of the best classic television scores I have heard . It contains such classic tracks heard on the A Team as `` move sucka '' and `` taxi chase '' . This is just great music and brings back memories of Mr. T , Hanibal and the A Team . It makes me want to get out in my 1982 Custom GMC Black Van , drink Milk , go to the youth center to hang out with the kids , or throw people . So quit yo jibba jabba and buy this sountrack foo '
 The A-Team was n't only the greatest action show of all time , but it also had the best original instrumental music of any television show to ever exist ! Every song played in the background of a scene fit that scene perfectly . The action has yet to be equaled -LRB- even in today 's world of special effects -RRB- and the music would make anyone who hears it feel energized to kick some bandit butt !
 The caracthers , who played Face , Murdock , B.A , and Hannibal Smith , is genius . This old serie from 1982-1984 , is one of the very best i have ever seen . It has all , Comedy , action , a little bit of drama , the series is very creative , and funny . many good ideas in the manuscipt . The characters is very , smart , funny , creative , and in a class of their own . The music to A-team is very good , it fits very well to everything in a-team . Good sound , and a little funny sound . A Good idea to have many more songs to , and then of cause the Theme of A-team . Well i 'm always watching this , at 02.00 at the night.It dose n't matter what time it goes , i 'm whaching it anyway . No crazy bloodkillers in a-team . That 's very good to . Terrific music , thats for sure.I want to thanks everybody in a-team , for everything.goodbye . / J. it fits
 If you liked the show you will love the music for an 80 's show the soundtrack is recorded in an excellent quality there are the theme song and all of the other songs are excellent . even if you did not watch/know or liked the show this cd is a must buy for all of you that like good rithmic music these songs will never past away from this world buy buy buy !!!!
 I would recommend anyone with even a passing interest in 20th century music to investigate Hermann Koppel 's symphonies - in particular nos. 3 , 4 and 5 . The oratorio Moses is a substantial , dramatic and rewarding work , but does not exhibit the playfulness and exhilarating vigor of some of his symphonies -LRB- or concertos , for that matter -RRB- - it might , in the end , not be inferior to the symphonies in any way , but it is a little more challenging . Moses was composed in 1965 , and employs modern -LRB- but not avant-garde -RRB- techniques - bitonality is used to marvelous effect , for instance - in a distinctive but very much approachable manner . It is powerful , but variegated and superbly scored works , with many stirring movements and a strong overall impact.The vocal soloists are impressive . Per Hyer 's baritone is rich and noble , and he is able to stir up some real urgency and power . Meyer-Topse may be the most familiar name here , and her soprano arias are often deeply moving ; passionate , meditative but often appropriately angstful . Kristensen and Dolberg are also far more than satisfactory . The Danish National Radio Choir is good as well but better at drama , perhaps , than clarity and articulation , and some of the textures are a little dense . The RSO under Owain Arwel Hughes is similarly impressive , but again stronger at harsh drama than reflective details . Still , this is a very recommendable release of a fascinating work . Start with the symphonies , but I urge anyone who likes them to give this recording of Moses serious consideration .
 This albumn is one of the best compilations of Delta/Traditional/Country Blues I 've ever listened to . It 's easy to listen to from beginning to end . The albumn flows well , reaching back into the `` old-timey '' Blues with musicians like Charley Patton , Geechie Wiley & Elvie Thomas , Blind Joe Williams and others . From Mississippi John Hurt 's soft playing and soothing singing to Robert Belfour 's painful moans and rythmic plucking , this albumn is a trip back to jook joints , front porches , and planting fields . Definitely worth looking into for the buff and the beginner , alike .
 Perfect compilation for anyone interested in 20s-30s rural blues . Every song is perfect .
 A fantastic compilation that really does span the length of Mississippi Delta blues , from the early days of the Mississippi Sheiks and Charley Patton -LRB- with the classic `` High Water Everywhere Part One '' -RRB- through to the modern but equally rooted sounds of Asie Payton , R.L. Burnside , and the late Junior Kimbrough . And it 's every bit as thorough in between , with all the big names -LRB- Robert Johnson -LSB- of course -RSB- , Skip James , Son House , Muddy Waters , and many more -RRB- and some who are not so widely known , like Louise Johnson and Bo Carter . And it 's not just the selection of artists that 's astonishingly good and complete , but also the tracks picked , which have plenty of classics , as well as a real range of experience of the Delta blues . More than any other record that 's attempted to convey the depth and breadth of the style , this succeeds in stunning fashion . It 's the perfect primer to the roots of the blues as they stand , and while the tracks are n't arranged in any kind of chronological order , the feel that crosses time is consistent . This is absolute magic . ~ Chris Nickson
 I have a large collection of Blues CDs . There were several songs on this CD that I did n't have . One song that is a standout is `` Meet Me in the City '' by Junior Kimbrough . While lesser known artists contribute to this collection , there are familiar artists included , such as Bukka White , Robert Johnson and Muddy Waters . This CD will make a fine addition to any Blues collection .
 Okay so the blues have got your attention . Maybe you heard it as background music while traveling and ca n't get that sound out of your head , or heard someone strumming in some urban square trying to scratch a few pennies out of those little chords on a guitar . Whatever . You are hooked , or at least intrigued . So you need a little primer of the guys -LRB- mainly , guys , but not exclusively so -RRB- who taught the guys who taught the guys who you heard on that street corner or in some current concert hall . That is where this nice little CD comes in . In one place and at one sitting you will most of the key guitarists who created the beat and the singers who put words to the mournful sounds about hard women , hard work , hard living and hard liquor . Names like Tommy Johnson , Skip James , Son House , of course , Muddy Waters , Charley Patton and so on.But wait a minute this is only the beginning of the journey . From there you will need , desperately need , to hear the material John and Alan Lomax recorded back in the days down in the South when these guys were still alive . And , of course , check out Harry Smith 's Anthology of American Folk Music . Oh , ya , do n't forget the women blues singers who got more renown when they were alive and filling the gin mils and concert halls . And the blues as it moved north to places like Chicago and Detroit . And then people like the Stones , Rory Block , and others who cover the old classics . And do n't forget the Cajun influences , And Tex-Mex , and ... . Hell by the time you get done you will be an old codger or codgerette . But here is where you start.I would direct your attention to several outstanding efforts here , first and foremost a great version of Sitting On Top Of The World by the under-appreciated Mississippi Sheiks ; Tommy Johnson on Cool Drink of Water Blues ; the incredible Bukka White and his flailing National Steel guitar on Aberdeen Mississippi Blues ; , and , Louise Johnson 's On The Wall .
 The CD is great played great even though it was used . CD was delvered in timely manor actually quicker than promised . I will definitly come back again for hard to get Cristian CD 's . P.S.CD out of print couldnt get it any where elseVinny
 The classics come alive inthis beautiful recording byJose Carreras . From thepowerful rendition of Wagners `` Tannhauser '' Overture to the lovely `` Lenote de Chopin '' and PaulMcCartneys `` Celebration '' , it 's a pleasure to listentoo . Jose sings absolutelybeautiful , with lots ofpassion . He sings a wonderful tango `` El eco detu voz '' and that hauntingmelody of `` Starry Night '' .
 For me so many favourites and sung so beautifully by Jose Carreras . He really does sing with pure passion . I started to cry when I heard `` Quando '' -LRB- When -RRB- by Elgar . I had n't heard this song for many years and had forgotten about it although I love Elgar so I found Jose Carreras ' rendition melting my cold heart . This is sung in Italian and so is Schubert 's `` Serenade '' , absolutely beautiful . Six other songs are in Italian . Two songs are in English one being Paul McCartney 's `` Celebration '' which was a surprise to me as I never thought of him writing classical music . Of course , perhaps Jose Carreras makes it sound more classical . Some of the lyrics to this are not the best for example `` because it is '' , and `` because they do '' , sound like what you write when you ca n't think of anything as profound as the rest of the song.In Spanish he sings Albenez `` El Eco De To Voz '' adpted from Tango . What 's another word for beautiful?Rachmaninoff gets two outings and Wagner gets a look in with `` Europa '' adapted from the overture to Tannhauser . Marvellous , big orchestra and choir backing him.All round this is a delightful CD , a must have for all who are enthralled by the magnificent voice of Jose Carreras . Highly Recommended . I also highly recommend the CD and DVD with links below.Jose Carreras
 The screaming trumpet and gravelly voice of this Grammy-Award winning musician is guaranteed to put a swing in your holiday season . This collection reprises Phil Driscoll 's 1993 rambunctious `` Heaven & Nature Swing '' , and adds two more albums of Christmas cheer . For fans of Glen Miller , Duke Ellington , and the swing revival of the late '90s , Driscoll 's brassy display is a welcome addition . You 'll hear echoes of Harry James and Bunny Berigan , but in HD digital quality . Driscoll 's vocals are a warmer and more refined version of the style Joe Cocker and Michael Bolton made popular.Admittedly , Volumes II & III add nothing of great import to the original 10 tracks . And `` O Holy Night '' does no justice to a perennial favorite . Where `` Heaven and Nature Swing '' was pretty timeless , the supplementary volumes -LRB- II & III -RRB- are a bit dated in their arrangement . They also repeat some tracks from Volume I adding to the disappointment . Bottom line , skip Volumes II & III . The 1993 version is technically no longer available , but for $ 0.99 / track , buying the first volume alone is your best bet as it IS `` Heaven and Nature Swing '' . Volume I is an indispensable holiday classic for trimming the tree and lighting a fire under your Christmas party guests !
 Released in September this year , this is the most recent Michael Ball solo album . Maybe it is the strong connection between musicals and Michael Ball himself , for another time , Michael chose the songs from musicals . But it sounds a little different this time . It is so beautiful , and yet , with a trace of melancholy through out the album . Michael is on top of his shape , his voice and skill keep getting better and better . Besides these , there are something new and something more.You can feel the strong emotions of struggle in `` The Boy From Nowhere '' , a great song from a not-so-great musical `` Matador '' , a song that fully shows Michael 's powerful voice . It is simply amazing to hear him crying out `` Another dawn , another born , a boy from no where ... '' , bringing the song to climax . This time Michael is not in the role of Marius , which he perfectly defined in `` Les Miserables '' , instead , he portrays Jean Valjean , who had been through the vicissitudes of life , singing the song `` Bring Him Home '' . Although Michael 's voice sounds a little too young for this song , he certainly brings out new feelings . Unlike Colm Wilkinson , Michael sings the song more peacefully and mellowly . Lingered in the air , in a beautiful , beautiful voice , is the most touching prayer for God . There is not the charming love-struck boy , but the mysterious phantom . What a voice singing the phantom in the duet of `` The Phantom Of The Opera '' with Lesley Garrett ! With this voice , Michael gives us a controlling and cruel , and yet , sexy and irresistible phantom . There are , of course , love songs in the album . But instead of expressing the passion and power of love , Michael reveals the feeling of pain and pathos in `` The Winner Takes It All '' , a song from ABBA 's `` Mamma Mia '' . It is simply magic the way Michael expresses the helplessness of giving-up and the heartlessness of losing love . Talking about the sentiment in Michael 's singing , there is the song , `` Music Of The Night '' , which was written brilliantly , showing the richness in Michael 's voice and the fineness in his song-interpretation . Never has this song been sung so wonderfully ! It is a song made for Michael 's voice . His incredible vocal range is more than equal to task the undulate music melody ; his subtlety is more than enough to express the quintessence of the lyric ; and his passion is the best to deliver the musicality of the song . Just like that time can enrich one 's experience of life , certain emotions can only be sensed at certain age . Michael thrills us with his excellent rendition of Stephen Sondheim 's beautiful song `` Send In The Clowns '' , through which he conveys the complicated emotions vividly . The artistic appealing in his pure and smooth voice is so strong as he leads us through the emotions of regret , sad and a little sarcasm.This is another great work of Michael Ball . To some extent , it shows another level of his singing . If you like Michael 's voice ; if you like Michael 's singing , you do n't want to miss this album .
 Michael Ball created the role of Alex Dillingham in Andrew Lloyd Webber 's `` Aspects of Love , '' which meant he was the first to record `` Love Changes Everything . '' As a singer-actor Ball appeared in West End productions of `` Les Miserables '' and `` Phantom of the Opera , '' but has predominantly become a recording artist and concert performing . After his 1998 album `` Musicals '' and came out with `` Centre Stage '' in 2001 , which offers another exploration of the songs of Broadway . This album is the better of the two and that might owe as much to the song selection as it does to the additional three years of experience singing such songs.There is a trio of Lloyd Webber songs , with a duet of `` Phantom of the Opera '' with Lesley Garrett setting up `` The Music of the Night , '' just as it does in the show , and a surprisingly sedate version of `` Tell Me on a Sunday . '' Stephen Sondheim pops up twice with `` Not While I 'm Around '' and `` Send in the Clowns . '' Actually there is quite a bit of pop on the album which opens with a pair of tracks from Elton John-Tim Rice shows and has songs by ABBA and the Bee Gees that made it to Broadway efforts based on their work . But the songs that really stand out on this album tend to be from the next generation of Broadway song writers , `` The Boy From Nowhere '' from `` Matador , '' `` Seasons of Love '' from `` Rent , '' and `` Tell Me It 's Not True '' from `` Blood Brothers . '' If you get the feeling that Ball sings more as himself and not as the characters and that his singing reflects a more British sensibility than you are accustomed to hearing in American musical theater , I would not disagree . But taken on those terms this is a solid collection of show tunes .
 Micheal Ball has had about 8 solo albums , and this one by far is his best . A wonderful album filled with some of Broadways most loved songs . Once again the focus is Michaels incredible voice . In my opinion there is no better tenor and no one can hit high notes with such power as he does . Beautiful versions of Every Story -LRB- AIDA -RRB- , Immortality -LRB- Saturday Night Fever -RRB- , Not While I 'm Around -LRB- Sweeney Todd -RRB- , and The Winner Takes it All -LRB- Mamma Mia -RRB- are the highlights in a near perfect album . A must for all musical theater lovers .
 Michael Ball has come out with another superb album of songs from the musical theater . The choice of songs is eclectic , from the signature songs of the mega-musicals -LRB- Les Miserables , Phantom of the Opera and Sondheim classics -RRB- as well as newer songs from more contemporary musicals . The difference between this album and his first musicals album seems to be in the story-like approach to the sequence of songs he sings here . Somehow it is reminiscent of the songs which best illustrate the life of a stage performer . This partly explains the beautiful and poignant air of melancholy that pervades the album . Michael has lifted his performance level yet even another notch -- the interpretation of the various songs gives us the depth and breadth of Mr. Ball 's extrordinary musical gift . We are treated not only to his glorious voice but to his ability to deliver a performance rich with the nuances of life 's many emotions . Do n't miss out on this album , which should really be released in the USA . His version of Send in the Clowns and A Boy from Nowhere alone are worth the cost of this import album .
 Michael Ball has chosen a interesting variety of songs from musicals . He seems to make each song his own as he adds a deep emotional interpretation that seems to come straight from his heart . My favorites keep changing every time I listen . Right now Boy From Nowhere , Lift The Wings , and Winner Takes It All are at the top of my list , but all are amazingly beautiful . This man 's voice is what singing is all about .
 Could we please skip the `` vibrato '' chatter and get to the man and his music ? This is a person with such a versatile voice . We find him on the musical stage in his `` Broadway '' voice , then we find him singing pop selections with a strong resemblance to Tom Jones ! Then he surprises us with beautiful ballads . His rendition of `` Bring Him Home '' and `` Send in the Clowns '' show great mastery . Not many can sing `` Bring Him Home '' and really do it justice . Any legit singer will admit that anyone can belt out a song , but a quality singer can sing softly with a controlled , beautiful , and rich tone . Michael accomplishes this -- it 's just gorgeous . The album has something for everyone and showcases Michael 's range and skill . You feel mellow one moment and then he makes you want to jump and shout !! Really enchanting -- run to get your copy . Hats off to you , Michael !
 Hit after Hit . A must for all Michael Ball fans . Each new album outdoes his last , yet each are great . The selection of songs is outstanding and each features the true prue voice of Michael in all ranges . Michael again proves he could star in any musical of his choice . His choice of `` Immortality '' and `` Can You Feel the Love '' will totally capitivate you !
 On a trip to London , I attended the live stage version of the musical Chitty Chitty Bang Bang . I went there to see how a childhood favorite translated to the stage . I left feeling as though I had discovered something wonderful in the voice of the man playing the role of Caractacus Potts . He was Michael Ball , one of the U.K. 's most popular musical stars , someone completely unknown to me until that night.I bought this CD to get a better idea of what Michael sounded like , and was delighted with what I heard . It 's a mixture of moods , with practically every song telling a different story . In each song , Michael projects the emotions of the song 's subject . Examples
 This album is absolutely sensational . Each one ofMichael Ball 's albums get better and better . Thisis an easy listening , mellow album that can helpyou relax and just listen . People in the U.S. needto get to know this singer as his voice is absolutelysensational and watching his videos you can see a `` wicked '' sense of humor and a wonderful stagepresence . Buy all of his , it will make a greatcollection
 Yet again Michael has exceeded all expectations . His liquid voice takes you through these songs with a depth of feeling and emotion that I have not found in any other artist.Renditions of ` Can you feel the love tonight ' and ` tell me its not true ' show the versatility of his voice and the emotion in ` send in the clowns ' brings you close to tears . Once again Michael has recorded with the fabulous Lesley Garrett for ` The phantom of the Opera ' . I look forward to watching the live recording of Michael Ball at the Donmar -LRB- just released -RRB- . Michael sang Padam Padam from this show at the BIC concert 8/12/01 his voice brought the song to life ! For all you Michael Ball fans out there this is one to listen out for .
 After listening to Michael Ball on the Complete Symphonic Recording of Les Miserables and seeing him again on the Miz DVD , I must say I was very impressed by this CD . He has a very sultry voice that is one that both soothes and gets the blood pumping . I love `` Boy From Nowhere '' , `` Winner Takes It All '' and of course the two Phantom of the Opera selections . His vocals are really something else and for a starter Michael Ball CD , this would be the one to buy .
 Michael Ball is one of the most phenominal singers of all time . This album is a great tribute to Musical Theatre with some of the most famous tunes mixed in with some songs that Americans have never heard before . His rendition of `` Tell Me It 's Not True '' from `` Blood Brothers '' had me weeping . He is truely , an incredible artist .
 This is a wonderful , quiet and relaxing CD that I find Iput on quite often . MB has a wonderful voice that canjust about sing anything . If you want good music try thisCD and then look up and find the rest of his music . Hewas n't awarded England 's top male singer in the past 25 yearsfor nothing . He certainly is my favorite singer and I willcontinue to purchase every album and every video he puts out .
 I very highly recommend this album . It 's one of Michael Ball 's best . He has such a beautiful voice . His rendition of `` Not While I 'm Around , '' is so beautiful . All the other songs he sings are great as well . He also does some songs from , `` Phantom , '' . If you listen to it I believe most people would love it and enjoy his voice .
 Michael Ball is an excellent singer . He is rich in tone , has passion that in unprescedented , and is a great actor . However , he consistently copies the styles of SPECIFIC songs from Anthony Warlow and Barbra Streisand . Immulating the best in fine at times , but taking the same intro , endings , and style of music ? All in all , it 's worth getting . ... just keep an avid ear .
 He 's one of the greatest singers ever.Not all of his songs are good choices for him .
 THIS IS MICHAEL BALL 'S BEST WORK , YOU WILL FALL IN LOVE WITH HIM ALL OVER AGAIN.THIS CD TOOK MY BREATH AWAY.THE SONG 'S A BOY FROM NO WHERE AND THE WINNER TAKES IT ALL ARE MY ALL TIME FAVORITE 'S . I HAVE EVERY CD HE HAS MADE , HE GETS 100 STARS FOR THIS ONE .
 Michael Ball proffers a collection of some terrific contemporary theater music with his `` Centre Stage '' . Pair these songs with a voice like Ball 's and the result is a tour-de-force of an album , which is precisely what `` Centre Stage '' is . The arrangements are lush , Ball is in top form , and the song selections could n't be more fitting for this performer 's style . `` Tell Me It 's Not True '' will have listeners wishing the lead role of `` Blood Brothers '' was written for a man just so Ball could perform it on stage . `` The Winner Takes It All '' from `` Mamma Mia '' is perhaps the finest offering , and just may bring tears to the eyes of more emotional music fans . It must be awfully frustrating for other male theater singers to hear Ball 's recordings ; surely they realize they can not compare .
 Michael puts so much passion and feeling into everything he sings.This CD really high lights his great talent and range . He cansing a song that you 've heard others sing but when he sings it heputs so much power and feeling into it that it sounds like a brand newsong . I listen to this CD everyday because it is so relaxing & I love all the songs on it . One of my favorites is BRING HIM HOME . I have just about all of his CD 's but I think this is my favorite . I think he is probably one of if not the best singertoday . He can sing any kind of music & make it sound wonderful .
 It seems to me that MB 's albums just get better and betterl I can not wait until the next one , but this year he spent doing the play . This album has a bit of all types of music and I think that he does them all `` top form '' . No wonder he is one of the best singers in England . Lots of us in the USA are starting to realize how good he is also . This album in well worth the purchase price .
 Look out folks , when Ball is on ... he 's untouchable . One of those rare artists who gives it all he 's got , and then some . Michaelstarted his career in Musical Theatre , his love of performing is completely honest ... and it shows.Choosing stand outs , much less highlights is tough , but here goes ~ `` SEASON 'S OF LOVE '' ... `` THE WINNER TAKES IT ALL '' ... `` CAN YOU FEEL THE LOVE TONIGHT '' ... `` LIFT THE WINGS '' , the lyrics give Michael the power that creeps deep within your reasoning for `` pure enjoyment '' ... Ball shows his versatility with light tones and tender feelings that make each song his own , got ta love it.Following this entertainer is exciting , just the way he handles himself is magic ... his performance is top notch ... not many singers today can belt out a tune and keep you spellbound ... thank you Hip-O , for giving us a front row seat and CENTRE STAGE!Total Time
 WONDERFUL!WONDERFUL!WONDERFUL ! Once again Michael has out done himself . I did n't think anything could supercede `` The Collection '' , boy was I wrong !
 This is definitely one of my favorite Michael Ball collections . One of the best aspects of this CD is that it contains songs from musicals that are n't very well know , but stunning beautiful , especially when sung by Michael Ball . I never get tired of hearing it .
 Always a pleasure to listen to Michael Ball perform . Great selection of songs from the stage and performed wonderfully .
 A wonderful melange of all that is best about musical theatre , delivered by a wonderful personality that shines through his voice .
 These are the best-known `` hits '' from the best-loved shows -- the songs you go home humming -- and Michael 's gorgeous and evocative voice really delivers the goods . Love this tour of great moments on stage .
 I was lucky enough to be given the Centre Stage CD as a gift . Thank you to Scott for as wonderful and thoughtful gift . Michael is just fabulous and I particularily love his redition of Bring Him Home ... one of my favourites . Michael does belong Centre Stage .
 Tracks : * Father We Come * Praise To Our God * We Lift Our Voice * Psalm 141 * To The Faithful * You Are My Righteousness * Let All Your Saints * I Lift Up Your Name * How Lovely , Oh Lord * As An Offering
 I 'm 60 years old , and this has been my favorite musical work for about 45 years . It 's a tone-poem history of drums . I heard it one Sunday afternoon -LRB- Bell Telephone Hour , I think -RRB- and never forgot it . It was one of my first selections in the old Columbia Record Club -LRB- it 's CL 951 , by the way -RRB- , and I still listen to it . -LRB- Copies of the LP are fairly scarce . -RRB- I 've seen no other CD or cassette version of this work , which I 'm buying `` hearing unheard '' -- something I rarely do . I 've looked in vain for a transcription of the original album , but if the Real Audio selections are an indication , I 'll like it ; you will , too .
 This is one of the finest CD 's in my collection . Chilled , but with enough `` jump-up '' to get you moving if needs be . Most CD 's in the breaks genre sound like Darth Vader choking on fish scales with nasty hard beats in the background -LRB- I know theres a time and a place , I just dont often go there -RRB- . This , on the contrary , is sublime .
 great to hear this again after all these years . Quick delivery , good condition
 Wonderful collection ! In the main very well played indeed by the various pianists . The tracks on origional Pleyel pianos are very interesting and informative.I have a couple of slight issues with technical matters on just a few tracks . -LRB- regarding the newer instruments -RRB- Mics too close and piano voicing problems for example , but these are very minor as I tend to be quite critical on such things.I am a chopin buff myself and am delighted with this product !
 This is chock-filled with goodies , contents are :6 mixes of Free1 mix of Feel Love1 mix of Time of Our Lives1 mix of Brass in Pocket1 LIVE Version of It 's Over NowSome fab color shots of Ultra , liner notes , etc.For a maxi-single , this is MAXED out ! ` Free ' is Ultra 's biggest hit ever and it got a re-release this year . The packaging itself is definitely impressive , very professional coming from an independent dance label.First things first , the LIVE version of It 's Over Now is WORTH the purchase if nothing else . This is a live performance from 2001 at Shine in NYC , alongside Ultra is a human beatbox named Kenny Muhammed . While Kenny is creating bass beats with his vocals , Ultra is crooing away and moving the crowd ! It 's an awesome set , very improvisational ... this will give you a taste of what seeing Ultra live is like -LRB- I have n't yet so for me it 's a real treat . -RRB- Moving on - you could pretty much pick any of the Free mixes as being excellent quality-wise and each has its own uniqueness . My personal favorites are the Oscar G Afterhours Space Mix -LRB- a high energy dancefloor crammer ready to make you move -RRB- and the Craig C Bedfellows Mix -LRB- a somewhat more loungy mix , more chill with elements of piano and drums . -RRB- What I find though , these mixes are difficult to enjoy in the car or just sitting at home . They seem better suited for the clubs or for the gym , because they should act as a stimuli to make you move or do something . The Time of Our Lives and Feel Love mixes are great too . My only complaint is the Brass In Pocket mix they chose - the Karizma mix -LRB- more of a dub than a vocals mix -RRB- gets rather annoying and tiresome after a minute or so . Instead , the QK Session Tribalpella Mix should have been included - this is a hot tribal , drums mix -LRB- available for purchase on Ultranate.com . -RRB- More releases from Ultra post-Stranger Than Fiction : - Brass In Pocket -LRB- available on vinyl and mp3 only -RRB- - 13 remixes of this single available on UltraNate.com for $ 1.25 each-Feel Love -LRB- available on vinyl and mp3 only -RRB- - mixes available through iTunes $ 0.99 each-Time of Our Lives - under the name ULTRA DEVOTED -LRB- available on import CD only -RRB- - prices vary , check eBay , may take three weeks to get from Australia to the US , but well worth it
 Every mix unique , so I do not have a favorite , UN has always been a favorite of mine and now `` Free 2005 '' released is not only great but dance floor friendly , there are disco-fied mixes as well as Diva Anthems . As well as some extra `` bonus '' track remixes . That are just superb , EXCEPT the `` Pretenders '' classic -LRB- Brass in Pocket -RRB- I am lucky I have the 12 '' with full vocals , and THEY are as diva as can be , but this BIPocket remix `` really '' should be labeled as a dub , since there are no real vocals , just clips , and in a club you really would not know this classic song at all . To bad the copy I have is no longer avialable , only released as a promo , it would have done great on the charts if released as a single possibly in the future ? but for now if you like the original `` free '' remixes , you will be blown away at these new 2005 mixes , and for the $ it is kinda like a mini EP , I 'd grab it before it 's to late ... U will love it Jason 33305@aol.com prof. DJ , Jason
 ok , i love the remix project . My favorite song is ` Brass in Pocket ' . she does a great job with this song . I recall the old rock version , and it was alright but she does her thing again . The mixers are on top of the game , and so is her voice ! I like all the mixes , they are fun and get you in the mood to go out dancing . !!!
 After hearing `` Free '' , Ultra Nate made me a fan of her music ! The cd has 6 different mixes from a wide range of dj 's . And nobody knows hot to mix a song better than them . Junior Sanchez will make you fan of his work for sure . The cd was also nicely completed with 4 other tracks that are n't `` free '' remixes . I highly recommend this cd to anyone who is an `` Ulta Nate '' fan .
 I have followed the YJ 's since their first album . I had never seen them live until just one month ago . After seeing them in an intimate small club atmosphere my intrest in the band was rekindled and the flame was intense . It needed to be to swallow the hefty price tag for Mint Jam . It was worth every bite . The recording quality is exceptional and the music is some of the best I have ever heard from this or any progressive jazz group . As a player and performer as well as owner of video and audio production facilities I can say this CD delivers at every point and on all the lines in-between . Buzz , Buzz !
 i 've known yellowjackets for more than 15 years , but this live version of their performance really makes me crazy about them ! This is definitely yellowjackets at their best . you 'll feel you 're with them in their superb jam session . russell ferrante 's playing is definitely breath taking . get one know and you 'll forget everything else .
 I 'm not sure how I have managed to miss this release . This is an outstanding live record . Everyone is really letting it happen and they deliver a fine performance . If you 're a Yellowjackets fan , you should already have this release , if you are new to modern jazz , this is a great place to start . These guys are at the very top of the modern jazz world and this record shows why . You get great jazz played on electric instruments with their own unique voice . This is not smooth jazz , this is real jazz and thank God for that . I know a lot of people that are hesitant to try anything modern for the fear that it 's really just Kenny G. in disguise . This is not the case with the Yellowjackets . There is a ton of great modern jazz out there that is real jazz and this is a great place to start . Highly recommended .
 This is excellent music . The Yellowjackets , after 30 years show that they are only getting better . I have never been disappointed by their efforts .
 I have heard many Yellow Jackets CDs and have seen them live . Thisalbum by far is the best yet . Do n't leave home without it !!
 I 'm not into contemporary jazz , but this one hooked me on the Yellowjackets . They played live at a local university , so I went , and they played `` Les is Mo '' and `` Motet '' . Absolutely hooked me ! Check it out.Like I said , I 'm much more into mainstream jazz , and I think of my hundreds of CDs , I only own a handful of contemporary . This ones for everyone though !! It 's SOOOO good !
 This album is very good one . I 'm lucky to have this in a right time . Cuz very dificult to find it here in my country . Usually in the store only 5 pieces of CDs . And if I 'm too late to get it , I must wait till the next 2 month.I know the Yellow Jackets since the first record . I like all the recording . So better you have one cuz this one is the best one !
 Easily one of their best . Playing together they create an amazing synergy , do n't miss this album !
 Margo Guryan fans , take note
 I really know hardly anything about Argentinan music or Kremer , but I bought this album after I became enraptured with the spring and summer suites at a ballet . My local company created a piece inspired by the works of expatriate artist Amaranth Ehrenhalt and set to alternating Vivaldi and Piazzola selections . I was amazed by how Vivaldi 's Seasons took on new life . Everything was vivid and fluid and meshed perfectly with the dance . I recommend this -- you can truely feel the seasons alive in all of their glory.BTW
 In his recordings , Latvian born violinist Gidon Kremer has long been known for his adventurous and eclectic musical repertoire . The first album of his I bought had him soloing on Philip Glass 's first violin concerto and a concerto grosso by Schnittke . -LRB- I have other albums of Schnittke 's music which I like but I 've never warmed up to this piece . The fault is mine . I 've not given it time . I 'm always listening to the Glass concerto . -RRB- a piece I have n't habituated to -RRB- . Since then , I 've acquired a double album of Kremer and the exceptional pianist Martha Argerich playing Bartok , Kreisler and Schumann , an album by Kremer playing the unusual pairing of modernist Kissine and the lyrical Romanticist Tchaikovsky , an album of tangos entitled `` Homage a Piazzolla '' -LRB- my friend Larry gave me this one -RRB- and a lovely album of lyrical and passionate songs by the Georgian composer Giya Kancheli.In 1997 , Kremer founded Kremerata Baltica , a chamber orchestra featuring young musicians from Latvia , Estonia , and Lithuania . They are featured on this album , which pairs Vivaldi 's `` The Four Seasons '' with four pieces , one per season , by bandoneonist-composer Astor Piazzolla . Starting with `` Spring , '' the ensemble plays one Vivaldi suite , with Kremer as soloist , then a piece by Piazzolla , then another suite by Vivaldi , etc. , etc. . The juxtaposition of Vivaldi and Piazzolla does n't seem to have any justification other than that both wrote pieces about the seasons , but so what , it 's all good music , and it 's enjoyable hearing them performed together.I have some reservations about Kremer 's playing - not about his dexterity and technical ability to play these pieces , but about the tone of his instrument . I had the same reservation about his playing on the Argerich-Kremer Berlin recital album . It 's probably just personal preference , but I went to listening to this album right after hearing two discs of Hilary Hahn , and Kremer 's playing sounds thin after hearing hers . The Vivaldi suites are played at a somewhat idiosyncratic tempo - I do n't dislike it , it 's just not what I expected , but actually , on the `` Spring '' suite , the change in pace plays up the birdlike imitations that grace the piece . As to the four compositions by Piazzolla , they are played with strength and dash . It 's interesting to hear how they have been adapted from Piazzolla 's quintet -LRB- bandoneon , violin , guitar , bass , piano -RRB- to be played by a chamber group that is strings only . It works . It 's another proof that Piazzolla was a composer of note .
 I play it every morning a great blend . A tango to start my day . I am already a big Piazzolla fan . And I love BA so I alway remember my NY winter is tango weather there .
 Divine combination , potent and full of character.Excellent for classical music and tango lovers .
 It was bought as a used item ... let me tell you , this is a very nice `` used '' item . It looks brand new , sealed and does n't have any scratches . Love this music !
 The music CD , `` Eight Seasons '' by Vivaldi and Piazzolla represents a parallel season in the year . The northern hemisphere has Spring , while the southern hemisphere has winter . Piazzolla , in Argentina , wrote his music to coincide with the northern hemisphere . Of course , his music style and instrumentation are totally different from Vivaldi 's and the contrast is fascinating .
 I bought this CD for my dad after we watched the Camerata Salzburg perform Piazzolla 's Four Seasons . After the concert , I immediately raked through Limewire to try to find Piazzolla 's masterpiece for free , but failed , so instead I bought Eight Seasons . Gidon Kremer and the Kremerata Baltica do an amazing job of performing the two works.This album combines Vivaldi 's classic Four Season 's with Piazzolla 's unique , feisty version . It 's an amazing experience hearing the two pieces juxtaposed as they are so different , but so similar . You will not be able to stop listening to this album !
 I am not a musician but I am a lover of music . I recently heard a chamber music concert of Piazzolla 's `` Four Seasons '' for the first time and really enjoyed it . While searching for a good CD to enjoy at home , I stumbled across `` Eight Seasons '' and purchased it , too , because Vivaldi 's `` Four Seasons '' is one of my favorites . What a wonderful find ! This CD is an interesting interplay of the two pieces sometimes even within the same selection . It is lively , up beat and thoroughly enjoyable .
 The ` eight seasons ' referred to in this CD 's name are the ` Four Seasons ' of Vivaldi and the ` Four Seasons ' of the Argentine composer Astor Piazzolla . Piazzolla is the composer most responsible for the meeting and merging of Argentine Tango and Western Classical music . From his large output , `` Cuatro Estaciones Porte & ntilde ; os , '' `` The Four Seasons of Buenos Aires '' -LRB- people from Buenos Aires are known as `` Porte & ntilde ; os '' -RRB- , is one of the undisputed masterworks . There are numerous recordings of these four wonderful pieces available , including one I would also highly recommend by a trio known as Opus 3 -LRB- composed of members of the Israeli Philharmonic -RRB- , though I do n't know if it is available in the U.S. -LRB- I purchased it in Argentina -RRB- . But the recording of the Four Seasons of Buenos Aires that I think most moving is that on this CD with Gidon Kremer . If you 're primarily interested in Piazzolla 's music , it is likely that , like me , you probably do n't need another copy of Vivaldi 's Four Seasons , but the juxtaposition of the two works on this CD is not entirely without merit , as Piazzolla does quote from Vivaldi 's seasons in his own pieces , often with very pleasing effect.The ` Four Seasons of Buenos Aires ' are therefore in effect orchestral tangos , though they nonetheless inhabit a different sound-world than , say , the patron saint of traditional Argentine tango , Carlos Gardel . If you have heard other versions of these pieces , you may be surprised at how wonderfully refined Kremer and his group are able to make them sound , yet without losing any of the power and color inherent in the tango as a musical form . My personal favorite of Piazzolla 's seasons is `` Invierno Porte & ntilde ; o , '' `` Winter in Buenos Aires , '' which is a sensuously beautiful yet melancholy classical tango played with just the right combination of passion , intensity , and restraint . In this version Kremer 's violin along with the wonderful strings suit the music perfectly .
 Having heard a live performance of Eight Seasons given by Tasmin Little at De La Warr pavilion , Bexhill was enthusiastic to get a copy . The performance by Gidon Kremer does not disappoint . The Vivaldi is as fresh as ever , far less mannered than the Nigel Kennedy version , and with the revolutionary ` naturalistic ' effects of the seasons that make it so endearing a piece played with sensitivity and grace . The Piazzola 4 Seasons of Buenos Aires is similarly responsive to the atmospheres of the city but composed with amazing a-tonal effects . Huge glissandi and sonorous climaxes along with cool , lazy tango rhythms make a complete musical portrait of the sounds of the city . Very exciting music making - very rewarding listening
 I heard mr. Kremer playing this programme in Ljubljana last summer - it was one of the most memorable musical moments in my life . The recording here is just as perfect - Vivaldi is the best I ever heard , it is vital , delicate and with many little accents and sparkles I 've never heard before . The Piazzolla pieces complement it wonderfully in the arrangements of Leonid Desyatnikov -LRB- I think he should also be the star of CD -RRB- , who occasionally snipped bits of Vivaldi into Piazzolla music . This music is a real showtime for the soloist and the orchestra , but artistically is even much more than that . The young players of Kremerata Baltica just have the best music teacher in the world .
 The River Plate , an akward translation from the spanish `` Rio de la Plata '' , is the widest river on the world . It both separates and bonds Buenos Aires with Montevideo , capitals cities of Argentina and Uruguay respectively . If I could ask Billy Joel how would he name this river , I think that much alike his excellent album `` River of Dreams '' , he would call it `` River of Tango '' . Yesterday night I attended Mr. Kremer and the Baltic Kamerata 's performance , where in addition to Mahler 's 10th Adaggio , they played these `` eight seasons '' . I think that for Mr. Kremer and his ensemble , coming to play to South America and precisely to the birthplace of tango , could be a `` tour the force '' . Well , he & the Kamerata were magnificient , classy . He kept us on our feet , applauding , for more than fifteen minutes.This CD has capture the thrilling of his live performances.It is the kind of recording that becomes a milestone in our `` audio memory '' , as Mr. Karajan liked to say . Enjoy it .
 I found this project to be really contemporary in INTERNET Age . Because this project tries to connect two composers lived almost 250 years separated and several hundred miles -LRB- how far ? I do n't know . Anyway Italy is far , far away from Buenos Aires -RRB- . Kremer 's virtuosity made it possible for us to listen to and feel `` How human emotions will differ by season even in our age , and make repetitions . '' He 'll bring us to new adventuous sphere where mind has to face complicated environment . But it 's fun .
 The concept of this CD is decidedly postmodern ; Antonio Vivaldi 's Four Seasons concerti written around 1725 are presented in alternation with Argentinian composer Astor Piazzolla 's Four Seasons of Buenos Aires , written almost 250 years later . In his notes for the CD , Kremer asks us not to think too much about irrelevancies such as categories of Classical or Pop , Modern or Baroque , but simply to embrace the sounds as a language of emotion . Let us , then , begin embracing
 At first sight you could n't pick a more contrasting selection
 Well , well , well . As a fan of Astor Piazzola 's work , and especially his cuatro estaciones porte & ntilde ; as , I was pleased and surprised to find this recording by the great Gidon Kremer.What can I say ? Kremer & Co. treat us to a feast of emotions through their excellent interpretations of both Vivaldi & Piazzola . Just as Vivaldi 's music is clean and sublime , Piazzola 's `` estaciones '' are streetwise heartwrenching tango , and Kremer manages to artfully contrast and put side by side these masterful works . Some people may gripe about the `` unorthodox '' or `` less than classical '' interpretation of Vivaldi , but no-one can criticize the musicality and excellence of Kremer and his Kremerata 's technique . The sound they achieve is incredible ! Just listen to the `` Primavera Porte & ntilde ; a '' , for example . They manage difficult tango contratempos with the same ease that they tackle Vivaldi 's winter.For an astounding rythmic , sensual , but most of all MUSICAL experience , I strongly recommend this CD .
 Gidon Kremer 's musical explorations were very famous from the beginning and during the last few years he is gaining almost a `` classical superstar '' status . I was a little suspicious about those beautifully packaged CDs with sort of `` trendy '' and almost too interesting sounding titles for serious classical achievements . BUT !! I could n't be more wrong . `` After Mozart '' or `` Eight Seasons '' seem to be some of the most inspiring recordings I 've heard . While listening to `` Eight Seasons '' at `` concert '' levels in a privacy of my room , I felt `` goose bumps '' for several times and I had to laugh out of pleasure , thinking
 Among the most frequently recorded compositions stands Vivaldi 's `` The Four Seasons . '' So frequent are these recordings that to justify new recordings gimmicks now have to be added such as the CD I have with Patrick Stewart intoning the short poems that inspired Vivaldi to compose his wonderful opus . So when Nonesuch announced a new release titled < Eight Seaons > -LRB- 79568-2 -RRB- which combined the four of Vivaldi to the four of the Argentinean composer Piazzolla , I was a little concerned that another gimmick was in the offing . I was both right and wrong . You see , the gimmick works!The four 20th century contributions to this program are `` Summer in Buenos Aires , '' `` Autumn ... , '' `` Winter ... , '' and `` Spring ... '' , alternating with the Vivaldi so that the program opens with the Baroque Spring and closes with the South American one . The other part of the gimmick is that the Piazzolla sections , already composed for other works , were reorchestrated to match the Vivaldi sections . -LRB- Is that clear ? -RRB- Now I played this CD in two ways . First as it is . Then I programmed in only the Piazzolla sections . It works beautifully both ways ! There are other recordings that give us `` The Four Seasons '' with a bit more finesse than does violinist Gidon Kremer and his Kremerata Baltica . But his style of conducting does no great disservice to the Vivaldi and works well with the Piazzolla sections .
 Parts of this recording are so beautiful that when I listen while working , I have to pause what I am doing and close my eyes . I do n't remember how I ended up buying this CD -LRB- it certainly was n't planned -RRB- , but I am so grateful.My rabbit hates it though . When I listen to it at home , he stamps his feet . So I can only listen to it at work . : -LRB-
 I have attended Kremata Baltica 's concert in Hong Kong performing exactly the same programme . I was already impressed by the performance of the enesemble for Baltica young musicians and under the direction of Gidon Kremer that night . Now the CD is still impressive . It is not easy to get impressed by contemporary music for me as an ordinary classical music lover , but Piazzolla 's music is not pretending to be profound and difficult . It 's new music technique does not prevent his expression and comminucation of emotions via his music to the audiences . The combination of Vivaldi 's The Four Seasons & Piazzolla 's The Four Seasons in Buenos Aires is a fantastic mix as well .
 Gidon Kremer has been building himself quite the reputation as an interpreter of the music of the late and great Argentine musical polymath , Astor Piazzolla . Here he takes the very well-known Four Seasons of Vivaldi and stands them up to the Four Seasons of Piazzolla and the result is an aural delight.Most who are reading this are probably curious about this CD for one of two reasons
 I had never heard the Piazzolla ` seasons ' before and when I listened to it in a music store , I simply had to buy it ! Kremer is the best violinist on this planet in my opinion . I am not very much impressed by the Vivaldi ` four seasons ' on this CD , but even when you buy the CD only because of the Piazzolla-pieces , you will not regret it ! Kremer is very capable of catching the South American ` feeling ' , the ` drama'and the ryhtm in the music . I almost feel like dancing , when listening to it !
 I live in Kobe , Japan . I went a concert of Kremerata Baltica last year . Fortunately I encountered this program , `` Eight Seasons '' . Everybody who was there at that night is a witness of miracle . So nice play , very few left concert hall . This CD is also very impressive , I found . Kremer is also good for very classical classic . Buy one copy .
 Excelente todo el CD . Las canciones tienen un significado muy profundo y hablan de las cosas mundanas del dia a dia como el amor , etc. . Compren el CD y no se arrepentiran .
 If you like Flamenco music then you will love Siempre Asi , it is actually a branch of Flamenco called `` Sevillanas '' for the noobies out there it is more orchestrated , with more rythm and with a rich full happy sound . The music is wonderful , beautiful classical guitar arrangements with percussion , drums and brass tones coloring the palette ! + the voices of the eleven members of siempre asi you really need to listen to this album.If you like to get deeper also get more albums from siempre asi like `` Mahareta '' , `` Cantando que es Gerundio '' , `` Todo Vale '' etc. .
 If you want to listen to rich music , full of life and rythm ... this is it . Will make you want to get up and dance . Great from begin to end .
 This killer box set covers most of Basie 's best in studio work from 1936 to 1945 when he had the best band around , bar none . We are talking about some of the very best jazz musicians of all time
 I have never in my life heard such pounding bass . This CD is definitely an eye-opener to the subversive Detroit techno-bass scene . Techno-bass is a hybrid of 80 's style electro and pounding , resonating , bass driven techno ; creating an eerie robotic world . This CD has a bit of everything from booty-tek to German electro all manipulate to fit the Detroit sound . It is dark and cold on the surface , yet full of vibrancy and energy underneath , a perfect metaphor for the Motor City !
 This CD is a great introduction into what Detroit electro funk is all about ! Everything from electro , bass , techno , and a little old school west coast style house is thrown in the mix . The Aux 88 tracks that are featured on this mix are pretty hard to track down in their own right these days in physical form . Aron Car 's `` Down '' is a staple in Detroit electro and I ca n't begin to name the number of mixes I 've heard back in the day when this track would be dropped . Even though Aux 88 is named in 4 of the tracks , believe spread throughout this CD as their monikers such as DJ K-1 -LRB- Keith Tucker -RRB- , Di'Jital -LRB- Aux 88 's tour DJ -RRB- , X-Ile -LRB- 2 female member crew backed by Aux 88 's Tom Tom Hamilton -RRB- , Posatronix -LRB- Tom Tom once again with William Smith -RRB- , Microknox -LRB- another Aux 88 side project -RRB- . For those who know ...
 probably one of the best detroit electro compilations ever ! Every track is catchy and puts you in the right mood . The bass on this cd will have u addicted and you will go through many pairs of shoes dancing away to it . You ca n't go wrong with this album . Simply bassalicious !
 I love this cd if anybody gave this cd a bad review you need to get smacked in the face a str8 classick a Futuristic Journey thru the ghetto lol . .
 LUST CONTROL/ONE OF THE BEST BANDS EVER/GET EVERY RECORDING THIS BAND HAS EVER PUT OUT ! KEEP AN EYE ON A NEW RELEASE !
 This is a wonderful selection of opera arias by the legendary singers who made the early 20th century one of the golden ages of opera . The quality of this recording is exceptionally good , without the distortional background noise of the originals . All four volumes are highly recommended .
 Remember the Hot 5 's & Hot 7 's recordings by Louis Armstrong ? Here 's a band that gives a healthy nod to the past legends of popular music/jazz of the 20 's & 30 's . At the same time , they bring an updated look at a few early jazz genres . Excellent production , excellent performances , great ensemble work -LRB- vocals & horns -RRB- , & an excellent live band to boot . One of the sleepers of the Minneapolis music scene , this release was one of the best locally in the past 5 years .
 SNZ and BBVD are good , but these guys from Minneapolis smoke ! In no way are the Hotheads latecomers to the `` swing scene ; '' they owe more to the wilder , dirtier jazz of the late 20s . This is actually their third album , with two prior albums -LRB- and some minor changes with musicians -RRB- as the Straw Dogs . Check it out ... you wo n't be disappointed !
 I will admit that I listen to orchestral music more often than I play chamber works , but perhaps that ought to make my endorsement of this set all the more persuasive . I mean , I make my usual rounds of Beethoven and Schubert quartets , plus the lone efforts in that genre by Ravel and Debussy and the several by Bartok and Shostakovich . I revisit other permutations of four , plus various trios and sextets and such by the likes of Schumann , Brahms and Faure . In other words , I listen to chamber music but usually it 's by the truly big guns , so if I come across works by a minor composer that I enthusiastically admit to this club , they must be pretty good to my ears . These three Piano Quartets by Friedrich Kuhlau are that good , believe me . Kuhlau was born in Saxony in 1786 but in his mid-twenties fled to avoid being drafted , eventually settling in Denmark , where he flourished as a composer . At times he hung out with Beethoven , who had an influence on his music . As I write this , sound samples exist on the product page , so you can see if you might agree with me as to the excellence of these works . I find them introspective and probing , but never aimless . There 's subdued energy here , and the music always seems to have an emotional point . The performances , by artists I 've never heard of , are fine , and as an added bonus there is also in the release a Sonata for Violin and Piano that is solidly written and executed . If you 're looking for some late Classical to early Romantic chamber works that are off the beaten listening track , these works are probably my prime suggestion , period .
 Probably the best-known work by Luigi Boccherini -LRB- 1743-1805 -RRB- is a Minuet that 's usually heard in orchestral arrangements . It was used that way in Stanley Kubrick 's film `` Barry Lyndon , '' and can be heard on track 10 of this CD in its original guise . This CD and its two companion releases -LRB- Testament 1244 & 1245 -RRB- provide a diverse sampling of Boccherini 's string quintets , so perhaps it 's numerically apt to make 5 comments :1 . This is music of great charm and originality .2 . These 1950 's recordings are all in good quality mono sound that is pretty much identical to the original Angel LPs .3 . The Quintetto Boccherini was one of the great post-war Italian chamber ensembles , along with the Quartetto Italiano , Renato Fasano 's Virtuosi di Roma , the Societa Corelli -LRB- a gorgeous Vivaldi 4 Seasons on RCA LP -RRB- , and the wonderful Trio di Trieste -LRB- see my review of the latter 's CD box set on DG -RRB- .4 . The playing on this CD is warm and rather romantic . Fast movements may lack some of the zip heard in recent recordings -LRB- Fabio Biondi , etc. -RRB- , but the slower movements here are more intimate and expressive .5 . If you enjoy this CD , you will probably want to acquire its two companion releases . However , these historic re-issues are likely to go out of print after a brief period of availability , so do n't hesitate too long.Recommended .
 This CD , one of a set of three , is dedicated to a long neglected composer who was unique in its use of a string quintet with two cellos . Schubert composed one marvelous string quintet but Boccherini is the reference point of the genre , having composed no less than 141 of them . The Quintetto Boccherini was created in the early 1950s and for over 40 years performed this music in an inspired career of concerts worldwide . They had recorded quite a few LPs -LRB- EMI , Ensayo , Italia -RRB- but almost nothing had appeared on CD until now . Starring cello master Bonucci and viola virtuoso Sagrati , this CD excels in energy and poetry . Its melancholic character brings us back to the early romantic period when it was composed by the author at the Spanish court . Others have recorded this music , usually with a guitar instead of the second cello , but this is the original for five strings and a must for any lover of this kind of music .
 First class performances from Blakey 's golden era make this CD a great way to start to learn what he and The Jazz Messengers were all about . In adittion to discovering and nurturing many young musicians , Blakey 's band was highly influential in its version of hard-bop jazz.As you probably know , Wynton Marsalis was one of his later alumni and through his influence the spirit of Blakey 's music spread to younger musicians . But , later developments aside , this CD is enoyable by its own merrits .
 I 've been listening to Elverskud over and over -- it 's the story of Herr Oluf 's encounter with the Erlking 's daughter on his wedding eve , and how she curses him to die when he rejects her -- it 's thrillingly sung , and wonderful , dramatic , music from the Romantic period . If you like Weber & Schubert , do n't miss their Danish contemporary !
 Niels W. Gade 's Elverskud is a ballad for soloists , chorus and orchestra to a folksong-based text -LRB- it is unknown who actually provided the version Gade used -RRB- and is an enormously appealing , exuberant , atmospheric , high-romantic work , stylistically in the style of Mendelssohn and Schumann , but with a certain personal stamp on it . It has been recorded a couple of times -LRB- deservedly so -RRB- , and without knowing too much about the alternatives I can find little to complain about with the version at hand . Schnwandt takes a rather brisk approach , but nothing sounds hurried - rather he makes the music sound fresh and resplendent , with plenty of momentum without compromising atmosphere . He also draws sharply characterized , fresh and vital performances from the Tivoli Orchestra and Choir , and the soloists are uniformly excellent or at least very good.This issue is also invaluable for its coupling . The Spring Fantasy -LRB- `` Foraars-Fantasi '' -RRB- was composed as a wedding gift to his wife in 1852 . Stylistically it is cut from the same cloth as Elverskud , but is perhaps even more obviously Mendelssohnian in sound . In any case , it is a fresh , sunny and untroubled work of glimmering atmospheres and textures - the work features a very prominent part for the piano - and if it is n't quite a masterpiece -LRB- as opposed to what Elverskud may , not wholly unreasonably , lay claim to -RRB- it is still a very fine , rewarding and thoroughly enjoyable work . The sound is immediate and a little bright but no cause for concern , and overall this is an immensely attractive issue , recommended with enthusiasm .
 If you 're a fan of the fantastic , enigmatic Ms Lear , and even if you 're not you have to have this album . From a staple of ` disco divas ' to emerge in the late 70 's Amanda is the only one still around and recording frequently . This her first release of the 2000 's is a combination of classic Amanda Lear -LRB- Love Boat , I just wan na dance again -RRB- and possibly a bit of who Ms Lear would like to be i.e. the smoky ballad chanteuse -LRB- the look of love , yesterday when I was young -RRB- . Recorded in France and therefore sung mostly in French , German and even spanish , is her first album in years to feature real live musicians and not just electronics and that alone puts it amongst her best , although many fans will miss her usual sarcastic and witty lyrics as most of the songs on Heart are covers . Love Boat and I just wan na dance again have already been released in Europe as singles and have proved popular , I just wan na dance again should be massive as its a classic up tempo killer dance track , but Vol de Nuit will be even bigger . A classic Amanda Lear album with something for everyone - get it today !!!! Has been released in Europe under the titles Love Boat and Tendance ... so if you cant get your hands on this original try searching for those two titles .
 I 'll bet that when Amanda Lear broke through as a novelty act in 1976 with her deep smoky voice , few would imagine she 'd prove to be more than a flash in the pan , in fact still be a DIVA 25 years later on ! After a misguided and disappointing set of re-recordings -LRB- `` Back In Your Arms '' , 1998 -RRB- , `` Heart '' finds Amanda in excellent shape with the strength to survive the tragedy of her life
 ` Heart ' is completely made in France . It has been recorded in Paris . Polyglot Amanda sings in five languages on this compact disc
 Amanda Lear keeps fascinating EVERYONE!This lady has been in business for over 30yrs , and keeping it on top especially in Europe , just a shame that the US audience is not used to her.HEART is bay far One of her best Albums , with her Marlene Dietrich voice , amanda performs Love Boat , and Yesterday when I was youn Brilliantly !! Buy this CD , You wont be dissapointed !
 This ist the best Amanda-CD from the last years !!
 Staying true to your roots and still straying into original worlds . A rare accompishment by a rare band . I must admit I did n't have high hopes for this album , as I thought it would be some ultra whiny pop or something . Imagine my surprise as each new track made me want to share my new discovery , the way you share the location of a favorite restaurant , or recipe . I grew up on these types of influences and it felt good to revisit them .
 A versatile rock type album that seems to explore some strangeness in the lyrics ... If you like tube amp distortion , minimal synth textures , peter gabriel-esk vocals , and exploration within true subversive rock , , , PICK UP ` CHANNELS ' from pigeonhole , , , Not sure why the band or label did not put this anywhere on the CD artwork , but the CD is enhanced -LRB- includes a video for the psuedo-single of this release and a link to the band 's record label
 Here 's the thing , I have been a fan of Kill Verona for a few years , I picked them up at a local record store in Philly , and wham , I was hooked . Their first EP , Little League , done in 2002 , is really incredible as well.I would classify this band as an emo band , but I also could not just lump them in any general category -- to be honest I am quite amazed that they have not grown more popular . I would venture to say that they are somewhat similar to bands like the Early November , but just a tad bit harder and more intense lyrically wise . Take a listen to Hard Times , Black Lines , probably my favorite song from this particular release
 Plumb started out with a sound to really grab you . As the band has grown -LRB- and now changed to just a single person -RRB- , the sound has matured . This collection is a good overview of some of their better songs . If you 've never heard Plumb , this is an ok start , but I 'd suggest just skipping it and going straight for CandyCoatedWaterDrops instead . Half of the songs on this collection are from that release , and it 's worth owning . Still , the radio hits -LRB- `` Stranded '' , `` Here With Me '' -RRB- are on this disc , and the price ca n't be beat .
 This CD reissues the LPs which the late Norman Harris and the legendary Leon Huff recorded for Philadelphia International Records in 1980 . Neither was a commercial success but are well worth having if only because both men were key figures in the rise of Philly Soul and Disco . Norman 's album is primarily a showcase for his masterful and fluid guitar playing while Leon 's album is a -LRB- mostly -RRB- instrumental R&B / Smooth Jazz-infused affair but also features such illustrious guests as Stevie Wonder , Teddy Pendergrass , The Jones Girls , Eddie Levert and Walter Williams to keep things hot -LRB- vocally -RRB- . Interestingly enough , these albums do not sound much like the classic PIR albums of the period but any fan of '70s Soul or Disco would probably love them as both are representative of both genres ' evolution .
 I had been hearing a lot of great things about this Girl even before the CD available to purchase . So I ran out and got it as soon as I could . There was nothing about it disappointing at all . It 's been a long time since I 've heard good songs . You can tell Whitney Houston has had some influence on her . But she definently has her own style . The material on the CD is about real life experiences , but it 's not male bashing . This is a must have .
 I bought a copy of `` Two Eleven '' and I found this to be a great album . This artist has everything it takes to be a big star with mega success . `` Big Thing 's is a song that every child in any urban community can relate to . It has energy and excitement . You can envision yourself leaving your present existance and stepping into a life you have always dreamed about . This is an R&B CD that every one must have in their collection .
 THIS ALBUM IS ONE OF THE BEST OF THE YEAR.ITS IN THE SAME MOULD AS DESTINYS CHILD BUT THERE ARE MORE UPTEMPO TRACKS.IF I HAD TO PICK MY FAVOURITE SONG IT WOULD HAVE TO BE HOT.BUY THIS ALBUM YOU WONT BE DISSAPOINTED .
 I have seen this young lady in Tulsa and am impressed w / the voice and passion w / which she sings ! Loved the songs she wrote for and performed w / Whitney Houston !
 It 's just a matter of time before people catch on to this ` HOT ' new artist ! Miss Estes throws together a little Destiny 's Child , a little Jill Scott and a little Toni Braxton to come up with a sound all her own . She writes most of her own material , and her most famous achievement to date is her songwriting credit for Whitney Houston 's `` It 's Not Right , But It 's Okay '' . This album is full of slammin tracks as well as cool ballads . The one 's that caught my attention the most were the uptempo `` HOT '' , which was released as the first single , `` U Do n't Got What I Want '' , which is a downright catchy tune with a clever chant at the chorus , and `` I Adore '' , which would go quite nicely on radio next to current tunes by Jill Scott and Erykah Badu . `` She Already '' is a very cool ballad that reminds me of some of Toni Braxton 's new material.This artist is very talented and versatile and it would be a shame if she does n't get her props like so many other artists today . Go buy her album , you wo n't be disappointed !
 From the first time that I heard her on the Next Friday soundtrack , I was impressed by her voice . Listening to her album , you get to hear a great voice over quality production . To top this off , she did a remake of Guy 's `` Let 's Chill '' and it is tight . SHe is one of those artist who gives an even mixture of music tempo on her CD . There are ballads , fast tempo and mid tempo on here and the songs have meaning . `` Still Your Son '' and `` She Ca n't '' same to be personal songs and you feel them . Great CD .
 I 've had this cd for almost a year and I still listen to it . ... I love `` let 's chill '' , `` stupid '' , `` let me know '' and `` she already '' . Those songs are deep , presented with a beautiful sensual voice . Toni has great potential and I would love to see her gain more popularity . She deserves it !
 I like to album it 's R & b I wish she would have come out with another album she has a nice voice .
 When it comes to the city of Tulsa , Oklahoma , they have long history of music . While most of it learns heavily toward country , the city has also has also had huge names from the pop , rock and R&B ; world . In fact , the most notable R&B ; act from the Tulsa area was the group The Gap Band in the 70 's . Fast forward over two decades later , enters the singer Toni Estes . She originally got her start as a background singer on Jon B. 's album `` Cool Relax '' on the third single `` I Do -LRB- Whatcha Say Boo -RRB- '' . Shortly after that , she wrote a couple of songs for Whitney Houston on her 1998 album `` My Love Is Your Love '' . She lent her pen to the tracks `` If I Told You That '' as well as the album 's biggest single `` It 's Not Right But It 's Okay '' . From there , she landed a deal with the label Priority Records and recorded the song `` Hot '' for the soundtrack to the Ice Cube film `` Next Friday '' . Not long after came her debut studio album `` Two Eleven '' in 2000 . Originally scheduled to work on most of the album was Rodney Jerkins . However , due to prior commitments , he was replaced by Warryn Campbell -LRB- Mary Mary , Kelly Price -RRB- , Bryan-Michael Cox -LRB- Ideal , Jagged Edge -RRB- and legendary producer Teddy Riley . She gets sassy on the song `` Independent Lady '' as well as the indifference themed `` U Do n't Got What I Want '' . The album 's best moments come when Toni sings about her relationship troubles . Look no further than the song `` Stupid -LRB- Nothing I Believe -RRB- '' when she confronts a significant other over his indiscretions as well as his dishonesty . On `` Still Your Son '' , she tracks down a man who decides to deny the paternity of his newborn child . She wants her man to open up a little on `` Let Me Know '' and gets sold a few false promises on `` Told Me '' . She does a decent cover of Guy 's 1990 hit `` Let 's Chill '' with a guest appearance from hip hop producer Battlecat . While Toni Estes ' `` Two Eleven '' is a satisfying listen , a few of the songs on the album weighed down what could have been a perfect recording . Despite that mishap , Toni shows that she 's great at her craft .
 I really am glad to have found this album on Amazon for such a reasonable price . My favorite Songs are #Let Me Know , # Stupid and # Let 's Chill ... I love her voice !
 Well to no music lover 's surprise , Toni Estes is another outstanding artist to be passed over for the mundane muddle of music.Toni posseses the sensual and fire in her vocals , to handle neo and dance.Although the disc is uneven somewhat in pace , it 's a very solid disc.It leaves you wanting more from this artist.This disc was released in 2000 , without a follow up cd , i just hope she has not been soured on the the sad side of the music biz .
 From the skills added on `` It 's Not Right , But It 's Ok '' , I knew this young lady was outstanding . The only thing this CD could use is more slow tracks , to show off her voice . Strong tracks , # 11 `` Stupid '' , and # 13 `` She Ca n't '' .
 Moments Of Suspension is a collection of four different bands on the It 's Twilight Time label . Those bands are Knitting By Twilight , Blueshift Signals , Overflower and Incandescent Sky . I 've had the pleasure of reviewing all of Knitting By twilight 's albums and very soon I will be reviewing Incandescent Sky 's latest release . Even though this is a various artist compilation , the focus seems to be on KBT , which is n't a bad thing but would have been better if more of the other bands were featured . Many of the tracks on this compilation have been previously unreleased including Swallowed by KBT.Since the other bands have only one song featured , it 's hard to make any comparisons other than they 're on par with KBT 's music . Almost companion bands if you will but with their own musical identities . Overflower and Incandescent Sky tracks have more guitar prescense in them thus giving a nice contrast to the more minimalists songs.This is definitely the best place to start if you 're interested in the above bands . You 'll find yourself wanting to hear more from the bands as I do . I would recommend this only those that are adventurous at heart . All others proceed with an open-mind . Reviewed by Ron Fuchs on April 11th , 2006
 After avoiding all the `` Demolition Man '' years and picking up Mpire of Evil I went back to check them out . Lem me tell ya they 're all good ! Hopefully more reasonably priced reissues will follow for all the criminally under rated post Cronos era . ALL VENOM IS GOOD ! '' ; ~ -RRB-
 This album is the second best of the Tony Dolan Venom era after their crowning achievement Temples OF Ice and a bitch to get on cd . I have the vinyl version and it kicks some serious butt . Great vocals and basslines somewhat buried in the mix , with sharp dual-attack guitar and tasty , atmospheric synth here and there.The style is less thrashy and more conventional , slower metal but the atmos is raw and evil , with a very 90s sound to it.The first track is not a song but an 8 ' intro that ends with a cannonblast ! I did n't think much of Prime Evil but with this follow-up I was instantly hooked . Pity Mantas decided to dissolve the band in 92 giving way to a series of boring groove metal records when Cronos regrouped Venom.This will sound cliched , but this is a must have -LRB- as with all of Venom records with the possible exception of the drums-freee - at least audibly - Hell -RRB-
 Per Norgard 's second venture into musical dramatic territory was perhaps as much `` of it 's time '' as his first . Where Gilgamesh was very much a multi-media piece with the character of a 1960s happening , Siddhartha is a return to tradition , both to traditional concepts of staging and drama , and even to a more traditionally tonal concept . However , sunk deep within the music of the third act , are some of Norgard 's most individual writing and an indication of the next period in this fascinating composer 's output.Siddhartha continues Norgard 's mystical interests and examinations of crucial points in human history . Interestingly , Norgard spends his time in this opera on the early life of Siddhartha , beginning in the first act with his miraculous birth and the prophecy that he would either become a great king or the savior of the world . In an attempt to keep his son attached to worldly pleasure , his father decrees that all the sick , infirm or deformed should be locked in a dungeon under the palace . The second act deals with Siddhartha 's budding sense that all is not right , though his marriage to Yasodhara lulls him back into his world of pleasurable illusion . Finally in the last act , the facade falls away as Siddhartha witnesses illness and death first hand and the millions looked away in the dungeons are let out once again . After a crisis of sanity , Siddhartha realizes his destiny is to find a way for all beings to be released from suffering and he leaves the palace forever.The libretto , written by esteemed Danish poet Ole Sarvig , is full of lush imagery . The central image of the opera , the palace of pleasure built on the unseen suffering of the millions , is extremely powerful . This powerful verbal and visual image is reinforced in Norgard 's brilliant music . Siddhartha is Norgard 's final extension of his 1970s neo-romantic period . All material in the opera is developed from manipulations of the composer 's famed infinity series ... a sort of musical fractal procedure , which creates , and endless series of varied and yet related melodic patterns . Rhythms are calculated from proportions based on the Golden Section . The result is anything but mathematical . Rather the score , particularly in the first act , is lush and sensuous , as befitting the illusory pleasure palace constructed for Siddhartha 's benefit . As the work continues , the music gains a darker edge , until in the last act ; Siddhartha 's madness is suggested by wildly swinging musical moods and violently dissonant passages . The final bars of the opera introduce material that is radically new , symbolizing the hero 's journey into a new world of possibility.One of the things that impress so much about this opera is that Norgard and Sarvig do n't attempt to create `` spiritual '' music in the sort of New Age way that is popular now . This opera is spiritual , but it is a spirituality that recognizes human pain , rather than trying to anesthetize it . The central philosophic question , how can one remain unpricked by conscience when all the beauty one enjoys is at the expense of the pain of others , is as Western as it is Eastern . There is no , `` Eastern retreat from the world '' in the opera . In fact , Norgard and Sarvig seem to understand that the European concept of Buddhism 's `` retreat from the world '' is an incorrect understanding of the religion , which is motivated from deep engagement with the suffering of humanity , not retreat from it . As a result , this opera is more honest , more deeply felt , and moves one more than many other works that wear their `` spirituality '' on their sleeves . Highly recommended .
 The 1970s saw Danish composer Per Norgard developing a `` hierarchical music '' . Here the melodies were formed by the infinity series , a fractal-like line where the same patterns appear at scales both large and small . His harmonies were based on the natural overtone series , the very stuff of sound itself . And his rhythms were fit to the golden section , that `` divine proportion '' found in much of nature and human art . These three together formed music of infinite expansion but complete cohesiveness , and when they appear in Norgard 's masterpiece Symphony No. 3 of 1975 , they seem to laud the very unity of the cosmos . But as the 1970s wore on , Norgard increasingly sought to express both the joys and sorrows of life . The opera `` Siddharta '' -LRB- 1974-1979 -RRB- is both the culmination of the hierarchical phase and a glance ahead to violent polarities in his later music.Siddharta is the Indian prince who , prophesized to foresake the world , is locked up by his father in a pleasure garden far away from sickness , old age , and death . Eventually he discovers the truth of his existence , and heads out alone to find enlightenment . Norgard 's music to a libretto in collaboration with Ole Sarvig closely fits the story . In the first act , revolving around the birth of Siddharta , the music is entirely based on the infinity series . This is music of heartbreakingly beautiful melodies , lush orchestration , and elegantly danceable rhythms -LRB- Siddharta 's mother Maya is represented by an unspeaking ballerina -RRB- . At the close of this act , Siddharta 's father throws the community 's cripples in the dungeon and order the construction of a sanctuary for the prince.Act II then opens with a simple modification of Norgard 's hierarchical music
 This is my favorite of all Phil Driscoll 's albums . It is so powerful . Guaranteed to move you .
 As one who was able to hear it performed live at JNW back in 1985 , it remains the most treasured CD I own . I love Warrior too , but nothing equals `` the Power of Praise '' I have always thought Phil Driscoll prays through the trumpit !
 I had looked all over for this tape . Power of Praise , by Phil Driscoll , before I finally found it in Amazon . This tape was made years ago and is n't sold in the stores anymore . If you have n't heard Phil Driscoll 's music I highly recommend this CD ; it will bless you big time !! Thanks Amazon !
 Janet Baker first made a splash , in 1964 , with an anthology of English songs released on Saga , a small obscure label . She was 31 , and her accompanist , Martin Isepp , was the husband of her voice teacher . the remarkable qualities of her voice and interpretation were not lost on anyone , and she soon had a contract with EMI . She kept singing English songs , and I was enraptured by every new release -- I was in college at the time . To this day I can relive the experience of hearing her sing Purcell 's two astonishing religious songs , `` sleep , Adam , and take thy rest '' and `` Lord , What is man ? '' The reissue label , Testament , has assembled a long CD from her various EMI collections from those years up to 1975 . Everything is great , but 39 songs are too much for one sitting.To explain in detail what is on this program , I ca n't do better than to quote the Gramophone , and to say that no lover of Baker 's art in native song should miss this example , made largely in her vocal prime . '' ' A Pageant of English Song ' was Baker 's first solo LP for EMI . Side 1 , in which she 's accompanied by Martin Isepp and Robert Spencer , is reissued on this CD . Side 2 , with Gerald Moore at the piano , can be heard on a double CD on EMI . Dame Janet was at the beginning of the high summer of her career when this was recorded in 1967 . Every recital , concert appearance or opera role was an event . In the first song , Dowland 's ` Come againe ' , each word is given the perfect weight , with beautiful touches on the repeated ' I sit , I sigh , I weep , I faint , I die ' . The jolly ` Never love unlesse you can ' , the melancholy ` Oft have I sigh 'd ' and the coquettish ` Faine would I wed ' each has its own ` face ' , Baker finding just the right expression in her voice . The Scottish songs arranged by Haydn , recorded eight years later , seem rather slight in comparison.Nineteen of these arrangements one after another seem rather too much of a good thing.The five Beethoven Scottish arrangements are the best part of the 1975 session . ` Fathfu ' Johnnie ' is a setting to place beside any great song of the same period . The recording seems to favour the instrumentalists somewhat , whereas in the 1967 selections , Baker 's voice is always fresh and forward . ''
 I disagree with the earlier review about the sound quality . I had this on LP and loved it , so I bought the CD and it sounds great . It contains a broad range of Cab 's styles , from hep to sweet , and will give you many hours of pleasure . Buy it !
 Among contemporary composers George Benjamin is one of the most prominent fans of the orchestra . Though his style is nothing like that of the great French master , Benjamin studied under Olivier Messiaen and certainly gained a desire to think big from him . The four major works on this Nimbus CD -- a reissue for the composer 's 40th birthday of an earlier LP that lacked `` Antara '' and `` Panorama '' -- are a fine example of Benjamin 's writing for large forces.Benjamin 's first orchestral work was `` Ringed by the Flat Horizon '' -LRB- 1979-80 -RRB- . Written when the composer was not yet twenty years old , it catapulted him to fame when it appeared at the Proms . An immature work this is not , as there 's a compelling dramatic element . The cello has a prominent role -LRB- here played by Ross Pople -RRB- , a somewhat lyrical voice going against the urgency and hysteria of the ensemble . Mark Elder leads the BBC Symphony Orchestra , the same performers as in the world premiere.In the following pieces , the composer himself conducts the London Sinfonietta . `` A Mind of Winter '' for soprano and chamber orchestra -LRB- 1981 -RRB- is my favourite of the works on this disc . In this setting of a Wallace Stevens poem , a static , crystalline soundworld initially predominates , one of the few instances one can compare Benjamin to Messiaen . The soprano 's voice , piercing the orchestral textures , is striking , and I absolutely love the last two minutes or so , where the voice and ensemble go from blockiness to a lush cloud . Here Penelope Walmsley-Clark is soprano solo . `` At First Light '' for chamber ensemble -LRB- 1982 -RRB- is my least favourite work here . It 's overlong , and there 's little perceivable form . However one does admire how much sound Benjamin elicits from only 14 players . Furthermore , there are some unusual touches such as squeaking sounds like something out of Per Norgard 's Symphony No. 5 . `` Antara '' for orchestra and electronics -LRB- 1985-87 -RRB- was written after Benjamin studied at IRCAM , the centre for music research in Paris which had hardly got running when the composer visited . The story goes that while Benjamin was receiving instruction in state-of-the-art computer technologies , he found musical stimulation from nearby South American buskers playing simple panpipes . Using IRCAM 's resources , he created sounds of that ancient instrument , ranging from conventional ones to merely theoretical pipes many metres long , which are played by a keyboardist alongside the orchestra . Added to the mix are sampled sounds of the Centre George Pampidou , the building housing the laboratory . The result is not one of IRCAM 's greatest hits -LRB- I favour , say , Boulez ' '' ... explosante-fixe ... '' or Saariaho 's `` Amers '' -RRB- , but fun listening . `` Panorama '' for tape is a brief technical study Benjamin created before writing `` Antara '' . I rate this disc less than five stars because , for all his skill as an orchestrator , one may feel that a sense of innovation is lacking here . Those looking for fresh new ideas from the man would do better to check out another Nimbus disc with `` Shadowlines '' for piano and `` Viola , Viola '' for two violas . Nonetheless , fans of IRCAM and of contemporary orchestral writing may find this a splendid record . -LRB- Verified purchase from a Chicago record shop . -RRB-
 Vadim Repin 's warm , vibrant tone sizzles in this excellent recording of three works for the violin and orchestra from three of France 's greatest late 19th and early 20th Century composers . His performance of Lalo 's Symphonie Espagnole is among the most passionate , distinguished versions I have yet heard of this work , replete with exquisite technical pyrotechnics from his violin bow and a warm , lush tone . The same holds true for his playing of Chausson 's Poeme , while his performance of Ravel 's Tzigane is just as fine . He is blessed with Kent Nagano 's excellent conducting , providing brilliant flashes of orchestral color and tone from the London Symphony Orchestra . However , be warned that Teldec 's sound engineers have emphasized the orchestra 's playing in some passages , so that Repin 's perfomance is occasionally overshadowed by the orchestra 's . Still it is a splendid CD to acquire if only to have a fine example of Repin 's playing .
 As with the competing program played by Maxim Vengerov and Antonio Pappano which I reviewed recently -LRB- Lalo
 This is a great CD . Repin is a great player , and he does justice to all the compositions . The Lalo is wonderfull , although the last movement is not totaly clean , the style is great and it is a great listen . The Chausson does not have enough tension , and the overdone reverbration is obvious . The Ravel is strong , but it does n't beat the Heifetz version !
 Without doubt this is one if the best productions I have ever had the pleasure of watching and listening to . It 's one of those you find yourself playing over and over in your head long after it ends . Extremely entertaining and full of energy . It is classified as `` classical '' but I think it goes much further than that . Some classical compositions are dry , but not this , no way . Very talented , and masters of presentation . You wo n't waste your money with this DVD .
 There is a tendency to write of the musicians of bond as fluff because they are provocative in the way they dress.Like most young people these girls are aware of their sexuality but what I hear in the music is professionals who take their music very seriously.I often listen to this DVD at work and when I ca n't watch the concert I run the program in the background while I have something else on the screen and I enjoy the performance just as much.A definite recommend !
 A couple of years ago , I discovered the DVD `` Yanni - Live at the acropolis '' , a DVD that I really enjoyed . I decided to do a google search on the terms `` as good as Yannni '' , and found Bond . While I do not think that they are the equal of Yanni , they are very good in their own right , and very versatile . If you like strings with a little edge , this one meets the bill .
 Another outstanding DVD production . This one filled with more music , but the lighting for the finale is poor . Great buy !
 this is great for die-hard bond fans . i have been a fan since 2000 or 2001 and i love this dvd .
 I watched this DVD after I was already addicted to Bond 's music so I knew the songs and how they would sound . Bond is a fantastic group , way surpassing the like of Vanessa Mae , but there were a few problems with the DVD .1 . The concert was good , but for the Albert Hall the acoustics were terrible , at some points it is very hard to hear the girls at all .2 . It is obvious that the cameramen were not string players . As a violinist I love watching Hayley and in her supreme performance of Korobushka the camera is directed almost solely on her face and the movement of the bow . Now Hayley is a pretty girl , but I wanted to see her hands move !! It was frustrating to know that her fingers were moving a hundred times to the second and I could n't see a thing !!! 3 . Someone mentioned in an earlier review about the weird looks on Hayley 's face - well to answer that . You try playing those pieces at that speed and try not pulling a face !!! * LOL * As a whole , I LOVE this DVD . As a first go , its excellent and I 've lost count of the number of times I 've watched it . I had to import it to Australia and believe me it was well worth the cost.As a note to fans new to Bond , if you have n't listened to their CDs especially Born , I would recommend doing so before watching the DVD to get the most out of it.Happy listening !
 Exciting music , classical yet rock and alternative with a hint of ethnicity ! So much to listen for ... . and the costumes were sleek and eye catching . Watching them perform on stage is so much fun and they 're so energetic ! WoW .
 I thought they were outstanding in their musical ability and -LRB- naturally -RRB- their on-stage presence . Not the greatest concert or entertainment dvd , but it 's early for them , so they should get better . But it was a lot of fun to watch and get into the music , and what else do you want ?
 This DVD showcases Bonds unique musical talents . Their performance was flawless and electrifying . Bond is absolutely amazing !
 Okay , I 'll admit that Bond 's not the self-inclusive symphony that it has been hyped by the record label as . However , anyone who says that their ` Coyote Ugly ' - esque costumes are the evidence that Bond ` is n't about making classical music cool , it 's about sex ' do n't know too many 24-year-old women . My credentials in this area come from two sources
 As I sit here listening to their performance on my laptop , I 'm struck with the performers ' joy and exuberance . Too often I see an emotionless performer on stage giving a short bow or nod to the applause of the audience . Do I usually see performers glancing at each other in sheer enjoyment ? Not likely!I read the other reviews on this site and noted that one reviewer put them down as being amateurish . Perhaps naive?And do n't I love that about them ? They 're having fun . They 're working hard . They 're wearing their expressions on their faces ... their hearts on their sleeves , as it were . And is n't that a good thing ? Does n't it touch our hearts?I get tired of hackneyed performers that are on stage solely for the money and could care less about it . Show me the money , they say!I think we 'll see this band of performers on larger stages and will look back at this DVD with great appreciation as one of their early works.This is a group that brings joy to the stage and to its listeners . Have fun listening to -LRB- and watching -RRB- them!Ned Hunened1@aol.com
 Forget everything you have heard , or not heard about this namd . It means nothing . Yes , these girls were thrown off the classical charts . Yes , the infuce dance beats into classical music . These are things that people already know about the group.What you might not know , is that these girls can play very well . Haylie and Eos play first and second violin without completing , which is often found in such quartets . Tania provides great sound from the Viola , and Gay-Yee Westerhoff 's cello performance is spectacular.I am a huge fan of string insturments . Mostly I have listened to Yo-Yo Ma and Vanessa Mae , but this group has put together a performance that rivals either of the former . You can say that it is because they are attractive women . And yes that is why I first started watching them . But that can only take you so far with me . After about two-three minutes you have to prove that you have talent to keep my intrest . These girls have that talent . They are a joy to listen to , and even greater joy to see live .
 I had hoped that the live performance of Bond would be released on video and DVD . Now , it is here . Superb performance . A must see for any Bond fan !
 This DVD is a surprise , I have never heard of bond till 2 weeks ago . I was in my local home theater store and caught them on one of the screening rooms . The music was upbeat , the girls looks great but what caught my eye were the emotions flowing thru . it looks like they are having the time of their life.This is so refreshing since what you get from most live performance from established performer is an act . A show put together by expert structured to get the audience emotionally involve , with perfectly timed high and low point . To see a group that 's actually having great fun on stage was so unique that I have to ask the sales person who they are and bought a copy of the DVD on the spot.I have since picked up the Japanese import for Born and I would say the DVD is much better . The background music on the CD was much more pronounced and was actually overshadowing the string instruments on some tracks . The concert performance has clean up some of the arrangement and move the string instruments back to stage front . I still enjoy the CD but I 'm hoping that they will release the concert on audio CD.In conclusion , If you know bond and like their CD , the DVD is a must buy . If you were like me and have never heard of them before . give the DVD a try .
 I 'm over 40 , but this is the kind of video that lets me understand why teenagers are drawn to MTV . It hits my demographic with a sledgehammer . The music is great , juiced up classical music played by talented , classically trained artists that just happen to be beautiful .
 Even though I thought the Spice Girls were a blast , I was hoping Bond would NOT turn out to be a new-age/classical-goes-Top -40 reincarnation -LRB- not having heard the CD , this disc is my true introduction to these artists -RRB- . The quartet may have been assembled by someone with dollar signs in mind , but no matter
 As Haylie says in the concert , `` This is the very first live performance ever '' . Being a fan of Bond 's , I love the music . To see the music being played visually by the 4 members of the classically-trained quartet , was amazing . It 's always nice to see the people behind the sounds of the music , and in the case of Bond , not bad at all.The DVD features tracks from their first album , `` Born '' , `` Dallas '' , and a mix of `` Victory '' . The DVD itself has some extras , one music video of `` Wintersun '' and another of a performance of `` Viva -LSB- Orion Mix -RSB- '' . There is also an inteviews with the members of Bond , and even a short 10 question quiz . Answering correctly on all questions unlocks a video of `` Victory '' and their stay in Cuba where they had taped the music video for `` Victory '' . The questions themselves are not hard to answer , if you make a mistake you can always re-take the quiz . It has the same questions again.The actual concert was quite a drag in sense of excitement , visuals , performance , and prescence . The girls walk around and dance when they are not playing their instruments , I do n't think having an actual dance choregraphy would have helped either sides . It was understandable that they would remain rigid and still to play their instruments . The girls played their songs back to back . . there was no real scene changes or clothes changes . The stage itself did n't lend much help as the lighting was simple and the stage itself , very small and bare . The one thing I liked about the concert was that it was truly live . . there was a small group of people playing in the background , with the band consisting of a guitar , bass , drums , percussions , and a keyboard/mixer . In between songs however , one of the girls would say something about the concert or say something about themselves . Gay-Yee introduced the members of the band , though I thought that was unneccesary . After all , do they introduce the characters in a play mid-way ? They could have kept the mood going , without interruptions . It was basically just song after song that were played . . `` Duel '' was interesting to watch as Haylie and Eos `` dueled '' with their instruments while they played . `` Victory '' and after that was `` Victory -LRB- Carnival Mix -RRB- '' which I did not notice a difference between the two songs . During the Carnival Mix , a bunch of dancers come out , clowns come , lights go crazy . . it 's pretty bland . Their attempt at making that songs `` carnival-like '' and more `` fun '' . It was awesome to see Bond actually perform live . . but the performance lacked so much . As they are going on tour in the U.S. of the summer of 2004 . . I hope they improve greatly on the performance itself , because the music , especially their new album , `` Classified '' does not need any work , and never had .
 I went into an electronics store to get something and on the way out I caught notice of a big screen TV playing a live performance . I watched for 20 minutes and decided I must have the DVD . I 've watched the whole thing once and a couple of tracks many times . Outstanding ! There 's no other word to describe it . It 's four very beautiful , talented young women doing what they enjoy most . By the time you 've gone 10 minutes into the DVD you 'll realize this . These girls are really having fun ! I hope they do another soon.Included on this DVD are two videos they 've done . The first , `` Viva '' contains enough energy to launch a rocket ! I never knew a string quartet could sound -LRB- or look -RRB- so good .
 I finally got around to renting Bond 's dvd `` Live at the Royal Albert Hall '' . I have been a big fan of the classical/pop quartet for almost five years now . I unfortunately had other prior engagments around the time of their concert last year and had to miss seeing them live so I had to see what they were like live -LRB- sort of -RRB- . Their performance at the Royal Albert Hall was their debut live performance back in 2001 . I will start with the two flaws I found with the dvd . The production on the dvd sounded awfully like the music came from the studio as opposed to a live performance . In other words , the allegedly live dvd did not exactly sound ` live ' per say . This cheapens the band 's reputation as a band if the performance dvd sounds much too polished . The second flaw with the dvd is that I could not tell if I was hearing the girls play their stringed instruments of if that was the orchestra . Including other musicians playing stringed instruments drowned out the girls ' playing.With that aside , I found the performance engergetic and invigorating unlike a lot of rock bands nowadays . The girls showed a lot of enthusiasm towards performing which I do n't see in a lot of rock bands today who just stand there on the stage and play their bloody instruments . I just loved how excited the girls were to be performing live . A lot of rock bands today could learn a thing or two about showing a little more enthusiasm towards performing from them.I loved all of the songs but I especially loved the band 's cover of the `` Dallas '' theme song . I wished that was included on any of their albums . It had that huge epic sound that I have always loved . My other favorite song they performed was the sweeping ballad `` Belladonna '' . Just a beautiful song.The bonus footage was pretty minimal . I liked the interviews and the two videos for `` Viva '' and `` Wintersun '' . What no `` Victory '' ? If and when the band puts out another live dvd , I sure hope the sound quality is more convincing that what I heard on this dvd . All in all , I did enjoy this dvd despite its flaws .
 The problem with musicians looking good is we underestimate their true talents - we tend to focus on the form not the substance . The Bond obviously has both . My misgivings on their real talents totally vanished in Korobushka ; without the din of the drums and the orchestra , it was amazing to see their individual talents showcased in cascading display of violins , viola and cello virtuosity . But aside from being superb technicians , this group also flashes creativity in composing some of their music - Gay-yee 's Kismet and Eos ' Bella Donna are hauntingly exquisite . Before Bond , I never realized that a `` String Quartet '' could be that exciting .
 Overall , I find this DVD quite enjoyable as `` the Duel '' , `` dallas '' , `` bond theme '' `` alexander the great '' and `` victory '' simply blew me away . However , at the same time , their other compositions do n't quite work for me , as they were over-orchestrated . It is overall interesting though , as the four violinists are very talented .
 I took a chance in buying this DVD . Good that I did because it is awesome ! This DVD shows Bond 's debut performance at The Royal Albert Hall in London . It has many tracks from the great start or QUIXOTE to DALLAS to VICTORY at the end . My definate favourite performance is KOROBUSHKO which has an acoustic set and KISMET which is haunting . The DVD has a fair bit of extras including the WINTERSUN video and another performance of VIVA ! at a different concert . The sound is absolutely spectacular and so is the visuals . There are only a few let down such as the everchanging camera angles in BELLA DONNA -LRB- I almost got dizzy ! -RRB- and having to take a quiz everytime to see the VICTORY video and the interview of Bond in Cuba . The quiz is good but never changes and 10 questions gets boring after the 2nd time . The weblink for the website and ringtone is excellent . The gallery really is not good but it is just a slight worry . The great venue lightens the performance up , this afterall is one of my favourite concert DVDs . Highly Recommended .
 I heard about BOND with my nephew and I fall in love with these group ! They bond to my heart and my fascination of violin music . This is a new concept in violin performance . I recommend this DVD , because you can enjoy music and see the passion of the performance of these girls . I buy a new violin . My children see it and play with them the violin , dance and sing . I am going to buy other BOND presentation . It is a good choice.Vivian
 The editorial is perfectly correct . Watching four beautiful musicians gyrate to classical music with a rock beat is absolutely amazing . Turn off the TV , however , and the experience is merely mediocre .
 Ever since I started playing the violin , people were raving about this orchestra band called Bond . I borrowed my friend Paulina 's DVD of the Royal Albert Hall concert and I loved every minute of it . I recommend this to the people who love violin and would enjoy watching the girls play electric orchestra instruments .
 First , the music here is first rate . As musicians , they 've clearly done their homework . So I give it a high rating because the musicianship is so accomplished . However , as performers , they seemed like what they are -LRB- as I discovered from watching the bonus material -RRB-
 What 's not to love ? Four beautiful women playing beautiful music ! My only criticism is that it 's way too short , but I 'd imagine they 'll be coming out with a new DVD soon , which I 'd definitely buy !
 Excellent concert and great as background music , girls lack a little ` showman ship ' re interaction with audience , but this is made up for with the brilliant music .
 I like it but the region of dvd is diferent of my blue-ray player so is a dificult for me .
 Thank you for the speedy transaction in getting this to me . We truly enjoy watching them in this video . They are truly the best .
 Good quality of music and great show . Lively modern mix of classical and rock music . If you like electrified classical music you will like this .
 Thes ladies are amazing . I like a few classical pieces , and even fewer techno groups , but these girls combine the two into another genre , and it is great ! The fact that they are all so cute is n't a detriment -LRB- my favorite is the cellist -RRB- , but they are so skilled on their instruments and really enjoy playing and on videos , it 's very obvious . I look forward to their future releases and hope that they will perform here .
 this dvd is so much fun to watch and listen to . these four women can real play and really move . I wish they would make more videos like this one .
 All I can say is WOW ! I wish these ladies were around when I was first getting into music as a child . They are a real inspiration to my daughter . Their music is awesome and I ca n't wait for Haylee to get back in there with them .
 The music goes from melodramatic to exciting . The performance is interesting . The four lady musicians are attractive . The DVD is a beautiful picture . What else can you ask for?The only bad thing is most of the time the sound from the instruments of the 4 ladies is drowned out by background music.Still , they do make classical music sound exciting , and contemporary .
 Although I ca n't place my finger on it , I feel it lacked something for me to give it a five star rating . The concert was entertaining . The ladies are extremely sexy and talented . If you like this style of music or this group , I would still recommend it .
 I cought the concert on some very high numbered cable channel . I was so impressed I bought the DVD . This is the most origional idea I 've seen in years . Its a cross between Enigma , Petshop Boys , Alan Parsons , ELO , and a conductor on crack . The song Winter is my favorite to date . I predict you find Bond music playing in the background of TV commercials very soon . Seeing them perform is 50 % of the show . Just listening will suffice if you have the memory of them performing . Download `` Winter '' or `` Duel '' to get an idea of the pure talent of BOND .
 4 gorgeous , classicaly trained girls mix classic with pop on string instruments with backing from a small rock combo.The performance at Albert Hall goes from movie/TV themes -LRB- James Bond , Dallas -RRB- to classical music -LRB- Tchaikovski 's 1812 -RRB- and to the great ending with a carnaval style performance of Victory.My favourite piece from this album is Korobushka.Take 4 talented , good-looking and sexy girls , add catchy tunes and you have great enertainment.The sound and picture are very good , and you get some extra 's - pictures , interviews and 2 video 's -LRB- one of Victory , but only after you go through a quiz -RRB- . If you want to know why I gave it only 4 stars-it 's because it 's very good entertainment but not great art -LRB- after all it 's classified as classical music DVD -RRB- .
 This is different , and a nice treat for the eyes and the ears , particularly if you are a man who enjoys a pretty woman 's face . `` Bond '' is a group of four attractive British female violinists who are talented enough to give a performance at the prestigious Royal Albert Hall in London . This was filmed in a September , 2000 , concert.The girls play up their looks by wearing skimpy clothes , which is a little odd for violin and viola players , but who 's complaining ? One plays the cello , too.As colorful as the women and the sets are , the attraction is still what it should be
 Bond - Live at the Royal AlbertDVD is a my very good collection .
 This is how classical music should be from now on and exactly how Mozart would 've loved it .
 These women ROCK ! This is a wonderful performance by 4 very talented string musicians . It is impossible to watch this video and not start dancing , or at the least , tapping your feet . I enjoy watching it while I 'm cooking -- really gets me in a festive mood . Highly recommend it if you enjoy up-tempo , contemporary music .
 I thoroughly enjoyed watching and listening to these talented , vibrant musicians . This is such a sweet version of classical music . I ca n't wait until another DVD of this sort is released .
 Walked into Fry 's Fountain Valley , CA and saw the performance on big screen . Astounding ! I stood there for the next few repeat performances of Victory . The stack of DVDs next to the screen was reduced to the last one so I grabbed that one . A few days later I played the concert at home in full and a few days later watched the 2 bonus tracks.These girls are all accomplished musicians ; they all have degrees in music . See http://www.deccaclassics.com/artists/bond/biog.aspFrom what I 've been reading on the net Gay-yee Westerhoff and Eos started it all when they got fed up with working backup for other groups.My honest opinion ? They are gifted , educated , beautiful , high-energy and will contribute much to musical entertainment . I ca n't wait to see them live in a concert and I usually do n't like concerts because they are boring , but I will most definitely want to see Bond.Here is a bonus video on their website : http://www.deccaclassics.com/artists/bond/biog.aspLook for the Dec 2 , 2003 item under Bond News . That video is great ! Anyone know where I can get the Japanese DVD version?One minor gripe -- why did they pick the name `` Bond ? '' Searching is a royal pain cuz James Bond shows up a lot on Google and Ebay : -RRB-
 As musicians , Bond really stands out , even on this DVD , but as show-women , they need a lot of work . Haylie quickly became annoying as the spotlight hog . And as a group , they did n't do much in the way of actual `` entertaining '' . They simpy played their music . It may possible that it was planned that way ... consider the British audience ... but if that was the case , they should have recorded some other performance for release on DVD . In short , if you are a fan of Bond , you will want this , but do n't expect too much from it .
 I really enjoyed this ! It is a great concert . The girls are very talented and seem to be having fun . The audio and video quality are top notch . Check it out !
 I am in love with Haylie , the lead violinist . She 's the cutest fiddler you 'll ever see . And she plays as good as she looks ! In fact , they all do.I discovered Bond through listening to Vanessa Mae , who was also produced by Mike Batt early on in her career . Batt has been able to tap into something with these artists to make them a commercial success . It 's a blending of classical and pop , culture and curves , high brow and vegas , bach and buttocks -LRB- get the idea ? -RRB- . The essential ingredients are 1 -RRB- talent and 2 -RRB- looks . Both Mae and Bond qualify , although the talent part is always going to be debated by the classical purists.In this DVD you get a good sense of what Bond is all about . The video and audio are excellent , except for the times when the members are speaking to the audience and it sounds like you 're listening from the backstage area . The performances are good , although like the other reviewer one wonders if there is n't some syncing going on . There are bonuses as well , with videos and interviews of Bond which I enjoyed.The problem with this DVD is that it 's a bit overdone . A little butt-shaking is fine , but an hour of it can get old , even with Haylie . The final number -LRB- Victory Reprise -RRB- has dancers and musicians all over the stage in a frenzied free-for-all . Vanessa Mae 's perfomance at the Royal Albert Hall was a much more balanced approach in my opinion . Unlike Bond she played a few classical pieces . It would have been great to see them play a couple of classical quartet pieces to showcase their classical skills and counter the discolike pieces during the rest of the performance . Hopefully Bond will be able to capture that balance in the future .
 This is one of the finest performances I have heard of the Cantigas de Santa Maria . By focusing on the `` loores '' -LRB- every tenth cantiga , Alfonso 's personal praises of the Virgin Mary -RRB- the disc takes on a very personal tone , and by the end , the listener is inside the mind of Alfonso X . The choices of instruments and when to use them -LRB- or not to use them -RRB- is extremely judicious , and the playing and singing is very fine . The pronunciation of the Galician is also excellent , and none of the songs are cut in order to shorten the performance time . Though the influence of eastern music on the Cantigas is very controversial , its deliberate use here , in the microtones and rhythmic patterns , is extremely effective and gives the whole disc an atmosphere of authenticity not many have . On top of all that , it is a very `` listenable '' disc -LRB- unless you absolutely ca n't stand these eastern influences -RRB- . The juxtaposition of a song in Arabic with `` A Santa Maria dadas '' is shocking , but again , effective . These kinds of educated guesses are the closest we will get to hearing what the Cantigas have to tell us , and this disc seems to be not far off the mark .
 Just for your information , there are two ensembles participating here
 Just to add a note to the previous reviewer 's comments
 En efecto , la Cantiga final es hermosa y la interpretaci&oacute;n sobresaliente . Pero todo el disco es digno de elogios . Concebido con genio , delicadeza y acierto va m&aacute;s all&aacute; de la m&uacute;sica para impregnar al oyente que la convivencia entre las grandes religiones monote&iacute;stas -LRB- juda&iacute;smo , islamismo y cristianismo -RRB- ha sido posible . Este es el mensaje que poseen las Cantigas como se plasman en esta versi&oacute;n y que gracias a ese enorme esfuerzo , apreciamos que desde el pasado hay un mensaje que resulta tan actual . Altamente recomendable .
 This is a fabulous recording . Of the six CDs I have of the Cantigas de Santa Maria this is by far the best . I 've always been fairly satisfied with all the other recordings -- after all , they are marvellous works to begin with -- but their interpretation is , to be honest , merely ordinary , compared with what is on this disk.Musical director Joel Cohen has brought together Moroccan musicians and singers with not just Spanish and Occitanian but Berber and Arab roots , to bring to these songs the Moorish influence they undoubtedly had originally . And what a difference this makes ! Suddenly the Cantigas de Santa Maria are alive , dark and smoky and passionate and spiritual.Alfonso el Sabio -LRB- the Wise -RRB- was one of the most remarkable kings in European history . He was a scientist , an astronomer and a law-maker . He drew together Christians , Jews , Muslims , mystics of all three religions , troubadours , poets , dancers , men and women at his court . His commissioning of the Cantigas was one of his most inspired creative acts . And this interpretation of them is simply magical . Thank you to the singers and musicians.If you only ever buy one CD of the Cantigas de Santa Maria , make it this one .
 This is the best example of three cultures living together in armony . The toledo - Spain - , of Alfonso X el sabio - the wise - , was the perfect place for this fusion and richnest of music and art . The music take you there , with a great armony and invention , this music for virgin Maria makes the lisener even more interested , yet we could belive is a pagan music and never for the stric catolic religion . then again this music is just perfect .
 This CD has a lot of good , fun music . I use it in my spin class .
 I only have one complaint about this comp . I could certainly live without Dusty O 's lazy vocals on `` Where is My Man '' , definitely not the strongest track offered on this effort.On the plus side
 This copy is the import but it is not worth the money . Theres a Spanish version out there with the tracks :1 . Rites Of Passage -LRB- Intro -RRB- 2 . Heaven Denies3 . Poor Man 's Crusade4 . Fiddler On The Green5 . Blood On My Hands6 . Path Of Glory7 . Winter Of Souls8 . The Whistler9 . Tear Down The Wall10 . Gallows Pole11 . My Last Sunrise12 . ChantBonus :13 . White Room - This cream cover tune really is redone with the sound this album has . Soft vocals with heavy guitar and its well mixed and done . 90 % 14 . Heaven Denies -LRB- Demo -RRB- - This is not on the copy you are looking at . There are different words in this demo than the one on the album . He sounds like he did n't quite know the words yet and it was more of a practice . 80 % -LRB- Fans only -RRB- 15 . The Whistler -LRB- Demo -RRB- - named demo on the copy I have but pretty much is in the studio . Maybe a different mix ? Well the big diffence is that the verse is the use of the one part Where they say `` Their Marching One By One '' They change it to the Whisler is ... . It 's worth the money . The ending s also mixed differently and thats what made the other more liked . 95 % 16 . Tear Down The Wall -LRB- Demo -RRB- - Really is a demo and at points you cant tell what he says . But this sort of thing rules cause then you get to hear work in progress . 80 % I believe in short you should go for the ful copy . I do n't know where to find it or if it still is made but if you are a fan you must find the copy with ALL the tracks .
 Somewhere along punk 's path of evolution , or deevolution as the case may be , the fun aspect of the form was left by the wayside as every budding Rotten , Strummer , or Idol tried so hard to prove to their audience that they meant it MAAAAAN ! There 's something strangely comforting and downright endearing to know that Olga and his cohorts in the Toy Dolls never grew up , existing in the same strange musical and cultural vacuum they occupied back in the late 1970 's . Like an immature kid brother , the Toy Dolls are still picking their collective noses and flicking it at a once-again bloated music industry hell bent on reducing everything down to some lowest common denominator and churning out mindless pabulum for the masses . This albums collects some of the Toy Dolls ' earliest sides and songs like `` Tommy Kowey 's Car '' and `` I 've Got Asthma '' will leave you wondering how anyone can play so fast and hold it all together , almost as if they 've been up all night mainlining diet pills and coffee . Olga 's voice still sounds like he 's been sucking helium all of his life . Highly recommended for fans of both the Ramones and the Dickies , but be forewarned that these guys are so goofy they make either of those bands seem downright morose by comparision .
 This is the best contemplation of toy dolls since the history vol .1 -LRB- strongly recommended -RRB- . I think this was digitally mastered and it sounds great . If you like funny , edgy rock this is the cd for you . Also check out Rage Against the Machine
 I ca n't get this out of my cd player . I 'm a big fan of '77 punk , but the Toy Dolls are unlike anything else I 've ever heard . Their style is incredibly creative and fun , not to mention insane . Everyone I play this cd for immediately falls in love .
 This is very nice and pleasant music . A tipical russian ballet that isso egyptian as the Kremlin or the Volga river . It shares similarities toTchaikovsky and Glazunov 's ballets and is in general terms enjoyable butnot great music . The performance is also very good . A recommendation forballet and russian -LRB- not egyptian -RRB- music lovers .
 If you want to know what the antithesis of overblown 70 's rock sounds like , look no further.This record was produced by Robert Fripp in 1973 -LRB- as had Tippett 's even more obscure solo record ` Blueprint ' , and the large scale work ` Septober Energy ' -RRB- , and it was this relationship with free music which was clearly instrumental in Fripp 's recruitment of percussionist Jamie Muir for King Crimson . The fact that Tippett himself had declined offers to become a permanent member of KC is testament to his determination to plough his own very singular furrow.Ovary Lodge is a trio album of Piano , Double Bass and Percussion and is free music at its intelligent best . The album is bookended with two group improvisations which fully explore the textural interaction of these wholly acoustic instruments in an improvised setting . In between are quieter explorations of sound and silence , firstly from Frank Perry 's stunning array of Percussion , then joined by Tippett 's thoughtful piano explorations . The music requires a peaceful environment and close listening and repays this with a feast of beautiful acoustic sound textures that could make you determined to never hear a synthesizer or electric guitar ever again . The purity of this music is admirable . -LRB- One star docked because this is mastered from vinyl , although it is very well done , it would have been nice to have heard it from the tapes because the music is so quiet in places -RRB-
 Wow . With the many fine wind ensembles out there , Dr. Westbrook 's 52-member UCLA group is right up there with the best of them in this CD . The ensemble soloists are both individually expressive and almost technically flawless in the Grainger pieces . There are some very minor intonation misses as a group , a few spots where section unison playing -LRB- i.e. `` sound as one '' -RRB- can be detected as not in unison , and a slightly irritating -LRB- controllable , but not controlled -RRB- over buzzing of the contraclarinet in a piece or two , but these constitute mere nuances -LRB- i.e. being over picky here -RRB- . The Capriol Suite -LRB- by the string ensemble -RRB- should be nostalgically familiar to some high school -LRB- or grade school musicians -RRB- who performed in full orchestra , a nice bonus piece to supplement this concert band CD . I whole heartedly recommend a purchase here as the major Grainger pieces are included -LRB- e.g. Lincolnshire Posy , Colonial Song , Irish Tune , etc. -- great selection , very well played -RRB- . IF you either
 Bought this for the Grainger and the UCLA Wind Ensemble . Would recommend it to anyone who loves concert band music or the &#34; heart &#34; music of Percy Grainger .
 I ca n't express how awsome this record is . Man 's ruin ruled , but occasionally put out some bad stuff . It was still a record label I could rely on though . This is one of the strongest releases that mr put out . Also one of the last . Obviosuly there are the kyuss comparisms , but this record is pretty damn original . Some tracks like `` control '' are superfast , while others are blues heavy.If you can find this record used , get it . And go straight to `` unstable '' . this track could make queens of the stoneage jealous .
 if you like fu manchu and nebula stuff this will be right up your alley
 Glad I found this cd . I lost it a long time ago , and could n't find it again . Some of the best stoner rock around . check it out . Fat and chuggy !!!
 Helmut Rilling does well with large scale works of Bach , which is a plus on the B Minor Mass. . Everything is well articulated , with solid bass lines -LRB- often lacking in `` authentic '' performances -RRB- . He captures the faith aspect very well . His `` crucifixus '' is the best I have heard in capturing the pain of the cross , followed by the brilliant contrast of `` et resurrexit '' . He has an excellent cast of soloists . It flows well , but has a very slight feel of heavy-footedness . It has none of the dance quality so prominent in the Mauersberger recording -LRB- Rudolf Mauersberger one of few who can bring out both dance and devotion -RRB- . Overall , most people who are not too much into `` Historically Informed '' would find this quite satisfying .
 Rilling , like Munchinger , Suzuki , and Gardiner , is a master of this repertorie . For nearly 40 years , he has been making extraordinaryly illuminating recordings of the great works of Bach -LRB- and I recently discovered a wonderful public domain performance of the `` Messiah '' with the Oregon Bach Festival Choir featuring Thomas QuansthoffThe Messiah
 This album is unlike anything I have ever heard before . On first listen , it appears that this album has a really low production level . It seems like some artists just recorded themselves playing around on guitar improvising . On second listen however , it appears that this was intentional and part of their sound . It 's a refreshing surprise to hear the background hiss and accidental -LRB- ? -RRB- ambient noise as instruments that enhance and resonate harmonically with the voices and guitar . The song structures , as wispy and relaxed as they are , are very experimental and artistic , even catchy . This is very lo-fi melodic , emotional , artistic folk music . I highly recommend it . It has been a great soundtrack for my dreamy summer afternoon napping .
 1 . I AM THE MONEY2 . BAD KARMA < LIVE > 3 . FAT CAMP II
 There really is n't much of anything out there in the jazz , rock and funk world that sounds quite like this . Although this material is rather free form and highly creative , it feels at the same time as if it 's tightly held together by the knockout rhythm section . All players are very fine , and Steve himself has a beautiful and easily recognizable tone . Part Coltrane and part Maceo Parker , with a little Bird in there too . It 's all very hip , and it is one of those recordings that will stand up very well in the future I think . I 've been listening to this for 6 or 7 years now since I first heard it on Oscar Treadwell 's program in about ' 03 . I do n't really understand Steve 's `` M-Base '' concept-i suspect that no one really does except him - but whatever it is , it is great creative American music .
 The music of Steve Coleman is always inspiring . I recently played it to a pianist friend of mine who immediately said `` this is how music should be made today '' . I had the same thought when I first heard Coleman 's music.This CD features Coleman and the Five Elements in their sizzling best - with Andy Milne -LRB- piano/keyboards -RRB- , David Gilmore -LRB- guitar -RRB- , Reggie Washington -LRB- electric bass -RRB- , and Oliver Gene Lake Jr. -LRB- drums and percussion -RRB- . The rhythms are as tight as they come , with each instrument free to take the music to different places , without any chaos taking place . Coleman 's playing is so many things - smooth , rough , free , structured ... certainly the most intersting performer today in my mind.This CD was recorded live in front of a studio audience . The tunes sometimes sound like funk , sometimes like mainstream jazz , but it is misleading - the rhythms are never simple , the meters never symmetric . One would think this is how Charlie Parker would sound had he been born 30 years later . Try to follow the amazing `` Alt Shift Return '' , and see how intersting the seemingly simple rhythm becomes ! Hopefully , this is where music is going , and every music lover should tune in .
 For years the only Lee Morgan 1950s Blue Note session available as a single CD domestically has been `` Candy '' -LRB- see my review -RRB- , but now that has changed with the recent reissue of `` The Cooker '' -LRB- see my review -RRB- and now `` City Lights '' in the RVG series . -LRB- Of course all of Lee Morgan 's 1950s sessions as a leader were released in the 90s on a now out-of-print Mosaic set . -RRB- Recorded less than three months earlier than the aforementioned `` Candy '' on August 25 , 1957 , `` City Lights '' features a powerhouse blowing-date sextet of Lee on trumpet , Curtis Fuller on trombone , George Coleman -LRB- making his jazz debut in a rare BN appearance -RRB- on both alto and tenor saxes , Ray Bryant on piano , Paul Chambers on bass and Art Taylor on drums . This album also features the arranging talents of Benny Golson , who additionally contributed three of its compositions . For years , `` City Lights '' has been among the most collectable of Blue Note LPs -- it does feature one of the best early covers and is his first stereo effort -- but it sat in far too many picture frames on hipster walls than it did on turntables . Now with this CD reissue , it can be enjoyed once more for its music .
 This album may not enjoy the same status as Charlie Chaplin 's revered movie of the same title , but it 's a session that evokes similar feelings . Like the beloved Tramp , Lee Morgan wins our respect with a performance of warmth and dignity , grace and beauty , sprinkled with moments of gentle humor . His playing on this session anticipates , more than do his immediately subsequent recordings , the composer of the sublimely poetic `` Ceora '' -LRB- `` Cornbread , '' ' 65 -RRB- . Also credit Benny Golson , who provided three of the five tunes and the arrangements for the sextet on this date . Beginning with `` Lee Morgan Sextet '' -LRB- Dec , ' 56 -RRB- to `` City Lights '' -LRB- Aug , ' 57 -RRB- , Golson supplied four consecutive recordings ' worth of material for the developing session leader -- compositions and textures that would showcase the young artist while lending form and focus to his creative energies . After `` City Lights , '' Morgan would continue his prolific recording output but increasingly shoulder the burden -- as one of only two horns on `` The Cooker '' -LRB- Sept , ' 57 -RRB- and the sole horn on `` Candy '' -LRB- Nov , ' 57 -RRB- . As much latitude as the gifted trumpeter is given on these last two dates , the formal constraints of `` City Lights '' prove no less rewarding -- if anything , they serve as a luminous foil , setting off the artist 's inventions and magnifying his unique talent.The opening title track sounds like programmatic music for a movie before rapidly developing into a flag-waver for the leader . A mysterious two-note figure bowed by Chambers ' bass complemented by Ray Bryant 's Twilight Zone tick-tock motif leads to the 24-bar chorus unfolding with a rush , and suddenly George Coleman 's tenor sax hits the ground running , the entire scene completed in a head-spinning thirty seconds ! Although Coleman 's is an auspicious entrance on his first jazz recording , it merely increases the stakes for Morgan , whose trumpet solo crackles with menacing fire , moving to the upper register and going an extra chorus.Morgan 's solo on the lovely , rarely-played ballad `` You 're Mine You '' seems fully capable of standing on its own , especially since Van Gelder 's mixing does little to flatter Golson 's subtle voicings . The program regains its stride with Golson 's `` Just By Myself , '' a straightahead 36-bar medium-tempo piece featuring an extended , beautifully-shaped Morgan serenade . The closer , Gigi Gryce 's `` Kin Folks , '' is a lazy-tempo Bb blues that proves a perfect playing field for all soloists -- but especially the leader , who squeezes his valves , makes the notes talk , and leaves us with some unmistakable Morgan `` attitude . ''
 Outro dia , enquanto assistia ao grande ganhador do Oscar de 1957 , A Ponte Sobre o Rio Kwai , com Alec Guinness , eu pensava
 This is Faithless ' second album . It 's consistent with the sound that characterized `` Reverence '' , their first album , combining trip-hopy , dreamy music with fast and intelligent dance tracks . A few of the tracks were released and had much success on dance and sales charts worldwide
 Ok , this is the debut album from a Ukrainian piano prodigy who signed with Shrapnel Records . Greg Howe is featured on guitar , and honestly I did n't know Howe was this good ! Solid melodic neoclassical ideas , at times soft and subdued , at times blazing away just like Malmsteen and MacAlpine , this is an entertaining album from start to finish . My favorite here is undoubtedly `` Symphony V , '' an 8-minute piece with an absolutely gorgeous piano interlude followed by Howe playing the solo 's theme on power chords and then a solo of his own ... what a great tune ! Buy the album just for this song if you are a real Shrapnel fan , okay ?
 I could n't believe my ears , when I heard ` Parallel In Time ' . It 's so tight , it 's hard to believe `` humans '' recorded it.I really like Greg Howe 's guitarstyle , using his tapping-legato-arpeggio skills to make some of the BEST Neo-classical Shred!Forget Yngwie . . And as for Vitalij Kuprij . . I think he 's from mars.Buy this album!I almost forgot to say the drums are great too . .
 Vitalij Kuprij is the only artist I 've come across who succeeds in performing intense shred with a major focus on keyboards . As you might expect , Kuprij 's keyboard skills are insane , and the hallmark of this release . Also , Greg Howe plays the guitar and serves as a great counterpart to Kuprij . No vocals here - just monstrous instrumental work . The technicality is impressive , and the compositions are very neoclassical and inspired . A must-hear for all fans of shred , neoclassical , Malmsteen , etc. .
 Little Charlie and the Nightcats continue to showcase their brand of California Jump blues with their new release `` That 's Big '' . The Nightcats style has always involved a unique combination of swing , jazz , R&B and Chicago blues all combined with often comical real life lyrics . On `` Desperate Man '' for example , vocalist/harpist Rick Estrin laments over being in love with a woman he just ca n't stand . While the title track `` That 's Big '' places the big woman , as the object of his desire . There are a couple of guest appearances on the CD that are noteworthy . Rusty Zinn plays guitar on the instrumental `` Bluto 's Back '' and guitar and vocals on the slow paced R&B number , `` It Better Get Better '' . While Icepick James Harman joins the fun singing backup vocals on `` That 's Big '' . This disc has it all , guitars , harp , organ , sax , piano and plenty of wit and fun . Another winner for Chalie Baty and Rick Estrin .
 If you 've never had the joy of seeing little charlie and the nightcats live this cd should drive out im the world looking for them . They are as cool and slick as the clothes they wear on stage . Fast or slow , gritty or groovy , low down or looking for love , Rick Estrin 's witty lyrics and seamless delivery bring forth their love of a gene in it 's many forms ... Little Charlie can get more notes than any two so called rock guitar gods out of the same set of frets and six strings . Chicago jump blues at it 's best with some west coast swing thrown in for spice ... They just improve with age ... Now get out there kids and enjoy some blues
 Great Little Charlie & the Nightcats . Every song is good
 If you are a blues fan and have yet to experience the West Coast Blues scene or Little Charlie and the Nightcats in particular , BUY this CD ! ` Little ' Charlie and Rusty Zinn offer up some smokin ' solos on `` Bluto 's Back '' that boggle the mind . Once you hear this offering , you 'll be back to the store buying all the rest . Great party music ! Also recommend Rod Piazza , Rusty Zinn , Kid Ramos .
 Another great hit . Together these guys really can make music , but all and all Rick is still the number performer .
 There are groups that rock and then there are groups that really rock . Little Charlie and the Nightcats do the latter . This ablum is a must buy . Take it to a friend 's party and plug it in his/her CD player and watch the place start to jump . This one is definitely a keeper and there is not one clunker in the whole playlist . There are three must play songs on the album . These are That 's Big , Coastin ' Hank and Go On If You 're Goin ' I recommend that you check out the rest of their albums if you want to hear more of their stuff .
 TIMI YURO 's 4 duets with Johnny Ray justifies the price - but why ca n't we have a box set of Miss Timi Yuro 's work in a box set with all duets ?
 Remember when the thrash bands were easy to characterize just by where they came from ? I mean , we all gush when we hear `` Bay Area '' right ? Then there were the boys from the East Coast . You remember how you could easily tell the difference between Exodus , Testament , Metallica , compared to say , Nuclear Assault , or Overkill , and Anthrax ??? Well , there seems to be a new base of operations for metal in the new millenium ... way north of here ... Sweden . And it all sounds pretty nuch the same . True , certain bands have developed their own signatures , like IN Flames , and dark Tranquility , and Arch Enemy ... but they all sound Swedish !!! Enter Dismember . The album checks in at about 33 minutes , with very short to no breaks between tracks , and that harkens back to the effect of a timeless metal opus ... you guessed it . . Reign In Blood . If Slayer had been born in Gothenberg , then Reign in Blood may have sounded like Hate Campaign . The biggest comparison here is the sheer speed and energy of this album . While most of the Gothenberg bands are injecting power metal viruses into their pre-existant death metal , most have shed the element of sheer brutality ... . but not Dismember . Hate Campaign is 11 tracks of brutal thrash metal which will shred your face at high volume . The Swedish sound is in the down tuned guitars , but the thrash is complements of late 80 's Slayer . Hate Campaign is Fueled by ripping guitars pumping out the pummelling riffs , bottom heavy bass complements of new metal journeyman Sharlee d'Angelo , and drumming that relies on standard thrash tempos rather than tose annoying blast beats . The opener `` Suicidal Revelations '' is a typical blaster , relentless from start to finish . `` questionable Ethics '' is much the same highlighted by a drop to mid-pace riffery toward song end , while the highlight of the album `` Beyond Good and Evil '' is some darn fine riff heavy sonic intensity . `` Retaliate '' and `` Enslaved to Bitterness '' are the songs where the Gothenberg style is really prevelant , usually through the choruses . The rest of the songs keep to the same formula of thrashing twin guitars -LRB- which produce many a fine solo here too !! -RRB- and excellent thumping bass with the traditional thrash drumming . In short , Dismember is doing nothing new , but what they do churn out makes the old head bang furiously . The vocal delivery is typical Swedish death stylings , and there are more similarities to Reign in Blood with Araya like vocal patterns and even lyrics to `` Thanatology '' which could almost pass for lost verses for `` Angel of Death . '' If you are a fan of the more polished , melodic Swedish bands , Dismember may not be your cup of tea , but if you like your metal churned up like Entombed , Napalm Death , and Slayer in a three way title match , then you will enjoy Dismember 's hate Campaign . I really give it 41/2 stars , and it will see some extended time in the disc tray .
 This album prooves that Dismember is still a force to be reckoned with in the overcrowded realm of Swedish death metal . These guys practically wrote the book -LRB- with help from Entombed and Centinex , among others -RRB- , and Hate Campaign finds Dismember in top form . There are throbbing , raw riffs , shouted sore throat vocals and the occasional guitar harmony ... in other words , everything Dismember should be . Imagine the strongest elements of Massive Killing Capacity and splice them with a little pre-92 aggression . `` Patrol 17 '' and `` Enslaved to Bitterness '' are more melodic than anything they have done since Collection By Blood ... the gothenburg labels are misguided , however , because Dismember pre dates that movement by a good 8 years or so . The albums tracks are split between driving , back to basics Stockholm death -LRB- `` Mutal Animosity '' -RRB- , and more melodic fare . Most refreshing after the poorly produced mess that was 1997 's Death Metal .
 I 've been a Dismember fan for several years and this is definately their best effort to date . Hate Campaign is their most polished and their best album from a techn . standpoint . Fred Estby did a good job mixing this album and the drums really stand out to me , but of course Estby is their drummer . Sharlee D' Angelo -LRB- also of Mercyful Fate -RRB- puts out a fine job as bassist and he makes a nice addition to the band . I hope more bands can put out this level of quality thrash metal . This kind of album makes me want to rename the genre pound metal , because it gives your ears a good , solid , quality pounding ... thumbs up !!
 This is just really good OLD SCHOOL SWEDISH DEATH METAL . This album goes for the throat for the get go and does not let up . The playing is heavy , fast and intense . There is a some of that dirty SWEDISH guitar fuzz , but it is elegantly broken up by MAIDEN like solos . Intensity is the name of the game because it does not let up i.e. there is no breaks between songs . The bile and fury on this album can teach the younguns a thing or two .
 this album is their best for sure ! No seperation between the tracks because all the songs are insane ! Heavy , Speed and melody , awesome talent in this band . One of the best of 2000 .
 I think it is a new school death metal.this album has speed , melody and heavy ... very good and valuable
 if you 're into LOW , MAZZY STAR , SIGUR ROS ... , this cd is for you . do n't know about the band , do n't know about girl , but her voice is brilliant and music is equally great . from Japan I guess .
 Brook Benton has one of those smooth singing styles along with Sam Cook , Nat King Cole and John Gary that just wraps itself around a song and makes you want to hear it over and over again . This particular collection is home to some of my favorite songs from my pre-teens . My dad was a Brook Benton fan and through him I learned to appreciate a song sung the way it was meant to be . The string arrangements that accompany Benton 's awesome voice are nothing short of perfect . You rock-n-roll fans -LRB- that includes me -RRB- may scoff at this music style , but given a fair chance Brook Benton will win you over ... I guarantee it !
 In his early years no one had a smoother sound than Brook
 No conoc&iacute;a a Brook Benton y me arriesgu&eacute; a pedir el Cd . Me gusta mucho y no me arrepiento de haberlo pedido
 Brook Benton has a timeless voice and the songs on this cd and sometimes funny - The Boll Weasel - and more often puts you in the mood for love . One of the best singers to ever record!Couple all this with the great price that the seller listed it for and it does n't get much better .
 I consider Brook Benton to be one of the great voices of my time -- his sound is smooth , like Nat King Cole . If I remember correctly , Mr. Benton worked in medical research along with Dr. Sulk to develop the Sulk Vaccine for Polio .
 I have some of these same tracks on another , cheaper CD , and the sound quality can not compare . This one is much , much , better.I did think it was sort of mean that they mentioned `` Dill Pickles '' in the insert notes but did n't put it on the CD . Pbbbt .
 this band is a blast ! their music is fresh and fun 50 's punk that will keep you hummin ' for days . i highly recommend `` Bam Bam Bam '' if you 're looking for a good time ...
 junior varsity is an insanely hilarious 50 's style pop-punk band with female vocals . this album is upbeat and light-hearted , and sugessted for fans of the ramones , huntingtons , or riverdales . songs on this album range from ditties about boys to the tale of the singer 's brother buying them some liquor before sundown . this album is great to have if you are a fan of any sort of joke-rock . this band is great , and i hear they play elementary school assemblies . that should be enough reason right there to buy this cd .
 Such a great collection of high energy rockabilly , punk and high school garage - this is why I got into bands as a kid . If you do n't find yourself singing `` Poppa Burger '' all day you 're not human . If you hate self-indulgent singer-songwriters , pomp rock bands and love the Ramones , Jan and Dean , 5,6,7,8 's , early Shonen Knife or early Clash you 'll LOVE this . Highly recommended.Please Junior Varsity , reclaim your title as the only band worthy of the name and give us another CD .
 This CD is quite a bit different than these guys first CD , but it is the same in that every single song is worth listening to . This CD is a little more mellow than the first , but is still very upbeat . This is one of my favorite albums , it just doesnt get old .
 This is a most excellent album . I totally loved these guys first album , and thought this album is quite different I like it just as much . Every song is extremely good and yet they are all different . This is perhaps my favorite album , and I listen to a lot of Christain music . I do n't know of any one who I have had listen to this album that did n't like it . Buy this one !
 One word describes this CD
 Geirr Tveitt did n't just collect folk songs from the Hardanger fjord , location of his family 's farm for hundreds of years -- he invested them with a universal humanity and transformed them with his compositional genius into minature works of art.The first step of the transformation was with these piano settings . A brilliant concert pianist himself , Tveitt creates sounds you can hear nowhere else . Many of the pieces depend on subtle harmonics that sound best if you play the music yourself and feel them through your hands.The second step was the orchestral settings of many of the same pieces . Here , a Franco-Teutonic sense of orchestration produces lushness and drama equal to the talents of Richard Strauss and Ravel combined.Experience the transformation yourself by buying the piano versions and then obtaining the Naxos versions of the Orchestral Suites . You will not be disappointed !
 Tveitt is a relative unknown , but I 'm not sure why . His music and solutions to various problems of tonality are immensely evocative . These piano transcriptions from folk-songs he culled from travels around parts of Norway are simply beautiful . This disc and its sister volume are , unfortunately , sort of hard to track down . I ca n't recommend it more .
 Though the majority of his music was lost in a fire in 1970 , the resurgence of interest in the music of the Norwegian composer Geirr Tveitt has led to many works once thought lost being unearthed . Now , Marco Polo 's two-disc survey of his piano music was released before the Tveitt resurrection hit the ground running and ended up containing -LRB- a selection of -RRB- the music already known to have survived , and the majority was given to his 50 Folk-tunes from Hardanger - his own compositions interleaved with genuine folk music in a manner not entirely dissimilar from Bart&oacute;k 's collections of piano miniatures . The first volume contains , quite simply , the first 37 miniatures , with the remainder being coupled with other Tveit works on volume 2 . Now , BIS and Naxos have at present both released his -LRB- extant -RRB- marvelous four orchestral suites , Hundred Folk-tunes from Hardanger -LRB- not a 100 by the way -RRB- on two discs each , and one may naturally wonder what the relationship is between the orchestral works and these piano works . Turns out that it is slightly complex . Many of the pieces here appear in orchestral guise interspersed throughout the suites , but the suites also contain many numbers not found in piano format . There are also piano pieces that were not orchestrated , and as far as I can determine from a quick glance -LRB- to be honest , although I know and love the orchestral suites there are so many of these gems that one will have to excuse some confusion -RRB- , the ones that do not exist in orchestral versions among the pieces on this disc are tracks 4 , 6 , 8 , 9 , 13 , 15 , 17 , 18 , 22 , 24 , 25 , 29 , 36 and 37 . In any case , those who know Tveitt 's music know what to expect . The music is wonderful . Stylistically eclectic -LRB- though with a personal touch -RRB- , there are elements of Bart&oacute;k , Ravel , Grieg , Villa-Lobos and others here , but the thing that will immediately strike you is the resourcefulness and the almost undending repository of good ideas , interesting solutions , beautiful melodies , sprightly rhythms , and breathtaking tone painting -LRB- in miniature form -RRB- . The atmospheres and colors are immensely variegated , and range from glimpses of boisterous parties , through vast , snowy mountain plains , stirringly atmospheric meditations at sunset , clucking creeks rushing off mountain cliffs into the fiords far below , and - in fact - the whole gamut of pictorial and existential impressions from the relationship between human and nature.Hvard Gimse is generally a successful advocate , and particularly so in the more reflective pieces , with plenty of color and a wide range of ways to convey the moods . One could perhaps object that he is just a tad hesitant in the wilder pieces , but it generally strikes one as a valid interpretive choice rather than a failure - still , it means that the contrasts between the individual numbers often come across as somewhat subtler than I think the composer intended . The recorded sound is very good as well -LRB- not always the case with Marco Polo -RRB- , and overall this is an easily recommended release , even though those who are still unfamiliar with the composer should turn to the orchestral suites first .
 The great enigma that is Howard Jones
 If you go to a multi acts retro concert and each act has just enough time to do their greatest hits , the set list could be something like this collection.The Essentials is just that - nothing more . No frills like extra tracks , rarities , b sides or remixes . You get Howard Jones ' best known songs - New Song , What Is Love ? Like To Get To Know You Well , Things Can Only Get Better , Life In One Day , No One Is To Blame and more.The sound quality is excellent and this reminds me why the 80s still rocks !
 Howard Jones had some great songs in the 80s and they are all here on this album , just bought back so many memories , great sounding and great songs !!!
 A succinct document that provides ample evidence for Mr. Jones and his persistent popularity.You will laugh at how many of these songs you know.Seriously.Lyrics came out of my mouth that I have n't thought of in 20 years ... it was almost creepy.Half of the album comes from his two big hit albums -LRB- which should be remastered and re-released by now , should n't they ? Rhino , hello ? -RRB- and they were deserved hits . This is an amalgamation of teeny-bop New Wave and funky dance pop that sounds like everything that was on the radio at the time . `` New Song '' , `` What Is Love '' and `` Pearl In The Shell '' -LRB- off album # 1 -RRB- and `` Like To Get Know You Well '' , `` Things Can Only Get Better '' , `` Look Mama '' and `` Life In One Day '' -LRB- off # 2 -RRB- are , like it or not , genre/era classics . `` No One Is To Blame '' here is the infinitely preferable , though less popular , original album version . The drum-tastic Phil Collins version is not here ... The remaining tunes are pleasant enough , although they fail to hit the highs of that first salvo of songs.It 's a brief collection
 If you appreciate celebrating originality and songs that actually say something , then this collection is for you . This selection includes many of his greatest hits from the 1980s . It 's great to know that he 's still around making more records . He 's a gem !
 There was a time , back in the early nineties , when Slap-A-Ham Records was probably the best hardcore label on the planet . Even amidst the classic Neanderthal , `` Bllleeaaauuurrgghhh '' compilation 7 `` s , No Comment and so on releases , the Crossed Out 7 '' and their split 7 '' with Man Is The Bastard alongside the near-unplayable split 5 '' with Drop Dead and numerous compilation tracks , stood out as being a tad special.They were clearly in debt to the late 80s masters of uber-fast hardcore like Infest , No Comment and Pissed Happy Children/Neanderthal , who themselves owed a great deal to the likes of Void , Siege , Deep Wound and Septic Death , but their own brand of buzzing brutality , which would go on to be tagged `` power-violence '' , was of such a high quality and distinct enough that they sounded unique . It 's because of this that they 're now considered part of ultra-fast , ultra-aggressive hardcore time-line in which the above bands sit like kings , being fed grapes and fanned with palm leaves by exotic beauties . `` Power-violence '' is an apt title for the music on this disc , but i 'm also fond of the term `` gym teacher hardcore '' . I once told a friend they sound like Infest being played by Big Black and it 's a comparison that i still stick by . Despite the fact we 're dealing with spurts of vigorous , high-speed , minimal hardcore here , the music sounds so taut and military drill-time precise , the band always firmly in control of what they 've unleashed . It 's perhaps ironic that more than a few bands from the Slap-A-Ham/Power-Violence scene were extremely fine and even classically trained musicians.For newer fans of grind-core this is essential . Fans of Will Haven or Converge should check this out , as should those fond of bone-headed mosh-core or Discharge-stylee crust-core . Even , i imagine , an aficionado of the most aggressive metal would wet their grubby cargo pants over Crossed Out . If you end up liking this i 'd also recommend `` drop dead '' by Siege and the No Comment discography , which includes their jaw-dropping `` downsided '' 7 '' . Now , if only Deep Six would finally get around to putting out those damn Infest , Neanderthal discography cd 's .
 MY REVIEW OF ` GOSPEL COUNTRY ' PRETTY WELL SUMS UP MY REVIEW OF THIS CD.THIS CD HAS THE SAME COUNTRY CHURCH FLAVOR.IT REMINDS ONE OF ` DINNER ON THE GROUNDS ` OF THE OLD TIME RELIGION AND OLD TIME GOSPEL SINGING-WHERE PEOPLE WERE NOT AFRAID TO SAY'PRAISE THE LORD ' DURING THE MUSIC . ONE OF MY FAVORITES IS ` THE BAPTISM OF JESSE TAYLOR ' , WHICH IS A WONDERFUL STORY IN ITSELF.THIS SONG IS WHAT THIS CD IS ALL ABOUT -- SALVATION -- GETTING SAVED . I ALSO LIKED CONNIE SMITH DOING ` JESUS IS YOUR TICKET TO HEAVEN . ' I CAN SEE A CONGREGATION OF CHURCH MERMBERS SINGING ` THERE IS POWER IN THE BLOOD . ' MANY TIMES AN INDIVIDUAL WILL GET UP AND SING A SOLO . I CAN CLOSE MY EYES AND RELIVE BEAUTIFUL CHURCH EXPERIENCES WHEN I LISTEN TO THESE CDS.NINE TIMES OUT OF TEN THE SOLO SINGERS WERE SPIRIT FILLED , BUT EVERY NOW AND AND THEN A MEMBER WILL GET UP AND SAY , ` DO NOT LISTEN TO THE WAY I SIMG IT , LISTEN TO THE WORDS . ` RIGHT THEN I KNOW HE WILL BUTCHER THE SONG , BECAUSE HE HAD NOT PREPARED.BUT PEOPLE ARE STRIVING AND THAT IS WHY WE HAVE THE CHURCH AND GOSPEL HYMNS.GOOD MUSIC . ---------- RICHARD BENNETT-FITZGERALD , GA
 I listened to this CD multiple times and I never got tired of it . I 'm serious I even experienced several * astral projections * because it perfectly resonates to deep relaxation centers and it 's hard to explain but it 's gorgeous and incredible . I call this album `` mind candy '' because it gives me most delicious sensations and I `` go under '' very quickly and experience profound deep relaxation - to the point I really did have astral projections . It 's the most amazing albumn I have EVER heard and I own a lot of CDs of this genre . THIS ALBUM IS THE ONE TO GET YOU WO N'T BE SORRY - it 's simply FANTASTIC BEYOND DESCRIPTION !!!
 Maya is an extraordinary sojourn into breathtaking timelessness.The healing benefits of `` Being '' with this rare album can not be put intowords - but must be experienced.Sue StebbinsSuccesswaves.comExperience Your Breakthrough
 Although two discs , Eno and Schwalm contribute to just one , and their music lasts about thirty minutes . For the hardened Eno fan this might seem something of a rip off . However taken as a whole , the Japanese music on disc one is a real eye opener , and the counterpoint of Western electronic music against music utilising traditional Japanese musical materials is , I think , a satisfying one . Not being cogniscent of Japanese music , I can only really talk about the Eno/Schwalm . Not only that , all the sleevenotes about the Japanese music are in , well , Japanese ... The music itself seems to be an extension of the Kiasma Museum installation `` Kite Stories '' , but richer , perhaps , and with much FM synthesis to the fore . `` Faraway Suns '' carries on where `` Saint Tom '' left off , `` Little Lights '' sounds like a more electronic `` On Land '' , while `` Star Gods '' sounds like it would be at home in a traditional electro-acoustic music concert . If this is what he 's getting up to with Schwalm , their forthcoming release should be very interesting indeed . The cover art , by the way , is fabulous .
 Interestingly , there are critics who are not very happy with the amount of time that Brian Eno and Peter Schwalm contributed to this release . The misunderstanding regarding the content of this 2-CD set is understandable however . This title does come up when a search for CDs by Brian Eno or Peter Schwalm is performed , so therefore , folks might think that they are getting a Brian Eno and/or Peter Schwalm CD.But that is not the case here . What you are getting is traditional Japanese Heian music , which is what comprises the 74-minute first disc . The Heian period in Japanese history was from 794 to 1192 A.D. . This is indeed an eye-opener for those who are musically adventurous -LRB- and I would think such would be the case for any fan of Brian Eno 's music -RRB- . That leaves the 28-minute second disc . According to the liner notes , Brian Eno states his intention to create an alternate musical universe on disc two ... one that is not necessarily Japanese in sound , but one that could have conceivably coexisted with Heian music . In that regard , and taken in that context , they have succeeded admirably well . In fact , I can not imagine listening to disc two without having listened to disc one first . Together , they make an integral package and should be regarded as such.That said , why is disc two only 28 minutes long ? Perhaps it was all that was required . Why is it so expensive ? Because it is a Japanese import , and like other Japanese imports , the price tag is not unusual . The packaging is pretty spectacular as well.Is this a good `` introduction '' to Brian Eno 's music ? Considering the price tag and length of the Eno 's contribution , the answer is no . On the other hand , this release is not just for `` completists '' either . Certainly , listening to both discs with an open mind will yield a mind-opening experience .
 Eno and Schwalm have created a rare musical space populated by alien diva 's -LRB- Faraway Suns -RRB- , mythological star gods -LRB- i.e. Star Gods -RRB- , and songs of dreams -LRB- Six Small Pictures , Connecting Heaven to Earth , Little Lights and the Milky Way -RRB- . The journey is well are worth taking .
 I got this cd and when i first heard this cd i fell in love with it has my favorite songs on it If i could I would give it 10 stars
 IT Great sound from all artists on this album
 Spanning three decades and featuring singles from the Sex Pistols , Public Image Limited , Lydon 's post-PiL solo career and a couple of collaborations with other artists , `` The Best of British One Pound Notes '' is a must for any John Lydon fan -- particularly if you want to hear the highlights of PiL 's spotty later albums . -LRB- Yes , this collection is very PiL-intensive , but that 's only natural since the group was around from 1978 to 1992 , and since they had so many first-rate songs . -RRB- Very nice single-disc career retrospective ! My only complaint has to do with the edits necessary to fit all this music onto one CD . The `` fools and horses '' verse has been cut from the conclusion of ` Disappointed ' , one of my all-time favorite PiL songs , and I 'm ... well , disappointed :-LRB- Otherwise , `` Best of British One Pound Notes '' is a pleasure to hear from start to finish .
 The 2-CD version of this album may cover mostly familiar terrain for fans - there is one new solo track , Rabbit Song - but it is an interesting overview of John Lydon 's career , with a heavy emphasis on Public Image Ltd.The first disc - also released as its own album - has a trio of tracks from the Sex Pistols -LRB- Anarchy in the UK , Holidays in the Sun , God Save the Queen -RRB- , while loading up on PiL -LRB- 13 tracks -RRB- , with two songs as a solo artist -LRB- Sun , Rabbit Song -RRB- and a pair of collaborative efforts -LRB- with Leftfield and Time Zone -RRB- . Disc two also provides a healthy dose of PiL - 10 tracks , including four remixes - and a remix each of Open Up -LRB- w/Leftfield -RRB- and the punk classic from the Sex Pistols , God Save the Queen.Though the collection lacks the unearthing of previously unreleased tracks from a dusty vault , it is a solid set when taking into account that a number of albums in the PiL catalog are out-of-print , which makes many songs virtually impossible to find on CD .
 Surprisingly consistent , but for completists , redundantI was warned by reading an interview with Mr. Lydon himself that this compilation with the bonus disc was a situation where longtime fans had most of the material already and despite my hopes on the contrary , I did have most of this already having been a PiL fan since fourth grade -LRB- 1984 -RRB- and Sex Pistols fan thereafter -LRB- 1985 -RRB- . If you followed both bands , bought everything they ever put out and Lydon 's solo stuff and projects with Afrika Bambaataa -LRB- aka TimeZone -RRB- and Leftfield , then yeah , this is of no use to you outside of the one new song , which is the oldest trick in the book to pull on completists when releasing a best of -LRB- I happily fell for it -RRB- . If you are just dipping your toe in the water and want to see what all the fuss is about over some middleaged bugeyed Irish singer with goofy hair , welcome to the party but at the same time , what took you so long , ya tosspot?That said , it 's not a chronological best of . Pistols/PiL/Solo material mingle freely . This is like what you might make if you did a John Lydon career spanning mix disc -LRB- or , if you prefer , technowhore , uploaded into your MP3 player -RRB- and no surprise here , it 's better than 99 % of the dross out there on FM , XM , BBC , CBC , or however you get your music . An already genre-stretching performer , thanks to the running order of the tracks , throws all boundaries out the window and the world is a better place for it , you 'd better believe it.It 's a fine place to start , unless you 're a fatty oldie like me , then you 've been born too soon , matey.Signed , epsteinsmutha
 Since the word m&eacute;lodrama has vanished of our vocabulary , it is not easy today to appreciate BERTHE SYLVA , the singing queen of the genre in FRANCE.This collection does not include all her hits : FROU FROU and DU GRIS and a few others are not in the selection.LES ROSES BLANCHES was voted years ago in a survey as FRANCE 's all time favorite song.ON N ' A PAS TOUS LES JOURS VINGT-ANS is also a famous song that our grandmothers used to sing.It is interesting to notice that the melody of LE TANGO DES FAUVETTES was also used for a MISTINGUETT song : DANS LES BOUGES LA NUIT.This may not figure among your desert island discs , but for it 's price , it 's worth it .
 With this 5 track cd single you get -LRB- of course -RRB- `` Music : Response '' , the best track from Surrender . You get the Brothers messing around on their drum machines with `` Freak of the Week , '' a strong b-side that 's better than many tracks on Surrender . Have you noticed how their bonus tracks tend to be the banging numbers they were known for ? Next up is `` Enjoyed , '' probably an early version of `` Out of Control , '' but superior thanks to reverbed sitars and a lack of Sumner vocals . It ends with two remixes of `` Music : Response , '' the Gentleman Thief mix , and Futureshock main response . The Thief mix is receiving a lot of press , thanks to the southern/latin spin -LRB- very similar to Crystal Method 's `` Comin ' Back - the Light 's southern grits mix . -RRB- . '' But it 's the progressive mix by Futureshock that works better , even if it is a fairly obvious attempt.The original , two quality bonus tracks , two good remixes ... this is how you release a CD single . You ca n't go wrong with this .
 If you 're a fan of this band or any of the related bands -LRB- Field Mice , Trembling Blue Stars , any Sarah records band -RRB- this is definatly a release for you . Most of these b-sides and comp tracks are very rare at this point and tough to track down . The songs that did n't appear on the albums were just as good as the ones that did . Twee as f**k !!!
 i have wanderlust album prize . this new album is great power po
 I first stumbled across this CD at a yard sale . It was an obvious duplicate with `` MESA SUNRISE '' messily scrawled across the disc . I took it home and listened . WOW ! This is some kind of awesome ! I normally prefer my `` native '' music very natural with basic drums and flute . However , if you like a superb `` techno '' twist to yours , this is the CD for you ! I had to have it `` for real '' so of course I found and ordered it on AMAZON . I listen to it often . It is truly amazing ! Track 3 will absolutely BLOW YOUR MIND !!!! -LRB- Especially with headphones ! -RRB- -LRB- I know it says this item has been discontinued by the manufacturer , but there are still some out there . Amazon hooked me up ! Get yours while you can ! -RRB-
 I first became aware of John 's music when I worked at the Monterey Bay Aquarium , and have been a huge fan ever since.I love the quiet beauty of this album . It reminds me of walking in a pueblo as the sky grew dark , and sand blew fiercely against my face before I took cover . All around me was quiet and there was magic in the air .
 Mesa Sunrise
 This is by far my favorite album John Huling has done . Sometimes I play it to relax & unwind , sometimes to find calm & distraction from the day . Many times I 'd play this to fall to sleep too - allowing my thoughts and feelings to drift with the music . BEAUTIFUL
 Wrongfully overshadowed by Dave Brubeck 's name , Paul Desmond sadly never achieved the notoriety he deserved . Although very well known among Jazz enthusiasts , Desmond 's playing merits far greater exposure . Like the other great horn men , you could pick Desmond out of a thousand-horn line up , after hearing just a couple notes . Greats like Getz , Lester Young and Coleman Hawkins had a sound all their own . Desmond did as well , and every bit as much as these , but his name is rarely included in the books . This album shows the sad lilt , the melancholy loneliness , and the ` hopeful-but-know-better ' melody lines of Paul , and better than any other recording of him that I know . `` Glad to be unhappy '' is without a doubt , my favorite song on the planet . Paul 's trying to be happy , but never with any success . You can actually HEAR this crushingly beautiful occurance on the title track . When I hear Des , no matter where I am or how I 'm feeling , it 's raining outside , it 's the hazy past all over again , Des standing next to a window pain with beads of rain running down it , and he blows notes calling out for the kind of help that is not possible . I could n't recommend a more beautiful album .
 One of my projects for this summer has been to convert my collection of treasured albums to CDs . I loved Paul Desmond , with or without Dave Brubeck , growing up in the sixties and I love him still . His style , tone , phrasing was , for me the epitome of alto sax playing . On this CD particularly he has the ability to convey the agony of lost love and loneliness through the lilt of an alto sax that Frank Sinatra did with his voice . Paul Desmond was the type of artist that comes around once in a lifetime and what a gift he was !
 There is nothing to complain about concerning this album . Desmond lives up to his self-imposed `` slowest alto player '' -- playing slow tempos with long spaces between notes . Truth be told , the real standout on this recording is Jim Hall , who plucks away on guitar with superb technique . A nice outing by Desmond and Hall.Paul Desmond -LRB- alto sax -RRB- Jim Hall -LRB- guitar -RRB- Gene Wright -LRB- bass -RRB- Gene Cherico -LRB- bass -RRB- track 5Connie Kay -LRB- drums -RRB-
 Walter Jackson was one of the most expressive and emotionally charged singers of our time . Each song on Automatic Lover is heart felt and deeply connecting to any soul . The track `` Forgetting Someone '' will leave an impression within you , that you will never forget . If there was ever an album to have in your special collection , Automatic Lover is a MUST .
 Excellent Service . Fab CD . If you have never heard Walter Jackson sing then that is why you probably do n't have any of his cd 's yet . Phenomenal !
 If I were granted a wish to be able to sing like anyone in the world , I would instantly choose Walter Jackson . The man has an amazing voice , and he sings with such sincerity . His voice can be both powerful , and tender , at the same time . His vocals evokes feelings , and tells stories in such endearing ways.On the Good To See You cd , the song ` I Wo n't Remember Ever Loving You ' , has been knocking me out ever since it came out in 1978 . It is such a Pretty song -LRB- it breaks my heart -RRB- , and it builds to a peak from which I find myself looking Down on stars . Oooooo ... ! The song is a warm part of my Life , and it alone had made it hard for me to venture onto the other tracks on the album - I just had to replay it over and over and ... . I eventually found that there were other nice tracks , also.For me , ` I Wo n't Remember Ever Loving You ' is the gem of the cd - and one of the gems of all-Time - and is worth the price , just by itself.Excuse me while I go play that song one more time ... again !
 This album was my first introduction to Steve Coleman . It is simply amazing in both its complexity and groove , which it does in every song . Mr. Coleman used to offer transcriptions of his compositions . I do n't believe he does so any more . Too bad , because some heads boggle the brain while keeping you fascinated and attentive . Marvin `` Smitty '' Smith 's drumming is on top of the beat , never missing , and some grooves you 'll want to imitate if you 're a musician.I have heard many of Mr. Coleman 's other recordings but this remains my favorite . Do whatever you can to find it ! It 's amazing to me that it is out-of-print .
 Nothing like showing up late to a party ... I 'm the third of three reviewers here , the second to simply say `` KDC '' has already nailed it - Rhythmically speaking this is one of the most incredible albums I 've ever heard . Marvin `` Smitty '' Smith is the driving force behind most of the songs here . Incredible . The rest of the cast find their muse in Coleman 's compelling arrangements and Smith 's persistent support and creativity.I 'm not really a fan of vocals -LRB- of any sort -RRB- in my jazz , but I love Cassandra Wilson 's relationship with Coleman 's music ; used as an additional instrument , with melodic vocalizations rather than singing some vapid , pretentious lyrics . -LRB- see early Bill Bruford albums with Allan Holdsworth , ruined by Annette Peacock 's vocals -RRB- I 'll also echo the tragedy of this disc being out of print . I got it used at a very good price from an Amazon seller . If you are a fan of Coleman 's on any level , PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do yourself a favor and buy this a.s.a.p. Brilliant stuff .
 This is also my favorite Steve Coleman album . I bought it in a used cd store in 1993 , and this remains my favorite avant-guard jazz albums.It is remarkable this one is out of print . I keep searching for it on amazon mp3 hoping it will find new life in the age of digital downloads.It will be tragic if this album becomes lost in time . KDC 's review captures the essence and expresses exactly how I feel about it.The rhythms and melodies are complex and challenging , but at the same time the music is curiously accessible . It challenges you to listen and then draws you into hypnotic grooves . There is nothing else I have heard like this one .
 Texas tenor saxophonist Arnett Cobb 's `` Movin ' Right Along '' was recorded the day after his excellentMore Party Timeon February 17 , 1961 , and features the same band too -- Bobby Timmons on piano , Sam Jones on bass , Art Taylor on drums and Buck Clark on conga . -LRB- One track , `` Fast Ride , '' is from 2/16/61 and has Tommy Flanagan replacing Timmons and Danny Barrajanos replacing Clark . Amusingly , `` More Party Time '' also has one track from 2/17 -- why did n't they just put all the 16th songs on one album and all the 17th ones on the other ? -RRB- If you like your jazz laden with the blues , with plenty of lone star state swagger , then this is your kind of party . But you 'll need to move right along and get this CD if you are interested , it is quickly going out-of-print .
 I really enjoy this album -- there really is nothing to compare it to in my opinion . I first heard it on our local high school radio station and had to go out and buy it . Her lyrics are political , socially relevent , optimistic , spiritual , and opinionated . Evolution relates the WTO events which took place in Seattle several years ago and contain some hard hitting lyrics . Seperation is a great song about race and diversity presented in a way few of us consider . Although I like all the songs , my favorites are
 I 'm getting tired of this damn word postrock , can I just abbreviate it now ? -LRB- how about a new phrase ? -RRB- well most music is genre-less , but this music reeks of Tortoise -LRB- I think one member is from Aerial M -RRB- . On first listen , I was very very impressed . I thought to myself how happy I was that I was not wasting time obsessing over other post-Tortoise groups like Fridge , and now I could rave about this one to all my friends . But on repeated listens , it wore thin . It 's more of the same as those instruments-mimicking-samplers groups , but this is really bordering on the electronic fringe . It 's futuristic , no doubt ... that 's the primary reason I enjoy it I must say . It hints that something beautiful is forming in our society . Something is bubbling up in the music ; I bet they could be really good and fun live -LRB- if only indie people danced like the hippies and ravers do ! -RRB- However , what I really enjoy now , after repeated listens , is the textures and layers of the instruments utilized to achieve some of the perspectives . Repeated piano riffs bordering on banging because they 're so hidden under organs and guitars ... I love microtextures , and this has it . However , if you 're looking for sheer beauty , try something else like Do Make Say Think or Tarentel .
 Just plain great . Temporary Residence ceases to amaze me with each release , and this is no exception .
 Though the majority of his music was lost in a fire in 1970 , the resurgence of interest in the music of the Norwegian composer Geirr Tveitt has led to many works once thought lost being unearthed . Now , Marco Polo 's two-disc survey of his piano music was released before the Tveitt resurrection really got going -LRB- at least on disc -RRB- and ended up containing -LRB- a selection of -RRB- the music already known to have survived . The majority was taken up by his 50 Folk-tunes from Hardanger - his own compositions interleaved with genuine folk music in a manner not entirely dissimilar from Bart&oacute;k 's collections of piano miniatures . The first volume contained the first 37 miniatures , and the second volume starts off with the remaining thirteen . The collection formed the basis for his absolutely marvelous Hundred Folk-tunes from Hardanger for orchestra , though many of the orchestral pieces do not exist in piano format and some of the piano pieces were never orchestrated -LRB- if I am not entirely mistaken the latter group includes tracks 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 8 and 11 on this disc -RRB- . Those who know Tveitt 's music know what to expect
 The CD contains the following pieces : Ottorino Respighi - Toccata for Piano & Orchestra 21:23 minsSergei Rachmaninoff - Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini Op. 43 21:18 minsAlfredo Casella - Partita for Piano & Orchestra 29:07 minsI will concentrate my review on the Paganini section of the album -LRB- because that 's the reason I bought it -RRB- This contains a medley of pieces from Paganini 's `` 24 Caprices '' , with the piano & orchestra replacing the solo violin.Rachmaninoff uses `` No 24 in A minor '' -LRB- it was used as the theme tune to the UK art 's show , `` The South Back Show '' -RRB- as a connecting piece that he returns to throughout the medley , much in the same way The Who uses `` See me , Feel Me '' throughout Tommy -LRB- It 's classed as an opera so pack you moaning ! -RRB- . The work starts off with pretty much a solo piano , then slowly builds to the entire orchestra banging away.It 's a great interpretation of the `` Pag-Mans '' work , but I still prefer to here it on violin , maybe this is because you can hear the human tough with this particular instrument , or maybe because I like guitar based music , I have a closer connection with the violin.The Casella piece has a great soundtrack feel to it , almost Sci-Fi -LRB- I know all you Classic buffs are going to be pulling your hair out at such a un-articulate description , but I 'm afraid that 's how my brain works ! -RRB- Still ca n't complain , it only cost a couple of quid !
 With their gypsy charm and adhesive melody , AM comes back with an album that outstands in its category . It has the characteristic invitation to the dance floor that is Signature from these sisters . It is enjoyable from begining to end . However I do have to press the repeat button when I 'm listening `` Ni contigo ni sin ti '' -LRB- Neither with you or without you -RRB- This amazing disco style tune will take you on a journey of swinging and ... booty shaking ? , enhanced by the cords of the orchestra ; AM experiments in a Jamiroquai territory , to prove that they can equal -LRB- if not outbest -RRB- others in this category . I very much share the same opinion from the person who wrote the previous review for this CD for the exception of what was written about the closing track ... The perfectly fitted lirics and the overall rhythm of this song makes me forgive the annoying intro ... If you like latin music , having this CD is a must . Hopefully we will hear more from them in the US .
 I 've been an Az&uacute;car Moreno fan ever since their Eurovision Song Contest hit `` Bandido '' 12 years ago which has been followed by one album after the other , so excellent that I 've been thinking `` They can not possibly make it again - this time it 's probably gon na go the other way ! '' ... only to be proved wrong - again ! And on their 11th -LRB- ! -RRB- album The Salazar sisters really do it again ! The opening track `` B&eacute;same '' -LRB- Kiss Me -RRB- is classic latino pop , nothing more to say about that . `` Volver&iacute;a a nacer '' -LRB- I 'd Be Reborn -RRB- is a grand Italy-esque ballad which I like very much . The mambo track `` Tequila '' delivers 100 % party feel whereas `` Quiero pecar en ti '' -LRB- I Wan na Sin In You -RRB- show their strength on ballads again . `` Habbibi , te quiero '' -LRB- Habbibi -LRB- Arabian -RRB-
 Yes ... they came back stronger than ever , with songs that will give a blast to any latin music listener ; with their characteristic sensual lirics and adhesive rhythm . Its one of the very few CD 's I like to listen from begining to end.With songs like `` Besame '' , `` Tequila '' , my very favorite songs are `` Hay que matar a la muerte '' because of its contagious beat , `` Ni contigo ni sin ti '' that makes me swing with its unique disco sound and `` hueles a noche de amor ... ''
 I first started listening to Azucar Moreno through a friend in New York a long time ago ... This is exciting music , and you do n't have to understand Spanish to get into the party feeling of this music ... flamenco , latin pop , whatever you want to call it . Every album seems to have one standout pop booty shaker ... I think Tequila claims this title , but Besame is cool , and Tu Eres Para Mi is Funky Cool , and Hay Que Matar a la Muerte pops with energy .
 Evocative of , yet arguably exeeding , the lyrics of Bob Dylan 's Time Out Of Mind and the master musicianship of Wide Spread Panic 's Ai n't Life Grand , The First Sally melds rock with funk and country in a challenging , roaring , at times careening , completely enjoyable musical experience . The album captures the energy of one of the best live acts in the West . Trevor Clendenin and Chris Sheldon 's vocals take center stage amidst musicianship pushed to the limits on such Sally staples as Cadillac , Cowboy Vai , and especially the Denver radio favorite Porno Music . Do - not - miss the chance to listen to this first work from Colorado 's best rock and roll band . Also check out the Sally 's website for tour dates throughout the Mountain West and for a release date on thier soon forthcoming second album .
 If you like old Miles Davis , buy this concert before it goes out of print -LRB- most do -RRB- . It 's expensive , but i 'm so glad I own this show ... Here it is
 On page 249 of the autobiography , Miles recounts driving around Philly with Jimmy Heath , recalling that he `` probably was complaining to him about Sonny Stitt playing the wrong -LSB- stuff -RSB- on ` So What , ' because he would always -LSB- mess -RSB- up on that tune . `` The marvel is that Miles called on Sonny to replace Coltrane in the first place . But Wayne Shorter wanted to remain a bit longer with Art Blakey , so the most complete and polished bebop player of them all , a saxophonist embodying , but not extending beyond , the previous tradition took the coveted chair . Until these recordings came to light -- of a 1960 Paris concert in October -LRB- there 's an earlier Paris date the same year , only with Coltrane -RRB- -- it was assumed the Stitt edition of Miles ' group had never been recorded.So now we know what Miles was talking about . Sonny 's musical style -- about melodic `` formulas '' and rhythmic/harmonic `` closure '' -- is clearly `` wrong '' for Miles , but not necessarily for Sonny . On all of the tunes , including the modal `` So What , '' Sonny `` locks '' into the time , much like a Coleman Hawkins , and plays `` within '' the harmonies of the tune , coming back to the tonic note at every opportunity . Miles if anything overplays , as though he 's determined to rub Sonny 's nose in the new music until he gets it . Sonny will have none of it . He counter-punches with his very best shots , exhausting the melodic/harmonic vocabulary inherited from Bird and Diz . The result is a dazzling display of disparate pyrotechnics -- perhaps the last time Miles would play this aggressively on record . For my money , this quintet is more exciting , perhaps even breath-taking , than the Shorter-Hancock-Carter-Williams unit that would soon succeed it.A few caveats
 My wife and I have thoroughly enjoyed this CD . Excellent condition , packaged well , more than expected .
 This is a terrific Bear Family project -- a wonderful compilation of excellent East Texas singer 's Capitol Records sides -LRB- late ' 40 's / early ' 50 's -RRB- . He draws from the Western swing tradition of Bob Wills and Spade Cooley , but also has some of the simpler , heartfelt honky tonk approach of Hank Williams , and a very nice . expressive tenor voice . He 's best known for the hit `` I Love You Because , '' but the whole album has gems that are worth hearing . Excellent , detailed booklet too and interesting bio . George Jones recorded a whole album of Payne 's songs , Wilie Nelson cites him as significant early influence and you can see why he 's esteemed . This guy is fantastic -- I wish/hope more of his work gets released !!!
 It is our good fortune this collection exists to showcase the tragically ignored Payne . His songs have thankfully lived on in other artists ' recordings , but his own versions are more than worth hearing and on occasion , revelatory . If you are interested in the music part of country music you will care about Leon Payne .
 Former Yes members Patrick Moraz -LRB- keyboards
 If you want your music to read like a Grisham novel , do n't buy this CD . If you want your music to read like a Faulkner novel , buy this CD . Music for Piano and Drums is well worth the effort required to get the most out of it . Other reviews of this CD suggest it is good , relaxing music . I have to disagree . The music is quite moving when you get to know it . If you have patience and an open mind , Bruford and Moraz do not let you down . There second collaborative effort , Flags , does not have the complexity and creativity that this CD has . It is more of a `` relaxing '' release . On first , second , third , fourth and fifth listen MFPAD sounds like you may have bought something without a `` hook '' or `` theme . '' Hang in there and you will become a member of the `` progressive '' jazz/rock movement . Welcome .
 This same remastered & expanded CD is available direct from Bruford 's web site -LRB- shipped and seviced by DGM in the USA -RRB- for a LOT less money than the price here -LRB- so is `` Flags '' -RRB- . Also , when you order direct , you get a free sampler CD . The 2nd CD contains eight Bruford tracks from various CD 's ; each track is followed by an audio interview/commentary from Bill.Unless you 're a fan of paying more and getting less , buy it from Bill !
 this music is a must listen for people who are piano 's lovers and appreciators . the music that stimulatives , bring relaxation and brillian all at onces
 Great CD music for the classic Gospel . Genuine songs featuring Jimmie Davis , former Governor of Louisiana . Will lift your spirits . Well worth the cost .
 This music takes me back to a more simple life in the Ozarks ... pure country singing without being drowned-out by instruments .
 First I just want to say , please please do n't stop making albums Vanessa , 'cause I just kept having this feeling that she 's one of those people who just stops at producing albums while her fans -LRB- like me -RRB- waits and finally give up hope -LRB- I mean , look at Evanescence , are they EVER gon na produce their second album ??? -RRB- . After hearing Be Not Nobody , -LRB- and I have to say that I do listen to music for its quality , not because my friends like it or if the singer is good-looking , and I picked up Be Not Nobody entirely on a whim , I have n't even heard A Thousand Miles on the radio because I do n't listen to the radio -RRB- I was very surprised at his girl 's talent . Many people compare her to Alicia Keys , saying that she 's living in Alicia 's shadows , and I could n't disagree more . I like her song MUCH better than Alicia Keys -LRB- and can I just say Alicia 's second album-UGH ! -RRB- and it has totally captured my heart with its well-blend of music and poetry . And I could n't be more happy with her sophmore album . It shows she grew up , and changed her style a bit , and made it kind of darker in a lighter way -LRB- I know that does n't make sense but it 's true -RRB- . Like Vanessa 's first album , her good songs are not necessarily her cover songs . Although I loved White Houses , but I loved Afterglow , Half A Day Before Winter , C'est La Vie , Papa and Wreckage more -LRB- sometimes equally -RRB- . Vanessa Carlton has serious talent , I heard she 's gon na have a third album out and I just ca n't wait !!!! If you like something different , poetic and enjoys adult alternative , you should serious get this album now if you have n't already !!!
 It would seem from the reviews that ` Harmonium ' has n't gone down too well in the US . Lucky you to be able to decide - It has n't even been released here yet and the date just gets pushed back and back!I bought my copy from Canada months ago and I have to say I really like it ; it grows on you insidiously , -LRB- it was the same with her first album ` Be Not Nobody ' and single ' A Thousand Miles ' was a big hit here -RRB- . Sure she 's quirky , with an individual voice , but we like that.So much UK music never really makes it in the US -LRB- and vice versa -RRB- , simply because it never gets played , but with the internet there is really no any excuse not to explore more widely . This is one of those albums!When it finally has a release over here the UK version of ` Harmonium ' promises a bonus cover version of ` Where The Streets Have No Name ' . That should be interesting ! Let 's put it this way - U2 -LRB- yes , I know that they are from Ireland and that it is not part of the UK -RRB- do n't have a reputation for licensing one of their songs to any wannabe that asks to do so . It is so refreshing to hear someone that has such unwavering faith in her music . Will her current record label stick with it I wonder ? If not then I 'm sure she will soon find another.Richard -LRB- Frome , Somerset , UK -RRB-
 After Vanessa 's first album , `` Be Not Nobody '' , I did n't think she could do much better . I was proven wrong . I got the Album on the first day it came out and i was amazed . It 's impossible to tell you what my favorite song was because they were all so awsome . As soon as i could , i sat down at my piano and started to figure out several of the songs . `` White houses '' , is a fresh piece written in c full of awsome chords and so much stuff going on it was amazing . `` Who 's to say '' was one of the ones i was working out , with 4 basic chords throughout the whole thing , its amazing how much Vanessa elaborated . `` Annie '' , had piano much like `` Wanted '' of her first album , but more complicated and laced with her classical style . `` San Fransisco '' has awesome piano as well , and a catchy melody . `` Afterglow '' , if i had to chose , would be my favorite . The piano is so catchy and the harmonies so rich that it has almost a tangible quality to it . `` Private Radio '' just makes me want to dance ! `` Half a week before the winter '' is so mysterious and shows a little more of vanessa 's darker side , and still of corse awesome piano . '' ` Cest la Vie '' just makes you move to the awesome progressions , with its hint of Jazz . `` Papa '' has awesome piano and a super catchy chorus . `` She floats '' has a delicate and moving quality with a legato flow to it . `` Wreakage '' , the bonus track , is also a taste of her darker side , fresh and mysterious , it makes me think of mist for some reason ... Well , in my opinion , `` Harmonium '' was a perfect follow up album to `` Be Not Nobody '' , and its a must have to your collection .
 I anticipated this CD for so long . I began to fear that I might be let down , and `` Harmonium '' would just be ` just another album . ' Oh but it 's not , it 's definately not.Vanessa blessed us with 11 tracks this time around . The first single `` White Houses '' is simply an amazing track . It 's had huge success on radio from Hot Adult Contemporary formats , to Popular Top 40 . The video was also very cool , Vanessa showcases her talents in dancing on the video.Other great songs on the album are , well , check the tracklisting . I ca n't pick out one song that I do n't like . Their all unique and original.The other great benefit of this album , is the `` Pleased To Meet You '' documentary as an enhanced feature of the CD . It 's a fairly lengthy video filled with Vanessa 's thoughts on the record , plenty of live material , and more .5 Stars , definately worth every penny . You wo n't get tired of this CD .
 For Vanessa Carlton fans , this album is a delight . It is musically much stronger than ` Be Not Nobody ' , and it really showcases Vanessa 's playing ability in certain songs . I feel that this album will probably not be as successful as her first release , simply because it is not as marketable from a radio standpoint . It does n't have as many strong singles as ` Be Not Nobody ' because there is more piano and less background music , making it sound more like easy listening than textured , brooding pop . ` White Houses ' is a great song , but not nearly as strong of a single as ' A Thousand Miles ' . The only reason for four stars is because you have to have a marketable second album if you want to make a third .
 The three main words i use to describe Vanessa 's follow up album is Beautiful , Powerful , and Sophisticated . Her voice has gotten so much better and matches perfectly with the music . The music itself is worth buying the CD because its so intense and captures you . The songs are also catchy , theyve been caught in my head since i got the CD . My fave tracks are White Houses , Who 's To Say , Private Radio , and C'est La Vie . I definitely recommend buying it , she has grown a lot since Be Not Nobody .
 Vanessa Carlton 's sophomore effort , Harmonium is a outstanding album . I did not care for her first album , Be Not Nobody . The only songs I did care for were Ordinary Day and A Thousand Miles . Here on Harmonium all 11 tracks are brillant , moody , and cool . Afterglow and Who 's To Say are my fave tracks , great ballads . Her boyfriend Stephen Jenkins -LRB- Third Eye Blind -RRB- helped produced this album and he did a fabulous job with the final result . C'est la vie and Private Radio are really strong uptempo songs . I love her paino playing on She Floats and The Wreckage . She shows great promise on San Fransico and the first single , White Houses . The best song is a tearjerker called Annie , the song is about a young girl dying , `` I 'd give my bones for you to get a few more years ... '' Papa and Half a week before the winter show Carlton 's growth as a songwriter and musician , `` He sits behind a desk of mahogany , he whispers dreams into my ear ... '' It 's a shame this album was n't commerically succesful like her first album because this could not be a better album . Harmonium is a hidden treasure , buy it now , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Ok , I know the title is a bit much , but I just feel strongly about Vanessa and her latest , the spectacular `` Harmonium . '' I am a huge fan -LRB- Nessaholic , as we call ourselves -RRB- and I have been since buying her equally amazing and highly recommended debut `` Be Not Nobody . '' It was the first album in my life that I ever really connected to ; I wrote a review of that one as well . Anyway , I believe Vanessa is the most underrated and underappreciated artist out there . Many dismiss her as a `` pop princess '' and do n't take her seriously , while others only like the side of her that does do pop music -LRB- `` A Thousand Miles '' , anyone ? -RRB- As for the general public , MTV , and radio , they have fallen prey to the `` Pop Princess '' syndrome . Much of Vanessa 's commercial downfall also can be blamed on Vanessa 's record label , who do only mediocre promotion of her work . But I 'm here to review the album , so let me end this rant right here . Onto the review of Vanessa 's dazzling sophomore CD `` HARMONIUM '' ... 1 . `` White Houses '' - A fantastic album opener and great choice for a first single . I believe this would 've been a hit if not for A&M ; 's pathetic promotion . Anyway , it 's a beautiful , catchy , and poignant song , reflecting on a young woman 's journey through adolescence and the loss of innocence . 10/102 . `` Who 's to Say '' - Another beautiful song with a great message . It is about a love that is not approved of by family , friends , or even the government , in the case of same-sex partnerships . Begins slow , then the drum beat kicks in and it morphs into an even more amazing tune that 'll blow you away . It sure did for me . Catchy , yet beautiful and meaningful all at the same time . Vanessa is no Britney Spears ; the song may be catchy , but not in a cheesy way . 10/103 . `` Annie '' - This one is perfect . BEAUTIFUL melody ; amazingly poetic and deep lyrics . Propelled by Vanessa 's refined and breathtaking piano playing , it grabs hold and does n't let go . Also , for those of you who say she can not sing , this song should prove you wrong . The notes Vanessa hits in this are effortless and so , so gorgeous . 10/104 . `` San Francisco '' - Vanessa is on a roll with yet another great melody . The bridge is particularly memorable . A grand , sweeping , and majestic song . 10/105 . `` Afterglow '' - The first real ballad on the album , it starts off with just Vanessa 's vocals and piano and a hint of strings . Then , after the first chorus , the beat hits , bringing with it the orchestra and bass . This song 's arrangement and the way it was put together is so wonderful . I love it . 10/106 . `` Private Radio '' - With this song , Vanessa perfectly combines darkness and catchiness . About insomnia , it has dark lyrics and a dark undertone , but the song 's sugary hooks keep it from getting too heavy handed . 10/107 . `` Half A Week Before The Winter '' - With this song , Vanessa breaks away from her beautiful and elegant pop songs and returns to a place of gothic darkness and majesty as heard in her previous album . This song has amazing lyrics that carry great imagery . In fact , the song 's entire atmosphere evokes bewitching , dark , and haunting emotion . A definite favorite . 11/108 . `` C'est La Vie '' - Oh , I love this song . My second favorite . The Fender Rhodes keyboard adds the perfect touch , and once again , Vanessa 's vocals shine . In the bridge , she swoops from low to high , back to low , and back to high again . It really shows off her beautiful and impressive vocal range . This is another awesome track that totally dispells the `` girl ca n't sing '' theory . 11/109 . `` Papa '' - Similar to `` Wanted '' from her debut album , but shorter . The length bothers me slightly , but it 's still a good song . Vanessa 's classical influence , particularly the composition of Debussy , really shows in this song . 10/1010 . `` She Floats '' - Oh , wow . What can I say . The album 's grand closer , it is sheer perfection . Everything about it is perfect . The melody , the arrangement , the vocals , the amazing piano ... god . It 's so incredible . The darkest and most gothic song on the album , it even contains a spooky choral element in the bridge , complete with a high , shrill , female scream . Without a doubt , my favorite song on the album , and possibly the best song she has ever written . 20/1011 . -LRB- HIDDEN TRACK -RRB- `` The Wreckage '' - A short , simple song , it 's the album 's hidden track . Dark and oozing with passion . Great , evocative lyrics . I only wish it could 've been longer ... but overall , I give it a 10/10 . Well , there you have it . A spectacular sophomore effort from Vanessa ; she never fails to deliver . I look forward to her third album , coming out around Winter 2006 . Someday the world will realize and appreciate the awe-inspiring talent of Vanessa Carlton , and when that day comes , us Nessaholics can be proud of sticking by our girl and believing in her.I have let this go on far too long already , but I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this album . `` Be Not Nobody '' , her debut , is equally amazing and also a necessary purchase .
 Though I liked Vanessa Carlton 's hits when she stormed the music scene a few years ago with `` Ordinary Day '' and `` A Thousand Miles , '' I did n't buy her debut album until early this year . Her debut sounded as I suspected it would , and I enjoyed it , so I quickly purchased her sophomore release , Harmonium , even though I was not familiar with any of the songs on this album.I have n't been able to extract Harmonium from my rotation of most frequently played discs . I like this album so much , in fact , that Vanessa Carlton has climbed to the very top of my list of favorite female artists - which is something I never imagined would happen . Vanessa Carlton is a wonderfully talented musician . Here 's why I like her so much : HER VOICE - which is pure , elegant , sophisticated , yet as simple and honest as the girl next door.HER PIANO - she 's a dynamo behind those keys and is a marvel to hear -LRB- and watch play -RRB- . HER SONGWRITING - she clearly emphasizes the craft of songwriting , looking for new ways to dovetail her beautiful piano with variable melodies and compelling lyrics.I find all these elements pervasively spread across Harmonium , which is why I love this album so much . There are some tunes on Harmonium that have obvious commercial appeal , but there are others that are purely artist-oriented work . All in all , I find Harmonium to be intelligent music that will be fully appreciated by listeners who like to be challenged as well as moved and entertained by what they hear .
 Once I heard `` White Houses '' I knew I was hooked . The first time I heard the song I was practically enchanted and I just could n't stop listening to it for , like , 2 full months . I had been a fan of Vanessa since her first single , but to be truthful , I was n't very impressed with her first album , `` Be Not Nobody . '' Sure , there were some catchy tunes , but a lot of the other songs were pretty boring . Well , thankfully , she did n't make the same mistake again.Vanessa Carlton 's new album `` Harmonium '' is amazing . a ` Harmonium ' is an instrument like a piano and a flute , but Carlton likes the title because it 's , quote , `` like harmony and pandomonium . '' I just think the word sounds cool , and the album IS cool . ALL of the songs are great , I can easily listen to the whole CD over and over again . My only problem was how short it was , with only 10 songs listed , one bonus track -LRB- which I did n't really get why she did n't just list it , it would have made the CD look longer -RRB- . The entire album is only a little longer than 40 minutes , about half the time of some CDs , but it makes up for it . I guess I 'd rather have a short CD of all good songs than a long CD where I only like 2 songs . And believe me , ALL the songs are awesome.I really have no problem with any song . OK , She Floats is my least favorite , but only because it 's kind of boring and I do n't really get it . But every song has its own uniquness , has its own music , and tells its own story.I also like how the album has balance , it covers every end of the spectrum . It 's got happy songs , sad songs , slow songs , upbeat songs , and manages to make them all great to listen to.It 's just an amazing CD , and if people have any brains , it 's gon na be a classic .
 Vanessa has created a masterpiece that `` Be Not Nobody '' can not touch . Both albums , though I like them the same , are so different and extraordinary . This album shows Vanessa 's new maturity and voice . She is extremely talented and very underrated . She does not get near enough recognition she should.White Houses - This is not one of my favorite songs on the album , but it is very innocent and full of life . You can tell Vanessa put a lot of thought into this one . Nice opener and single.Who 's To Say - This song has quickly become my favorite song on the album . It 's the most emotional song Vanessa has ever recorded , and you can tell it just by how beautiful and raw her voice is . THIS is Vanessa at her best.Annie - Though the whole song is amazing , the first fifty seconds or so are absolutely awesome . The piano is beautiful and the flute adds a great touch . This song makes you wonder why no one thought of such a wonderful idea before . Great song.San Fransisco - This song is very relaxing and fun . It 's something you can get up and dance to if you 're in the mood . The piano in the beginning is very pretty and well - written . The chorus is good and after about two minutes , the song gets very exciting.Afterglow - This is a very heartfelt , relaxing song . The instrumentals are so beautiful and the words are well-penned . It 's one of my favorite songs off the album.Private Radio - This is such a different song for Vanessa . It 's one you can get up and dance to . It 's so ... upbeat . This song is great and very radio friendly . It 's very different from the rest of the album.Half A Week Before The Winter - The lyrics to this one are strange , the beat is odd , but it 's still a great song . Not one of the highlights on the album , but good nonetheless.C ` est La Vie - The instrumentals are awesome . The words are interesting as well . I love the way her voice slides . I think that it sounds very different and suggests a change of pace . The song is very good.Papa - This is the `` Wanted '' of Harmonium . The piano is perhaps the best of this album . I do n't get much out of the words , but the tune is amazing . The only downside is the very short duration of the song . Besides that , the song is very good.She Floats - This is one of my other favorite songs on the album . THIS is the Twilight of Harmonium . It 's so amazing . The screaming in the middle sends chills up my spine . Nothing can touch this song . It 's the most unique song I 've probably ever heard.The Wreckage - I like the lyrics . They 're sad . The vocals are good . The piano is good . It 's kind of boring though . It 's not one I skip , but I certainly do n't push the back button . 9/10
 Her songs are beautiful they flow and the music and words are something you can relate to personliy i enjoyed it very much and you should listen and buy it . some songs that i really injoyed were white houses , annie & who 's to say .
 Vanessa Carlton 's first album , Be Not Nobody was an exercise in unevenness . For every good song , -LRB- Prince , and Sway for example -RRB- there were catchy , yet entirely unforgettable pop songs -LRB- Thousand Miles , -RRB- and songs we 'd all just as soon forget -LRB- Twilight , Paint it Black . -RRB- Worse still , her voice was either drowned out by the accompanying music , or she screeched like an out-of-control harpy.Harmonium , then , is a much saner album . Vanessa Carlton has matured a lot as a musician in the two years since her debut release , especially under the watchful eye of her producer/boyfriend Stephan Jenkins . This album does n't suffer from the same inconsistency that Be Not Nobody did . Yes , her voice still occasionally takes a back seat to her luscious -LRB- and much more ambitious -RRB- instrumental arrangements , but she 's gotten much better at controlling her voice , and staying within its range . Though not quite produced with quite the same pop-music sensibility that Be Not Nobody was , Harmonium is a marked improvement , showcasing Carlton 's continuing growth as a musician . To dismiss her as another empty-headed pop-music puppet , or even a Tori Amos clone would be criminal .
 1 . White Houses - The first single from ` Harmonium ' , White Houses starts off the CD in an up tempo pitch . With a catchy piano rhythm mixed with consistent drum kicks , and a unique brand of strings -LRB- including those of Lindsay Buckingham -RRB- , White Houses musically gives you a feeling of wanting to dance around -LRB- which is exactly what Vanessa Carlton does in the video -RRB- and just generally be happy . The song , which was co-written with Third Eye Blind singer -LRB- and overall producer of ` Harmonium ' -RRB- Stephen Jenkins , is lyrically sound . Carlton 's vocals also shine on this song , as you can notice that her voice has gained much more range and consistency than seen on ` Be not Nobody ' . It should be noted that this song is a bit more to the bubble-gum pop side of things than most people are used to seeing from her , also .2 . Who 's To Say - Another track co-written with Jenkins , the song starts with a slow-to-mid tempo which becomes upbeat in the chorus . The piano works very well with the string arrangement to make the song very appealing to the ears instrumentally . Lyrically the chorus is very catchy , and vocally Vanessa uses her voice well to reflect the emotion of the lyrics . This is another song that progresses forward from the type of music that was on ` Be not Nobody ' , and it shows Vanessa 's growth as an artist .3 . Annie - The main thing that stands out about Annie is the piano , especially in the chorus . It is a very hard and rugged piano , but also very catchy . Vanessa uses her voice well during the chorus to keep up with the fast pace of the piece , and brings it back under control during the verses . This is one of the more addictive pieces on the CD , as the piano is uplifting , but lyrically the song is rooted and serious .4 . San Fransisco - This is another song like `` White Houses '' before it that will have you tapping your foot . The piano rhythm and drum kicks are fairly consistent , jazzy , and pleasing to the ear . The vocals are a bit more under control in this song than in the three previous , but that is n't to say the song is without emotion , because it has its moments . It has been said that the drum kicks at the end mirror the drum kicks of Third Eye Blind 's `` Jumper , '' and on a close listen the two are very similar .5 . Afterglow - To put this in terms of a VC fan , Afterglow is to ` Harmonium ' what `` Twilight '' was to ` Be not Nobody ' . It is kind of a buzzkill being at # 5 , seeing that all 4 songs before it had an upbeat tempo , but the song itself is beautiful . Between the piano and strings , the song has a very easy-going , relaxing feel . Vocally , Vanessa has about the same intensity level from `` Who 's To Say '' , and the vocals work well for this song . Lyrically the song fits the music perfectly .6 . Private Radio - Back on your feet . This song will make you want to dance , too . From the `` ba da da , ba da da '' open to the closing `` do do do do do do do 's '' , this song will have you tapping your foot all day long . Very catchy chorus , especially with all the `` ba da da 's . '' This was rumored to be the first single , before it was changed to `` White Houses . '' It could make a legitimate second single . Vocally , Vanessa kicks it up a notch which makes the song have even more pop appeal .7 . Half A Week Before The Winter - A very strange song lyrically . It is catchy , but there really is not a whole lot of meaning you can pull from it . Musically it is sound , with a drum kick that kind of reminds you of a marching band or a drum that you are supposed to march to . The piano work is solid , as are the vocals .8 . C'est La Vie - This is a song that is going to divide a lot of people . You are either going to love it , or hate it . It was done mostly with drum kicks accompanied by a distorted piano riff background . For those of you who heard the song performed in concerts previous to ` Harmonium ' , it will almost come as a culture shock because the song sounds so pure in piano form , but is totally reborn on the CD . From where I am sitting , it was a successful experiment as the drum kicks make the song very catchy with the piano , but many purists wo n't like it .9 . Papa - A solid piano/vocal track . A bit short though . The vocals work well with the piano . It does n't sound like anything was changed from the version Vanessa played in concert , either .10 . She Floats - One of the true gems on the CD . The string work combined with the piano makes this song feel so relaxing and carefree , kind of like you are truly floating . The vocals are a bit flat at first , but it seems more intentional than anything . During the long bridge in the middle there are two portions of screams during the song , at first it seems disconcerting , but it works very well with the song . As a side note , on the Enhanced portion of the CD , the DVD entitled `` Pleased To Meet You , '' it actually shows Vanessa and Stephen working on the screams , and Stephen mixing them .11 . The Wreckage -LRB- Hidden Track -RRB- - Great piano in the song , interesting lyrics . Vocally the song is solid . Again , kind of short . It is a nice piano/vocal , though.Overall as a CD , ` Harmonium ' is very solid . A big positive of ` Harmonium ' is that there are no dead spots , or songs that will almost always be skipped , and ` Harmonium ' presents itself as being more upbeat than ` Be not Nobody ' was . The CD also shows Vanessa 's tremendous growth as a songwriter , pianist , and vocalist . Great CD .
 Vanessa has done it again ! I have been listening to this CD almost non-stop since I picked it up today and I LOVE it ! The songs are even better than the songs on the first album -LRB- my favorite CD of 2002 -RRB- . You can tell that she has matured as an artist and I ca n't wait for more . Make sure you check out `` Who 's to Say '' it 's great .
 With just a simple background of piano , Vanessa stiches the gaps between all sorts of music and makes it `` Harmonium '' . It 's a very beautiful album . When I first heard `` White Houses '' , and saw the movie video , I fell for this album immediately . `` Annie '' is another significant one , it 's so beautiful , it brings you tenderly to the scene inside the lyrics as the moody piano carries you to the final end of the four minutes . I must say my favorite song is the light `` San Francisco '' , but I still failed to work out what this song is all about ; it 's one song sounding quite light-hearted but with lyrics that I believe has a certain history.Every single song in `` Harmonium '' is a poem . She even makes the fast `` Private Radio '' sound beautiful . `` Half a Week Before the Winter '' sounds like a world of fantasy , but I think she is trying to tell something . `` She Floats '' is an eerie song about the suicide of a girl . She can be very like Picasso sometimes , only that she sings.At first I was surprised how less this album seems to be acknoledged by the music listeners , but as the world only cares for hot beats and sex and gangs nowadays , I guess I must not be shocked . Also , these songs are n't exactly what you 'd call catching , especially `` C'est La Vie '' and `` Papa '' . With Vanessa , you get something different from hip hop or pop . I hope she makes another hit like `` A Thousand Miles '' on her next album ... to get the attention she deserves .
 With her inert ability to hit all of the right cords , Vanessa Carlton had us all walk 1000 miles in 2002 as she begun the monotonous single track strain to make a hit and keep her on the road to success others can not follow . In planting her foot firmly on the accelerator pedel and leaving other performers in the dust , Vanessa has travelled stedily with her fans embroiled in emotion with a willingness to follow wherever she leads . Vanessa Carlton has been invariably leaving everyone awash with desire , like footprints in the sand being swollowed up by the ocean , and leaving a trail of breadcrumbs imploring us all to ` Be Not Nobody ' leading us finally to her ` Harmonium ' that 's worth the wait.Immersing the listener in an eloquently flowing ` Harmonium ' from the very beginning , Vanessa Carlton ignites a dorment spark within me and hopefully other listeners that leads me again into her enticing wild irresistible world where dreams unfurl and secrets are kept within the walls of ` White Houses ' where no ` Desperate Housewives ' reside , but a facade is exposed . With delicate beauty and accuracy for a lover 's first time , she paints a haunting , playful picture with skillful words in which to fill her stupendous second album , leaving an infectious beat in our hearts and words we 'll chant always . I am plucked like a delicate flower , for a corsage on Vanessa 's dress as she takes my hand and I give her a passionate kiss . Infurled in the trance of her eyes , I linger . Her web of sticky threads holds me fast in an embrace we never want to escape . You 'll stay as enthralled as I was as the music plays and I 'm led on a dance with Vanessa leading any restless , unconvinced souls to peace and harmony with her . At the end leaving me forever intriuged how Vanessa has pulled off this incredible feat and wanting more . All in the pursuit to make beautiful music fans like myself will adore as it stands the test of time .
 Such great music here for any Vanessa fan ! I cant get enough of the songs `` San Fransico , '' `` Who 's To Say , '' and `` Private Radio '' Those are just my favorite songs on the CD , the whole CD is great . Her voice is awesome and her piano playing on this one is even better than on `` Be Not Nobody `` Great job Vanessa . I recommend this to everyone who liked her previous work
 Having enjoyed all of the singles off her debut , I anxiously awaited this new release . It is a real pleasure ! Her voice is not as nasally as before and her music sounds more original as a whole and not as generic sounding . The first songs are pretty slow and then she picks up the pace for PRIVATE RADIO which almost sounds like it could be an Avril Lavigne tune ... the 2 songs following that are also more upbeat HALF A WEEK BEFORE THE WINTER & C'EST LA VIE ... then it goes back to the slower style with lots of piano on PAPA ... plus there is a hidden 11th track called THE WRECKAGE . So , all in all a very decent album ! Yes , there are no standout tracks like A THOUSAND MILES ... but still it is a project she should be proud of ... enjoy !
 It took only two years for Vanessa Carlton to come back out of the studio with her second album
 This is an even better album than Be Not Nobody - the lyrics and vocals and everything about it is superb ! It 's not radio-friendly pop like Be Not Nobody was . Fav songs on this cd are
 Not all the songs on this cd were that good but ... the ones that were made up for that !!! It was such a calming and happy cd i love listening to it over and over !!! The songs that i think are really good are : AnniePrivate radioWho 's to saySan FranciscoShe FloatsWhite HousesC ` est la vie
 It is , indeed , very rare to find Vanessa 's talent nowadays and I am really thankful that she does exist as I do appreciate her kind of music.Some may find her pieces a little bit unconventional but that 's what really makes the album stand out !
 I have fallen in love with this music ! The material is amazing though `` Be not nobody '' had its own magic that held the album together , this new record sounds different but different isnt always bad well at least not in this case . Her vocals seem to have improved but her lyrics remain as beautiful as ever though her boyfriend stephen should be given some credit he does n't deserve the grammy 's i know shell win for her amazing new work .
 Vanessa has definitely changed and it shows in this incredible Cd . I havent taken this CD out of my player yet . It is quite different than her first . . but similar at the same time . The songs are deeper and darker . . this is very apparent later on in the disc . The content is very real . . nothing about this is fake or pretentious . This is a calm cd and moody as well.I saw Vanessa in concert 11-03-2004 at Joe 's Pub ... if you getta chance I recommend going to check her out . . shes unbelievable.If you like Vanessa 's whole debut and not just 1000 miles . . then I think you 'll love this cd as well . You can expect her material always to be true to who she is and not some industry garbage . If you truly appreciate piano and real vocals and true talent . . take a listen ...
 What is all of this about a commercial ? Do n't be silly . Great work by a talented artist who still needs to grow a bit .
 3.78 stars ? Yeah , I 'm pretty mixed about this disc . On the one hand it IS good , it DOES contain great songs , but the disc takes far too long to grow on you and has two key problems I detect ... Problem # 1
 Harmonium , released in late 2004 , took Grammy-nominated singer/songwriter Vanessa Carlton to new heights of sophistication and maturity , but somewhere along the way she lost touch of the catchy melodies that Be Not Nobody possessed . Her self-penned , No. 1 critcially-acclaimed first single `` A Thousand Miles '' is by far one of the best pop songs of all time -LRB- Honestly folks , who thinks up that opening piano arpeggio ??! It 's amazing -RRB- , but on Harmonium all but one track lives up to this impressive predecessor . `` White Houses '' is by far the most listenable on this album 's tracklist , with its piano in the background overlaid by some lush orchestration -LRB- typical of Carlton -RRB- , but only a remaining handful are decent tracks ; the others , sad to say , are just boring . `` Annie '' is a touchstone song about losing a baby , and may even bring some to tears with its lyrics and beautiful piano chords , and `` Half a Week Before The Winter '' and the poppiest `` Private Radio '' are all good , just not memorable . Even so , Harmonium is an accomplishment Vanessa Carlton can truly be proud of , regardless of its lack of commercial success . Hopefully the record company -LRB- who should 've backed this album more publicity-wise -RRB- realizes this as well .
 `` Harmonium '' is obviously a great name for this album.It shows such a difference from her debut album `` Be Not Nobody '' . Music ranges from ` Private Radio ' , which has a poppy , Hilary Duff like sound about dancing in the moonlight with some sort of fling , to `` Who 's To Say '' which offers a deeper message , of falling in love at too young of an age.The best songs on this album are without a doubt `` C'est Lae Vie '' -LRB- `` This Is Life '' -RRB- , `` The Wreckage '' , and `` Papa '' . Whether you like Avril Lavigne or Maroon 5 this album is for you .
 Although I did n't like her first CD -LRB- loved 1000 miles , did n't like the rest -RRB- I did recognize her talent and anxiously awaited a second CD . The first time I listened to Harmonium I did n't like it at all , but the more I listened , the more I liked it . It is now one of my favorite CD 's . One of the ones I will probably listen to again and again as the years go on . Her lyrics paint a picture and her music and composition are powerful , complement the lyrics perfectly , and are wonderful in their own right .
 This is one of the best albums . This would make a great stocking stuffer .
 I have to admit that `` Be Not Nobody '' was not my favorite CD by far . Even though it had some catchy tunes . When I found out that Vanessa Carlton had a new CD I new I needed to get it ... Little did I know how amazing it would be . She has shown so much growth since her first album , and I hope that this gets her through the `` sophomore jinx '' as they say ... and if it does n't then people do n't know what they 're missing . Excellent Vanessa , just amazing . Thanks so much for making great music !
 I have been waiting for this CD for quite some time , and it was worth the wait . I think her first single `` White Houses '' is an awesome song , and the video is fun ! She is very talented , and her growth as an artist is shown on this CD from her last one . In my opinion , there is still some room for growth though , as she continues to develop as an artist . Very much worth buying and listening to overall .
 this an excellent sophomore album for vanessa . it shows that she has grown as a musician . all of the songs are fantastic . it is highly recommended .
 Vanessa Carlton further proves that she has amazing talent , putting her foot in the door of the music industry.Every song better than the next , from the strings solo of `` She Floats '' to the irresistable dance song `` C'est La Vie '' to my personal favorite , `` Who 's To Say '' , everyone will love it ! 10/10 **** 5/5
 An excellent work . You can definetly tell that some of the songs were written to attempt a hit on mainstream radio , which is alright , but a lot of the songs get very pop-ish and contrast deeply from her first album . If you 're looking for some more `` a thousand miles '' , it is going to please you more than `` be not nobody '' did . The songs are still very spiritual ,1 . white houses - a great song ... the lyrics are the most meaningful and easy to relate to for younger listeners . . and the lindsey buckingham aspect rocks2 . who 's to say - the most pop-ish song on the album ... i have to say im a little disappointed . these lyrics are more immature than usual - i blame stephan jenkins : -RRB- 3 . annie - i really like this one.it 's one of those songs where the verses are a whole lot catchier than the chorus.it 's darker than many of her songs but very meaningful , telling the story about a dying girl .4 . back in san francisco - this song seems to be written about ... a good feeling . i like it , the lyrics are n't the deepest in this one either5 . Afterglow - so pretty ... i love all of the strings and orchestra arrangements6 . Private Radio - hmmm ... kind of a bad girl song . this one also disappointed me a little . it was originally intended to be the original first release ... im glad she decided on white houses instead .7 . Half a week before the winter - hmm dark ... and confusing . not one of my favorites , but good . . and artistic8 . C'est La Vie - i LOVE this song ! im not too sure about the arrangement on the album ... the bass-y dance beat thing is kind of growing on me though . The piano version is IRRESISTABLE . .9 . Papa - it 's hard to pick out a definite melody at first ... it grows on you though . i love it though because it reminds me of most songs from `` be not nobody `` 10 . She Floats - dark ! ... its good for one of those times when you just sitting around frusterated and thinking11 . im not sure what this is called because it 's not listed . i like it ... it 's very `` be not nobody - esque '' againvanessa carlton is vanessa carlton ... this is definetly a sweet album .
 the magnifigance of each of her CD 's . My first listen to `` Be Not Nobody '' gave me a very negative look at Vanessa Carlton , cuz I thought her songs were all very bland and pointless . The more you listen to it , the more you like it though . `` Harmonium '' is not like Be not Nobody , because the first time you listen to it , you 'll fall in love with each of the songs . This CD has not been out of my CD player for the last 2 weeks . Each song has its own beauty and rhythm . `` White Houses '' which everyone knows is the 1st single of the CD is very catchy and pretty . I 've got `` Jenny screams out and it 's no pose '' stuck in my head everyday ! `` Who 's to Say '' is definetely one of my favorites . It 's really pretty and when it hits the 2 minute mark , I 'm hypnotized into its melody . `` Annie '' is also one of my favorites . There 's nothing really special about this song ... well except that it shows Vanessa 's great piano skills and a voice she 's never shown before . `` San Francisco '' is a very strange song . It 's one of those songs that are upbeat and cool , yet it still manages to pull a few tears out of your eyes , for some awkward reason although it 's not a sad song . `` Afterglow '' is really boring . It 's definetely one that I skip everytime . `` Private Radio '' is probably the most upbeat song that it 's gon na get on this CD which is really good . It blends with the songs quite well , and has a tune that 's gon na be stuck into your head the whole day . `` Half a Week Before Winter '' gets better and better after each play . It 's a strange song though . Whenever I hear it , I get chills down my back . `` C'est La Vie '' is probably the best song on this superb CD . It has a jazzish rhythm to it and a beat that makes you tap your feet without you even knowing it . `` Papa '' is probably the most boring song on this CD . I 've heard this song once since I 've got this CD and I almost fell to sleep ... okay I 'm exaggerating . `` She Floats '' is a creepy song but it manages to make you like it . It 's one of Vanessa 's creepy songs . It 's a good song overall , yet it is very long . `` The Wreckage '' is a good song too . It 's fairly slow but has an awesome tune.My final comment is that if you 've been a `` nessaholic '' yet you 've been sort of undecided if this is gon na be a good CD or not -LRB- which is fairly strange -RRB- , it is a great CD and go out and buy a copy . This CD debuted only at # 33 on the Billboard top 200 which is really disappointing . C'mon guys , we got ta bump her up to the top 10 !
 I waited for over a year for the new cd to come out , and my wait was worth it . I love the cd . I love Vanessa'a voice and I love the melody of her music .
 If you liked Vanessa 's first album then you 're going to LOVE this one . I do n't normally write reviews because I think people should decide for themselves and not rely on other 's opinions , but this CD is just too amazing to not tell the world about . The songs sound much more complex & fuller than the first album , and they explore more themes than just relationships , I do n't quite get her vampire metaphor yet , but I 'm working on it . If you get a chance to see her live , do it , because she is amazing , even more amazing than the CD . Personally my fave track on the album is Papa - it sort of has a jazzy feel , lots of half steps & unexpected chords . Definitely check this CD out !
 One thing most reviews fail to mention is how unusual Vanessa 's followup album -LRB- to `` Be Not Nobody '' -RRB- remains on all levels . Like it or not , one thing you ca n't accuse Ms. Carlton of is the sameness that permeates nearly every other young female singer on today 's music scene.Try this -- listen to the excerpted examples available on this site and tell me you ca n't instantly tell one from another . Now try this with any other of the `` name '' girl singers out there . Maybe I 'm just a very old man -LRB- true -RRB- but nowadays I ca n't tell one Britney from another . But Vanessa remains unique.There are songs on this album that have the hook necessary to play on the radio , but despite what other reviewers here have said nothing on this album is boring . This material is a lot more challenging than her first album , and I suspect it will get better and better on repeat listenings . `` Be Not Nobody '' -LRB- which I liked -RRB- suffered most from a heavy teenage angst that seems to have almost completely disappeared here -- even on the most gloomy of songs -LRB- `` Annie '' -RRB- she finds something of import to care about . The listener will likewise be rewarded.Anyone who is a fan of good music owes it to themselves to pick up this album -- you 're bound to find at least one or two songs you 'll like , and -LRB- more importantly -RRB- you 'll be encouraging one of the freshest voices on today 's charts . Singer/songwriters are so very rare these days that a triple threat like Vanessa , who is also an accomplished instrumentalist , needs to be supported by all .
 I can not write about a previous album and express my disappointment as a fan in how she 's somehow changed . All I can do is judge this album , as it 's the first stuff by her that I 've listened to . It 's somewhat unfair to judge an artist 's current flair by her previous work , but I understand that it 's common for many to do that.So , from what I 've listened to and experienced of Ms. Carlton , here 's my perspective . This young woman has a remarkable voice . I listen to her album all of the time , almost every week . The songs are addictive to listen to and lift my spirits when I am down and comfort me when I am feeling depressed and lonely.One of my favorite songs is `` Who 's to Say ? '' , which deals with having a young and enduring love while dealing with prejudice in family and society . Anyone whose been in a interracial or same-sex relationship will resonate with those lyrics and those who have n't will certainly feel some sympathy in hearing lyrics that have a bit of universality in theme.Another song I like is `` White Houses '' , which is a popular hit of hers . It deals with her losing her virginity and teen innocence in a white picket fence suburb . The song softly portrays the development a maturing lady , while taking into mind all the sensitivities of modest listeners while subtly shocking them with irony.This album is well put together . I can not compare it against anything but its own merit . I enjoyed every track , and I can not say that for many artists that I 've listened to . Carlton is definitely talented and I look forward to buying more of her music . I hope she continues to produce further works .
 Vanessa Carlton 's `` Harmonium , '' is wonderful . Packed with feet tapping beats , and sing-a-long lyrics , this is the ultimate summer album . I find myself listen to other songs that ar n't matched to this true talent . Vanessa Carlton , who not only sings and writes these songs , but plays the piano too . I was suprised at this ability to be able to do this album with such passion . Each song with a story , every sound carefully placed into a Symphony of beautiful music.I was so excited when i got the news that she will have a new album coming out called `` Heros & Theives , '' Nolita Fairytale as the first single . Harmonium is a well put together album , that will always remind you of the good days in life . When you get this album , enjoy it . I did .
 This is a great album and even better than Be Not Nobody . Although all the tracks are great , I 'm just going to comment on a single song . The piano in Papa is just awesome . It gives me goosebumps . To be fully appreciated this song must be played loudly . A grand piano is a loud instrument and your car stereo just is n't going to do it justice . It needs to be played so that it is as loud as Vanessa hears it when she is sitting at the keyboard . The piano is powerful and complex in this work . The performance and writing for the piano reminds me of the phenomenal works of Rick Wakeman and Keith Emerson back in the glory days of art rock . This is what Vanessa Carlton is all about and she is so underappreciated for it .
 Vanessa Carlton 's release of her second album shows how talented she really is . Her touch of piano to the tracks make the album what it is
 Vanessa Carlton originally made it big with `` A Thousand Miles '' , that awesome piano song everyone loved . Unfortunately , there is such thing as too big of a hit . It 's likely that Vanessa will be plagued by this song for the rest of her life . -LRB- But I suppose that can be a good thing . -RRB- Harmonium got negative reviews from almost every single magazine critic , quite possibly the toughest critics there are , but the majority of the people seem to like it . And with poor promotion from her record label , this album flopped.I 'm not going to give my reviews on every single song because they 're all good . -LRB- Except C'est La Vie . It just bugs me . -RRB- It 's very deep and poetic , which only a good musician can give you . Every single person I know who has The Beatles , Pink Floyd , and The Rolling Stones also have a copy of Harmonium . I find that interesting . And most of them are n't ashamed.Anyways , this CD is AMAZING and EXTREMELY UNDERRATED !!!! GO BUY THIS ALBUM NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Unlike her debut , Be Not Nobody , where the only few good songs were ' A Thousand Miles ' , ` Ordinary Day ' and ` Sway ' , Harmonium proves to us she 's not a ` pop princess ' as she hates being called by the media , but she 's one of the few artists truly capable of creating an album that 's consistently good and is n't ambitious to cater to the masses.Most people will only associate this album with ` White Houses ' , which I think is not an accurate representation of this album . To me , ` White Houses ' was a chip off the old block where ' A Thousand Miles ' came from , and really was just to draw to her sophomore release a little bit of attention.The vintage element of the album really comes out in the songs ` Annie ' , ` C'est La Vie ' -LRB- where she plays the rhodes instead of a piano -RRB- and ` Half A Week Before the Winter ' . These songs define what the album really is.One of the interesting songs is ` She Floats ' , where in the middle of the song Stephan Jenkins and Vanessa sing the vocals for a 40-strong choir , and screams can be heard in the background . It 's the most bizarre , yet climactic thing you could ever hear . What 's more , ` The Wreckage ' , the hidden track to this album , is a flashback of the dead girl in ` She Floats ' , as she speeds through the highway.My favorites : AnnieHalf A Week Before the WinterPrivate RadioPapaWhat intrigues me is why she named this album ` Harmonium ' without actually using the harmonium in any of her songs , and perhaps the correlation with the culture and history with that instrument with her songs.But , that said , I think this album is severely underrated and it 's a pity she did n't get to release another hit . Vanessa was going to release a second single from Harmonium -LRB- which I believe would have been ` San Francisco ' -RRB- , but her record company decided against it . So she 's going to work on her third album , and hopefully it will rock as well !
 Let 's be honest , Be Not Nobody was very much ordinary . It was pretty and had promise , but not much to set it apart . When Carlton came back onto the scene with Harmonium , she was clearly an artist more comfortable in her skin and ready to take a much bolder approach.From the first song -LRB- `` White Houses '' -RRB- , Carlton establishes herself as a woman still discovering a lot about herself and ready to tell us all about it . The song made the perfect single for the album , with its catchy tune and honest lyrics.Carlton goes on to sing a standard love song , `` Who 's to Say . '' The song is a huge step up from the similarly themed `` Pretty Baby . '' `` Annie '' is the touching tribute to a young female friend with cancer . It handles the subject delicately and is an unabashed show of love and support for someone in a situation more difficult than most of us ever have to think about . `` San Francisco '' is a love song to The City . There 's not much more to it than that , but Carlton can apparently go on about the subject and make it interesting . Plenty of people write songs about cities they love , but Carlton 's plays like a song for a long-time lover . `` Afterglow '' is one of the more sobering tracks on the album . Even `` Annie '' had a catchier and bigger sound to hide behind . `` Afterglow '' is much more naked and subdued . `` Private Radio '' is more of a light and poppy song about insomnia . It 's a short and catchy break from the drama on either side of it . `` Half a Week Before the Winter '' takes the album to a much darker and much more interesting place than some of the other songs . `` C'est la Vie '' and `` Papa '' are two more simple , poppy songs . They are both worth listening to and easy to hum along to , but they 're somewhat lacking compared to the songs that surround them . `` She Floats '' and `` The Wreckage '' close the album with a song about a dead girl and a car accident , respectively . The album ends in a dark place , but it also ends in a complex and beautiful place.Harmonium is a huge step up from Be Not Nobody in quality . It is a darker and richer look at the mind and life of Vanessa Carlton and something I would recommend any fan of pop or piano-driven songs , or just fans of good music , to buy .
 This album and her debut are fantastic . I used to think this album was better thanBe Not Nobodybut they are about tied . I enjoy the lyrics here more because they are cryptic and deeper but I enjoy the production much more on the first album . 2007 ` sHeroes & Thieveswas just fine , but that 's about all it was . There were no deep and dark stories about loving a boy or feeling like dying on that CD . I did enjoy titles such as HANDS ON ME , COME UNDONE , MORE THAN THIS and especially the ballad HOME but that album overall just felt kinda incomplete and almost not like our dear V. I honestly hope she has at least 2 or 3 darker songs for us on her new album RABBITS ON THE RUN whenever it comes out ... Anyhoo.My favorite songs on this album are : Track 1 WHITE HOUSES - a song about being with friends for a while , having good times but then losing it all by the end . Vanessa also speaks on losing her virginity in said song.Track 5 AFTERGLOW - a super-somber song . not totally sure what it 's about though . i just love the tune and violins . probably my favorite on the album.Track 6 PRIVATE RADIO - the bounciest track on the album . very catchy and about a girl with insomnia.Track 7 HALF A WEEK BEFORE THE WINTER - i honestly think this song interprets to when Vanessa lost her virginity with the boy in WHITE HOUSES and it did n't turn out how she wanted . that 's why there 's this battle with unicorns -LRB- the innocence she lost and ideas that floated through her mind beforehand -RRB- and the vampires -LRB- the bloody-thirsty boy -RRB- . There is no track that I do n't enjoy here . The lyrics improved a lot from the debut and have more depth . I highly enjoy both her first 2 albums though . They are great.Heroes & Thieveswas just good . I hope V returns to form with RABBITS ON THE RUN .4.4 stars.DOWNLOAD : `` White Houses '' `` Afterglow '' `` Private Radio '' & `` Half A Week Before The Winter ''
 I 've read some pretty harsh reviews for Harmonium , and I have to say there are only a few points I agree with . Afterglow is n't much of a song to rave about , but the rest of the album I really ca n't fault.The lyrics and melodies are nothing short of captivating , but I guess you have to understand them . Once you 're into a song - its under your skin . `` Half a week before winter '' is a song I ca n't get out of my head , the piano repetition pattern combined with what I can think of as a snare drum is really catchy . The lyrics of unicorns and vampires I guess are something of Vanessa 's imagination - her passion for fantasy realy shows in the song , while she introduces a more serious and reality reflected side : `` I carry all the weight of empty promise , as I stand swallowed by the light ... I hold my head and know the streets are mine tonight `` By no means has she disappointed with this album - its simply a change in direction from her Be Not Nobody album . If you go in with an open mind to Harmonium , you 'll be pleasantly surprised by the depth and thought thats gone into her songs.The tingle of ` Private Radio ' never ceases to make me smile , this really is a song to get you dancing around the room , or at least tapping your feet if the situation is n't right ! The layering of the vocals in Private Radio is something special , rarely repeated in such a way within her work.C ` est la vie is another song I 'm addicted to at the moment , the three songs `` C'est la vie '' , `` Half a week before the winter '' and `` Papa '' are the three you might be most tempted to stick on repeat for the bass lines . The lyrics in C'est la vie are something of a wake up call : `` I 've been taking what you 're giving , now I 'm thinking I 've been living the fantasy of your sweet smile '' `` If you could see the truth within our perfect harmony , you 'd see your melody is bringing me down `` The piano in Papa is something to be marvelled at - she 's not lost her touch ! The beginning of the song makes you feel as though you could get lost in its power , whereas the lyrics are something else : `` Look where he left me . I should have known by the ice in his eyes , but you warmed me up with your sweet demise `` The album is one to be enjoyed , but going in with an open mind is needed - expectations may just ruin the aurora . Subjective views of the lyrics will help the appreciation of her work - the album really brings out some of Carlton 's personality and fire , combined with personal experience.Overall , an enjoyable album that should n't be missed . Naturally , there are things some of us wo n't like , but no one agrees with everything in the world - what 's life without differing taste !
 Yes , this second effort is very similiar to her first ! It does feel a little more mature & honest , with great lyrics many people , like myself , can relate to . She a talented young woman - nice voice and her piano-playing is excellent ! ... BUT I think this album does NOT do well to promote her singing abilities & she seemed somewhat lacking in her vocal skills moreso on this album . This is NOT to say her vocals are bad ! , only that she does n't have as much reverb & follow-through on many parts of the songs -LRB- though some of it is how these songs are written and flow -RRB- . I do n't want to so lengthy like some reviewers are , feel like our opinions should be more concise , so I 'll wrap this up with if you enjoyed her previous album you will enjoy this album !
 I asked for this album and got it for Christmas without ever hearing anything from it first . That 's how much I loved her first album!I was not disappointed , this is an excellent album . The video `` home movies '' were fun to watch , too !
 i listened to this CD expecting it to be pop music , top 40 ... but it is not , and that is why i love it ! Vanessa Carlton does an amazing job ... the writing , melodies , piano , everything is so beautifully produced . I was never a large fan of her first CD ... it was not bad but just over-played . I think CD would remind you of Charlotte Martin -- who herself is utterly amazing . I would definitely recommend buying this CD of you are a tori , sarah fan ! : -RRB-
 This is by far a better CD than Vanessa 's first . All I have to say is that this is one of the best albums that I have ever listened to . `` Whos to Say '' has become one of my favorite songs . `` San Francisco '' is also an amazing song . Vanessa really shows what a great artist she is in this album .
 Will and always will be a nessaholic forever . i love this album more then her first album . . there seems to be a extra track on the european version of the album . Its called `` the streets have no name '' . favourite tracks are white houses , whos to say , afterglow , san francisco , private radio and the streets have no name .
 I have been a fan of Vanessa Carlton ever since her first album came out . I thought she was very talented at the piano and vocally . All her songs were different from music that was out at the time , it sounded more haunting and less pop.This time around , it gets even better . I LOVE this album . Every song on it is great , I do n't skip any . I love how all the instruments and her voice make the songs sound gothic and interesting , unlike a lot of the songs out now . Heres a song by song review :1 . White Houses - amazing first single . The way she writes this song is so honest and the piano is played really well . I first heard this song expecting a lot because I could n't wait for her new album and I was blown away . I could n't stop listening to it ! Also , the video is really cool and shows she has n't lost her talent for dancing . 5/52 . Who 's To Say - this might be my favorite song of all of them . She puts a lot of emotion into this song despite what other reviewers have said . her voice also sounds really strong . 5/53 . Annie - this song is really sad but it also shows her talent for songwriting . 4/54 . San Fransisco - I love this song because it has a really cool melody , and I really like the chorus . 5/55 . Afterglow-this is more of a slow song , but its still really pretty . 3/56 . Private Radio - this song is very catchy , but i disagree with reviewers who say this is the next 1000 miles . this is more edgy , and less poppy than that song , but its great all the same . the ending is also cool . 5/57 . Half A Week Before the Winter - i think the way she talks about unicorns and vampires is interesting and different , and i like this song . its sad tho , the way she suggests the vampires attacked the unicorns , or at least thats what I got from the song . 4/58 . Cest La Vie - this song is another good song . the chorus is the best part and i like the way the piano and vocals sound on this song . 4/59 . Papa - the piano is amazing in this song . i like the way she says he is a genuine wannabe and the way the piano is played in the chorus . 5/510 . She Floats - this is an ok song , but i like the lyrics . 3/511 . the wreckage - this song is good , the melody and piano is awesome as usual , and the lyrics are interesting and kind of sad at the same time . 4/5All in all , you HAVE to get this CD . I LOVE all the songs , i ca n't stop listening to this ! All the songs have amazing songwriting and piano , and her vocals sound stronger too . She should win a Grammy !!
 If you liked her first album , prepare to be amazed by her 2nd . Not only is is more mature , but it introduces you to new melodies and strength in Vanessa 's piano playing . Her sound is dramatically stronger , and her emotion is what give each and every one of these songs such beauty . White Houses is a wonderful tune that almost makes you think of Vanessa as a one of a kind . Other tracks like Private Radio , define more as rock than pop . She almost gives off an Avril Lavigne/Ashlee Simpson vibe . Being that she produced the album with Stephan Jenkins , whom happens to be from a punk band , I think you 'll be suprised at how well the whole album turned out . It has been described as somewhat as a goth album , which MAY explain her mentioning unicorns , vampires , and ghosts . And what 's wrong with that anyway ? At least she 's proven herself in music by writing her own songs , producing , and not being such a big head over the fact she is famous . That does n't even matter to her . She 's a wonderful artist , whom has n't had trouble using her imagination . I 'd rather listen to something someone actually sat down and took the time to write , rather than listen to some else 's music , such as Hilary Duff , whom does n't attempt to even write a song , except maybe `` Haters '' which shows how immature she is over her Lindsay Lohan feud . Seems more like a five year old to me . So , in all sum , Vanessa 's album is a masterpiece and inspires you with optimism . Her piano playing is outstanding and just think she has been playing since she was 3 ! That shows brillance right there . Papa is a track that shines too . Though shorter , it has words such as `` you 're a genuine wannabe ... '' Great music .
 ... or so she writes next to her picture in the album bookletThis is the first Vanessa Carlton CD i bought . I must admit I was -LRB- very -RRB- mildly disappointed . Many of the songs are slow , or sound like something out of a horror movie . Even so they seem to get stuck in my head , and I find myself replaying the album .1 White Houses-5 / 5 this is such a great song . I 'm sure everyone here has heard it2Whos to say - 5/5 great second track . its a little slower than white houses , but one of the better songs on the album3Annie - 5/5 this song is SO sad , but it has a great melody . I love the variation from high to low notes . The piano is awesome too !! 4San Fransico - 5/5 This song is so just wonderful . It puts you in a great mood . Again , Vanessa does a great job on the piano , love the chords5Afterglow - 4/5 the first slow song . its really calming , and a positive attitude6Private Radio - 4/5 a big tempo change from afterglow . this doesnt sound like it should be a vanessa carlton song , but it seems to work ok7Half a week before the winter - 2/5 now we start to see Vanessas darker side . this song is sort of freaky , and also really slow moving with not such a great tune8C ` est la vie - 3/5 i kind of like this one . its just different . its a mix between the darker and the lighter of the album . the bridge sort of hurts my ears to listen to9Papa - 3/5 Amazing piano . this song sounds like it came directly from a horror movie .10 She floats - 3/5 vanessa almost whispers on this song . Its really haunting . and in the middle there is a 2-person choir and someone shrieking which really freaks me out11The wreckage - 4/5 a great tune , but the message in the song - about the horrors of a car wreck - jsut makes me wonder what vanessa is experiencingThe enhanced CD content is fabulous . it is footage of vanessa recording , writing , and playing her music * Over all I recommend this album to anyone who likes white houses -LRB- the first 4 songs on the album will live up to your expectations -RRB- Also if the darker side doesnt get to you , dont waste any time !! < 3 a soft rock/pop music fan
 Even though this album freaked me out every time I listened to it , I still listened to it over and over . Almost every song has the potential to get stuck in your head forever , although I 'm afraid that almost none seem destined for the radio . Which is a shame , because the amazing piano and fresh , creative lyrics are a welcome alternative to all the brain-dead rap clogging the airwaves these days . And finally , I really ca n't hear anything wrong with her voice , and no , I am not `` tone deaf '' , as one reviewer implied . So , I highly reccomend this CD , if you do n't mind the often-creepy lyrics -LRB- seriously , `` Half a Week Before the Winter '' had me up for a couple of extra hours ... -RRB-
 Vanessa Carlton 's cd Harmonium is one of the best there is.Not only are her melodies beautiful but the lyrics to her songs tell storys and have good meanings.Highlights of the album are : Annie , Private Radio , C'est La Vie , Who 's to Say , She Floats , Papa.All the songs are excellent , these are just my favourites.The fact that Vanessa is the writer of these songs is amazing.The song Annie is a beautiful piece about a dying girl named Annie , and just like this song , each song as a beautiful story , as i said before!be sure to check out the cd , even if you do n't buy the cd just listen to it.it 's lyrics are sure to broaden a smile on ur face or bring tears to your eyes !
 As most all have said I do n't think I 've ever seen such growth between a debut and sophomore album for an artist . It 's like it 's a completely different album . I am a huge Carlton fan and rushed out to buy the album after I heard `` A Thousand Miles '' for the first time . I 've been hooked ever since . `` Be Not Nobody '' was a good album , but in all honestly there were some songs on there I really did n't like . On `` Harmonium '' I ca n't say that . All the songs are beautiful . They 're well orchestrated , well-written , and hauntingly sung by Vanessa . I 'm a little perturbed by those putting down her voice . I , personally , think it 's one of the most beautifully unique voices out there right now in the market of Hilary Duff pop . -LRB- REALLY do n't like her ... -RRB- I really respect her writing her own songs , playing the piano in them , AND singing them . I think the best artists are the ones that write their own material . -LRB- Although there are , of course , exceptions to that rule on both sides . -RRB- This album is fabulous . You can sit through the whole thing and not get bored because there are so many different beats whereas on her last , my friends complained that all her songs sounded the same . Personal favorites on this one are : White HousesC ` est La VieWho 's To SaySan FranciscoAnnieThe one song that kind of confuses me is `` Half a Week Before Winter '' . I honestly do n't quite grasp the lyrics . Still a good one though.The only thing that 's sad is that I do n't think this will sell nearly as many copies as `` Be Not Nobody '' because these are the kind of songs that are n't really meant to be radio hits . `` White Houses '' has been vaguely recognized as an infectious song but a song about a dying girl is unlikely to get big TRL play . I just hope that any singles Vanessa releases are more well picked . I 'd say that of the songs `` White Houses '' and `` Who 's to Say '' would have the most luck on the airwaves.If you liked `` Be Not Nobody '' pick this album up . If you DID N'T like `` Be Not Nobody '' , pick this album up . Everyone finds some songs they like . Pop this classy album into your CD player and I gurantee you wo n't regret it . -LRB- I 'm uploading mine into my iPod tomorrow ! Yay ! ^_^ ; ; -RRB-
 I loved Vanessa Carlton 's first hit , A Thousand miles . But after I heard some of the other songs on her album , I decided against buying it . I do not regret that decision . But after hearing several songs off of her sophomore album I was taken . This CD is so much better than her first ! The song writing is so good , and the songs are complex , yet simple . I love it to death ! The best songs are `` White Houses , '' `` Who 's to Say , '' `` Private Radio , '' and `` C'est La Vie '' but they all rock my world . A must have for music lovers !!!
 i love this cd ! my favorite track on it is the first track '' white houses '' . the whole cd is great . vanessa carlton in my eyes is the next stevie nicks without the blonde hair and taller . she sang a duet with stevie called '' the one '' with stevie duet on stevie 's crystal visions tour which is on her third album , this is her second album . she 's actually friends with stevie nicks . in a way stevie nicks is her mentor .
 O.K so finally today I went out and bought the new Vanessa Carlton CD `` Harmonium '' . It took me 7 months due to the fact that I was n't sure if i wanted it . However , after listening to the samples on this site , it sparked an interest in me , and I found myself at Circut City purchasing it . Anyway , it is a good CD . Some of the songs can be a bit slow and boring at times , but there are songs that caught my interest with their upbeat nature . The piano playing is amazing and Vanessa 's vocals are pure and sweet . This CD has taken some harsh criticism , but really none of the songs on her are BAD . This CD is much darker than her first attempt . It is a breeathe of fresh air to air something so orignal as this CD . Yes we all love the catchy computer aided vocals of all those catchy songs out there . But Vanessa has something different . I hope she releases a second single from this album ! Hopefully `` Who 's To Say '' . If not , a third album is a must and I would buy it in a heartbeat . Way to go Vanessa , keep up the good work ! And for all you who bash Vanessa , remember who had three hits in 2002 !
 Stephan Jenkins is ALL OVER this record , you can tell solely in the lyrics alone . IF you know anything you know that Stephan Jenkins of Third Eye Blind is a lyrical genius , and if he had n't co-written and produced this record it would n't be anything close to waht it is . let 's all just hope that now he can get back to focusing on Third Eye Blind .
 I bought Vanessa Carlton 's first album a few years ago when it first came out and listened to it a few times before I really liked it . Then nobody heard from her for such a long time , I started wondering if she had fallen off the face of the earth . Then ... surprise ! Out of the blue I saw an ad for this new CD . It was on sale for 7.99 so I bought it . I must say , it took quite a few listenings before I really started catching on but now I really like it . The few tracks I really dont like are `` White Houses '' and `` San Fransisco '' They irritate me for some reason . But I really really love `` Afterglow '' , which I think is very beautiful and `` C'est la Vie '' which I hated at first but now I love the monochromatic sound and raw , stripped effect.I think even with the few bad songs the CD is worth buying .
 This is truly a masterpiece ! i 'm not really wild about white houses but otherwise a great album
 I do n't really like her voice though it sounds a little better than the first album . She definitely has a gift for writing piano hooks that stick with you though , without which a 1000 miles would n't have become the modern pop/rock classic it is known as .
 Brilliant . Alarming . Majestic . Bewitching . Gothic . Melancholy . Cryptic . These words and countless more describe Vanessa Carlton 's sophomore album `` Harmonium . '' Immeasurably superior in quality to her 2002 debut `` Be Not Nobody , '' the singer/songwriter displays on her new LP the kind of artistic growth that seldom transpires between a mere two albums . Although female singers who play piano have not exactly been burning up the pop charts as of late , Carlton takes absolutely no notice of this . The result is an album she will doubtless find difficult to top.Taking off on the strength of its lead single `` White Houses , '' an absolutely outstanding opus about the bittersweet beauty of young love , it is easy to see the album is a worthy purchase if only for one song . The following `` Who 's To Say , '' however , completely nips that prospect in the bud with its killer chorus , pensive lyrics sung with full-blast urgency and exemplary piano playing that Carlton provides throughout the entirety of the disc.Although the album is overall too heady and thought-provoking to find any of its songs in the Top 40 , the song with the best chance of getting there is the fervid , rapturous `` Private Radio , '' which gets sticky in the head like gum on a bleacher . -LRB- I 'm finally out of my pillow / 'Cause I 'm lyin ' here , but I am ready good to go/If I do n't win I 'll leave this town/Or not I 'll stay and chase the sun now/And you ca n't deny me/And you will oblige/It 's my melody . -RRB- The eerie , stream-of-conscious `` Half A Week Before The Winter '' concerns vampires and unicorns and exudes an air of a twisted state of grace . -LRB- All the weight of empty promise/As I stand swallowed by the light/Flickering above the highway/I hold my head and know the streets are mine tonight . -RRB- `` C'est La Vie '' and `` San Francisco '' contain gorgeous melodies , but even better is that of the hook of the impassioned , reflective `` Afterglow . '' -LRB- And if you could see/What 's come over me/Then you would know / 'Cause I 'm walkin ' free/The wind at my back/Bathed in afterglow . -RRB- The final listed track is `` She Floats , '' a tale of a dead woman 's corpse who is `` watching puddles gather rain '' which features a sudden uprising of high-pitched female screams . A hidden track where she waxes on her odd fantasy of crashing her car , `` The Wreckage , '' rounds out the disc.Featuring pitch-perfect production from Third Eye Blind 's Stephan Jenkins , Carlton 's lucky boyfriend , in addition to guitar playing throughout by Fleetwood Mac 's legendary Lindsey Buckingham , `` Harmonium '' is a sweeping collection of music that lovers of enchanting melodies and thought-provoking lyrics can devour . Without a doubt , there is more to Carlton than `` A Thousand Miles . ''
 Ok so I admit I had high hopes for Vanessa Carlton 's sophomore album . I 'm sure everyone did.I was n't let down , not in the least.I was worried when I heard her single `` White Houses '' . Her website continually reported that she 'd have a darker , more gothic sound which was definitely not present in this upbeat `` happy '' song . Well , the rest of the album definitely showcases a darker sound . `` Papa '' for instance . And `` The Wreckage '' where she very acutely describes the beginning and afterwards of a devastating automobile accident . I believe it 's a personal metaphor , but I 'll have to listen to it some more.Some surprise tracks
 Vanessa Carlton , slipped under my radar the first time around . Yeah , yeah , yeah , we all heard `` A Thousand Miles '' , but c'mon , was it worth an albums worth of material ? I dont know . Now , shes got Harmonium , which is just ... -LRB- searching for the right word -RRB- BEAUTIFUL , Vanessa has created what I believe to be what Tori Amos would have sounded like if she 'd continued recording in the style of `` Little Earthquakes '' . Every song on here shows a different entity of her songwriting , from the masterpiece of a first single , `` White Houses '' -LRB- about the process of meeting new friends/falling in love/losing friends ... the perfect summer song -RRB- to the very very last song `` The Wreckage '' -LRB- a detailing almost ethereal experience about an automobile accident caused by road rage -RRB- . I wont delve into every song on the album , but I will say this , the highlights on the album are `` Who 's to Say '' -LRB- featuring background vocals by Pharrell Williams of the Neptunes -RRB- , `` C'est la Vie '' -LRB- about coming to terms with life and love and not giving a f*ck about it -RRB- , and `` Annie '' which is so heartwrechingly beautiful , it might pull a couple tears out.However , I must say that my personal two favorites are `` Half a Week Before the Winter '' ... which oh my god , is just quite possibly one of the most beautiful , emotional compositions Ms. Carlton has ever done . It paints a visual in your head , and for those who 've heard it , doesnt it sound like she was inspired by `` Underworld '' ? Listen to the lyrics `` Half a week before the winter , the chill bites before it comes , and I 'm a child of the pleasure , daddy brings before he runs ... he whispers dreams into my ear ... though I 've given him his empire , he delivers me my fear '' -LRB- Siouxsie and the Banshees would be proud ! -RRB- My other favorite is `` She Floats '' , a powerful composition , dark yet full of vibrant vocals and strings in the beginning , what a way to end a beautiful album . -LRB- It was great live , too ! -RRB- Overall , this album is unmistakably great ! I highly recommend it !
 `` Harmonium '' is one of those albums that you 'll probably find yourself pulling out of your collection years later . It already has that timeless feel to it , and the quality of recording is such that it immediately feels superior to the latest works of supposed geniuses Tori Amos and Norah Jones . I love some work of the artists just mentioned , but it must be said that with time , many artists just do n't retain the ` it ' factor . But Carlton , despite facing a baffling radio ban post her big hit ' A Thousand Miles ' , went into hibernation and emerges with the prize jewel - `` Harmonium '' . Not in recent memory has an album been so immediately accessible and so , well , musical.The reason why Vanessa won me over with this CD is because even though a LOT of reviewers compare her to Tori Amos , Fiona Apple , Michelle Branch and Jewel , she is all of them and then some , yet retaining her own individuality . She is not as purposely weird as Tori Amos -LRB- one listen to her latest ` The Beekeeper ' , and I wonder if even she understands the ` deep , inner meanings ' of her increasingly absurd and pointless lyrics -RRB- , not as angry and upset as Fiona Apple , not as corporate label hungry as Michelle Branch -LRB- Maverick should be so lucky -RRB- , and not as Alaskan-country as Jewel . She retains all of their elements , and then infuses it with her own stylized way of singing . Granted , her singing could be way better , but she lives within her range . She is not trying to be Celine Dion and nor should she.Her ` White Houses ' is a masterpiece from start to finish . Notice the piano , and the multilayered piano section that permeates the entire second half of the song . Someone who has been really trained in music has composed this song , and it shows . Sheer brilliance . This album starts off pretty poppy , and then ventures into darker territory . Someone mentioned that Vanessa was more of a goth on this CD than anywhere else in her discography . True , but this has more to do with the music than I think her intended personality for this record . Listen to the lyrics . Could a Michelle Branch or an Avril Lavigne even dare compare to the simplistic yet stunning beauty that are ` White Houses ' and ` Annie ' ? I think not . Even Carltons ' maligned cover of U2s ' Where the Streets have no name is not as cruel as one would imagine -LRB- the song is available only on the import edition of ` Harmonium ' -RRB- . All in all , the CD has a light , summery feel to it that belies the somewhat dark subject matter . Vanessa discusses death , the meaning of life , growing pangs , relationships , spirituality , places and their memories , in such amazing detail , its as if a writer of prose suddenly decided to tell his story in musical form . Suprisingly , this works in this instance , and we should all be so grateful . I particularly enjoyed the depth of ` She Floats ' and ` Papa ' . Of course , the radio friendly hits ` Private Radio ' and hummable ` San Fransisco ' see to it that this album could be a hit on every station , but the other tracks are the ones that truly elevate this album to the exalted status I have given it.I just noticed that the CD has n't done well and is fast slipping down the charts . A pity because here it is . 2004s ' best album by a long way , and no one knows about it . Well , at least you do , now , so do yourself a favor and get this . Guaranteed this is one CD thats bound to become your new best friend and you wo n't leave home without it . I know I do n't ! Amazing . If only all music came this good . Five Stars .
 `` Harmonium '' is the second album from piano player Vanessa Carlton . You probably know her best from the song `` A Thousand Miles '' , basically the only song you heard on the radio in 2002 . With this album , her vocals and lyrics have greatly improved . `` White Houses '' -- The first single , is incredibly catchy and very personal . It is about Vanessa and five friends , and the hardships that they experience one summer . The video is awesome . There are two Vanessas in it ; one plays the piano and sings the song , while the other dances to it . It represents the piano player in Vanessa battling the dancer in Vanessa . You should buy the album just for this song ; it is worth it . 5/5 `` Who 's To Say '' -- A great song . Not mindblowing or as wonderful as `` White Houses '' , but still a very good song . It is about Vanessa telling everyone that her and her boyfriend will stay together no matter what anybody , not even her family , thinks . 4/5 `` Annie '' -- One of the highlights of the album . It is about a dying girl who seems to haunt Vanessa 's thoughts everywhere she goes . The piano on this song is beautiful , and they lyrics are very moving . 5/5 `` San Francisco '' -- An instant classic ! This was the first song on the CD that became my favorite other than `` White Houses '' . It is about Vanessa 's experiences in , you guessed it , San Francisco . Some of they lyrics are a little weird -LRB- `` I always liked Steinbeck and those old men whistling '' -RRB- , but the song rocks and is very catchy as well . Another album highlight . 5/5 `` Afterglow '' -- A very beautiful and relaxing song . The lyrics are also a little confusing , but I think that is about Vanessa in a state of depression , but trying to see the positive side of things . This song may take a few listenings for you to like it . 4/5 `` Private Radio '' -- Excellent ! Very catchy with a wonderful dance beat . This is another of my favorite songs on the album , yet it is another of those songs with confusing lyrics . Some of us think that it is about insomnia -LRB- `` All the world has gone to bed/And there 's a sound inside my head/And in the dark inside my bed/And this melody that 's in my head '' -RRB- , but I guess no one knows for sure except Vanessa . I think that this will be one of her singles . Yet another highlight of the album . 5/5 `` Half a Week Before the Winter '' -- hands down the most gothic song on the album , with very strange lyrics . It is about vampires attacking unicorns , that 's for certain ; but I also think that they are exposed to sunlight and burn . It may be confusing and a bit gothic , but it is an excellent song . 5/5 `` C'est la Vie '' -- I am really not crazy about this song . Her vocals go up and down in the middle of this song , kind of like yodeling . There are other songs that were cut that definitely could have replaced this one . Vanessa said that she wanted a 10-track album , and there is a hidden bonus track that also could have taken this song 's place . 3/5 `` Papa '' -- Awesome ! The piano on this song is incredible , and is the `` Wanted '' of this album -LRB- for those who have her first album , you will know what I am talking about -RRB- . Vanessa said that it is not about her father , so I am not really sure what the song is about . It is still an excellent song . 5/5 `` She Floats '' -- very-how can I say it ? - depressing , yet soothing . I think it is about a girl who commits suicide by drowning . It is kind of a sad song , and in the middle , there is a chorus of people screaming . It is not like a stupid horror movie scream , but sort of like an organized , practiced , melodious scream . The `` chorus '' is actually Vanessa and her boyfriend , with their voices multiplied to sound like a bunch of people . A great song . 4/5Hidden Track
 A followup to her debut album Be Not Nobody , Vanessa Carlton 's Harmonium is definantly one of the better CD 's that have gone unrecognized . Although I am listen more to bands such as the Goo Goo Dolls , Audioslave , Unwritten Law , Cold , etc. , this is one of my favorite pop albums.Although her lyrics are simplistic , they have a deep , elegant feeling to them . Her style on this CD varies from the relaxing , Who 's To Say , to Private Radio , a catchy pop song that is about the only mainstream song on here . Not that there is anything wrong with that . Vanessa is n't like other young female artists , who throw down lyrics about their boyfriends . No , she writes her own lyrics about life , her own experiances , and , well even things as odd as crashing her own car -LRB- THe Wreckage -RRB- . Breakdown of the CD1 . White Houses-Has an amazing video , was on the charts . This song attuned me to Vanessa , and has led me to get her CD . It is a catchy beat , and good lyrics .2 . Who 's To Say-About a disapproved relationship . A slow song , but deep and great piano playing .3 . Annie-About a girl she met that had cancer . The piano playing is excellent , the lyrics move along , and the singing is perfectly fitting with the tune .4 San Francisco-An upbeat song about her favorite city , and one of my personal favorites . Beautiful piano and singing , and the lyrics are on the lighter side . This song also showcases the great range Ms. Carlton 's voice has .5 . Afterglow - This is a nice slow song . The piano and singing is soft , and has an almost calming effect . Lyrics are some of my favorites , especially the chorus `` If you could see/What 's come over me/Then you would know/Cuz ' I 'm walking free/Wind at my back/and bathe in afterglow '' . Almost sends chills up your spine .6 - Private Radio-One of the few marketable songs , on this album , it has a fast moving , pop feel . Writen about insomnia , it has light lyrics , but the singing is good all the same .7 . Half a Week Before the Winter-One of the stranger songs , it has a darker sound to it . The piano is good , and so is the singing .8 . C'est La Vie-A great song , with pretty good lyrics . Nothing much to say about to say about this one .9 . Papa-Although a great song , this is n't my favorite on the CD . The lyrics do n't connect with me , altough the piano is great .10 . She Floats-A great song about a ghost , with delightfully odd lyrics . The piano and intro are great , along with the soft hushed singing .11 . -LRB- Bonus -RRB- The Wreckage-Another compelling odd song about crashing a car . The piano , lyrics , and vocals are memorably haunting , which seem to come to mind at night , driving alone on a lonely road.Overall , Vanessa Carlton has greatly grown since Be Not Nobody . Sadly , due to poor marketing by her label , A&M ; , and her inability to gain a big head over her first albums success , such as marketball princesses Hilary Duff and Ashley Simpson.Lastly , Vanessa is one of those quirky albums you ca n't put down . Pity some ca n't open their eyes to something besides , repetitive and pointless rap and hip-hop . - Joe age 13
 I noticed today this album debuted at # 33 on the Billboard album charts , while I recall Be Not Nobody debuted at # 5 , and that sums up the differences between these two albums . Harmonium is a rich textured album with mature lyrics - but it lacks the punch of a hit single such as A Thousand Miles . Still that is not necessarily a bad thing - Vanessa has grown and while there are not many songs on this CD that you can easily sing along to , they reward repeated listening and contemplation.White Houses is just marvelous , I love Vanessa 's voice here and the melodies . Other standout tracks include Who 's to Say -LRB- where Vanessa 's voice sounds eerily like that of the singer in Shelleyan Orphan -RRB- , San Francisco -LRB- which creates a vivid picture of that city -RRB- , Private Radio -LRB- fun and infectious -RRB- , and She Floats -LRB- which has some neat background vocalizations that remind me of early Kate Bush -RRB- . The songs blend Vanessa 's piano playing with orchestral instruments - the oboe solo/hook on Half a Week Before the Winter keeps going through my mind . A couple of songs drag a little , but overall this is a great effort .
 I truly believe that Vanessa Carlton is very easily the musical genius of my generation . She does n't have to `` shake it like a polaroid picture '' or `` drop it like it 's hot '' -LSB- I love those songs , so do n't take that the wrong way -RSB- to get her music noticed . Just the fact that her music exists is enough . She knows how to make music that is completely unique from anything else playing on the radio waves . It 's beautiful and complicated , but not too complicated that an eight-year-old ca n't find it enjoyable . Believe me , my younger brother runs around the house singing `` Jenny screams out and it 's no pose ! '' . With Vanessa Carlton 's newest release , `` Harmonium '' , the listener finds that it was worth the wait . She is an artist in the truest form on her sophomore cd ; you can hear her voice is stronger and purer and her lyrics are even more vivid and deeper . And do n't even get me started on her piano work . Just listen to `` Papa '' or the hidden track , `` The Wreckage '' . She does n't need producers to make the songs -- just a mic and piano would be good enough for Vanessa Carlton . I honestly think that Vanessa Carlton is one of the few real musicians of our time.SONG BY SONG REVIEW * Track One
 It 's been two years between albums , and certainly a growing up period for Vanessa Carlton . Her hit song `` A Thousand Miles '' from the first album `` Be Not Nobody '' prompted some of the funniest scenes in the movie `` White Chicks '' , but her follow-up album is almost Goth with its dark lyrics.Her infectious and energetic piano work brightens the first part of the album , and the catchy lead off song `` White Houses '' features Lindsay Buckingham of Fleetwood Mac on acoustic guitar . In another guest appearance , Pharrell Williams sings back-up vocals on `` Who 's to Say `` The version released in the UK includes a song that is not on the US version , a hair-raising cover of U2 's `` Where the Streets Have No Name '' . This song alone makes buying the UK album a better deal.Some of the songs are downright mournful , including `` Half a Week Before the Winter '' , `` Papa '' , `` C'est la Vie '' and `` The Wreckage '' . For these songs , her voice changes noticeably , as she belts them out with a more powerful , harsher and sometimes shriller tone , bearing no resemblance to the Vanessa of the first album.A good album , but does not have many stand-out songs , `` White Houses '' being one of the best original songs on the album.Amanda Richards , May 13 , 2005
 If you were n't inundated with the constant radioplay of 2002 's `` A Thousand Miles '' you perhaps , missed out on Vanessa Carlton -- pegged then as an ` artist to watch ' and then lost in the mess of singer/songwriters with pianos instead of guitars.That said , her sophomore effort , `` Harmonium '' is definitely a deeper and decidedly darker version of 2002 's `` Be Not Nobody . '' Instead of fantasizing about romance , 2002 's Carlton has grown into her fame . Her songs are more mature , more metaphorical but not too deep to enjoy.The highlights are clear however
 I bought this album sophomore year of high school and as a first year college student , each and every one of these songs never get tiring . Each song has a meaning . They ; re catchy and make you feel relaxed . Here 's my opinion on each of her songs :1 -RRB- White Houses - The brilliant , lead single makes you think of summer and breezes around the evening when the sun is setting . Honestly , I did n't think this song meant `` losing your virginity '' when I listened to it for the first few times . Maybe it was cuz i did n't hear the lyrics correctly . Whatever . During the bridge , this song just gets better . -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 2 -RRB- Who 's to say - `` To all you fans out there who are in a relationship unapproved of by your mother or the government , this song 's for you . '' This is my most absolute favorite song on the album not just for the piano rhythm and instruments , but the lyrics and feeling are what make this song a `` should-have-been '' platinum hit . I ca n't be wrong with thousands of other fans who can relate strongly to this song -LRB- where she sang at the Nashville Pride in June -RRB- . But yeah , this song is the most reccommended on this album . -LRB- 11/10 -RRB- 3 -RRB- Annie - This song is touching and beautiful like all of VN 's songs . It 's about Vanessa meeting a girl with leukimia -LRB- or however you spell it ... -RRB- who likes one of her songs . -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- 4 -RRB- San Francisco - Ah , this song has the same feel as the previous ones , but instead , picturing yourself in a beautiful city during the golden hour of twilight with the best orchestra arrangement on the album . The last ten seconds of this song make you grasp the sensation . Another favorite . -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 5 -RRB- Afterglow - Simply beautiful and calming is all I can say . Like San Francisco , this song delivers a powerful , dark orchestra arrangement as you 're `` letting go of huge anchors of pain . '' -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 6 -RRB- Private Radio - I consider this the beginning of `` Part 2 '' for this album , since I felt like the firt five tracks were connected into a story somehow , with `` Afterglow '' concluding it . However , this song sparks a new beginning like the jumpin , swingin jam present in `` White Houses . '' Fast paced and a real toe-tapper . -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- 7 -RRB- Half a week before the winter - One of the strangest songs on this album , but that does n't mean it sucks . It 's another great song that shows more of Vanessa 's gothic nature as unicorns are killed by vampires . Yeah , that 's one of the lyrics ... -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- 8 -RRB- C'est la Vie - Now things are getting even better ! This song starts a concluding quartet of songs that are extremely catchy and will make you want to listen to the last four tracks over and over again because these songs just never get boring . I think she 's playing an electric piano in this song . Even though it 's short , the song is just so amazing and NOT annoying . I love the meaning she gave to C'est la vie because I use it oftenly , no , A LOT too ! -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 9 -RRB- Papa - Another really catchy song that 's equal to `` C'est la Vie . '' It 's a classic `` piano solo '' with no back up instrumental arrangements . Again , this song rocks and the lyrics are n't annoying . This song is challenging to play on piano too ... -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 10 -RRB- She Floats - I never thought this song was about a ghost living in someone 's closet . When I listened to it the first few times , I pictured a girl dressed in black laying face up to the sky in front of a house in the middle of nowhere . It 's a clear , blue sky , yet it 's raining hard . The rain collects into her open mouth , overflowing it and creating water puddles around her body . Weird ... but yeah , I love this song , especially the part when Vanessa and Stephen Jenkins are screaming and making a `` 100 person choir '' in the background in the middle of the song portraying screaming souls . A great song -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 11 -RRB- The Wreckage - Yes , the hidden bonus track . If you listened to `` She Floats '' on a CD player you can only access this song if you listen to the last 15 seconds of it because when I tried going to this song , it went to `` White Houses . '' Eh ? My CD player must be old cuz it did n't work like that on other players . This song is a mirror version of `` Papa '' whereas it only features the piano . This song is abbout Vanessa 's desire to cause car accidents through boredom and the thrill it conveys . Heh-heh , Vanessa sure seems like an interesting person . This song is addictively catchy and easy to play ! -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- As you can tell , I 'm a HUGE Nessholic and I love each and everyone of her songs ! She is a brilliant artist who should be recognized more . Fortunately she is releasing a new album next year called `` Rabbits on the Run '' and I 'm looking forward to it so much ! I also reccommend Michelle Branch . So give this album a try . You wo n't regret it . Even though it sold less than `` Be Not Nobody , '' I consider this the best of her three records . I LOVE VANESSA CARLTON !!
 Harmonium is an excellent album . Her songs clearly have the soul and feeling that most songs today tend to lack . There is no cursing or swearing , making the album safe to listen to in public . The songs are easily related to with anybody . Here is my track break down and thier meanings :1 . -RRB- White Houses
 Perfect album ! I can hear it two times in a row without getting bored , -LRB- notice that in about ten days I will be celebrating a year of purchasing it -RRB- I love it , well ... C'est la Vie is not that good , is kinda weird ... but in the other songs the lyrics , the music and vocals are just awsome ! Well done Vanessa , you just became my favourite singer ! If you have n't got this cd I encourage you to buy it right now .
 I have already reviewed this c.d. -LRB- the American version -RRB- and I must say as I did there that I love it to pieces , Vanessa Carlton has amazing talent and Harmonium proves it ever more strongly . Her sound has matured and strengthened , and her lyrics are more deep and passionate . I love it so much it is one of my favorite c.d.s in the world and also made me a total fan of hers.The reason I am reviewing it again is cause this is the import which I did n't buy . I bought the American version as I said and the difference is that this c.d. , the import , has the bonus track Where The Streets Have No Name . I advise anyone to order this c.d. instead . Take a few extra dollars and buy this instead of the American version because the bonus track for Streets is a great song . The piano is great in it and Vanessa just does a great job of doing a cover on that song . I listen to it online now but definitely if you plan on buying this album get the import for the bonus track alone trust me it is great . - If you want more in - depth reviews just go to the US - sold Harmonium at the top of Harmonium 's page . I just wanted to recommend the bonus track on here .
 I LOVED this cd . I think Carlton is extremely talented on the piano and her voice is captivating . She is , like many reviewers mention , terribly underrated . But I do think that she is an artist like Tori Amos in that you either get her or you do n't . Lke Tori , she will probably remain fairly `` underground '' and her popularity will be due to her large , unwavering fan base who loves her no matter what . But for the record , I do n't consider her a Tori Amos wannabe . She is her own artist and I respect her as such.The songs were enchanting , haunting , melodic , chaotic , and triumphant all at once . She has definitely grown alot since her first album . Her maturity as a woman , a writer , an artist and a musician just shines here . The difference in her lyrics , her voice and her creativity is astounding . It 's certainly less murky and vexing than the first and has much more clarity , flow and freedom to it , overall . It exceeded my expectations , and is a delightful listen.The only drawback ? It 's way too short !! I am left wanting more , and I already am wishing she 'd put out another album really soon .
 I love this album , not think ` bout i 'm a fan , is so simple is excellent , but it 's so hard to understan harmonium.white houses 4/5
 This was the first album I bought by Vanessa Carlton . As I said in my review in Be Not Nobody , her first album , I did not buy BNN because I thought A Thousand Miles would be her only hit and so I did n't buy it . But then I heard White Houses , her first song off Harmonium , and I could not get this song out of my head and soon bought it . I was not disappointed . Vanessa 's second c.d. is greatly profound , beautiful , mesmerizing , and emotional . I loved it from beginning to end ; and even now after having this c.d. for months I still find it hard to skip any song . This c.d. is kind of interesting as well because Vanessa appears to have gone a bit more darker than her first c.d. but Vanessa sounds so very honest ; she means what she says and that 's another reason why I love this c.d. - and why mainstream hates it . Mainstream hates any songs that go to the very depth of the heart and pulls out all these feelings we do not speak out about in public , and that 's why I believe Vanessa 's c.d. is not selling so well . Well I find this c.d. a breath of fresh air compared to a lot of mainstream and it 's mainstream 's loss they do not hear music like this . Vanessa has grown more mature and it is proven throughout this c.d. . After this c.d. I was greatly compelled to buy Be Not Nobody and I was not disappointed with the first either but indeed strongly believe Harmonium is even better ! After this c.d. Vanessa Carlton grew to be one of my favorite singers and she has been a great inspiration I 'm sure to many . Vanessa could have sold out to the mainstream but she refused to and that is what is great about her and I hope she never changes that independent attitude . We need more honest singers like this woman.White Houses - A + - Amazing . After the first time I heard this it would not leave my head.Who 's To Say - A + - Very beautiful song ; if making another single , it should be this one.Annie - B + - Do n't get me wrong , lovely lyrics and very moving , but based on sound it was just an all right kind of song.San Francisco - A + - This song is very catchy - I love the piano on it and it truly does make you feel Vanessa is leading you through the city.Afterglow - A + - One of my most favorite songs by Vanessa , very beautiful.Private Radio - B - Although this is a fun song to hear , I do n't really connect to what she 's saying . I believe she 's singing about insomnia.Half A Week Before the Winter - A - I do n't get what it is about this song but the dark lyrics are very interesting to hear and it 's fun to think what the heck she is talking about in this song . The piano I like a lot in this song as well.C ` est La Vie - A - This song is raw and just plain awesome.Papa - A - I love the sound in this song and the way Vanessa sings in it is very catchy.She Floats - B - Very dark kind of song . I like the piano in it and the lyrics again are very interesting to hear but it was just an all right song to me sound - wise too.Hidden Track
 Vanessa is getting better and better each release!This album has some beautiful lyrics . And ofcourse , all the lyrics are clean . White Houses , Who 's To Say , Annie , San Fransisco , Afterglow , Private Radio , She Floats and The Wreckage are superb.When I need a refreshing break from a busy day , I listen to Sarah McLachlan and Vanessa Carlton . Thank God for both of them !
 We can clearly see this young woman maturing as an artist for this album . Each song has a uniquely captivating melody and compelling sentiment , from bouncy , to melancholy , to contemplative , she seems to tribute many possible musical inspirations along the way.Unfortunately , her cover of U2 's `` Where The Streets Have No Name '' is not one of this album 's prouder moments and seems to drag on , causing one to wish for the original . Not that it is bad , but somewhat limp.Interestingly , one can almost sing over `` Half A Week Before The Winter '' with the melody line of Tori Amos 's song `` Winter '' . This does not make them very much the same , but perhaps there was an unconcious factor in making them similar.Other than some clumsiness with the U2 cover and some similarity to other artists , Vanessa holds her own quite well in all the other songs , highlights of which include the magnificent `` She Floats '' , the bouncy `` Private Radio '' , and the sarcastic `` White Houses '' . This is a worthwhile purchase , especially when considering the generally limiting world of commercial music that this seems to react somewhat against .
 in other words , this album rocks my socks off ! white houses is very good . my fav has to b whos to say . if u liked the first album , b not nobody u will like this one !
 this album is absolutely amazing ! do n't worry vanessa carlton i didnt rip you off ! I heard the whole album on MSN then went to download the song called Who 's to say . after that it was so amazing i went to buy the album ! Now who says downloading is a bad thing after all : -RRB- anyway the piano is really cool . vanessa carlton is looking better than ever too . and the video inside the enhanced cd is absolutely amazing too ! after watching it , it changed my impression of vanessa carlton and i respect her a lot as an artist . . thanks for the great music ! - brandon
 Vanessa Carlton 's Harmonium is an awesome sequel to Be Not Nobody . Vanessa 's first CD foreshadowed her coming into truly popular artist . It broke the barriers between age groups , races , and generations . My grandmother listened to the CD and dismissed it at first , but when she saw that I was truly interested in the melodies that Vanessa provided , she took a second look at the music and the words themselves . Harmonium presents new melodies and , ironically , harmonies . In Blender magazine , Harmonium was discribed as a 3-star soap opera . I personally think that the album should get 5 stars and be called a story rather than a soap opera . However full of interesting subjects and intricate tales that the songs may be , Vanessa keeps them simple and understandable . This CD is definately for anyone who has listened to Vanessa Carlton before and for the people that like music with a plot and story .
 If there is only one album you buy , make it this one . This is a perfect follow up to Vanessa 's first album , Be Not Nobody . It is rich , poetic , and sung with emotion and purpose . Full of sure hits !
 It is an excellent CD . I 've waited for it one year and at last I have it !! Nessa sound is more mature and complex . Invites you to dream and `` fell '' this soft-complex pop music . My favorite ... White Houses , in the same spirit than `` A 10,000 miles '' . I strongly recommended it !!
 My daughter and I loved Be Not Nobody , and we love Harmonium too ! My daughter has n't stopped listening to the cd since I bought it , and neither have I . We strongly recommend it to everyone .
 Vanessa Carlton proves once again that she not only is an amazing musician , but that her voice is certainly unique.The second album from Vanessa ` Harmonium ' is a fantastic blend of pop , classical and orchestral music , not to mention the blend of rock.A great album with something for everyone.White Houses - the albums first single opens the CD with a great flow of upbeat tracks where Vanessa 's pianist skills shine gradually changing to a line of slow amazing chill-out songs.A great album written based on real life experience , you 'll be hooked!Also a great CD-Rom documentary following the recording of the album.Highly recomended and a great second mature album !
 Who could have asked for more in a debut album ? Vanessa Carlton 's `` Be Not Nobody '' sprung three singles and a world of acclaim . This dancer-turned musician took her lifetime love for piano and blended that passion with her voice and created something magical.Carlton 's vocals are fueled by something inside , light and innocent with a rock-tinge ... In releasing her followup , `` Harmonium '' in 2004 , Carlton has done it again ... though this time there is nary a trace of innocence . It what has been called a much `` darker '' album , `` Harmonium '' is a no holds barred look peep into Carlton 's own diary . A musician 's diary is her songbook , very personal and inspired . She sings of a forbidden love that no one approves of in `` Who 's To Say , '' a car crash in `` The Wreckage . '' You wo n't find any catchy pop hooks on this album ... but are n't you sick of those ? `` Harmonium '' delivers something less superficial , something deeper , music with something hiding under the surface.With rich orchestration and beautiful production from Third Eye Blind 's frontman Stephan Jenkins , this album is a worthy second shot from an unconventional pop star . I always have more respect for a singer who writes her own music and plays an instrument ... Vanessa Carlton is the epitome of what a musician should be . My only hope is she does n't get ushered into the corner that has become `` POP/Top 40 '' music today .
 Vanessa Carlton 's sophomore offering has brought her full circle back to where she began . She has never sounded better , `` Harmonium '' shows that she has matured not only in her lyrics , but also in her music as well . Vanessa Carlton has returned to her classical piano roots , to make this CD more expressive , mature , and all around more enjoyable than the other things that are out there right now . The production is outstanding , and the orchestral arrangements fit very well with the mood that she appears to be trying to portray . If Vanessa Carlton can continue with the honesty in her music and lyrics , she will continue to rise as an artist .
 What a brilliant album . Beautiful lyrics and music , and very different from any other album ; strange but nice lyrics , alot of talant no one knew Vanessa Carlton had . In my opinion , the best song on this album is ` Private Radio ' , ` Annie ' and ` Half A Week Before The Winter ' are also both beautiful and unique songs . I did n't expect this album to be anything like it is ; but it 's brilliant and i am very pleased with it . Definetly a five star album , anyone who says otherwise does not know good music .
 If you liked Vanessa 's first cd this will definitelynot dissapoint . There is absolutely nothing to beupset as a fan about . She stays along the same linesas the first one with San Francisco being as catchy ifnot more catchy than A Thousand Miles . If you take thesix best songs off the first and the six best off thiscd you have one heckuva cd . Would love to see hertake a chance of the next one and write a song pastthe formula 3-4 minutes . Her piano playing andorchestration would be incredible if allowed to be morethan just fill-ins for a standard pop song .
 It 's been more than two years since Nessa released Be Not Nobody , and for us here is Australia , we still have n't got Harmoium in the stores , despite White Houses being released . Admittedly , it didnt take off here . But if you 're a Nessa fan , or even remotely liked liked Be Not Nobody , Harmonium blows it away ! Rather than collapsing after the first six tracks , a la Be Not Nobody , Harmonium is just solid throughout . The first seven tracks are exceptional . They are all of the quality of A Thousand Miles , which is a pretty big statement . Private Radio is probably the best track , or San Francisco , but it 's a hard choice , they are all so good . I had to import the CD from HMV Canada to get a copy , but it was totally worth it ! If only every new CD gave the listening experience that Harmonium does . Inspirational stuff .
 Vanessa Carltons sophmore effort Harmonium is by far a much better album than her debut . So I guarantee if you liked the first album , then you will more than likely love the second one even more . Even though the album lacks having a bonafide smash like `` A Thousand Miles '' the second album is better as a whole . Starting things off is the charming first single `` White Houses '' . An engaging piano and more confident vocals from Vanessa make this the standout track of the album . `` Who 's to Say '' is another great song , with Vanessas girlish vocals taking center stage . She may not be the best vocalist out there , but there is something unique about it , and I really loved her voice on this song . `` San Francisco '' is a great track accompanied by a upbeat and fun piano arrangement . The list of strong tracks goes on and on such as `` Annie '' , `` Papa '' , and `` Afterglow '' . Vanessa is truly an original artist who writes all her music , and I have high respect for someone her age to put together such an accomplished and classy album . Someone who tries new things and does n't conform to whats popular now . I can only imagine how great she will be in the nex 5 years .
 Harmonium is such an incredible record , and it completely exceeds my initial expectations for Vanessa Carlton 's sophomore album . It is a little different from 2002 's Be Not Nobody in the sense that we are allowed to take a deeper look into Vanessa 's beautiful , and sometimes dark , soul . I would have to say that most of the treasures on this record are the more upbeat songs . Some of these songs that steal the show are the bittersweet White Houses , a summer song about friendship , love , and loss , and Who 's to Say , a song about choosing between family and a relationhip . Also , though a little dark , Annie shines on Harmonium . If you are not already a Nessaholic , you will be once you hear this talented ivory tickler show off her gift . Harmonium is in stores now , so go out and pick it up now !
 This is the best album I 've heard in a LOOONG time . I love the energy of `` Private Radio '' , the beautiful reflectiveness of `` White Houses '' , and the sarcasm of `` Ces ' t La Vie '' . I recommend this to anyone who wants music that 's real and is n't poppy fake . : -RRB-
 The highly anticipated sophomore effort by singer/songwriter Vanessa Carlton is as good as her first , if not better . Be Not Nobody 's No. 1 , Grammy-nominated -LRB- and should-be winner for Song of the Year -RRB- `` A Thousand Miles '' was the only major hit from the CD , but Harmonium possesses several possible No. 1 's along with the celebratory-like `` White Houses . '' Great job , good album , great performer !
 I admire the talent of Vanessa in her music and lyrics , the story she has to tell and the music she uses to put it all together . You can hear the passion and feel it when you listen . I have waited awhile for a new release from her and I am pleased to say justice is served . I urge those who are not familiar with her to give it a listen and listen to the words . All songs wonderful but at this moment my top three picks are Afterglow , C'est La Vie and White Houses . Kudos to Vanessa with another wonderful album . Thank-You
 Granted , I was sick of Vanessa Carlton after the release of her debut album . If I heard `` Thousand Miles '' one more time , I swear I was gon na throw the radio out the window . Missing in action for 2 years , with the exception of the appearance on Counting Crows `` Big Yellow Taxi '' , I really was n't expecting anything big . Then I heard `` White Houses '' . What a great song , hands down . I decided to give Ms.Carlton another chance , and I 'm happy to report that I 'm glad I did . The album is very good ; one of those albums you can listen to the whole way through . Very melodic with perfect vocals ... what a follow-up . Definately a must-have for any music lover .
 If you 've only heard White Houses on the radio , you have n't heard anything until you buy this album . Do n't get me wrong ! White Houses is an amazing song , but along with Who 's To Say , Annie , Afterglow and Private Radio , it makes this one of my favorite albums that I own . -LRB- Not to mention the Be Not Nobody is also one of my favorite albums -RRB- It 's not often that I love every song on a CD , but DAMN !! Every song on this CD is great . Buy ... listen to it until your ears bleed . And even then ... DO N'T STOP ! .
 Vanessa Carltons `` Harmonium '' is such an excellent CD . The way that she plays the piano is so sweet . Although her voice is n't that great , she definitly knows how to use it to its best and make it sound good with the notes that she plays . I was ready to buy this album right when I heard her song `` White Houses '' which I thought was just so honest . Every song is great , my favorites being `` Annie '' , `` Who 's to say '' , and `` Private Radio '' . I definitly recommend going out and picking up this CD , it was definitly well worth the money .
 Vanessa Carlton 's music is hardly spoken about in the media and it upsets me greatly for she has such great songs that truly speak out . White Houses was spoken of and has been on radios but only this one ? There have been many other songs on her new c.d. that deserve recognition as well . Such as Who 's To Say ? , which is one of her most beautiful and profound songs and then San Francisco that is put together so well and gave such lovely detail . Vanessa Carlton is a deep and honest singer and I guess the media does n't want that anymore . That stinks . But at least some artists do not get discouraged by it , and continue on singing their soul out to the public such as Vanessa . And I am glad I know such artists as Vanessa , for it was only awhile ago when I realized there was such depth and reality in music . This is the kind of music that should be on the music charts , and I hope one day people get this . Until then nonetheless I will have to keep a keen ear to the music world to what is true talent and what is just plain artificial .
 I remember hearing `` A Thousand Miles '' not knowing who sang it . I found out it was Vanessa Carlton and one day I saw the `` A Thousand Miles '' single for 65 cents at a thrift shop and I HAD TO buy it . This eventually forced me to buy `` Be Not Nobody '' which instantly became my favorite CD.Well , I 've been waiting for `` Harmonium '' for the past few months and I went on her website to find out when it was coming out . I read on there also that the night before election night , she was doing a concert in nearby Alexandria , VA. . I went to that concert and heard fantastic tunes that she sang off the then upcoming `` Harmonium . '' I pre-ordered the CD -LRB- for several reasons -RRB- and waited until the day I could go to pick it up . I listened to it that night and every other day since.Vanessa Carlton does good at several sounds , from an almost innocent child-like sound to an angry sound and just masters it . Along with the genious behind the lyrics and the fantastic work on the piano by Vanessa , it makes `` Harmonium '' a must-buy . I STRONGLY reccomend this CD for anyone who wants to hear anything from an original music tone to a gothic tone . There are alot of people that I think would enjoy this album . It is absolutely fantastic .
 Listening to the CD is one thing . I am amazing by the score and each song has it 's own special touch . Watching the enhancement is another . It has brought me to a deeper level of understanding of where Vanessa is coming from and how so much of her emotions are shared with us through her music . It is a must have if you enjoy this genre .
 On the first run through I was kind of let down . I love the song ` White Houses ' and the rest of the songs seemed to not have any substance to them , or to have way to much to them . Vanessa is an artist , I believe that you have to listen to the song , study the lyrics to really enjoy the song . A lot of music today is very straight forward . I do n't believe Vanessa thinks like this . Her songs are poetry . There is a deeper meaning behind all of them . I suggest if you give the album a couple of more listens , and take out the album insert and follow the lyrics you 'll get a better understanding of her songs.As I said I love ` White Houses ' and it is about a young girl 's life , and her ups and downs . ` Who 's to Say ' is about a girl choosing her guy over everything else in her life because she 's a better person when he 's around . ` Annie ' is about -LRB- I imagine -RRB- Vanessa herself , or that 's what I see . She is friends with a ghost in the summer when she comes to visit Vanessa -LRB- or the girl -RRB- . That 's the way I interpret it . ` San Francisco ' is a song about a girl coming back to her hometown . ` Afterglow ' is about -LRB- I think -RRB- being a strong person , and looking forward to the future . ` Private Radio ' is a great song about being your own person , particularly a person who likes the night time , and being ready for anything . ` Half a Week Before Winter ' I can not comment on . This song in particular is hard for me to understand . ` C'est la vie ' is about some guy lying to a girl and her realizing it , he 's being her down and she does n't want to deal with it any longer ` . ` Papa ' is another song I am not quite clear on yet but a very good melody.I have only listened to ` She Floats ' once but I believe it to be about a girl who has nothing holding her back and is happy to be alive , in turn nothing will bring her down.The hidden track ` The Wreckage ' I have not listened to yet . But from what I have already read it is about fantasizing about a car wreak.Harmonium is an enchantingly deep album . It deserves respect for all the hard work Vanessa put into it ; with her wonderfully smart melodies , and her sweet one of a kind voice .
 If you liked Vanessa 's first album then I highly recommend this album . The lyrics are great and the sound is awesome .
 I LOVE THIS ALBUM , IT 'S A CLASSIC . WITH UNIQUE SONGS , WITH GOOD MEANINGS . I WISH THIS ALBUM HAD MORE PUBLICITY , AND MORE SINGLES , BECAUSE THIS ALBUM IS WORTHTY OF GOOD SINGLES . LIKE : WHO 'S TO SAY - THIS SONG IS BEATIFUL IN IT 'S OWN WAY , IT TALKS ABOUT HOW WE DONT KNOW WHATS GOING TO HAPPEN IN THE FUTURE , SO LETS LIVE FOR THIS MOMENT.I COULD SEE THIS SONG BEING PLAYED IN ONE OF THE O.C EPISODES.ANNIE - SUCH A SAD SONG , ALMOST MADE ME CRY.I LOVE THE WAY SHE PLAYS THE PIANO ON THIS SONG . IT 'S VERY TOUCHING.PRIVATE RADIO - ONE OF THE VERY UPBEAT SONGS ON THIS ALBUM . I LIKE THIS SONG TOO . WHEN I FIRST HEARD THIS SONG I HAD IT STUCK IN MY HEAD FOR LIKE A WEEK.TRULY , ALL OF THE SONGS ON THIS ALBUM R GREAT . VANESSA CARLTON IS SUCH A TALENTED SINGER . I HOPE 2 SEE MORE OF HER AND TO BUY MORE OF HER ALBUM 'S .
 She gets wiser , and she does n't care what people would say about her music , because now she shows her darker side , but not a bad side at all , but just , deeper inside of her . The second album get 's better because her voice has somehow improved ever since her first album featuring `` A Thousand Miles '' which totally rocks . Now this features `` White Houses '' which sounds so deep if you listen carefully to the lyrics . I would really recommand this CD , because almost every song is good , better than her first of course .
 okay I would like to say thay i think this is the best cd I 've ever bought in my life . I 'm not even joking you ... and if you think im wrong , that 's okay ... I do n't really care . : DWhite Houses - The song is about a time with her friends , and she 's talking about how much fun she had and just all the experiences she had , this song is close to my heart , I seriously relate . The lryics are so relatable , and you feel like one of her friends . 10/10Who 's To Say - This is one song that I 'm sure I 'll love forever . It 's about her and her boyfriend and how no one approves of them and how young they are and how sometimes you listen to your family and sometimes you dont for your own good . This is kind of like Beautiful by Christina Aguilera , but more subtle . Like it kind of goes along with like same-sex relationships and stuff . The lyrics are amazing . 10/10Annie - It 's about a little girl she meets and she 's dying and she loves Vanessa a lot , and she just really admires her . She thinks that she should n't think that trying to live is life . One of my favorite songs of all time . Most definitly 10/10San Fransico - Obiously , about San Fran and it 's about what her perspective is about the city . The piano , and band playing in the back is great . This song just ... really makes you want to go there . 10/10Afterglow - Slower than the other ones but most definitly one of my favorites . The song 's about is talking about this revalation she 's having and how the person 's shes trying to tell inst understanding . `` If you could see , what 's coming over me then you would know ... '' I love this one 10/10Private Radio - This one could have definitly made it on the radio and would have done really well . Catchy ... very catchy , and a good song . Not my favorite , but a good one . 9/10Half a Week Before Winter - I 'm ont exactly sure what this song is about . . not my favorite ... actaully probably my least favorite . But it 's not terrible . 7/10Cest La Vie - Omigossh I love this song . It 's really raw , and it 's really tell-it-like-it-is . The music is beautiful and it 's one of my favorites . 10/10Papa - Really slow beggining . But the piano , and everyhting is really beautiful and really raw edged . Not as pretty at Whtie Houses , but still very good . `` Boy you give good , love plastic love . '' 9/10She Floats - I love the lyrics to this song , and the orchestra is amazing in this song . Very girl interrupted . People say it reminds them of Avril Lavigne , but no ... it sounds like Vanessa . 8/10The Wreckage - The lyrics are really ... Let 's just say that you have to read between the lines of the song ... It 's not easy to apprehend . But still very good , thought not my favorite . 7/10as you can see i really thought this cd was great . People say it was a bad second album . . I myself , did n't buy the first one , but I honestly think it 's the best cd i own ... and i own alot.Most Definitly buy this cd ... haha hopefully this was n't too long. : D
 I love this album , it 's my favorite of Vanessa 's so far . It 's darker and more gritty than her first album , which gives it a much more honest and genuine feel . It focuses less on love and romance than her other albums , and more on life and the experiences that less often make it into song.It was n't as commercially successful as her first because her label did n't give it much support and because the video for the single `` White Houses '' was banned from MTV -LRB- which is ridiculous , it was banned for this line
 Vanessa Carlton I did not truly recognize till White Houses . To me White Houses beats all three of her previous singles on Be Not Nobody altogether . I only had to hear White Houses a few times before buying her album Harmonium immediately . I was curious what else she had to offer besides WH . Well I must say the rest of the album holds up with the same strength and maturity as White Houses , and proves that Harmonium is definitely a step up from the very radio - friendly Be Not Nobody . The lyrics are stronger , and the sound is much more beautiful , intimate and even darker . Vanessa shows on Harmonium that she is not a pop princess at all . She has a lot to do and say in her music , and it does n't matter if the radio likes it or not.This album made me a very loyal fan of hers , plain and simple . She is talented , a growing songwriter , and her voice , while some may not like it - I actually love . Her voice grabs your attention because it is n't like a million other girl 's voices out there and her singing along with the lovely piano just makes altogether great music to me .1 -RRB- White Houses - A - The first and sadly only real single here in the US . This song did n't even do well and that 's a shame because it 's really a catchy and relatable song . The piano is especially lovely .2 -RRB- Who 's To Say - A - This should have been a single as well for it is just as catchy and actually quite beautiful song .3 -RRB- Annie - A - - This song had to grow on me a little , but it really is a mature and moving song . The lyrics are incredibly heartbreaking .4 -RRB- San Francisco - A - This for sure should have been a single not only is it with radio - friendly sound but it also is well - written .5 -RRB- Afterglow - A - A slower song , and very beautiful .6 -RRB- Private Radio - B + - Most assume this fast - paced song should have been the next single , but I still think there are better songs on this album . This song had to grow on me definitely .7 -RRB- Half A Week Before The Winter - A - Well done song really . It sticks out on the album the most for it 's odd and serious lyrics . I love the darkness of the song .8 -RRB- C'est La Vie - A - Probably my favorite song on here . It is such a bold song .9 -RRB- Papa - A - The piano is just excellent in this song , it keeps you listening to the end . The lyrics are a little confusing at least to me , but the piano is the star in this song .10 -RRB- She Floats - B + - Another grower of a song , but I got into it . It really is well - done of a song , and once more gives that dark , chilling feeling .11 -RRB- Untitled - A - One of her best on here . She is just amazingly powerful in this song.So overall some songs will have to grow on you , like many great albums eventually do for all of us . And another thing was how short some of the songs were - I wish some were a little longer . Yet this is a great and memorable album . Vanessa Carlton is way past her A Thousand Miles image on Harmonium and that is refreshing . I hope she continues on the same road because I think she 'll only get better . We 'll have to see , nonetheless , how impressive her growth will be on her third upcoming album.Also try and get her bonus track Where The Streets Have No Name - AMAZING cover Vanessa does on that song . It 's worth knowing definitely .4.5 / 5
 The first song in this album that I heard was `` White Houses . '' After listening to it for a few times , I could n't get if off my head and decided to get the entire album.Most of her songs are pretty slow compared to what I 'm used to listen to , but Harmonium is definitely more enjoyable than Be Not Nobody . I never really liked the first album and hardly ever listened to it , but I ca n't stop listening to this album . I may not be an expert in the music industry , but I admire Carlton because her lyrics are less cliche and more personal . `` White Houses , '' for example , tells an actual story , and no other songs can sound too similar like that . This is true for the rest of her songs . In addition , the piano is also great . Although there are drums and perhaps other instruments occasionally , what I enjoy the most really is the piano .
 How anybody can call this review bland i do not know . It is a fantastic album . The first six tracks -LRB- maybe excluding Annie -RRB- are amazing . Her music is alot more mature than her first album , the piano in Afterglow gives me goosebumps and when the drum beat kicks in on the second verse , i do n't need to explain how much i like it . To hear that the album had bombed in the US upsets me really because its miles better music than all that rap/hip hop rubbish that seems to get to the top of the charts . It has not been released in the UK yet and it deserves to be a massive hit but it propably wo n't because people seem to buy rubbish these days ... 50cent ... oh yeh he 's fantastic , he can sing and has rhythm ... NOT !! The best songs on this album have to be White Houses and Private Radio , Who 's to say comes a close second.Be not Nobody and Harmonium are two of my fav albums , you will not be let down if you buy this . Vannessa is a real talent . For all you people who say she ca n't sing well you must be one of those who listens to 50cent !!!!!!!!!!
 This album is one hundred times better than Vanessa 's first album , the lyrics are much more mature and the music is wonderful . All of the tracks are so addicting and it will have you putting on the repeat buttin on your CD player , it is worth any cost . It 's not one of those albums where the singers single is the only good song , all of the songs on this are album are fantastic , they are all good enough to become singles .
 I just got this cd for Christmas and its real good ! I didnt expect this from Vanessa ! Its way better than the first one ! But there is some songs that I dont really like ! But i guest those song will grow up on me and ill love them !! You definitly have to buy it ! WOOT For VaneSsa !
 This is one of those `` I bought the first one -- liked it -- but will I like the next '' cd 's . But I took a gamble , purchased it , and I 'm glad I did . Harmonium is a total mood piece . It puts you in this dark place with hope on the horizon . Like a million beams of sunlight streaming through . White Houses is plain fun ear candy . And San Fransisco is intelligent , catchy , and moving all at the same time . Vanessa pounds on the piano with such fervor in some songs , you feel like she 's moving mountains . Then touches the keys so lightly you barely hear the melody . A grand album . Two times the charm .
 since her debut in 2002 , vanessa has grown as a musician and a songwriter.her second release `` harmonium '' is every bit as good as her first.the arraingments of the songs here show her maturing as an artist.the songs are definately deeper and a little edgier than the first.a testament to her growth as an artist.her vocals on this record show her expanding on what she 's done before , and trying out some things you might not expect from vanessa.all in all i loved the cd and have added it happily to my collection already.if you like vanessa carlton or just want to try something different from a very talented artist , you should buy it as well.you wo n't be disappointed .
 I bought Vanessa 's debut album `` Be Not Nobody '' and fell in love with every individual piece . I even learned how to play some of them including `` A Thousand Miles , '' `` Ordinary Day , '' and `` Wanted . '' Each song told a unique story with a different sound in every piece of music . Each is its own unique masterpiece . Vanessa 's latest album `` Harmonium '' is only different in that the music and lyrics are more mature , considering this album was released 2 years after her debut . I recommend `` Harmonium '' to anyone looking for deep thoughts to get lost in , or music to be mesmerized by . Vanessa makes the piano sing , and she does it in only a special way she can . `` Harmonium '' is a must have for any pop music or sophisticated listener . Go Vanessa !
 Vanessa makes another great CD . From the very beautiful Afterglow to the catchy White Houses to the wonderful lyrics in Who 's To Say and the great music in San Francisco . Vanessa has followed up her hit Be Not Nobody with great success . Not only do you get awesome music but you also get a behind the scenes look at the making of the CD with the video track Pleased to Meet You .
 I 've only listened to this one a couple times , but it is already my favorite recording from this Rhode Island based duo -LRB- plus guests . -RRB- The Iditarod does something in modern psychedelic music that many people are not -- creatively exploring the lyrical side of european folk . I 'm not saying they are doing european folk songs , but rather , what they are doing feels closer to that tradition than anything else . But do not think this is anything less than exploratory underground folk music -- much akin to six organs of admittance , charalambides -LRB- when they chose to do folk -RRB- and even the frentic folk underground of Japan -LRB- Makami , Tomokawa , Inaba -RRB- . Beautiful , melancholic , with extraordinary vocals by Carin and equally compelling guitar work by Jeff -- ` Ghost , Cat , et al. ' is perhaps the best starting point for The Iditarod , and probably the most readily available .
 Their music is n't suicidal ... i know that you must not know too much about other subcultures than your own . . but really now , you do n't need to be stereotyping . * sigh * if only people would just be openminded . . it 's sad to watch people bash on others when they do n't even know what their talking about.Anyways , besides that ... I love cradle of filth . . i think they do a wonderful job in creating beautiful music and they seem very dedicated to it . I 'd recommend their cd 's to anyone who is openminded or just looking for a good sound . I 'm getting this cd .
 My goodness , this is a WONDERFUL cd , I would HIGHLY recommend Clay Aiken !!!!
 I purchased this cd the day it was released and have listened to it almost every day . I followed the idol series from the beginning and thought Clay and Ruben did an awesome job in displaying their great talent . Clay 's rich and powerful voice is an asset to the music industry . He is also a very likable guy with his goals , dreams and his honesty . I am looking forward to his next release and hopefully a little better songs to play up the quality of his voice .
 BILLBOARD HAS IT RIGHT . THIS IS A KEEPER . YOU WAIT AND SEE ... THIS IS JUST THE FIRST OF MANY GREAT ALBUMS THAT CLAY AIKEN WILL BE PUTTING OUT . CLAY IS THE BEST THING TO COME ALONG IN A LONG TIME ... THIS IS THE BEGINNNG OF A STRING OF HITS . WHAT HAS HAPPENED IS THAT THE SINGERS TODAY HAVE GONE OFF IN A DIRECTION THAT IS SO OUTRAGIOUS THAT HAS A SHOCK VALUE OF SEX , DRUGS AND FILTH . NOW MAYBE SOME FOLKS OUT HERE THINK THATS TALENT OR THEY JUST THINK ITS COOL TO TALK THAT WAY . WHEN WE WERE YOUNG WE LIKED TO THINK THAT WAS CUTE BECAUSE MOM AND DAD SAID WE SHOULD N'T TALK THAT WAY . . WELL PEOPLE WE KNOW THAT WE SHOULD N'T TALK THAT WAY ... WOULD YOUR MOM OR DAD LET YOU BE AROUND PEOPLE WHO TALKED THAT WAY ?? WELL IT WAS N'T OK WHEN WE WERE YOUNG SO WHY IS IT WE LOOK THE OTHER WAY NOW . I 'M NOT A PERSON THAT WOULD BE CONSIDERED A GOODY GOODY FOR SURE AND I THINK MUCH OF THIS SO CALLED MUSIC STINKS . WE PARENTS MUST SPEAK OUT . MY SON SAYS IF THEY SAY BAD WORDS IN IN RAP AND OTHER MUSIC WHY CA N'T HE ... THATS A GOOD QUESTION ... HOW DO YOU ANSWER THAT ? CLAY AIKEN HAS A BEAUTIFUL VOICE AND A MAN OF GOOD MORALS.A REALLY NICE GUY WHO CAN SING.CLAY GIVES US BEAUTIFUL SONGS AND A VOICE THAT NEIL SEDAKA SAID WAS AN INSTRUMENT OF BEAUTY . . I AGREE WITH NEIL !!
 I do n't agree that Clay shows no emotion . One needs only to listen to `` The Way '' , `` Measure of a Man '' , `` Run to Me '' ... or music from the AI season - `` Solitaire '' , `` Here , There and Every Where '' to hear plenty of emotion and inflection . Let 's not forget `` Silver Bells '' and `` Give a little love this Chrismas '' -LRB- forgive me if I got the title wrong -RRB- . Hopefully some of you have had a chance to listen to some of his demo music with many spiritual songs and one song that brought me to tears `` I Will Be There '' . Not only can this artist belt it out - he can also whisper softly and pull you right into the song . But I digress , as for my review of this CD , the problem is not the singer or the voice of the singer , but the weakness of the songs and their production . Hopefully , they will take more time with Clay 's next CD and bring music to the table that matches his talent . I recommend the CD on the strength of Clay 's voice and the way it makes you feel even the weaker songs .
 I decided to `` go for it '' and take the plunge and buy this CD not knowing what to expect . Let me tell you , I AM SO GLAD I DID ! I absolutely LOVE this CD . Clay 's voice is incredible and the music is so relaxing . It is the best album I have bought in a long time . My 5 kids even like it ; -RRB- You will not be disappointed if you love Clay Aiken 's voice .
 Best CD I have purchased , EVER ! From start to finish , this cd is wonderful . This guy can REALLY sing and sing GREAT ! Today 's pop musicians seem to be more about who can shock more in their videos , not displaying their voice , which in some cases is a good thing . Clay 's voice is in a word , PHENOMENAL !! He is what today 's music industry needs , a REAL singer , something that he does so well . His new video is AWESOME . His voice and his character just SHINE !
 I bought the new Clay Aiken CD `` Measure of a Man '' the first day it came out and have n't stopped playing it since . Every song is great and I find myself listening to the entire CD all the way to work and all the way home . My favorite songs are `` When You Say You Love Me '' and `` Measure of a Man '' . `` Measure of a Man '' reminds me of our soldiers in Iraq and would be an excellent tribute to them . Especially the part `` Would he give his life up , to be all that he can . Is that how you measure a man . '' I would recommend this CD highly to anyone and everyone . I would give it more than 5 stars if I could !
 Pure ... distinctive ... and true 100 % percent talent !! Clay Atkins is the new spirit of `` quality '' American music . All of the songs were driven by the superb vocals Clay possesses . It will be interesting to see Clay break-through the `` hum-drum '' love songs and let his real personality come through . It is , however , very enjoyable to listen to this CD ; a mellow sound with perfectly hit high notes that will bring you back to listen over and over . Watching his natural talents mature on American Idol he now delivers such an entertaining presents to his audience and everyone he reaches . Clay really is the winner ... on American Idol and with this outstanding CD . I ca n't wait to get his next release . What a joy he is to hear and see ... this is a `` wow '' performer and a great human being !!! Can you imagine that ...
 Well first of let me say I 'm an older music fan and I loved Clay 's new CD Measure Of A Man ! I watched him form the beginning from a shy young guy to this wondeful man with such a voice . His songs yes may be what some of you call POP or Bubble Gum but 's it 's real good feel music . Songs you sing in the car to get your day started or songs that make you think of an old first love ... Either way there is something for EVERYONE ! So run to your nearest store and buy this CD you want be disapointed I promised !
 I watched about 2 episodes of American Idol , but stopped watching when Frenchie Davis was booted off . What was I thinking , to have missed a great singer as Clay . I bought this CD yesterday , because he won Fan 's Choice at AMA 's and I love it . What an incredible talent this young man has . Ca n't quit listening to his voice . A +
 The first time I listened to this CD , I thought it was okay . But the more I listened , the more I appreciated it . I burned a bunch of my CD 's onto my computer at work and included this CD in the mix . I 've noticed that whenever one of these songs comes up in the playlist I always notice it . Clay 's voice stands out and I think it will stand the test of time . I ca n't wait until his next CD !
 what can i say this album rocks ... i mean it may not be American Idol but it is Clay ! ... who could hate this album ... especially with songs like `` The Way '' and `` Touch '' ... I really wonder who would hate that this album .
 I love this CD . When I buy a CD I usually only like 1 or 2 of the songs , but after listening to this CD I found that I liked every song .
 What more can I say ? His voice is so uniquely amazing . This is definately my all time favorite CD .
 I just love this cd . In fact , I had to buy a 2nd copy -LRB- one for the car & one for the house -RRB- . I 'm definately looking forward to the next cd . Hope it comes out soon . Great job Clay !!!
 Clay Aiken 's CD is consistently in the top 20 -LRB- actually the top 15 -RRB- of best sellers here at Amazon , and with good reason - it 's great singing and the songs are addictive . Buy it , you 'll thoroughly enjoy it !
 The first time i listened to the CD i did n't care too much for most of the songs . I since have listened to it several times after seeing him on TV . It has become one of my favorites ! He is a super singer and a decent guy . I want to hear the whole version of `` Solitaire '' . Good Luck !
 Dork Rock ... Please keep your cruel , gross and nasty remarks off here . You show your real character and it is so totally opposite of Clay and his fans . Grow up and find another web page to be so rude . We all wish Ruben well but PLEASE , children read these reviews and it is just not appropriate . I happen to think Clay is one of the best vocalist 's to come along in many many years . . and it is my right to have that opinion , as it is the right of others to respond positively to those singers they enjoy .
 ... and its Clay AikenMusic is the gift the true god gave us to pleasure the ear . And if you have n't got Clay Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man '' you will not endulge yourself in the gift that Clay gives to us . His Music truely is a gift from the true God.Although he may resemble the look of that loveable Pee-Wee Herman , I can tell you he does make you want to have a explosive discharge of ecstasy . He proves that you never should let your boy-hood dreams escape you.I think Clay will outlast most musicians today -LRB- unless he gets laryngitis and has to quit music -RRB- . Americans Love CLAY AIKEN !!!!!!!!!!
 I honestly do n't know what Amazon reviewer Jaan Uhelszki has against Clay . If anything , this album is definitely NOT a boy-band sound-alike . Clay 's style is somewhat hard to define as he goes against the `` pop '' styled music which seems to dominate the radio these days . He 's very smooth with a powerful voice - my favorite track is `` This Is The Night '' - very emotional and tender . He 's a nice guy who 's in a very tough business and there are those who do n't like him because he was `` made for TV '' - which is utter nonsense . His music is a welcome and soothing relief - a breath of fresh air , if you will . You will enjoy this album - guaranteed .
 Clay Aiken `` Measure of A Man `` I can say this album was a highly anticipated one for me for a long time . It was worth the wait I have to say for sure !!! : clapI am so glad so many well known people were chosen to write lyrics and music for this album . It should great promotion for them all including Darren Hayes , Rick Morales , Desmond Child , etc. . They all did a wonderful job for sure with the work and should all take a bow for the great finished product.This will be an album for all ages and men & women for sure . There are No objectionable lyrics of any kind , no references to sex , and most imporantly , lyrics you can actually understand and comprehend.A few songs have stood out for me for sure ... my personal favorite is `` When You Say You Love Me '' written by Darren Hayes -LRB- formerly of Savage Garden -RRB- and Rick Nowels . A catchy tune with great lyrics , with crossover appeal to pop & country music , and my pick for a future release off this cd for sure . `` I survived you '' is yet another one that really got me as well with the lyrics . The same for `` I will carry you '' . `` Invisible '' has a great beat and a great song when you are driving down the road.I ca n't really say that any of the songs are bad at all . Its rare to run across a cd these days where alot of the tracks sound too much the same lyrically and musically ... . I hope this means a return to singers and songwriters that write music & lyrics that people can truly relate to for sure.If you really loved this cd , I would recommend these other cds for your listening - they are similar in genres and styles in my opinion : `` Spin '' -- Darren Hayes `` Got ta Get Thru This '' -- Daniel Bedingfield `` Affirmation '' -- Savage Garden `` Mirrorball '' - Sarah MacLachlan `` Bare '' -- Annie Lennox
 Been waiting for this CD to be released all summer . Clay is a great singer and a great young man ! You can safely allow any age to listen to his songs and know they will love them ! His music reaches the young and the old , and he is a breathe of fresh air in this industry .
 This is the best CD I have purchased in years and I purchase a lot of music/cds . This cd shows Clays versatility as singer/performer . With true Pop Star delivery , his voice is powerful and emotionally charged . Finally a cd I do not have to flip through to get to the good songs , every song great . Clays voice has whispers of many great singers making its appeal span generations . But this `` Voice '' is an original and in a class all its own . I especially recommend `` Perfect Day '' , `` Shine '' , and `` Touch '' on this CD as they are my favorites .
 Wow , how often can you buy a cd and love every song on the cd and actually see that song become a # 1 hit ? Not very !!!!!! This CD has one hit after the other on it . The Way is absolutely gorgeous . Touch is amazing and sexy . Measure of a Man is beautiful and emotional . Invisible is fun and a catchy . Shine is very classic rock sounding something that could be song right out of the Beatles mouth . Perfect Day is just that perfect . This Is the Night of course , is a classic as Clay 's first hit single . No More Sad Songs is wonderful . I Will Carry You is edgy and great . Run To Me could be the # 1 love song of the year if it does n't get beaten out by The Way . I Survived You is wonderful and When You Say You Loved Me is a great uptempo fun song.I could n't even pick a song that I would want to follow Invisible because I think they all need to be on the radio right now being played repeatedly so everyone can get a chance to hear these songs.Clay must have had every great song writer in the world begging RCA to choose their songs for him to put on his CD .
 Clay aiken 's debut cd is NOT to be missed , filled with catchy up tempo beats it is clearly a winner . The cd is truly amazing , it has slick production and yet clay 's voice 's effortlessly shines through . If i had to pick 3 favorites -LRB- i ca n't pick one ! There 's too many -RRB- it would be 1 -RRB- Measure of a Man , slower than the rest with poignant lyrics . Clay 's emoting of the lyrics is pure and crystalline . 2 -RRB- Perfect day , wow is all i can say for this one , not a very ` clay aiken ' song , took me by surprise , but in a good way . 3 -RRB- The way , this is SO radio friendly ! Again , clay 's voice strikes an emotional chord in this one.Dark horse
 This cd is without a doubt one of my all-time favorites . Clay Aiken has such a beautiful voice and every song on this album is a potential hit . You have to buy this cd - you wo n't be disappointed .
 i totally reccomend this wonderful , great and really hot cd ... clay 's voice is so sexy , he really makes you feel really warm inside . his voice is so solid . im more of a hip hop and r & b person , but this is simply an exception . its totally 10000000000000stars ... 5 is too little !!!! i love this . . buy it !!! its great ... you 'll love it ... good job clay !!!!
 He 's finally here ... the world has been waiting for Clay Aiken for 40 years ! Finally , someone that the whole family can enjoy and not have fingers poised on ` off ' buttons for little ears . Clay fills the void that has been in the music industry for decades . There 's something for everyone on this CD ... for every mood ; `` the RX for whatever ails ya ! ''
 I 'm really happy to leave the first comment for Clay . Since I watched him on the final stage of American Idol , I 've waited for his 1st solo album for long time . Though I 'm unaware of what songs are on the list yet , it does n't matter . I 'm filled with high expectation for his brand new songs . For sure , all his songs can drive me into joy . Go CLAY !!!
 I highly recommend this cd . This is quite a departure from the A.I. 2 songs Clay sang . The pop songs are catchy and edgy and the ballads are strong . It really showcases his voice . I guess Simon was wrong , he really IS a pop singer . There are some great songwriters on here too . I predict many hits will come from it .
 I must give Clay 5 stars because he is such a great talent and such a great guy . I wish his producers had given him better material -LRB- maybe a few remakes of classics -RRB- and that the production better showcased his amazing voice . But I wish Clay only the best for a long and successful career . For an album more like what I wish they had let Clay do check out the amazing `` For You '' by Jonathan Pierce - awesome voice , great songs , outstanding production and a terrific message .
 I knew right away that America had made a mistake when they chose Ruben for the American Idol , and this cd only further proves my point.On occasion I have purchased cds and have not liked one or two tracks . This is not the case with Measure of a Man , ALL of them are AMAZING !! I recommend this cd to ANYONE who feels that Clay was cheated out of the AI title he SO deserved !!
 Clay did a fabulous job with his new CD . There is no question about that . What I found most interesting is that he seemed to explore a variety of genres . For the most part , he is a pop artist . But , he delved into some other arenas that were more Elton John and even some alternative-DMB influences . The last track , Touch , is ringing of Ricky Martin and the Latin pop scene . Needless to say , I loved all of it . Clay has an unbelievable voice . He 's cute too . : -RRB-
 My wife bought me a copy of this CD and I was n't sure what to expect -LRB- having never watched American Idol -RRB- . I was very skeptical . But after listening to it , I have to admit I was impressed . Clay Aiken has a very distinct voice , and I liked a number of the songs , especially Shine and Measure of a Man . The CD is professionally produced and it is hard to believe that Clay Aiken is only just starting out in this business . Based on what I heard from this CD , Clay Aiken should have of a long music career .
 Measure of a Man is a terrific CD . I am a Clay Aiken fan ; but I was afraid I might be disappointed because I love the type of songs he sang on American Idol and I was afraid it might be a big departure . Fortunately , it surprised me and I love it . It definitely has a contemporary pop/rock style to it ; but still lets Clay 's voice shine through . And , I actually like the songs . Amazingly , my 25 year old son really likes it too , so Measure of a Man is a CD that all ages can really enjoy . In fact , my son and I are always asking each other which is our favorite song on it and we both like so many of them . His favorites are I Survived You and Shine , mine are the beautiful ballads The Way and the title track Measure of a Man .
 Alright , I 'm starting to get a little teed at some of the reviewers here . I know that you are entitled to your own opinion . We are our own people and we are Clay fans . Many people love al the songs on this cd . I do for one . they 're beautiful ballads . I listen to it a lot on blue days when things go wrong . its very uplifting.You do n't have to say that no one appreciates his music outside the fanbase . you ca n't speak for everyone so do n't even try.No one is telling us to write reviews . but we are also entititled to our own opinion : -RRB- CLAY you 're number 1 do n't ever change : -RRB-
 I usually listen to Classical Music , but this is the first Pop Music Album I have enjoyed in a long time . Clay has a voice I can listen to over and over . I hope to hear more from him for years to come .
 I 've been a fan of Clay Aiken since the early AI-2 days , but was a little apprehensive about how his album would sound . He did n't let his fans down . Absolutely great songs and Clay 's voice is what makes them great songs . I do n't know if there has ever been an album that I 've owned where I could say I loved every song ... I can say that now . I read the various newspaper reviews and wonder if the critics are listening to the same album I 'm hearing . My guess is they are n't bothering to listen , they have their minds made up to be anti-Clay/American Idol ... it 's their loss . Thank you Clay Aiken for your wonderful voice and your outstanding values .
 How often do you buy a CD that you like every single track so much that you play it over and over . What can make a day happier than singing along with these great songs . I can not tell you how much I love this CD . I can not pick a favorite because every song is my favorite .
 I 'm back . I wrote a review yesterday , having just received the CD and having listened to it approximately 6 times . Since then I 've listened to it many , many more times , adding head phones to allow me to hear that magical voice more clearly . The more I listen , the more I love it . Regardless of the flaws I may perceive with the production aspects of the CD , Clay 's voice is absolutely stunning -- and that 's what the attraction has always been in the first place
 I think its great!Worth the money and you would want to hear itover and over again .
 Clay Aiken 's CD , Measure of a Man , is a wonderful CD . Clay 's voice is miraculous ; you have to hear it to believe it . What this man can do with his voice is amazing.If you are considering buying this CD and are turned off by the fact that Clay was discovered on American Idol , please do not let that stop you . You will surely miss out . As cheesy as American Idol can be , this show intoduced us to an unbelievable talent . And that is what Clay is ... Unbelievable . His voice soars and skyrockets ... he hits the high notes with ease . You will get goosebumps listening to him do what he does best.With the exception of Elton John 's Greatest Hits , I have never enjoyed a collection of music as much as Clay Aiken 's CD . Every song is fabulous in it 's own right , my favorite being `` I will carry you '' . I sincerely hope that you will purchase this CD as it will no doubt be one of your favorites -LRB- if not your favorite -RRB- . The one and only thing I would change for Clay 's next CD , would be for him to include more ballads . For this CD to be Clay 's debut CD is an amazing accomplishment . Clay is destined for greatness.Clay is here to stay . And thank God for that!Denise
 How could I -LRB- or anyone -RRB- give this album less than 5 stars ? I ca n't stop listening ! Clay 's voice is strong , soothing , and simply perfect . I was n't expecting a CD that was more soft rock/adult contemporary than `` Top 40 '' pop , but I 'm glad it is . It really showcases his amazing gift . For all those who said he could n't sing anything other than Broadway tunes , this album proves exactly how very wrong you are ! Song by song...-INVISIBLE is a pop standard . Yes , it 's a cookie-cutter boy-band-type song , but Clay makes it something more.-I WILL CARRY YOU is a strong pop-rock ballad.-THE WAY is destined to be a SMASH hit ... a romantic love ballad . Enriqure Iglesias gets a songwriting credit here . GREAT song !!! - WHEN YOU SAY YOU LOVE ME is light and catchy , but it may be the weakest song on the album . Still , as strong of a `` weak '' song as you 'll ever find.-NO MORE SAD SONGS took a couple listens to fully appreciate . Clay explores his bluesy side and assertiveness to the delight of this listener.-RUN TO ME , of all the songs on the album , best showcases Clay 's powerful voice that we all became so familiar with during `` American Idol . '' Also very well-written . - SHINE is another ready-for-radio hit.-I SURVIVED YOU also shows Clay 's assertive side , celebrating overcoming a lost love.-THIS IS THE NIGHT is the same song we 've heard since the show ended ... a solid ballad.-PERFECT DAY has that `` gearing up for a strong finish '' feel and is another good song.-MEASURE OF A MAN is a stirring , beautiful effort and is the best-written song of the album . Right up there with `` Invisible '' and `` The Way '' as the highlights of the album.-TOUCH is as sensual and suggestive as this album gets . Thank you , Clay , for putting out an album that is clean , respectful , and respectable.If you like soft pop-rock music , this CD will be a great addition to your music collection . Keep 'em comin ' , Clay !
 Thank you Clay for sharing your amazing talent with the world . There will always be skeptics but like all good people you look beyond their petty ignorance.It 's nice to have someone think of all the people who do n't care to listen to the garbage they call music today , most of which borders on vulgarity and lewdness.It is so nice to have someone care about what our children listen to as they grow . I feel sorry for the people who ca n't see passed their own selfish desires . This horrible music has been pushed off on us long enough and we are now taking a stand AGAINST it . THANK YOU CLAY !! YOU 'RE ALBUM IS AWESOME .
 Full disclosure
 Clay is off to a great start . His voice really comes through and the album is well produced . Lots of catchy songs from a vocalist who can really belt them out . His future should be very bright . A few too many love songs , but that 's a minor complaint because each song has it 's own personality and they 're not as mellow as I thought they would be . My favorite tunes are Invisible , I Will Carry You , No More Sad Songs , Perfect Day and Touch . As you can see , that 's about half the CD . Well done Clay .
 I really love this cd . The more I listen to it the more I love it . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because there are only 12 songs . I am really saddened by the fact the critics are n't even giving this album a chance . I believe that they pre determined this album would n't be good because it is from an AI contestant . Some of the critcal reviews are ridiculous . Clay sounds fabulous , he has several different sounds on this album . -LRB- not all ballads -RRB- He has an amazing voice and the songs will not offend anyone with their lyrics . My daughter plays this over and over while doing homework and I never tire of it .
 I am a mother of 2 , this cd is wonderful . There is not one song that I do not like . Both of my children who are of the age to enjoy music on radio or tv love this cd . Nothing on this cd that you have to edit out . It is wonderful .
 Anticipating this album has only made it that much better when I heard it the first , second , third and tenth times . Clay is a wonderful artist who knows how to sing . This is by no means bubblegum music . Clay is a very talented singer and I can not wait to hear that he is working on another album . This is a great cd from beginning to end .
 I could n't wait for this Cd to come out . While I was wanting to hear more standards from Clay , I 'm still very pleased . He has a natural God given talent . It comes through the best on his slower songs . My favororite is # 8 on the CD , `` I Survived '' . I wish they would put this out as a single . I think he will have a great future , and our prayers are with him all the way .
 I just think this is be best CD I have ever bought ! No one can even come close to the Amazing Voice that Clay Aiken has . Every song on this CD is full of passion and God given Talent .
 I have played my CD over and over so many times it is almost worn out already and it only came out a week ago ! I axiously waited for this CD to come out and was afraid that I would only like the songs I already knew , which is the case many times when you buy an album - you know one or two songs and when you listen to the rest , you are disappointed . Not so with Clay Aiken . I absolutely LOVE every song . Of course I love Invisible and This is the Night , but the title cut , Measure of a Man , really blew me away ! If you find the guy described in this song -LRB- like I did -RRB- , hang on to him . They are n't easy to find , but well worth the effort ! I just keep hitting the back button ! Then I go ahead and play the whole CD over again . I have a six CD changer in my car , but I do n't need the other five slots ! It is such an upbeat CD . The tunes are uplifting , as are the lyrics . I Survived You even seems to make breaking up seem not so bad . Whether you are in love now or trying to recover from a break up or just want to feel good , you NEED this CD . Clay , when I say I love you , I mean it !
 Clay 's CD is wonderful . The revolution has begun ! Nice music like this is what we want !! This CD shows a different side to Clay from the American Idol songs ; but equally as wonderful ! Go buy this CD ! The Way should be his next single !
 I bought this cd last week when it first came out and have played it every day since . I have it on my computer in my truck and take it with me everywhere . It is the best album I have heard in a long time . Love Clays voice and that cute smile he has , such a down to earth young man . I ca n't begin to even pick my favorite song from this cd . I loved them all . I do n't see why Clay did n't win AI2 , he was better than the winner and his cd proves it . Keep up the good work Clay .
 I believe this is the best album to come out this year so far . I do n't know how Clay did n't win with this kind of voice . I keep up in my music and this cd is definently one of the best i have heard . Once you buy it and hear it you will agree with me . Go Clay !!!
 how can anyone use words to describe clay ?? WOW !!! i can listen to his songs over and over and over again !
 ... this man is exellent !!!! How can you describe how great this cd is ?? Clay has definitly blew any chart toping hit out of the water ! clay is going to stick around for a while even when he fades away his songs will still be no. 1 in everyones hearts , well it looks like clay has no more compettion ! he 's outsold ruben studdard on his single and will probably do it again with this cd , Measure Of A Man !
 This is easily the best pop album of 2003 . This CD showcases Clay 's amazing voice with catchy pop tunes and beautiful ballads . I absolutely love this album -- every song!One of the amazing things about Clay is that my 18 year old daughter and my 68 year old father love him , too ! Very few of today 's artists have such wide appeal .
 This is an excellent choice for Clay . His voice is magnificent and the more I listen to it the more I love it . Here 's hoping this is the first of many more to come from Clay . I will be in line for each and every CD he puts out . Good going Clay !!!
 If this does n't go platinum quickly I will be surprised . I do n't think I can say enough about this album . It 's just great !
 After listening to the first 4 tracks , I thought `` Not as adult contemporary as I 'd hoped . '' However , after listening to the entire CD at least 3 times , I can honestly say that although there are only 12 tracks , there is n't a single one that I do n't like . I love `` A Perfect Day '' and the title track `` Measure of a Man '' . Not to mention , I 've been singing `` Invisible '' for weeks now . Sure it is n't `` typical American Idol Clay Aiken '' , but you know what ? American Idol is over , time for Clay to do what he wants , and he has . Thanks Clay !
 I am admittedly a huge Clay Aiken fan , so perhaps I 'm biased , but I am extremely pleased with this album . As some of the other reviewers have said , he really stretches his range of vocal styles . The songs are very catchy -- some reminscent of the 80 's , some the `` Clay '' style we all know and love -- but what makes them stand out even more is his amazing voice . My favorites are `` No more sad songs , '' `` Shine , '' `` This is the night , '' `` Perfect Day , '' and `` Measure of a man . '' This is unlike Kelly Clarkson 's and Justin Guarini 's albums , which seemed like a hodgepodge of far too many styles . This album is held together tightly by the touching lyrics and his outstanding musicality .
 I 've been a huge Clay Aiken fan from the begining , and have been waiting forever for this CD to come out ! It was definatly worth the wait , and it 's worth every penny , if not more ! This CD is amazing ! I ca n't stop listening to it , and all the songs sound so perfect ! Usually on a CD , I do n't like at least one song , but that 's not the case with this one . I 'm addicted to this CD ! All of these songs are sung so emotionally , it 's like he 's really into them , and you can tell he is . I LOVE YOU CLAY !
 Nice sounding CD as a whole . Finally , not a mention of `` bling bling '' on a current release . While many I am certain were hoping for a virtual replay of all of their favorite Clay songs sung during the American Idol competition , this set showcases what a nice voice this young man has . Sure , there is a tinge of `` predictability '' here . Then again , what did you expect ? Sit back and enjoy it .
 Measure of a man - is simply delitful , lyricaly , and music-wise simply the best . Clay Aiken has proven to be a good human being -LRB- he works with special kids , & has an asociation to help them . -RRB- . And now he proof once again that his voice is unique an simply irresistible . It 's an album full with passion , amazing lyrics , and God what an amazing voice , flat-out the best male voice out there . Clay gives us simply the best , this album realy shows that there 's still great music in the world . From the simply irresistible 1st single `` Invisible '' to the guitarr conduced style of `` Touch '' , Clay shows what he can do . He 's going to be around for a really long time , he 's going straight to the top . F.Y.I
 I enjoyed listening to this album immensely . Of all the songs on the album , `` Measure of a Man '' is my favorite . The lyrics are beautiful and meaningful , and the music is a pleasure to listen to .
 Clay delivers ! The songs showcase his beautiful voice , and they are varied enough to hold your interest . A great first CD . Ca n't wait to see what 's next .
 Clay 's new CD is absolutely amazing . All of the songs are great and the lyrics are n't offensive , so your whole family can listen . I would recommend this CD to anyone , whether you have been watching Clay since the beginning or not !
 Clay 's first major label album is amazing ! His voice soars to new peaks , and touches many emotions -- happiness , hope , desire , and sadness . The suprise songs for me on the album were I Survived You and Touch , which also happen to be two of my favorite songs . However , there is not a single song on the CD that I do n't like . I have not found a CD like this that I have played non stop since 2000 . Great job Clay ! I encourage everyone to give this disk a listen !
 I feel in love with Clay on American Idol and I continue to this day . If I am having a bad day all I have to do is to put on his album and close my eyes to chill me out . His superb voice excites me and brings joy to my life . He is not only a truly gifted singer but also is the perfect person to be a american idol . How refreshing to see someone stand up for clean lyrics and wholesome beautiful music . He is a great role model for anyone . I hav n't been this excited about a singer in the last ten years with the exception of Josh Groban . Every time I see Clay he is more polished and so entirely charming . I will buy every record that he puts out . Do yourself a favor and buy this album ...
 I love Clay just the way he is or should I say was because some producers or who ever went into the studio and took a special part of Clay away in this CD . It is a good CD and I will enjoy it but it could have been great if they had not messed with the essence of Clay . To the producers or remixers or who ever the quilty party is CLAY 'S VOICE IS GREAT IF IT AINT BROKE DONT FIX IT !!!!!
 I am enamoured of Clay Aiken 's talent and his awesome beauty of instrument . Not only is Clay superb in his delivery of all the songs in this album but his voice really draws you into such chilling feeling that you wish to escape together with him into the epic portrayed by each song . Aiken is truly an artist . Only great artist can make the listeners possess that kind of feeling .
 Still the best vocalist to emerge from AI , and perhaps one of the best new vocalists in years . I agree that the engineers took away some of his strength , but think the producers wanted to highlight his smooth stylings rather than his impressive range . That 's fine with me and `` I Survived You '' gives me the opportunity to listen to his strength . What an amazing song .
 Why was n't Clay crowned American Idol?Why is Clay 's album coming out a month in advance from Ruben 's ? How in the world did Clay 's album go platinum in a day , and double in a week ?! I 'm not sure ! But I do know this album is the single most fantastic album I 've ever heard , I 'm even tempted to buy multiple coppies to keep everywhere and to give to friends !! You wo n't be disappointed in Clay , I hope there will be MANY MANY MANY more albums to come !! I can guarentee you the ONLY people who wo n't like this album are sour Ruben fans -LRB- and even they have trouble covering up how much they love him -RRB- .
 Listened to the CD three times and love it . Catchy tunes I caught myself humming throughout the day . Love ballads that I so moving . Great mix of songs . It sure beats listening to some of the hard core music we have on the radio today . A few tunes were almost Beatles sounding . Clean and refreshing !!! Clay should just stay the way he is and his style should be left untarnished by the whoever tries to change it . Anyone who wants an enjoyble CD that they can understand and feel good while listening to it should buy this CD . The CD just makes you feel good . Clay sounds great .
 Buckle up your seatbelts and enjoy the Clay Train because the smooth vocals of Clay Aiken propels this to my favorite album of the decade . Let 's not forget that less then 9 months ago , Clay was a college student working on his degree and looking to a future in the classroom and BAM ! -LRB- tm Emeril -RRB- life has other plans for this immensely talented geeky kid that had the nerve to declare himself the `` American Idol '' even before he sang a note in front of Simon Cowell . Every track on Measure of a Man is a winner and just got to say `` Invisible '' is one catchy tune and I dare you not to be tapping your foot and singing along to the lyrics when it plays on your stereo . `` I Will Carry You '' is really addicting and you 'll be hitting the repeat button on your CD Player and `` Measure of a Man '' is another great song that has powerful lyrics that really tell a story about Clay 's journey down the Road Less Traveled . It 's just so hard to talk about Clay 's music without talking about the man and he really is a breath of fresh air in the music world which had become stagnant for me . I now have a reason to go to the music stores and buy a really fabulous CD to hear that VOICE and Clay is fighting a quiet revolution to produce the kind of music that will stand the test of time .
 Mr. Aiken 's voice is truly captivating , enchanting and so powerful ... I , like many of his fans who hold him in such high regard , am thrilled to finally hear what I consider to be the music of his heart . Invisible is a fast paced fun song , even invigorating . `` I Will Carry You '' is a strong ballad and I must say , Mr. Aiken can carry me anyday ! `` The Way '' which Mr. Aiken sang this morning on Good Morning America is probably the most powerful ballad on the album , in addition to the sultry and drop dead `` thud '' song appropriately titled `` Touch '' . Finally , the song `` Measure of A Man '' sends a powerful message of what is truly important in life ... and that is having the love of a good man .
 I bought this CD a few weeks ago and I still listen to it everyday . This guy is amazing . Very NICE , voice . It keeps my day going . RCA did a wonderful job in signing this wonderful guy ! What a talent!My advice for every magazines in the country , if you want to make more money , put Clay Aiken 's face in the cover page . It surely will sell as fast as his records !!!!
 What a voice - he sounds better than he did when he `` lost '' the Title at the American Idol show.The music is very upbeat and is just very enjoyable to listen to .
 I have this CD for over 6 weeks and I ca n't have enough of it ! Clay 's got a superb voice ; and it is nicely reflected on his CD ... However , it is true that a few songs do sound a bit similar . It would have been interesting to have another song that he did on AI -LRB- my personal favorite
 He should have been the American Idol . Wish I had taken the time to vote now . I love to listen and so does my daughter . She is 5 and a total Clay freak .
 I agree with some of the other comments here that this album just does not do justice to clay 's amazing voice ... here in NZ they put bridge over troubled water on the album , and thats almost the best one on there , coz it has heart and his voice is nice and strong like it was on the show.I also think that for this CD he didnt have much choice or freedom in what to sing at all . The record company obviously wrote some random songs , and thats why some of you people think he is `` junk '' and too pop band like ... but he isnt , he just didnt have much choice , and probably happy that he got a record deal in the first place . . Im sure Clay 's next one will be more personal , and more of what he actually wants to sing , and more of what we want to hear.But i still love this CD !! the track measure of a man is especially good :-RRB- I recommend you buy it , and keep supporting Clay , coz we will see great things from him in the future , but we need to keep him on the charts in order for him to make his next heaps better album . GO CLAY !! And if you dont like him then dont buy the album ... simple as that .
 This is good music . I do n't understand WHY most people do n't realize this . I also do n't understand WHY certain persons feelobligated to attack the wonderful singer on this CD . They should all be like BOB , FROM NYC -LRB- 11/25 -RRB- , the theatre professional who actually has the guts to tell the truth -- it is Excellent Pop . Kudos to him for his honest opinion . Measure of a Man is as refreshing an album as you 're going to get these days ! Let it 's position of being consistently in the top 10 best sellers here tell the story . BUY IT !!
 The songs on this CD are all beautiful and all showcase Clay 's magnificent voice . It was well worth buying and listening to every day . The songs were selected beautifully and my recommendation to buy this album is very strong .
 This album is great!One of the best newest album out on the market.Please , go out and buy the album .
 Cool CD :-RRB- Lots of cool songs . ahahaha and he beat ruben !!!!!!!! Measure of a Man and I survived you are the best songs on the album i think . But i love all his songs and i recommend it for everyone . Its great to listen to REAL loud and quietly as well . Definately a good buy !!! WE LOVE YOU CLAY !!!!
 I bought this cd on the advice of a friend . It is full of fresh songs and Clay 's vocals are superb . The best songs are :1 . `` Measure of a Man '' , a power ballad that may bring you to tears .2 . `` I Will Carry You '' , a fun light rock selection .3 . `` Perfect Day '' , a romantic beauty that showcases Mr. Aiken 's strong vocals.Overall , it is a great cd . It is full of refreshing songs that will carry you through many a long car ride ... while happily singing along . My biggest complaint is the lack of lyrics inside the cd .
 MOAM is one of the nicest albums to listen to as I work.I never get tired of hearing Clay over and over ! Was a fan of AI2 and rooted for him all the way . We are so proud of him - he is ours -LRB- we 're sharing him with Raleigh -RRB- . My favorite is The Way , Run To Me and Invisible , all a little different . Also like Touch - ca n't wait for Solitaire to be released ! Next album should have more variety in it - ca n't wait !! U go Clay !
 Clay Aiken has a beautiful voice , and I 've loved listening to his debut CD . This is n't the type of music I usually listen too , however , this guy has something very special.I highly reccomend this CD , and look forward to more from Clay Aiken !
 I became a fan of Clay while he was on American Idol . I could not wait until this album came out.I have listened to this album over and over again . I think that they have tapped only a small slice of Clay 's true voice and style . I ca n't wait for the NEXT album!If you like mid tempo music , this album is for you !
 I had watched Clay on American Idol and fell in love with him and his voice . His voice is just as great as his personality . Thats pretty hard to find these days with your singers who get fame and fortune and forget where they came from . But not clay . This CD is excellent , and I highly advise everyone buy it . Anyone who thinks he 's `` broadway '' or `` okay '' must be tone deaf . There is very few men anywhere who has the range and God given talent this guy has . Plus he 's very easy on the eyes ! This has everthing from pop songs to songs about love and his father to a little bit of religous sound . It 's a very well rounded CD . He has n't let the fame go to his head and I think he deserves every bit of respect he recieves . After all anyone who is willing to help others with autism cant be a bad guy right . I rate this cd with 5 stars because he deserves it . Great job clay ! Looking forward to you going on tour and having another single out . God Bless You !!!!!
 I was more of a Ruben fan during the series . I listened to Clay 's album , and ended up buying it . It 's very good . There are a lot of ballads , which show his true vocal talent . I think `` Invisible '' is by far the best track on the album .
 Do n't know what `` Dork Rock '' is coming from , a lot of the comments were n't even about the CD ! I think this is a fantastic CD as do a lot of my peers , young and old . It really is a CD for everyone . Clay 's voice is wonderful , he has a lot of range and there is n't a bad song on his CD . Usually , when I buy a CD , I have one or maybe , two tracks that I really like , but this CD does n't have just one or two , they are all great !!! Definitely worth buying and listening to !
 I disagree with Mr. Juanthom11 about Clay Aiken 's CD . It seems to me by reading his `` see more about me '' profile that he is biased towards ... well , you should read it for yourself . Being educated in music means NOTHING to me . What does mean something is an honest evaluation of Clay 's singing . It is not screaming to me ; it is EMOTING quite well . Plus the songs are something you can identify with and sing along to . -LRB- Maybe Mr. Jeanthom11 also needs to educate himself in punctuation
 I can see Clay Aiken as the next NEW `` KING OF POP '' . He is unquestionably the most talented new artist of this decade . He will go a long way , I predict , appealing to all age groups . His clean-cut image and refreshing style makes him a winner !
 This is an absolutely wonderful CD . Like others , I love listening to the entire CD in the car , from start to finish . Clay 's voice is pure joy to listen to , and touches deep inside the soul ! Carry You reminds me that I am not alone in life . Clay has a unique gift and voice . Do n't miss out on this opportunity to be blessed !
 This CD is excellent ! This young man is turning the music industry on its ear ~ ~ ~ ~ and i couldnt be more happy ! I hope Rueben does the same ! Also ... bye the way , YOUR REVIEW -LSB- ABOVE -RSB- STINKS !
 There are about 6 songs on this album that are bound to become classics . Although Aiken 's voice is missing some of the richness showcased on American Idol , the tunes are excellent and his talent shines through . There 's a little bit of Beatles , John Mayer , Elton John , Peter Cetera , and other classic artists ' influence throughout the album 's tracks . But it all comes together to create a unique pop sound that is Aiken 's alone . While most albums end up with a few `` clunkers '' , every song in this collection is enjoyable and shows Aiken 's talent for hand-picking winners .
 Measure of a Man is a masterpiece of pure vocal talent by Clay Aiken . His sound is pure , gorgeous , unique , and grabs you inspite of very little use of reverb -LRB- echo -RRB- . Reverb helps give you that big concert sound . He excels without it . He also recorded this album approximately in 6 weeks . That 's pure talent , folks . Also , every song on this album could be released as a single , and it would still fly . However , I do have my favorites . The Way , really gives Clay that edge for # 1 male vocalist award , as well as I Will Carry You , I Survived You , Measure of a Man , and Perfect Day . Invisible and Touch-are very salsy , and sexy , a nice change for Clay . I ca n't wait for the videos . All in all , Clay has a great album , the best I have heard in a long time . He deserves a grammy nomination , for he has outdone himself .
 This is a fantastic first album for the `` real '' winner of American Idol . This album has none of the American Idolish songs and Clay 's vocals are outstanding . This album will set a record for one of the quickest selling albums in music history . Do n't delay -- get your copy now !!!
 Today is the `` Perfect Day '' - Clay `` Touch `` es us with `` The Way '' he sings . He `` Shine `` s in this CD . Clay definitely does not disappoint . There 's a song on this CD that should appeal to anyone who loves music . Clay is no longer `` Invisible '' - he 's a popstar with a wonderful voice and most importantly integrity ... and that 's the `` Measure of a Man '' .
 Every single cut on this album is one I love to listen to ... Normally I find myself skipping cuts on CD 's , but NOT this CD !!!! Excellent first album ... Ca n't WAIT for the next one .
 I loved it . I could listen to Clay all day . It shows he is the real winner . I decent guy who is just trying to do the right thing . It 's a must for Aiken fans .
 I have to say that from the first time I heard Clay 's voice ... I was hooked . I just knew that any CD he created ... would have to be great ... with a voice like his . The Measure of A Man CD is absolutely terrific . EVERY single song holds my interest . Aside from the music , the lyrics are outstanding . I will be surprised if most people do n't agree with my review . I 'm positive we 'll be hearing about Clay for years to come . He is the best ... plus it helps that he is simply adorable !! Our congratulations ... from my entire family . Best of luck Clay & God bless ! EileenP.S . I could n't wait a day past Oct. 14th . to listen to this : -RRB-
 I have listened to the CD on repeat since I ripped it out of the package this morning . Clay definately delivers on this CD . So refreshing to listen to an artist who does not need the assistance of an autotuner to make their voice sound glorious . MOAM , Touch and Perfect Day stand out and I ca n't the tunes out of my head . Would recommend to anyone who enjoys a quality vocal instrument . Clay makes beautiful music .
 I had great expectations of this CD . It has surpassed all expectations I could have ever imagined . I do n't recall when I have ever heard a CD and absolutely LOVED EVERY SONG on it . I am a huge fan of Clay Aiken 's and I knew he would n't let his fans down . If you do n't buy another CD this year , make sure you do n't miss out on this one . It is worth whatever you have to pay for it . FANTASTIC !!!!
 Because of Clays amazing voice , I was expecting a great album , but I had no idea that it would be such a completely beautiful cd . If this is what his first album is like , I ca n't wait for the next one .
 I have bene so impressed with Clay since AI and LOVE the CD ! It 's awesome to know that it 's possible to be a celebrity , keep a clean image , and be wonderful at what you do !! Keep up the good work , Clay !!
 thankfully an artist has come along who sings from the soul and touches others souls with his voice.each track on the cd is a treat-especially since you can actually hear and like the words.the lyrics actually have meaning.hopefully this cd will spark a revolution in music that is sorely needed . kudos to clay for making a cd for us not for the industry-that to me shows he is truly understanding what the measure of a man is .
 This is a great CD I love it especially THE WAY -LRB- which is one of the most beautiful songs I ever heard -RRB- and PERFECT DAY that I thought was going to be stupid cause of the title sounds awesome . WHEN YOU SAY YOU LOVE ME sounded kind of like a country song but it was still a good song . I do n't know why critics did n't like it I love this CD and obviously a lot of fans do too . GO CLAY great album
 I wish that some of the negative reviewers would realize that this is Clay 's FIRST CD ! Having said that , the CD far surpassed my expectations . Yeah , maybe some of the songs sound `` cookie-cutter '' , but they are all enjoyable anyway . I am so glad that a `` geek '' with an incredibly gifted voice has made it this far . I , as a musician myself , am sick of the Britney Spears of the music world who get by on looks alone . Clay has a kind heart and speaks with intelligence . I 'm so happy for him and hope that he continues to succeed . Buy the album - you wo n't be disappointed .
 Clay 's CD is remarkably outstanding . The songs were inspiring , with interesting / romantic lyrics ; very good musical arrangements which blended well with the magnificent voice and personality of Clay . -LRB- I especially like the song `` Touch '' . -RRB-
 Billboard called his CD Art and I agree 100 % . Clay is a true talent . His songs are some of the most beautiful , the CD is one of the best I have ever heard . And I 'm one who LOVES Classic rock Beatles , Queen etc. . So to love a `` POP '' CD for me is unheard of.But ever since I heard him there was something about him . His pure and power voice , * you can understand him * his HOT looks The Man is HOT ! hehe This Texas girl loves you Clay!But also he has a great heart . And myself being a teacher and having learning problems we can all look up to Clay . He is a role model and he knows it and is doing a great job of it.Back to the music my favorites have to be Run To Me , MOAM , I Survived You , and Perfect Day . These to me are a little bit of Rock and Roll Clay . MOAM just makes me cry . * All the songs are GREAT I saw him sing Invisible in person and cried * Anyway if you want just good , great , music to listen too ages from 2 to 92 can enjoy this CD and just listen and look up to this great person and singer name Clay Aiken.Thank you Clay for bringing Music back ! And YAY for being Double Platinum ! = -RRB-
 CLAY AIKENAlbum Title
 The clarity and distinction of Clay 's voice just blows me away . This is an amazing 1st CD . Every track has the power to become a number 1 single . The dedication 's inside the cover show the sensitiviy and caring of a true artist . The arrangements are outstanding . The lyrics hit home . Clay captivated America and he certainly touched my heart . Congratulations on a superior job .
 Clay 's voice is amazing ! Wonderful debut CD and I hope there will be many many more to follow . I like each and every song and have purchased one for home and one for work !! If my car had a CD player , I would purchase one for it too ! Perfection !
 This album is a MUST for pop music lovers . Clay 's vocal talent is evidenced throughout this musical masterpiece . Every song is memorable and a joy to listen to over and over again . In my book , it does n't get any better than this .
 Me loves this CD . I knew that when I first heard him , I knew that he would be a star . Sure , he does n't have the best looks , but his voice is meaningful . He 's a great person and does very nice things . GO CLAY !!!
 Every song on the CD is great but seeing and hearing him sing these songs in person is even better ! Even some of the reviewers who were against him changed their minds when they heard him sing The Way , Invisible , Run To Me , When You Say You Love Me , in addition to cover songs . They were absolutely astounded and said Clay `` soared '' !! We all knew that did n't we!Get this CD and play it loud !!! U go Clay !!!
 I ca n't wait for the release of Clay Aiken 's songs `` The Way and Solitaire . I have been scouring all the stores and I will buy any magazine that has Clay Aiken on it.Clay Aiken is pure , that is what Glady 's Knight said in AI2 , and I agree 100 % . A new artist usually is more interested in getting themselves rich , but Clay is different , he is more keen in educating and helping disabled children .
 Clay has such a wonderful voice !!!!!!!!!! He does n't seem to strain when he sings and you can tell he puts feeling into every word ! This CD is GREAT ! My whole family LOVES it . The greatest thing he does with his misic is that he believes that if young kids ca n't listen and enjoy , why sing.Music is entertainment purpose not for badmouthing , swearing , using inappropriate language , etc. . One thing I have to say is that CLAY AIKEN knows where priorities lie when it comes to music .
 Okay , in all honesty
 I love this CD . the song `` measure of a man says it all ! '' There are so many people out there that judge people for what they have an not who they are . All of Clay 's songs touch your heart ! FINALLY someone that is in the spotlight that doe n't dress and act like trash ! He said `` I will never do anything that I would that I would be ashamed of '' . There are not to many performers out there these days that can say that ! He is a one of a kind ! He has a truly loving and caring heart ! Clay Aiken is what this world needs and this CD is the best CD I have heard in a LONG time ! If I had kids I would n't be afraid for them to listen to it ! Clay is the best ! Keep up the great work Clay ! And stay true to your heart !
 The American Idol runner-up Clay Aiken has successfully become a star . This CD is outstanding - a must own for the ultimate Clay fan ! Includes his # 1 chart-topper `` Invisible '' . Also has `` I Will Carry You '' , `` Measure of a Man '' , `` I Will Carry You '' , `` No More Sad Songs '' , `` The Way '' and much more ! Girls have fallen in love with him since the day he walked onto American Idol and I 'm sure you did too ! :-RRB- Own this astonishing CD right away !
 Great cd by Clay Aiken ! I truly love ALL of the songs on here , Excellent job Clay , Thank you , I would highly recommend this cd to all of you !!!! A +
 I was very excited to get this cd and I was not dissappointed . Clay is a wonderful singer with a big clear voice with a very good range . What I liked most about this cd is that the songs deliver good messages and no dirt . I would say that this album is a mix of pop rock and inspirational . Some of my favorite songs would be : Invisible - fun , upbeat , and good lyric about not being noticed by the person you are attracted to.The Way - Wonderful , romantic and I expect that it will be played at a number of dances and proms.I Will Carry You - reminds me of the songs Bridge Over Troubled Waters and He 's Not Heavy , He 's My Brother with its moving and inspirational message.This is the Night - another romantic song that gives me the tingles.Measure of a Man - This song could easily fit in a gospel/inspirational album . Fabulous message in it.This cd makes me go back and forth between dancing and getting teary eyed . I bet you will feel the same way .
 I GIVE THISE C.D 5 STARS AND MORE . THISE IS THE BEST ALBUM I HAVE HEARD IN A VERY LONG TIME AND I LOVE MUSIC WITH ALL MY HEART . CLAY IS AWSOME I HOPE KICK RUBENS BUTT IN THE SALES
 This is the best cd ever!I really like all the songs . . I mighthave a favorite song off of this cdin like a week , but for now . . I lovethem all ! His voice is just so amazing !! and so are his looks !! Love ya Clayton !
 I picked up my copy this morning and was blown away ! I loved Clay 's voice just from hearing him on A.I. but this CD just made me fall even deeper in love ! There are few CDs of which I can honestly say I love ALL of the tracks ... there was no skipping over tracks for this CD ! GREAT JOB CLAY !!!
 Well first this is one of if not the best cd I have listend too.This Cd shows off Clay Aikens wonderful talent with tasteful enjoyable catchy songs . . I recomend anyone to buy this CD , your whole family can enjoy it from babies to seniors it is amazingyou wont be dissapointed I promise
 This album definitely showcases Clay 's amazing vocal ability ! He truly puts his whole heart and soul into the songs . I found myself tearing up during `` I Survived You '' and `` Measure of a Man '' . Clay has so much talent and he gave such a beautiful album and we see what a wonderful gift God has given us in this young man ! Go Clay !!!
 I AM NOT ONE TO GO CRAZY OVER ANY SINGER , BECAUSE HONESTLY I HAVE NOT HEARD ANYONE WHO COULD REALLY SING WITH SUCH POWER AND EMOTION AS THIS YOUNG MAN , CLAY AIKEN . HIS NEW CD , MEASURE OF A MAN , IS FILLED WITH GREAT LYRICS THAT DELIVERS EVERYTHING THAT YOU WOULD EXPECT FROM YOUR FAVORITE CD AND MORE . THIS CD IS BETTER THEN IT HAS TO BE . YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED . CLAY AIKEN IS A SINGER THAT THE WORLD HAS BEEN WAITING FOR . WE HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR SO LONG , THAT WE ALMOST FORGOT , WHAT GOOD MUSIC WAS ALL ABOUT , UNTIL CLAY AIKEN . I THANK GOD FOR CLAY , BECAUSE NOT ONLY CAN HE ENTERTAIN US WITH HIS BEAUTIFUL VOICE BUT HE IS A WONDERFUL ROLE MODEL FOR YOUNG & OLD.I HOPE CLAY CONTINUES TO BE HAPPY SINGING TO HIS FANS , BECAUSE I HOPE TO HAVE A COLLECTION OF MANY OF HIS CD 'S . GET THIS CD YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED .
 The music was definitely worth the wait ! Clay 's determination to stay true to himself is completely evident in all of his songs ... my favorite , by far , being Measure of a Man , which gave me chills towards the end . I do n't care what music producers think makes a phenominal `` pop star , '' I am a part of America , along with 20 million others who thought Clay was deserving to be a star . His genuine heart and soul clearly shine through in his music , in his smile , and in his goodwill . Be it a professional singer or a special education teacher or principal , he is bound to touch lives . If this album is any indicator , which I hope it will be , America will have much of Clay Aiken to look forward to in the future .
 Clay 's CD is THE BEST !!! I love every song !! I cant choose a favorite cause they are allmy favorite ! LOVE LOVE LOVE the poster inside , but there was no reason to airbrush the WWJDoff off his bracelet . The cover is HOT ! The posteris HOT ! The picture on the inside is HOT ! Thesongs are HOT ! I love everything about this CD !! Everyone go get 7 !! LOL : D
 Well worth the wait ! It 's all and more we 've come to expect from Clay ! There is n't a song on this CD I do n't like . This CD will prove why Clay should have finished 1st in the Idol competition . Cudos to Clay !
 While the song selection does n't allow much room for Clay 's awesome glory notes , his amazing voice shines through loud and clear ! This album is definitely POP and will forever dispell the Broadway comments often hurled in his direction ! Every song on this CD will pull you in ... there are no losers here !
 WOW ! I just purchased Clay Aiken 's first full-length CD which I 've waited for a very long time . His first song on the CD should be `` Incredible , '' not `` Invisible , '' because his talent will make him everything BUT invisible . Each time you hear one his his new songs , you think , `` I like that one best , '' until you hear the next one and then the one to follow . You will fall in love with each and every song . Clay sings with such passion , it is obvious he is a real , caring , genuine human being . I recommend this CD to people of all ages , which is the `` incredible '' talent Clay has . His talent appeals to people of all ages and lifestyles , not just one particular market . His talent and new CD almost makes me want to say , `` Ruben , who ? ''
 Clay Aiken 's new cd went above and beyond any expectations I had for it . He stays true to his style and true to his self with many great songs . He has such an amazing talent and this album definitely displays what people love so much about him .
 This is the best cd ever ! I love Clay Aiken ! When he sings I get tingles all over my body . He is just such a powerful singer and this album really brings out what he can do . It does n't matter that he did n't win American Idol his cd is the best and it will go far . His cd will definently out sell Ruban ! I love all of the songs on this cd !
 Clay Aiken 's new cd went above and beyond any expectations I had for it . He stays true to his style and true to his self with many great songs . He has such an amazing talent and this album definitely answers why people love him so much ! : -RRB-
 I purchased the Cd today , I listen to it 6 times , it is a great cd , I was surprised at his sound and the type of music he chose for the cd ... Great selection and mix of music ... I believe this will be a hit for him ... I like cuts Number 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 7 , 8 , and 11 . Great going Clay ...
 This is such a terrific album ... I highly recommend it ! Clay sounds so wonderful on all the tracks ! : -RRB-
 This album shows off Clays truly amazing vocal talents . The new kid on the pop scene has already blown away the critics . He has been nominated for an AMA before the release of his first CD . This man has talent and this CD proves it . What an amazing voice . This is well worth the money . Clay Aiken rocks !
 My car 's CD changer currently has The Beatles , The Who , Sting , Eminem , Coldplay and this CD . What all these artists have in common is artistic excellence in their particular genres . This CD let me smiling and speechless today . There 's at least four # 1 hits on this CD . This man can sing and its been said before but he is the next Sinatra . Amazing range and feeling and the songs are , for the most part , beautiful and powerful.Get this CD ... you will not go wrong . It does n't look like Clay is going to go wrong either : - -RRB-
 WOW ! Clay 's new CD is amazing.It 's hard to pick a favorite song as there are so many that are remarkable . This is a CD you can listed to over and over and never tire of it . His voice just keeps getting better and better , if that is possible !!
 I had been looking forward to the release of this album and I am very happy to report it is more than I expected . Several of the songs on this CD is destined to be classic 's . How rare is it that every track on a CD is good -- more than good , excellent . If you enjoy good pop music , you will love this CD .
 I have been a Clay fan since the begining of American Idol . This CD surpassed my expectations , I LOVED it . Every single track flows beautifully the different emotions expressed by each song wiht his powerful voice . Not one track let me down . I would highly , highly reccomend this CD for anyone , its so versatile and phenomonel . Excellent .
 Ever since AI finished I have been waiting for this album to arrive . Now that it has , it surpassed my expectations . I like every song on it . Clay 's voice is amazing as always , and his song choices were right on the mark . I hope to hear many more albums from Clay in the future !
 If you love Clay Aiken , this is the CD for you . It 's absolutely wonderful ! It 's great to see such a talented , gracious and genuinely nice performer make it to the top . Clay Aiken will go far ! And - Miss Oklahoma - You 'd be nuts not to make the Billboard Award show as his date !
 Clayton - what a great cd - it combines pop , with soft ballads , and a little bit of rock !!! Thank you -- I a am strickly a heavy metal kind of girl - which is why no one understands why I just love you !! but this CD is more than I could have imagined - Congratulatons , hope it is very successful for you .
 Perfect Day is my favorite and I love Shine , Measure of a Man , I Survived You , and Touch . Unlike other CDs purchased in the past where I only enjoy one or two songs on a CD , I like every , single song on this album . Each time I play this CD I enjoy it more . I highly recommend this album.It 's very different from what is being played on the radio today . Does that make it edgy ? Maybe . I find what is considered edgy today rather BORING and cookie-cutter . The only problem with this CD is that I want MORE . Already anticipating the next CD .
 just love Clay 's voice , amazing kid , a very good album , there is no song you want to skip it , very enjoyable from beginning to the end ... awesome CD ... : -RRB-
 It 's always been about the voice is n't it ? Whilst the stage was once the place where Aiken 's star shone like a nova -LRB- and still is -RRB- , he has taken the raw emotion and those brilliant vocal chords of his into the studio and sang his heart out.Fans will not be disappointed with renditions of the rock ballad `` I Survived You '' , where Aiken tells a tale of getting over a heart wrenching relationship , or `` Perfect Day '' , in which he belts out optimism about facing a new day with the girl of his dreams . A personal favorite of mine is `` Measure of a Man '' , which perhaps most reflects Clay 's sentiment about love and life ; the beautiful lyrics are substantiated with a melody that is somewhat saccharine and lovingly tugs at the heartstrings.So there . Clay Aiken is definitely not `` Broadway material '' , quoting a BMG executive who shall not be named . I applaud Clay for his efforts to keep this album family friendly and striving to be a role model for children . You 've done an excellent job so far . And * that * , is the measure of a man .
 I have n't listened to all of Measure Of A Man yet , but I am most impressed with what I have listened . Okay , so it 's not exactly the most brilliant album of the 21st century -LRB- `` Fever '' by Kylie Minogue has that honor -RRB- , nor is it the greatest debut album of all time , but you know what ? I love it . It 's certainly miles better than 99 % of what has come out this year .
 Clay has yet to not amaze me with his raw talent and sensational singing voice . I went out and bought this CD tonight , and I can tell it 's going to be a favorite . This is n't bubble gum pop , rap or hip-hop and i hope to see this style of music become more popular . It 's feel-good music for all ages ! The title track is beautiful and there 's plenty of variety throughout . Fabulous all around . HIGHLY recommended if you like such artists as Josh Groban , Elton John , etc. . .
 The long-awaited album by Clay Aiken is fantastic . Clay sings with passion and sincerity that has not been seen for a long time . His album is a shining example of how a good , clean , upbeat and fun album can be appreciated by one and all . A must-buy for your CD library . Congratulations Clay on your debut solo album !
 This CD is absolutely amazing ! Clay is the next Elvis ! His voice is beautiful ! There is n't one bad song on this album !! Congratulations Clay !!
 The CD is fabulous - a superb mixture of powerful ballads and up-tempo not often heard from Clay before . And he delivers - the combination of the music and his incredible voice can not be resisted . I will wear out this CD , and I can not wait for his next CD release . Wonderful !!!
 LUV this guy and this new CD is everything I knew it would be !! Lots of versatility with his voice and sounds ~ he definitely is a superstar ! He is n't ` INVISIBLE ' and will be around for a long long time ... congrats CLAY !!! Someone needs to tell this guy he 's a hottie !
 I am totally blown away by this album ! I have n't heard anything this great in a very long time . Clay has the most beautiful voice in the world , I highly recommend this CD if you enjoy real music .
 I CAN SAY THIS IS PROBABLY THE BEST CD TO COME OUT IN A WHILE ! THEY DEFINATLY DID A TERRIFIC JOB !
 Nice voice , Nice lyrics , nice music . . Nice , Nice , Nice , NIIICE!Go 'n get it . It is a Nice album by a Nice artist . Believe me , I have Nice taste in music .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Clay is amazing . Ever since he sang ` Always and Forever ' , until the final notes of ` Bridge over Troubled Waters ' , I have followed Clay Aiken closely . I have eagerly anticipated his solo debut , and could not be more pleased . From the powerhouse ballads such as ` Run To Me ' and ' I Will Carry You ' , to the more modern pop tunes like ` Invisible ' and ` Perfect Day ' , Clay captivates you from the very first note until the last . Releasing his `` Broadway '' dramatics with `` No More Sad Song '' , or his mellow voice in ` Shine ' , Clay is perfect all around . As a radio station said earlier this day , Clay will be the next King of Pop . This is surely the most anticipated , and the best male pop album of the year . Congradulations , Clay , from a devoted fan . ~
 I love this album , love it love it love it!Invisible - This is his first single , it 's catchy , albeit a little creepy -LRB- we 've all heard it ... `` If I was invisible , then I could just watch you in your room '' -RRB- . It 's a tad overproduced for my liking , but still great.I Will Carry You - Such a sweet song . Tugging at the heartstrings , Clay sounds great , it 's catchy , it 's fun , it 's lovable , it rocks.The Way - Clay himself stated in an interview with Billboard that it 's `` boy bandy-ish '' . It is . But it 's good , not one of the best , but still very enjoyable.When You Say You Love Me - Not the kind of thing I would have expected out of Clay , it 's got a VERY poppish feel , but Clay 's a pop artist , so ... still a good song , but not one of the best.No More Sad Songs - Extremely powerful , extremely angsty , and you get to hear the fullness of Clay 's voice in this somewhat angry/bitter ballad . This is definitely a standout song on the album , and it shows off Clay 's versatility.Run To Me - another one of those big heartbreaker songs . He totally plays around with the emotions of the lyrics to bring the listener in , and it works , because this song is amazing.Shine - a very sweet song , a `` make your dreams come true '' type of message . Again , his voice comes through and reminds you why you love Clay Aiken so much.I Survived You - this song needs a few listens before it grows on you , but once it does , there is no turning back , because the power in his voice will keep you listening.This Is The Night - it has n't changed . Still beautiful!Perfect Day - a very rock feel in this song , his voice is ... wow . So strong and amazing and this is the song that , in my opinion , you can really get a feel for that . He has the ability to carry any emotion through his voice and you can really hear that.Measure of a Man - it 's just beautiful . I ca n't say anything else . One of the best on the album . Go Clay!Touch - kind of weird , actually . It has a Latino/boy band techno feel to it ... but it 's Clay , and it 's catchy , and I like it . Good song.This CD is SO worth buying if you liked Clay even a little bit . It surpassed my expectations ... I never expect to like every song on an album . This is the first time that I 've listened to a CD probably 4 times in one night without wanting to skip a track . So support Clay !
 Finally , finally , a singer with a beautiful voice and music you can actually enjoy listening too . This first release by Clay is a classic and this is just the beginning . I absolutely love this CD . A Man who stands up for what he believes and makes music we can all listen to . What a concept . Other artists , take notice , there is a new idol on the scene , his name ? Clay Aiken .
 WOW ! ALL I CAN SAY IS WOW !!! The Best Song on the CD has to be measure of a man . . Its beautiful . Also , I Love When You Say You Love Me , I Survived You , Carry Me . . And Of Course This is the night , All the songs are spectacular actually . I Think Clay Aikens Music Will Conquer The World In Time !!!!
 I love every song on this CD . Clay has proven himself to be be a powerhouse . What a voice and the way he sings Perfect Day absolutely hitting all those high notes . As for Broadway , Broadway could n't handle what he would bring to the stage . His voice is so pure , so rich and I get chills with each song he gives us .
 First let me start by saying that either the critics need a Q-tip or two , or they are mostly still stuck on the conventional pop star . This album IS different than what they 're used to hearing , but it 's a GREAT different !! And it does n't really all sound the same . There are a couple of surprises here that I think show off Clay 's versatility and his ability to take risks and pull them off . And the rest of the album is the pure , awesome Clay Aiken that I love . Here is a breakdown of the tracks :1 . Invisible 5/5 The very first time I ever heard this song , it was from the tour , and believe it or not , I cried that day . I was so proud of him ! listening to it here , it 's just as awesome as the live version -LRB- well , minus an improvised glory note or two -RRB- . I did n't shed tears this time , but I sure wanted to jam to it ! Clay 's a rocker !! 2 . I Will Carry You 5/5 I really really like this song . It has a great hook and melody , a good message , and I sense a Steve Perry/Journey influence here . Clay 's voice really shines through nicely . The beat is great , too . Another head-bopper3 . The Way 5/5 Wow ! This is the first song here to make me cry !! The melody is beautiful , and Clay sings the heck out of it ! The lyrics are a little cliched in places , and it 's reminiscent of Lady in Red , but I do n't care . I love it !! 4 . When You Say You Love Me 4/5 This is one of the surprises on the album . First of all , if I did n't read the production notes , I would never have guessed this is the song that Darren Hayes from Savage Garden wrote . I did n't quite feel that influence here . However , it 's a nice , catchy song that sticks with you . It does n't show off Clay 's voice as well , but it does bring a slight country flavor to the album , which shows off Clay 's versatility a little . I liked it .5 . No More Sad Songs 5/5 Here we get to hear Clay rock out again with this really cool mid-tempo ballad . It 's a rather bitter song , and you can really feel the emotion in Clay 's voice . Very , very solid track6 . Run to Me 5/5 This one starts out sound a little `` safe '' vocally , but really picks up after the first verse . It 's definitely a power ballad with more Journey flavor . It is a teeny bit too powerful in a spot or two , but I still felt Clay delivered another beautiful vocal performance . Great song ! 7 . Shine 5/5 This is a ballad with a definite spiritual side to it . It has a great message -LRB- I can sense Clay 's strong faith -RRB- , and I really fell in love with the melody . And once again , Clay 's voice shines ... : -RRB- 8 . I Survived You 5/5 Very , very powerful song !! Clay 's voice soars on this one , and the lyrics are really gut-wrenching . Also , I did feel a Savage Garden-type flavor to it , even though Darren did n't write it . And I did shed a couple of tears .9 . This is the Night 5/5 When I saw that this was a `` Bonus Cut '' , I got a little nervous . I was afraid that they had remixed it or something . Thankfully , they did n't , and they do n't need to . I still love it . A well-deserved # 1.10 . Perfect Day 5/5 This song is remarkeably unique . It starts out sweet , and becomes really powerful . I felt my lip tremble , but I was able to fight the tears . It was hard , though . Oh , and I really enjoyed the pounding piano .11 . Measure of a Man 5/5 Two words
 this cd was GREAT ! there is definetly something for any age . i am 15 and just adore clay ... and i think that his older fans would love this cd also . im going to be looking forward to when he can write his own ... but this cd was just great even with other people writing for him . there are so many good songs and it just impresses me everytime i put it in ! GO OUT AND GET THIS ONE ! i bet ull love it too !
 For the first time in 20 years , I am buying something besides classical music . I loved every song on this CD . It is such a refreshing change from the `` alleged music '' we have been force fed for decades . There is an incredible quality about Clay Akin 's voice -- perhaps it is that his amazing `` instrument '' is able to express the goodness of his soul . I do n't know . I just know that there is a 55 year old grandma who now `` rock 's out '' full blast while cleaning cupboards and waiting at stop lights on the way to work . For the first time since 9-11 , I smile spontaneously and sing to myself . Thank you Mr. Aiken and RCA for bringing music back to the world .
 I must agree with other fans that say every track is great . It is rare to find a CD , even by the most popular bands and singers , where every track is enjoyable . I have yet to pick a favorite song as each time I listen , my `` favorite '' changes . Currently I would have to say `` Run to Me '' is my favorite track
 i am a fan of clay 's . i went to his concert in seattle it rocked . you rock clay ! fan of clay 's , rosie calahorrano you should buy this cd !
 Let me clean up this board . Those negative , false reviews prior -LRB- before -RRB- mine are meaningless , negative , and so wrong . First of all , Clay Aiken is definitely not gay . Second , Clay Aiken is really and truly the real American Idol always and forever . Those negative posters are just jealous because their Idol will never ever be as popular or as successful as Clay Aiken . Clay Aiken has fans of all ages and is a true entertainer . This CD `` Measure Of A Man '' by Clay Aiken is my favorite CD of all-time so far . I play it all day , everyday , while listening to the radio . Clay Aiken has a very unique voice that is very impressive and entertaining ; his singing melts my heart . The songs are GREAT too ; Clay Aiken is a college graduate , so he knows what a good song is . He sings any song wonderfully . Clay Aiken Rocks !!! Clay Aiken Rules !!! Idol Found ... Game Over
 Clay is incredible . My whole family enjoys him and can not get enough . I recommend anything having to do with Clay . Those who appreciate great music that you can understand , relate to and do n't have to worry about the lyrics . Clay makes you smile and feel good inside . He will be around for a loooooong time to come .
 Clay Aiken 's voice shines on this CD !!!! I bought this and well , I have bought one for my mom for her birthday . She has not been able to put it down !! She has listened to it over and over . Thank you Clay for a wonderful album and I ca n't wait till the next one !
 This is becoming my favorite CD of all time . I bought it when it first came out in Oct of 2003 , & I am still playing it regularly . I never tire of listening to it . Clay just finished a 30 city arena tour , & he is an awesome performer . This CD reflects his talent , and I highly recommend it . Ca n't wait for his next one .
 This album is the beginning of something huge . It is the first CD from Clay Aiken , who is set to become the new King of Pop . Aiken 's voice is incredible and his charisma knows no bounds . These two things combined have set him on a roller-coaster ride straight to the top.All of the cuts on this album are worth listening to , again and again . `` Invisible '' is the catchy first single . `` Perfect Day '' echoes Paul McCartney and is easily one of the best tracks on the CD . `` Run to Me '' is a gorgeous , soaring ballad . `` This is the Night '' is reminiscent of Aiken 's days on American Idol and will always be special because of that . `` No More Sad Song '' could be a classic . Aiken 's growly delivery and the wonderful lyrics make it a surefire hit . `` I Survived You '' , while wordy , works because of Aiken 's uncanny ability to wrap his voice around the lyrics and make it look effortless . `` The Way '' is another power ballad , and features some of Aiken 's best vocals . `` When You Say You Love Me '' is pop perfection -- light as air and resting entirely on Aiken 's gorgeous voice . `` Shine '' has a beautiful message and is layered throughout with Aiken 's voice on background and lead vocals . Finally , `` Measure of a Man '' is an exquisite song about finding worth in love , not materialism . Think the exact opposite of `` Material Girl '' . And is n't that refreshing?Clay Aiken is going to be a star . We are just lucky enough to be around for the ride .
 After all the hype and the anticipation leading up to this record , I was sure I 'd be disappointed . However , after just one listen of the entire cd , I have never been more happy to have been proven wrong . This cd is fantastic ! It is such a solid pop album ! Every song is good ... many boarder on great . He takes risks on some of the song selections , but he still manages to give the fans what they want and love . Is there a slight element of `` cheese '' to the cd ? Sure , but if anyone can pull it off , it 's Clay Aiken . He pours his heart and soul into each song , and , just like AI2 , he makes you feel like he 's singing each song just for you . Bravo , Clay ! You 've made your fans proud , and you left us all begging for more ! Ca n't wait to hear the next one !
 I got your CD tonight at the CD release party in Tulsa , Oklahoma and I have to say I loved it . Every song has something different to offer and your voice just gives me goosebumps . Thank you for making your fans proud and I ca n't wait to get the next CD ...
 Oh , where do I start ! I can not believe that some people come here and trash not only Clay but Clays fans . HOW JUVENILE ! And for the Music fan from California , who said that we Clay fans should buy Outkasts Speakerboxx ... . you have got to be kidding . I would not even allow that trash on my CD player . The reason that so many of us are applauding Clay Aiken , is because the music world FINALLY has someone with talent . If I wanted to listen to Outkast or any of the other no-talent people out there , I would just turn on my radio . The reason I do n't listen to the radio anymore is because of the trash that exists there . That is why I choose to buy CDs instead . Therefore , I can select what I want to hear instead of being at the mercy of some lame program director.Anyway , sorry for venting . I am just sick of people trashing Clay . He is an amazingly talented young man . This CD is EXCELLENT , and I believe that his next CD will be even better.Don ' t listen to the stupid reviews . Buy this CD . You will love it .
 I purchased MOAM when it was first released and have played it ever since . All of the tracks are excellent . My daughter also plays hers quite frequently.Here is another story
 I am giving this album 5 stars , because Clay sounds wonderful , but he needs better material . I love Measure of a Man - that should be the single , Invisible is not good enough to stand on its own . Clay , you rock , I will buy every album you make , but please get some better songs - something like Norah Jones ! You have the voice to carry it off .
 I love every song on this album and think Clay will produce even better in the years to come . Go Clay !!
 I find that the judges on American Idol got it ALL WRONG !!! They chose Ruben because they thought he could hold the attention of the people buying the CD 's . They were also wrong with Kelly Clarkson . Clay has a voice that crosses all lines and he can sing any song put in front of him and his new CD shows that TALENT . Ruben can only sing one style of song and that will be his undoing . I see CLAY around ten years from now and Ruben a vast memory . I recommend this Album wholeheartdly and and glad that my kids can listed without fear of profanity and other vulgar words .
 This is a great album . I had heard reports of how all the songs sound alike but whoever said that must not have really listened to it . The vocals on this album are fantastic . Clear and understandable . `` When You Say You Love Me '' , my personal favorite adds just a touch of country and `` Measure of a Man '' takes on a little Christian sound . The compilation of the rest of the tracks are awesome , some love songs and some just make you appreciate what is reallly important in life . This one is definately a keeper . One of the best sounds in a very long time . If this is the beginning of a new wave of music , let it happen . I may start purchasing CDs again . Thanks Clay for restoring my interest in music . You are indeed refreshing .
 It is about time that we had such a wonderful role model and oh so talented young man arise for all ages to listen to , especially for the younger crowd to enjoy and admire . So so glad that I was able to see him on American Idol . Am concerned regarding the voting . . tried and tried to get through as many of you did.MOAM CD is wonderful . I agree with many of you that it took me a couple of listens to really appreciate it . I do wish that they had utililzed his lower range more than they did . . Am sure his next CD will.Please promote his talents and morals to all young people that you know . Just wonderful .
 Clay is an amazing new artist and this CD proves that he has versatiliy , range , and heart . His voice is so strong and he evokes so much passion into his songs . Also there are songs to fit anyone 's mood whether your happy -LRB- When you say you love me , perfect day , invisible , shine -RRB- or sad -LRB- No more sad songs -RRB- or feel in love -LRB- measure of a man , run to me , i will carry you -RRB- . This CD was worth the wait and worth every dollar !
 The release heard round the world . That simply sums today up in a sentence . After school i ran out to buy my copy of Clay Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man : , his debut album . This is what i have been waiting for ever since American Idol aired it 's final episode . I must say , all of the time spent and anticipation awaiting and planning for this debut has been worth everything . The CD is worth every penny . Many times I have gone out and bought a CD and been dissapointed with the product . Noth with Clay . That boy never ceases to amaze me . I fell in love all over again after listening to his CD . It 's the voice , the style , everything . It is Clay Aiken . This day will deffinitly make it 's mark in history and this CD will deffinitly be number one on the charts for a long time . People the world over are listening to this CD and lving it . I am proud to say I am part of this majority . I am one of the millions of people getting chills , crying tears , and feeling this amazing love for this amazing guy . Measure of A Man is truly the Cd of the year , if not the CD of the century . Sure , other artists will come along but we will never forget Clay . He is the type of artist that can be appreciated forever . And in closing , let me be one of the first to say `` The legend begins ... ''
 We are Clay fans , but I was still waiting to hear this CD and see if it was good . It is good . Several songs stand out to ... Invisible is one . Once you hear it , you 'll find yourself humming it . I also like No More Sad Songs , The Way and Perfect Day . It will be interesting to see just how many of his CDs are purchased . It 'd be great to see someone like him make it . Also , I fall into the type of music fan that never buys CDs , which seem to be the type of fans Clay attracts ... the non-mainstream . Can a singer make it off the beaten path in todays muti-million $ $ $ music industry ? If anyone can , it will probably be Clay .
 Clay 's album ` Measure of a Man ' is such a treat to listen to . Pop music has gone down hill in the past 10 years and it is so refreshing to be able to listen to Clay 's voice and actually hear the way should be made . Let us hope that Clay will bring back the good ole music ! The whole album is truly fabulous .
 While a fan of both American Idol TV seasons , Clay is the only artist whose CD I have purchased , as his is the only style of music I like . The Measure of a Man even exceeds my expectations . All the songs are good , and half are good enough to be singles -- Invisible , I Will Carry You -LSB- my favorite -RSB- , No More Sad Songs , Run to Me , Shine , and Perfect Day.Clay is smart enough to know that what wins singing contests is not what makes for good albums . None of the detracting voice-showing-off or choir backdrops that I disliked in American Idol ; just great tunes and good singing without calling undue attention to it.I do n't know why Simon Cowell and others initially felt Clay was n't marketable . I think they thought good pop music was out of vogue because that is not what 's been peddled these days , rather than realizing there are many of us who would love to buy some decent music if they 'd only make it available . Maybe when Clay 's sales skyrocket they 'll give other great artists like Robbie Williams a chance here in America.Signed , An American 45-year-old
 Clay outdid himself in this album . Not only does this albumshowcase his unbelievable vocal talent and range , but he neverceases to amaze me with his integrity in being true to himselfand what he stands for . This album is beautiful , songs arebeautiful , catchy , and some sensual in a classy way -LRB- Touch -RRB- . Ca n't wait to see this amazing performer in his solo tour in2004 !
 What a voice this young man has . Ca n't wait to hear the next one . Except for a couple songs with the instrumental being a bit too loud the CD is perfect . Thank you Mr. Aiken and RCA for wonderful entertainment .
 I got this CD at 12:01 am on the 14th and listened to it over and over again while painting my kitchen today . I love all of the songs especially `` Touch '' ! Clay did n't put any covers -LRB- like Solitaire , Build me up Buttercup -RRB- on this CD but thats okay , hopefully he will put out a CD full of oldies someday in the future ! This man has got such a smooth voice and these songs show such emotion . Love this CD and love Clay !!
 After anxiously awaiting the release of this CD , I did wonder if it would live up to my expectations . I am very happy to say that it does . This is one of those CDs you can just put in and enjoy every song . I am 100 % pleased with my purchase !!
 Clay Aiken 's Measure of a Man is wonderful ! He has stayed true to who he is by putting together an album of beautiful songs that are appropriate for any age . His amazing voice shines through on all the songs . I wish that I could pick a favorite , but that would impossible , because my favorite is whichever one is playing at the time.Clay states in the liner notes that he wants to make his fans proud with this cd , and let me tell you , this Clay fan is busting her buttons today - I am so proud of this amazing young man .
 Oh my gosh !!!! Clay 's album is so great !!! Every song is so beautiful and fun . I love how he puts so much emotion into each of the songs . I listen to it everyday and night I know go to sleep listing to him . You know its a great album when your brother wants to use you cd or even you dad wans to listen . There are no words to really describe how wonderful this is . Clays voice is so rich and warming ! You just have to feel good when you listen to this album . I love it and Clay will be around for a VERY VERY LONG TIME !!!
 What I like about this album is that there is a nice amount of variety , while maintaining a unity of sound . Songs like `` Invisible , '' `` Perfect Day '' and `` Touch '' are upbeat lively pop numbers . `` Measure of a Man , '' `` Run to Me '' and `` This is the Night '' are soothing ballads . `` No More Sad Song '' is quite interesting . It has a slightly eighties sound to it , while still fitting in with contemporary pop music . Clay sings all the tracks on the album very well . His rich voice adds power and emotion to the music.There are only two things that prevent me from giving this CD a full five stars . One is Clay 's lower register - it seems to be missing from this album . Clay Aiken fans know that he has a strong voice and a wide range . Some soft gentle lower tones or mid tones between choruses gives the listener a place to `` rest '' their ears . The second thing is the musical instruments . They are , at certain points , too prominent . Clay has a beautiful voice and we should be able to hear it more clearly . A specific example of this is in the words `` new beginning '' in `` I Survived You '' . That line is a wonderful example of Clay 's strong voice , however the music at that point is quite loud and covers him up . `` Measure of a Man '' is better arranged . The instruments there complement Clay instead of competing with him.Overall , I think Measure of a Man is a great album , though it does have some room for improvement .
 I am so pleased with Clay 's CD ! I had no idea what to expect from this album ; I just knew I wanted to support Clay -LRB- because he was my fav on American Idol -RRB- . However , I was blown away by the songs and that wonderful voice of his !! My favorite songs are No More Sad Songs , Run to Me , Perfect Day , and Measure of a Man . This is not an album full of ballads - there is a lot of variety , but they all highlight Clay 's amazing voice . Buy it - you wo n't be disappointed !
 These One STAR reviews are absurd ! They come from people who have not purchased or listened to the CD at all . Most people buy a CD because they either like the artist , a song or two from the CD or both . However , I never met anyone who purchased a CD that disliked the artist and all of the songs.In my humble opinion , Clay Aiken is one of the greatest singers , if not the greatest , of all time . His incredible gifted voice is unique and amazing . Clay Aiken 's gifted voice is a rare gem that only comes around once in a lifetime , if at all . Personally I am so grateful that in my lifetime there have been at least two of these rare gems , Elvis Presley and Clay Aiken.The goal of these ONE STAR reviewers is an attempt to bring down his rating and ultimately his CD sales .
 Once again , Clay Aiken blows me away . I did n't think he could top his single -LRB- okay , I 'm lying I did -RRB- but I did n't realize just how much better this CD would be . Every song on this album is unbelievable and Clay sticks to his convictions by not having a single one of them be `` DIRRTY '' . Way to go Clay !!! I always knew you were number one !
 Just purchased this CD and it is very impressive . It shows that this new artist has the potential for a number of hit songs , judging by the great tracks on this album . Clay Aiken is a hugely talented performer .
 I love all the songs included in this CD - Clay Aiken 's Measure of a Man . When I listen to it , I do n't want to skip any of the songs . They all sound perfect to me ! I 've been listening to it on my way to work every morning . Do n't believe the negative reviews . Buy and listen to it , it 's worth the $ $ you pay for .
 Excellent , my goodness , I LOVE all of the songs !!! Measure Of A Man is a GREAT song ! Touch , WOW !!!! Perfect Day , my goodness has a rock edge to it ! The Way , beautiful ballad ! Invisible sounds great ! I Will Carry You , is so dang pleasing to my ears ! I truly love them all !! Thank You so much CLAY , Thank You RCA for this wonderful album with 12 Wonderful songs !!!!
 The first time I listened to this CD I thought why do they play the background music so loud . But after continued listening , I was blown away with the versatility of Clay 's powerful voice . This musician can sing anything with heart and soul . If I had to pick a winner from the CD it would be Measure of A Man with Perfect Day a strong second . Kudos to Clay for having the willingness to sing many different songs . EXCELLENT CD !
 Clay was my favourite through the whole show.When he did n't come first , I was n't worried because I knew he would have a CD out very fast . The wait is over , I ordered before it 's release and was not dissipointed . It is Fabulous !!! Now looking forward to his second . . PLEASE ????
 I am beyond words . This CD is even better than I expected based on the snipets I was able to hear in the weeks prior to it 's release . Clay has stayed true to himself and his fans by giving us what we wanted , pure Clay in all his glory .
 This is a terrific CD . It is easy to listen to , has perfect songs , and makes you want to play it over and over again . Clay does a fantastic job . His voice is incredible with such power and range . All songs are unique to Clay and sang as only he can ! AMAZING singer and fantastic songs ! GET IT NOW !
 I have n't bought a CD in a long time.I could n't wait to get my hands on a copy this am . Every song on the CD is a winner in my book !!! I ca n't decide on a favorite as so many are `` catchy '' . Loved Invisible , I Will Carry You , No More Sad Songs . Great CD !!!
 Great songs for a great artist . Clay Aiken is one of a kind . Brilliant vocal performances .
 Clay Aiken is the true American Idol and he proves it with this recording . Each song shows off his beautiful voice with his perfect pitch and range . This cd is certainly a must have !
 It 's simple . This is THE best CD to ever hit the shelves . The title track is outstanding and the CD as a whole is just perfect . Song after song is just incredible . I ca n't recommend it enough to ANYONE . I am usually a `` rap/rock '' guy , but this CD is just amazing .
 I 've never reviewed an album before ... that 's because I stopped buying music years ago when it turned into something I could no longer stand to listen to . Clay has brought back music that I not only enjoy hearing , but singing along with ... his lyrics are ones you can actually say and not be embarrassed . I love each and every song on this album . Each one is different and unique , but still very much `` Clay '' . His amazing voice wraps around every song like a cashmere blanket ... so warm and soothing . I enjoy that there are ballads as well as songs with a beat - shows his diversity and that he is so much more than any of us knew . I highly recommend this album !!!!
 This first cd from Clay Aiken , American Idol second place finisher , is no runnerup . This cd has something for everyone yet all the songs blend together . From Country to Latin to Movie soundtrack , I love every single song on this cd . I highly recommend this purchase for the pure pop lover .
 I honestly have to say that this is by far my favorite album of all time . I think that every single song is a perfect 10 , which is n't surprising , considering that it was sung by the one and only Clay Aiken . Here are my reviews of all of the songs ! : Invisible-This song is so great , and I can see why they decided to make it the first single . It 's got such a catchy melody , so you 'll probably find yourself singing along!I Will Carry You-Definitely one of my favorites . It has such positive lyrics , and Clay , of course , does a BEAUTIFUL job on it.The Way-My absolute favorite !! I just ca n't stop listening to this song . I just love Clay 's ballads , and this one is just beautiful . It perfectly describes the way you feel about someone you love but you just ca n't explain it . I really hope they release this as the next single !! When You Say You Love Me-This song is more uptempo , but Clay still does a great job on it ! As many of his fans know , he can sing anything.No More Sad Songs-I remember when this song was first released on pickthehits.com . The Claymates honestly went absolutely crazy over it ! It 's a great song that talks about getting over a relationship.Run To Me-Another one of my favorites . A great love song that talks about waiting for another person who is n't quite ready for a relationship . This is one of those songs that you wo n't be able to get out of your head.Shine-This is n't the song that the finalists sang on `` American Idol '' ... but it 's better . I 'm sure you will love it!I Survived You-Another song about getting over a relationship . However , as you can derive from the title , it 's about being proud that you survived it . Great lyrics , great melody . I have to say this is another one of my favorites.This Is The Night-I 'm sure you 've all heard this beautiful song by now . It has always been my favorite Clay Aiken song , so I 'm thrilled that they put it on this album.Perfect Day-Oh my , Clay sounds so wonderful on this song . Probably another of my favorites!Measure Of A Man-This is the title track , of course . I 'm very glad that they named the album after this song , because it 's just so gosh darn beautiful . It talks about what the true measure of a man should be . It 's a great title for Clay 's fans because we all think that Clay is the true Measure of a Man.Touch-People are going totally crazy over this song . You just have to listen to it for yourself to know why !! This would sound great on the radio .
 The Runner up of the 2nd American Idol , Clay Aiken , is showing the world that he is , indeed , the winner of the American Idol.History will record that Ruben Studdard is the winner , but in the heart of many American Idol watchers , Clay Aiken IS the WINNER of American Idol.Clay AIken 's single album sold more than Ruben Studdard . He was the first one to be on the cover of RollingStones magazine.His debut album is filled with many wonderful songs that showcases Clay Aiken talents.This CD is a must have for everybody , NOT just American Idol fans .
 `` Measure of a Man '' by Clay Aiken is one album that must be a part of everyone 's music collection . The melodies are not repetitious with noise thrown in for filler . They are real melodies that we can all humm to and words that can be easily remembered , so we can sing along . We can all relate to the lyrics . Some of the songs are upbeat to dance and move to , while others provoke emotion and are great for slow dancing . Clay hits high notes with power and emotion . He has a low and high range to his voice that shows off his truely unbelievable talent . `` The Way '' , is one of the most beautiful songs I 've heard in years . Every song has it 's own unique sound and message . This album will be a classic some day . One that will be timeless . This is the type of music you 'll be able to listen to years from now and not type cast it as just a fad . It 's about time we have music that can be heard and enjoyed by every age group , male or female . My thumbs up to this great talented singer and to the writers and production crew . A lot of thought and talent went into the whole project and I recommend `` Measure of a Man '' to everyone !
 WELL LOOK OUT BOYS CAUSE HERE COMES THE `` MAN '' . AFTER YEARS OF TRASH TALK -LRB- CALLED MUSIC -RRB- WE FINALLY HAVE A MAN WITH REAL TALENT.HOW REFRESHING.I HAVE NOT PURCHASED A CD IN YEARS.BUT I GOT THIS ONE AS SOON AS IT CAME OUT . CLAY IS HERE TO STAY.I LOVED EVERY SONG ON THIS ALBUM . THIS IS A MUST BUY !! I CA N'T WAIT TIL CLAYS SINGLE SOLITAIRE COMES OUT IN FEB. .
 As the song song says `` is this the way you measure a man '' ? If it is then Clay is A + grade all the way . I was wondering if it was just the show or if he had talent , the CD proves it was n't a fluke ! Worth EVERY Cent !
 This CD is superb ! The best thing I have heard in 15 years . Nowto Jaan , is that pronounced Yawn ? , like your review . I do n't knowwhat planet you come from , but please get your facts straight.Most of the critics at least agree Clay has a great voice , andsecondly , none of the Back Street Boys or N'Sync could sing theywere dancers . You really do n't think Justin Timberlake can sing?No he just dances and whines . Now if I am not mistaken Ruben ` sCD is not out until Dec. 9th , so how can you even compare salesfigures ? Did n't do your homework ? I am surprised that Amazon comwould let anyone bite the hands that feed them . Without customersbuying , there would be no Amazon . com . There are other places toshop for music . Why did you wait unntil now to review this CD?It has been out since Oct. 14 . Way to go Jaan , right on top ofthings are we ? And why would this review come on the heels ofClay winning the fans choice award at the AMA ? That was AmericaVoting , and in my estimation the most important award of thenight . Maybe they do n't vote where ever you are from . If this isto be a regular feature of Amazon.Com , I will be looking for other places to buy music . A word of advice for Amazon . com.FIRE JAAN !!!!!!
 I am 65 years old and I simply adore this CD . I play it all the time . I sent a copy to my daughter who did n't see American Idol because they are in a rural area . She said , `` Mom , the kids and I love this CD ! Clay has such a beautiful voice and we love the lyrics . It is so great to be able to listen to music with a beat that I am not afraid to let the kids listen to . '' People who are older , give it several trys . At first the music seems loud , but the beautiful voice and lyrics come through and it all works together perfectly . It just takes a few listens to get use to it . It 's a matter of progressing with the times . Bless you Clay . I hope you read this and know how you have inspired your fans . We would n't have wanted it any other way . Please bring out another album real soon !
 I had no idea who this guy was but for some reason bought the cd . I had to research him and feel like I have lived in a cave for a year . His fans are too cute.His voice is amazing . I love this cd . What is happening to me?Really he is a wonderful singer and his faith is an amazing thing . I do n't understand all the bashing though . Good for him for being himself and standing up for what he believes . Besides his talent I 'll bet that is why he is so loved . -LRB- And also picked on -RRB- I do n't usually listen to this kind of music but am glad I took a chance on this one.Ok fans I 'm with you . GO CLAY !!!
 I can not describe the wonderful voice of this young man . Its so awesome , he takes my breath away . I recommend this cd to everyone . He shows such emotion and love with each note he sings . Thank you Clay Aiken for this magnificent cd and I so look forward to your tour and your next cd .
 Let me first say that for the most part , I am an R&B and hip-hop music fan . I do like some pop-rock music , but my preference has always been R&B . But much to my surprise , I ended up buying Clay Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man '' . I have to admit that I bought it because I love how unique his voice sounds and was curious to see if he can really make a pop album that I would n't want to turn off after one listen ... from what I 've heard of his voice , he had a tendency to be loud at times , thus some people branded him `` Broadway '' . Well , well , well ... Can I just say that I was PLEASANTLY SURPRISED that every single song on this album just gets better and better after successive listens ?! I mean , I have a huge collection of R&B albums and there are at least 2 songs on each that I constantly skip because I do n't like them . The first time I listened to Clay 's album , I listened to the whole album without ever wanting to hit the skip button . Then I immediately listened to it again ... and again and again . I 'm addicted to it because every time I listen , I find something new that I like ... a new discovery of some sort.The songs are in no way groundbreaking or anything ... heck , it 's mostly about love and love-lost ... but what 's wrong with that ?! But what makes the songs so great to listen to is Clay 's voice , sincerity , warmth , and soul ... yes , SOUL . Who says this guy has no soul ? I know soul , okay ... I listen to R&B all the time . It may not be R&B soul , some may call it blue-eyed soul -LRB- in Clay 's case , I think it 's green-eyed soul -RRB- ... but it is still soul . Soul is not just about having a velvet-smooth voice that we 're so accustomed to hearing from , say , Luther or Boyz II Men -LRB- I love those guys ! -RRB- ... on the contrary , soul is about hearing what 's inside that person 's heart , mind , and soul when he 's singing the song ... the voice inflections , the emotions . That is the kind of soul that Clay projects ... when I hear him sing , I hear every single emotion and I feel it . I feel his soul.So , is there anything that I did n't like in the album ? Well , I did n't like that it did n't have a song that completely showcased Clay 's amazing range from a sultry baritone to a diamond-cutting tenor . In other words , where is the Broadway Clay that people have talked so much about as if having a Broadway voice is a bad thing ? I think they were correct in making the album full of very catchy and easy-listening tunes , but there could have been at least one show-stopping song in there that could have shown Clay to be more than just a pop singer . Nothing wrong with being a pop singer , but Clay 's voice is capable of going all over the place and it just would have been nice to get a taste of that in this first album . But hey , all the more that I look forward to the second album!Oh yeah , one other thing ... side note to the producers
 WOW ! The battle still goes on here ! I wrote a review awhile back titled Un-biased Review and came back in to see if it was helpful to anyone . There still seems to be a battle going on between Clay haters and Clay lovers . I especially love the people who loved Clay in AI2 and just hate his CD . Either they never really liked Clay on AI2 or they really have no staying power for anything . Hopefully you will not try and befriend me . I may fart and you will hate me forever!I am glad I was not a Clay AI2 lover with all these weird and bizarre expectations of what Clay was going to sing . I thought it was apparent in the news articles that he had signed a contract to sing POP!After reading my review I wanted to really add some things that may be helpful to people in purchasing the CD that I did n't have in the review . First off do n't listen to internet clips and decide , duh , borrow someone else 's CD . The clips are really just short parts of the song in poor compression state and after listening to them they really do n't reflect anything.If you wanted Clay to be a Josh Groban , Barry Manilow , Frank Sinatra , Celine Dion , classical singer , heavy metal singer , rap or hip-hop singer , or if you think he should have just sang 12 songs like `` This Is The Night , '' than this may not be the CD for you . It is POP music and it is very good POP music . You know the kind like Paul McCartney , Elton John , Michael Jackson , Hanson , N'Sync , etc. used to put out . It may not be anything new or inventive , but most importantly is that Clay sings great in all these songs!I still give it 5 stars as an excellent `` POP CD ! '' I also love the way Clive Davis has gone with Clay and only hope they push for some edgier songs in the future and some possible metal in the music . Clay sings excellent against the edge of metal guitars and probably the song he brings out the best vocals in is the rock ballad , `` I Will Carry You . '' I think this song really went over the heads of his fan base because it is truly the best produced piece on the CD with the best Clay-like vocals . If not that is OK cause Clay sings great POP ! The biggest thing I see since the `` This Is The Night '' single is the maturity Clay has already shown in his abilities to adjust his voice to sing to different types of music and musical production . Something you would probably never hear Celine , Josh , Frank and Barry be able to do . I still ca n't figure out how anyone with any music background can say the songs all sound the same . Sure some are produced alike . Sorry to many different types of songs here.I probably will never become a Claymate , I am not sure males are invited in this group , but from the CD I know I will go and see the young man in concert ! As for Clay , I am not sure what he wants to sing , but he signed a contract and does n't have much choice . So it is better that he gets rid of the fans who used to love him on AI2 and hate him now and starts getting new ones like me , who think he sings great POP and could care less about AI2 !
 Clay Aiken has done it again !!! All because he auditioned for American Idol , he is now my favorite performer , unleashing my favorite album , Measure of a Man . I do n't think anyone can perform all of these songs any better . If you do n't have this CD , WHAT ARE YOU DOING ON THE COMPUTER ?! Buy this CD today !
 When this CD was out , not interested at all , but once I hear my friend 's ... bought it!Clay has a very nice voice and the songs themselves are very much ... easy to listen and `` catchy '' . I 've been listened to the CD at least ... 3 times since yesterday and has n't been bored yet.I think this CD is the best between other American Idol series -LRB- not that others not gut , but this is simply the best so far -RRB-
 Please , let 's forget the American Idol issue , Clay is far above this , he is the UNIVERSAL IDOL . I just returned from Italy and while traveling from Rome to Florence by train , shared a compartment with two British nuns and two young Italian women . I had MOAM , my Clay demo , and a copy of Time magazine featuring Clay . By the end of the trip , they had all listened -LRB- by their request -RRB- and were totally won over by Clay 's voice . They -LRB- even one of the nuns -RRB- asked where they could order the CD . I told them to try Amazon.com but gave them my email address in case they could n't get it there.Isn ' t it amazing how he bridges the gap ! I love every cut on this CD and never tire of it .
 I urge anyone who likes songs with strong melodies and who appreciates the sound of a true voice singing forth to buy this CD . What I was most pleased about is that these are contemporary songs , rather than oldies like Clay Aiken sang on American Idol . Unlike some stuck-in-the-past reviewers here on Amazon , I am not interested in hearing yesterday 's tunes belted out by Clay , no matter how well he can do them . Thank God RCA was of a like mind and gave Clay contemporary material from some of today 's best songwriters . RCA made a wise decision to cut old covers from the CD such as Bridge Over Troubled Water and Solitaire . I like every song on this CD . How often can I say that about a CD ? - not very . Stand-outs for me were some of the more uptempo songs , including : - When You Say You Love Me -LRB- written by Savage Garden 's Darren Hayes -RRB- , a bouncy number that makes you sing along and want to play `` air drums '' a la Clay ; - Touch , an uptempo dance tune with lyrics that will make women melt ; - Perfect Day , an optimistic paean to love with strong rock chords , a perfect stadium song -LRB- hint , hint , Clay -RRB- ; - I Will Carry You , a tune with a catchy hook that marries the best of pop and Clay 's soaring tenor -LRB- catch the triple melisma glory note on `` home '' -RRB- . For those looking for more of the pure sound of Clay 's voice , listen to these slower songs : - The Way , a love song that is pure , unadulterated Clay vocals ; - Measure of a Man , another song that features Clay 's pure tenor and a simple arrangement , with lyrics about how to measure a man 's worth that are clearly close to Clay 's heart .
 OK , guys . I 'm a close to 60 year old woman who remembers playing Pat Boone 's `` Young Love '' over and again at about the age of 13-14 . I loved Elvis ' ballads and folk music through the 60 's . In the 50 's when TV started to appear in our homes I fell in love with Frank -LRB- Sinatra -RRB- and Gene Kelly . Those who say Clay is `` Broadway '' should research and discover how many movie musicals Frank - as in Sinatra - starred in . LOTS . Being '' Broadway '' is a positive . I remember the screaming crowds around Elvis and the Beatles . I asked my kids today if there was a `` Frank '' or `` Elvis '' or `` Beatles '' in their generation and they said `` No , they were the X generation and they did n't have the icon 's I had during my 20 's '' How sad . I recently retired early and found myself with time on my hands and no cable TV . My dtr-in-law suggested reality tv and American Idol came in on my antenna ... oh , well ... Clay was my choice from the beginning ... and they took me to the AI tour in Sacramento ... and I bought the album on the first day . Clay 's voice is clear and pure - Pat Boone stand aside , love you , but you have been replaced . . Those negative reviews here are so obviously from the ` jocks ' whose girlfriends love Clay ... well , what can I say !! Clay , next year - do the Neil Sedaka album and a Christmas album at the very least ... I have a 24 disc CD player and you are number 1 , followed by Harry Connick , Jr , Cher , the Three Tenors , Phantom of the Opera , and other odds ands I treasure .
 I was a fan of Frank Sinatra and Elvis , but I have never heard a voice like Clay Aiken 's . He has been such an inspiration to my entire family . We voted for him from the wildcard show to the finale . What a blessing he is . I have his album in my car , at work and at home . He puts so much feeling into each song and a person can understand every word he 's singing . Best album I 've heard and I 've heard many . I look forward to more of Clay 's music .
 This CD is SO GREAT !!! It makes me happy just listening to it -- there is not a single track on it that I do n't like -- it was worth every cent I paid for it ! Clay has such a powerful voice ; what a gift ! It 's so nice for once to see this kind of success come to a person who actually has some morals and decency -- I 'm really sick of seeing trash get rich -LRB- hello Hollywood -RRB- . Clay deserves every good thing that comes to him as a result of his new fame . I hope we see more of the same from him SOON !!
 I smell a change in the music industry air . Mr. Aiken proves you can have your Pop and tasteful lyrics , too . The more you listen , the more you like it . There 's a little something here for everyone 's tastes . Pop tempos like `` Invisible '' , `` Run to Me '' and `` Perfect Day '' ; beautiful ballads like `` The Way '' and `` Measure of a Man '' , just a touch of light country in `` When You Say You Love Me '' , and `` Touch '' with its sensual lyrics and great latin Salsa rhthym . A definite CD favorite to add to my collection . Well done , Mr. Aiken . Look forward to your next album .
 I 've had my cd for a week now and listened to it numerous times . Every time it seems I find something new in each song . I was truly holding my breath that Clay would have a good cd . I did n't expect a great one . Maybe it 's little more pop than some fans wanted . But I believe Clay took a huge risk in the face of today 's so called music . He gave us what we wanted ! I now know , without a doubt , that he could sing all the Smith names in the phone book , and the phrasing and sound would be pefect . That 's how good he is ! There 's so many songs that could be hits on the cd . It 's hard to pick a favorite . So I 'll pick Pefect Day , The Way , Run to Me , Touch ... . oh heck , I like them all . I really enjoy this cd .
 I too was a little worried about how this CD would come out . It turns out I did n't have to worry at all . IT KICKS BUTT!If I get a CD where I only have to hit skip 3 times or less , I figure I have a winner . This CD I NEVER hit the skip button , the REPEAT button maybe , not the skip button.I have very eclectic taste in music . I have just takin ' Cold 's Year of the Spider CD out of my car so I can listen to Clay non-stop . So much for old ladies who listen to just easy listening music haha.If your lookin ' for some catchy pop hits or beautiful hearfelt ballads get this CD . You will not be sorry .
 Love this CD . All the songs are great . My favorite song is ? When You Say You Love Me ' . I listen to the CD over and over , especially that particular song . Clay has a great voice that I can listen to all day long . Hope he is around for a very long time .
 This has got to be the best POP CD of the year ! I love every song on it . Normally , I get a CD and have to skip at least one or two songs , not this one . His voice is beautiful , and the songs are really catchy . Great job .
 Well I am not at all dissapointed with the cd Measure of a Man . I love it now I would like to see him do a cd of all the songs especially Solitar that he did on American Idol . I love track 3 and 4 on it but listen to the rest every day in my car and at home . He clearly should have won and hope RCA gets smart and releases more songs and albums of his because they will sell sell sell .
 America knows what it likes , and once again Clay Aiken decides to deliver . This album is sure to be talked about for decades to come . Like others ; Elton John , Donna Summer , Madonna , George Michael , Eva Cassidy and many solo acts , Clay shows that he can bring individualism back into today 's music . It is nice to hear a strong male singer who is not attached to a boy band or a rap label . Although this album is great , the electronic music on the tracks hides the incredible power in Mr. Aiken 's voice , so the 4 stars are not a reflection of Clay 's talent but the lack of recognition of that talent on the label 's part . If you are looking for a fresh voice that can be played in the car , at a picnic , or on a romantic getaway , this album is a success . Way to go Clay ! May we see more from you for years to come .
 This CD is AWESOME . Clay 's voice is unique and you can really connect with the emotion in each song . There are so many great tracks that would make wonderful `` singles '' for radio play . Though it is hard to decide because the whole CD is great , I guess my favorites are `` The Way '' and `` Touch . '' This is a wonderful debut CD and I 'm already looking forward to the next one . Clay Aiken should have a long music career ahead of him .
 I am a huge fan of Clay Aiken and his beautiful natural voice.After listening to Clay 's new Cd I was disappointed.Not in Clay but what the mixers and engineers did to his voice.I was n't sure it was Clay . I love the songs that were chosen for Clay to sing like Touch , Shine , The Way and I Will Carry You.All The songs on the Cd had very powerful words and great music.But lacked Clay 's powerful voice.Maybe Clay 's next Cd will be in his orginal voice .
 I waited a long time to buy this CD , and was really excited since I saw him perform Live on the AI tour . Invisible and Measure of a Man are the two best songs , but I think A Perfect Day will be the next billboard hit . The Cd doesnt showcase his vocal ability like seen on AI , but the songs are a reflection of somethings everyone has gone thru in their lives . I cant wait to see what he does next . Clay is the real American Idol .
 Yeah , so I 'm a bit of a Clay fan . He was the main reason that I continued to watch American Idol , because he seemed like a cute kid with a really good voice . -LRB- Simon too , I 'll admit . -RRB- All the same , I 'm going to try to give a fair review . I 'm not slamming him just becuase I think AI is stupid , and I 'm not going to scream `` i luv u clay !!! '' and give him 5 stars automatically.His CD is just your basic pop , with lyrics that are cheesy , cliched , but not as asinine as some . It 's not like he 's writing his own music , and it 's not like the point of the CD is supposed to be the lyrics or the instruments . Clay stretches vocally and does his flourishes and sings very , very well . The songs are very clean , and very catchy . Inspirational and all that . Yes , I do agree with other reviewers , it would have been a lot better if they kept the funny synthesizers and overpowering background music out , because Clay is best when he belts out his songs , and when his voice is very obviously the strongest , loudest thing you hear . I got the feeling that this CD was just a little too poppy , and a little too attempted radio-friendly . Okay , so I 'm a bit sad that he 's not singing those show tunes anymore , because I liked them a lot , I 'll admit it . Broadway does not = Bad . Clay is a great singer , that 's why I like him so much , but I never quite viewed him as the pop voice , exactly . These songs reflect his persona on AI , yes , but not as much as they could have.The problem is , the songs are all quite likable - but I do n't LOVE any of them . There are certain songs that you fall in love with right away , but there seem to be none of them here . I have n't listened to it that much yet , as I just got it yesterday , but none of them seem to stick out , and I actually have listened to it for a number of hours on repeat . Some of them really sort of blend together just a bit , even though they have their individual catchy hook . I really wish the instrumentation could have been simpler , with no blatant beats , like with a bit more just piano and Clay.And - yes , this is a pet peeve - but did n't any of the songwriters notice the rather obvious grammatical mistake on `` Invisible '' ? I like the song , but that one line kills me - `` If I was invisible '' ... Sorry , but it 's supposed to be `` If I WERE invisible '' . Basic high school grammar , you know , and it 's really just one word.It 's very good pop , but no , it 's not awesome .
 Ah , I ca n't even describe how amazing this CD is . I 'm particularly fond of `` No More Sad Songs '' -LRB- Or is it ` song ' ? Hehe . -RRB- , and `` The Way '' . Seriously , if you do n't own this yet and have liked Clay in the past , you need to be kicked . -LRB- Or just go out and buy it . Whatever . ^ ^ -RRB- It 's great for anyone at all who just wants to listen to beautiful songs sung by someone with an amazing voice.BUY IT !
 While I agree with some of the critics that this CD is not earth shatteringly original , it is the kind of CD you can slip in and listen to the entire thing . The lyrics are positve and quite simply Clay has a great voice . The point of this CD is not to evoke strong emotions such as Emminem -LRB- sp -RRB- or Madonna who are all about inciting a visceral response -LRB- nothing against either Em or Madonna -RRB- . The CD is not a disappointment , it is exactly what I expected being that American Idol/Fox own Clay and all of the other `` Idols '' . Originality is not what they are trying to sell folks . Overall , this is a CD worth owning , slip it in and relax !!
 For a first time debut I expected to like some of the songs and hopefully love a couple . I love ALL of the songs on this spectacular CD , Measure of a Man . The lyrics are just beautiful and Clay 's delivery just takes you into the song with him . I have n't felt this connected to songs and their lyrics and to the singer for so long -- I am just amazed . Thanks to Clay and to all of the talented songwriters , producers and musicians for giving me such a lovely gift .
 Sure 5 people can go into a record store and purchase 7 copies of the same CD to boost sales for a total of 35 CD 's reaching only 5 people . Then there are normal people who typically purchase 1 copy of a CD and typically 35 CD 's will reach 35 individual people ... NOT IN CLAY NUMBERS , 35 CD 's only reaches FIVE people . When you think about it rationally , do multiple purchases really mean anything ? I think not ! As Clay said , use them for coasters because after listening to this CD and the lame lyrics , that is about all it 's good for , no wonder he finished the CD in a month ... totally useless . Clay may sell a lot of CD 's due to multiple purchases but his audience is small , very small do n't be fooled by record sales . SAVE YOUR MONEY . Frisbee time .
 this is by far the best album i 've heard in my life ! not only is Clay the best singer in the world , he seems like the sweetest guy in the world . . my favourite songs are `` Invisible , The Way , Measure of A Man , and Perfect Day . '' the others are awesome but those songs REALLY stand out!Bravo , Clay , once again u have proven yourself the REAL American Idol ! : D
 Out of all the songs on this album there were only twosongs that Idid n't thing were appropriate for his voice . some of the songs he got to do what he does best and that was to hit the high notes . Very well done was happy to see it at amazon and bought it immediately . Hopefully his next album will be just as good .
 I could n't wait for this cd to be released . It is one the best cd 's I 've ever bought . It was the first time in a long time that I listened to a cd from start to finish and enjoyed every song . He has a voice of an angel and we are fortunate to hear him sing .
 I absolutely loved this CD and i think everyone in america should own a copy -LRB- or maybe 2 -RRB- ! Me and my friends have been behind clay since the beginning -LRB- well almost the beginning -RRB- and were so excited when he got back on in the wild card show . I was so excited when this CD came out . I love every song on this CD and listen to it 24/7 -LRB- more like 25/8 -RRB- ! This is by far the best CD i 've bought in years . It was worth every penny . I cant wait for clays next CD ! People of all ages can enjoy clay 's music . Some of my favorites are Invisible , I will carry you , the way , when you say you love me , no more sad songs , run to me , shine , i survived you , this is the night , perfect day , measure of a man , and touch . Oh wait , thats all of them . I guess that 's just one more reason to buy this CD . Oh and one more thing . Do n't get me wrong , Rubens a great singer , but CLAY IS # 1 !!! ... GO CLAY !!
 He should have won AI . Clay can sing all types of music and this CD is a great example . He has an amazing talent . I especially like the songs Invisible and This is the Night . Great buy . I look forward to future albums .
 This musical offering was a superb display of Clay 's versatility and powerful range . I keep changing my mind on which song is my favourite . I find myself humming bits of each song when I am alone or walking along the beach . My only regret is that it may take some time before a second album is released and I am already anxiously awaiting that event and will definitely pre-order . Measure of a Man is my all-time favourite cd to listen to and I 'm 49 years old so I 've listened to a few !
 Dear Amazonians , I think Clay Aiken is a strong addition to the popular music scene . The combination of his youthful good looks and agile voice make for a great pop musician.On a technical note though , and the reason for my four-star rating , during the song `` When You Say You Love Me , '' we can hear Clay clear his voice at the two minute and forty-three second mark -LRB- 2:43 on your CD player -RRB- . This is a minor technicality though that I am sure Clay will overcome with his future releases . All-in-all , I think Clay Aiken is a very talented artist who will only improve with time.Go Clay!Take care , -- Daniel
 Just bought a CD player & this is my first CD . I loved Clay from AI2 & thoroughly enjoy this first effort of his . At first I was mad because none of the songs were familiar to me except `` Invisible '' & `` This is the Night '' . But , after listening to it a few times , the other songs kind of grow on you . As others have already said , it 's so nice to have a decent guy singing clean , easily understood lyrics . Looking forward to his future work .
 What could be better ? Each of these songs , all brand new except This is the Night -LRB- which was new just a few months ago -RRB- has unusual and interesting lyrics , each has a melody I find myself singing to , each has a rythm I find myself moving to , and Mr. Aiken performs each with incredible beauty and emotion . I just wallow in this whole CD , the more I play it the more I want to hear it ! I 've never before loved every single song on a CD , to the point where each is my favorite on a different day ... Some songs evoke a mood -LRB- my reaction is spiritual to I Will Carry You and Measure of a Man ; `` liberated '' to I Survived You and No More Sad Song ; romantic to This is the Night , Touch , Run to Me , and The Way -RRB- . Others cheer me up - or make me smile and dance if I 'm already cheerful -LRB- Shine , When You Say You Love Me , Invisible , and Perfect Day -RRB- . Not a discordant note or irritating song in the bunch . Thank you , song writers ; thank you , Clay Aiken ; this album is a Perfect Listen !
 His voice is breathtaking and I love `` Run to me '' and `` The Way '' and `` Measure of a Man '' . Ca n't quit listening to it .
 This is a great pop CD . Clay Aiken 's voice is strong and beautiful . I was n't sure if he could pull it off , but he did ... with flying colors . I am not a big pop fan . I usually listen to rock -LRB- Godsmack , Perfect Circle -RRB- , but there is something about Clay 's voice that I find myself drawn to . I highly recommend this album .
 Although I was a Clay Aiken fan since I first heard him sing on American Idol , I was a little apprehensive as to how I thought his CD would turn out since it seemed that so many people were trying to classify him as `` Broadway Material '' . I have to say , I was so pleased with the songs he sings on this CD . His voice is excellent on each song !!!! I think he is at his best ! I especially love `` No More Sad Songs '' . I think that could be a great pop hit as well as a great adult contemporary hit . He has definitely proven himself once again as a class act and superb vocalist .
 I have n't bought music in years , until I heard Clay . His voice is Amazing . I was amazed how well all the songs were put together . I had to go and buy another copy , because I know I am going to wear this one out . Ca n't wait for the next CD.Neil Sedaka was right , he sings with perfection , and he would have killed to write a produce Clay 's first CD . Well , maybe down the road Neil you will get your chance too . Thank you Clay for your Voice , Charm , Caring , Giving way , and HOPE . Jerry Lewis is right also , it is nice to live through this music mania again .
 Clay Aiken is my favorite singer and this CD made me like him even more ! I really ca n't decide which song is my favorite because all of them are equally good . So here is what I thought : Invisible - 5/5 - I heard this song for the first time on a Nickelodean special and I still ca n't get it out of my head -LRB- not that I want to though -RRB- I Will Carry You - A beautiful song with a lot of meaningful lyricsThe Way-5 / 5 - A nice slow songWhen You Say you Love Me - 5/5 - Nice and bouncy kind of song , I like itNo more sad songs-5 / 5 - Not like anything I thought Clay would sing , but I like itRun To Me-5 / 5 I like this one alotShine - 5/5 This one also has powerful lyrics , and a good beatI survived you 5/5 - A song you really have to listen to to understand , but I love itThis is the Night 5/5 - Clays signature song , a memory from the show , I love this one ... Perfect Day 6/5 - This one is SO good I gave it a 6 out of 5 , I ca n't stop listening to it!Measure of a Man 5/5 - I like the piano in the song , a great melodyTouch 5/5 - WOW ! This one REALLY suprised me when I first listened to it because it did n't sound like a song Clay would sing , but as I listen to it more I get used to it , great beat and everything.So , as you can see this is a great CD for people who are fans of Clay -LRB- like me -RRB- and people who are n't but soon will be after listening to this remarkable CD !!!
 I was going to write a review of this CD of my own -LRB- after all , my wife has ! -RRB- but I decided that Billboard Magazine said it best
 I knew this CD would be awesome before I got it but I was totally blown away ! I ca n't even describe it . Clay 's voice is totally amazing . I would reccomend this CD to everyone ...
 I listen to this CD over and over again , and I come out every time having a new favorite . This is sheer perfection . Clay 's voice shines through as always , he would n't even need all the background music and everything . I 'm so thrilled to hear about all the success he and the CD have had . It is so well deserved . The tracks are all meaningful , and he does n't compromise his values , which is so rare these days . `` Invisible '' is what I automatically assumed would be my favorite . It is fantastic . But that was before I heard the rest . `` I Will Carry You '' is beautiful , absolutely beautiful . It has wonderful lyrics . `` The Way '' may be the best love song I 've ever heard . `` When You Say You Love Me '' is a fantastic upbeat song , I was thrilled to hear his voice in a song like this , it worked perfectly . `` No More Sad Songs '' is the hardest song NOT to sing along too . It has a great tune , catchy lyrics , too . `` Run to Me '' is beautiful and has n't gotten enough credit , along with `` Shine . '' `` I Survived You '' may be my favorite , it conveys a real strength . Of course `` This is the Night '' was lovely , as it always has been . `` Perfect Day '' is also a major favorite , I love the way he sings it , it 's perfect for his voice . The title song , `` Measure of a Man '' , has a gorgeous melody . `` Touch '' surprised me . When I started listening , I was n't sure , and then I listened again , and it pleasantly surprised me . All the songs are amazing . I 'm so happy for Clay , and congratulate him on his well-deserved success ~ * ~ * Tracey Best * ~ * ~
 I have waited patiently for this CD to come out and I have not been disappointed at all . Every song on this CD is awesome . Clay is truly an amazing singer with soul and compassion flowing through his voice . You will not be disappointed in purchasing this CD . Now I ca n't wait for Clay to go on tour across America . America has voted , through the record sales , who the real American Idol should have been .
 If you watched Clay Aiken on American Idol 's second season this past year , you probably expected his debut album to be full of recognizable songs . Instead , RCA and 19 Entertainment decided to showcase Clay 's versatility with new and catchy music . Many of the songs on this CD I ca n't get out of my head . And I certainly ca n't sit still while listening to it -- it 's that upbeat and fun , just like the man himself.When Clive Davis announced last May that he was signing Clay to RCA , he also said he thought they should shake things up a little . I groaned , knowing full well he meant to change him into a cookie-cutter pop star , here today and gone tomorrow . Thankfully , though , Clay took matters into his own hands and was able to have a say in what went on the album . I love the fact that he refused to compromise his ethics , deliberately changing the lyrics in at least two songs which did n't reflect what he thought was appropriate.There are similarities in the album 's songwriting to Lennon/McCartney ; Elton John ; Backstreet Boys , even a bit of Boston and David Cassidy . British , country , Latino ... These songs have a wide range of elements which keep it interesting.Admittedly , yes , I 'm sure I would 've loved an album of all cover songs because that 's the musical diet we were fed -LRB- by Clay 's own choice -RRB- every Tuesday night on American Idol . Yet , it 's good to know that he has the ability to sing music of a more `` modern '' nature . I can just picture him performing these live , with his expressive body language and captivating eyes.And is n't it refreshing to hear an album where there are no sexual overtones and trashy lyrics with foul language?It 's about time someone like Clay came along on the music scene . I ca n't think of a more deserving person to receive double platinum status . : - -RRB-
 I 'm not a pop fan , I love 60 's rock because I 'm 52 years old but have played music most all my life.My wife got me to watch American Idol to see this guy sing.I know talent and believe me there 's not much out there on the radio which is n't a man-made glamor show.But then there 's Clay ; He made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up every time I heard him sing.The last time I felt that is when I heard Keith Whitley sing . There are people who can sing and there are singers , Clay is a true singer and an artist.I would give his voice 10 stars , my only complaint is the music on the recording is way over produced and clouds up his voice .
 We waited for this album since the show ended . We have not been disappointed . All I can say is this album is just fabulous ! All the songs are great and get you singing/moving right along with them . Great album , Clay ! It would be hard to pick a favorite song , I get goosebumps from several of them , especially `` I Will Carry You '' . One hope we have is that he will include `` Solitaire '' on a future album .
 Go Clay ! I was excited to get this cd to see if Clay could pull off an entire cd of music . Did he ever ! There is n't a single song on this cd that I do n't enjoy ! You will find yourself singing along to each and every song . He is able to sing everything from a power ballad to Contemporary Christian . This is good music ! Sometimes Adult Contemporary gets a bad rap , but this is a refreshing change of pace by this artist!Two songs on this cd stand out for me . No More Sad Songs he sings with SUCH passion and Perfect Day -LRB- you 'll never get this song out of your head it 's so much fun . -RRB- . It 's also nice to be able to pop in a cd and not worry about the content with two young children listening also.A great CD !
 This is probably the best pop album that I have had in the past few years . I 'm a Clay fan - not just because of how he looks but mainly because of his powerful and amazing voice . This CD will definitely go platinum .1 . Invisible
 It has been One Year since I purchased Clay Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man '' . I can not explain it ... but it may be the artist or some Voodoo Witch Doctor . . I am addicted to playing and listening to Clay exclusively.I just took 25 Blues Cd 's to my local Music recycler because I have n't been interested in listening to any music other than Clay 's . Is it magic , hypnotic or mesmerizing ? I do not know . . just know I have sincerely tried to get back to my old standard and my Delta and Chicago Blues but Clay has spoiled me and I need a fix of this CD at least 3 times a day .
 CLAY AIKEN CAN HOLD HIS OWN IN THE MUSIC WORLD.YOU SEE CAN SINGGGGGG.THAT IS IN SHORT SUPPLY TODAY.CLAY AIKEN NOT ONLY SINGS ... HE IS A GOOD MORAL PERSON AND SETS A GOOD EXAMPLE FOR OUR CHILDREN.THIS ALBUM IS AWESOME AND I CA N'T WAIT FOR HIS SINGLE TO COME OUT IN FEB.SOLITAIRE IS ON HIS SINGLE AND I CA N'T WAIT TO GET MY COPY.WATCH FOR CLAY ON ED FRIDAY AND PEOPLE IN THE NEWS THE FIRST PART OF FEB. . IF YOU DO N'T HAVE CLAYS ALBUM . . WHY NOT ? YOU WILL LOVE EVERY SONG .
 All I can say is `` WOW '' . Clay Aiken has powerful vocals and nearly perfect pitch and tone . He 's great . After all , he did win the people 's choice AMA award this year ! -LRB- internet voting -RRB- You will throughly enjoy this CD . I know I have .
 Every time I listen to Measure of a Man I love it more . I do n't mind sitting in traffic on my way to work . I ca n't decide which song is my favorite . Clay 's voice is rich and beautiful . The songs are wonderful to sing along with . I turn my CD player volume high and get deleriously happy . If I were stranded on an island and could only have one CD it would be Clay Aiken 's MOAM ! If I were ask why `` Clay '' and why `` Measure of A Man '' ... it 's the way that he moves me . He takes me to Heaven . I highly recommend this album to everyone who wants to be happy and at peace with the world.Sincerely submitted by Mary Lou Amante .
 This is the best music cd I have ever heard . His voice is the most amazing thing . I find myself comparing everyone that sings to him and he wins hands down . I would recommend this to anyone who followed the american idol 2nd season and heard Clay sing . You will not be disappointed !! In my 40 years , I can easily say , Clay Aiken is the greatest singer ever !!
 Since Billboard is probably the most respected musical review in the country , I decided to give this album a shot . I was NOT disappointed ! This CD was worth the purchase ! Billboard 's reference to `` Thriller '' -LRB- by M. Jackson -RRB- is on target , in that there are SO many potential hits on this one CD ! I do n't remember the last time I bought a CD that had so many great songs . THIS CD IS A WINNER !! I will agree with Billboard and give it my highest recommendation .
 I was a big fan of Kelly Clarkson during the first American Idol , but I did not enjoy her CD - just not my kind of music , and not the kind of music she sang on the show . So I was afraid that I would n't like Clay 's either , even though I was a fan.I need n't have worried - the cd is great ! There are so many good songs on this cd that I can not choose a favorite , and neither can lots of other people apparently . In fact , I ca n't even narrow it down to three favorites . I like them all.This is the kind of cd that makes you feel good , has you humming for days , and you want to play it over and over . Clay has an awesome voice , and he is a natural at interpreting a song.Clay gets a lot of flack because he was involved with American Idol . Many of the people who give him bad reviews are biased for this reason , and you have to take that into account . But jus the fact that he has 2700 reviews already lets you know that this cd is * hot * . This cd is different than a lot of popular music these days . The songs have actual melodies , and lyrics which you can understand and relate to . The songs are uplifting , not depressing , and romantic , not lewd . If you want to hear a singer with a great voice sing romantic and uplifting songs , then this is for you.In the future I hope that Clay will develop further as far as his material goes - I want to hear him sing more power ballads , which he excels at - but I can truly say that I love every song on this cd , which is a rare thing actually . Anyway , I can honestly give this cd 5 stars and highly recommend it . I think this guy is going to change music and take it in a new direction .
 Like many here , I followed Clay Aiken 's progress on American Idol , was thrilled and inspired by his performances , saw him in concert , and eagerly awaited the release of his first CD . I was frankly expecting something formulaic and rushed-out ; I was very pleasantly surprised . I agree with some that the lyrics could be better -LRB- maybe that 's because we can actually understand them ? -RRB- and the overproduction on some of the tracks gives his voice a generic quality it never had , either on American Idol or live -LRB- and if you ever get a chance to hear him live , by all means do ! -RRB- . But his performances are never even remotely mediocre , and in some cases -LRB- The Way , Perfect Day , Measure of a Man -RRB- , he sounds just glorious . We 've been waiting a long time for a singer to come along who can move us with both the power of his voice and his sincerity.Well , he 's here.Buy this CD and enjoy the advent of a new , pure , family-friendly pop sound , something in short supply these days . Hopefully , his next CD will have some more sophisticated material and he will have more say in it.And for those who say we should n't support someone who became famous via a talent contest -- they should stop listening to Gladys Knight and Frank Sinatra , too , who got their first breaks in the same way .
 This CD is music you can listen to and enjoy . It is everything I thought it would be and more . I am so glad that Clay Aiken is in the music industry and making music everyone can enjoy - no matter your age .
 YOU CAN NOT GO WRONG WITH CLAY AIKEN 'S ` MEASURE OF A MAN '' ! If ... you are tired of some of the garbage out there called Music , you will love this!If ... you want great melodies by top song writers ... you will love this!If ... you are looking for an artist with an amazing voice and that sings words that are understandable ... you will love this!If ... you like words that have meaning and a story to tell ... you will love this!If ... you like emotion and feeling in your music.you will love this!Plain and Simple this is the best crossover album to come along in YEARS !! So what if it took a tv to help us find this talent !!
 I really like this cd and I 'm happy I got it . He has such a good voice and the music is n't as cheesy or fabricated as maybe you think it might be considering that he 's not a song-writer and that he 's only new in the music world . The songs are great and they keep his voice in good range -LRB- not like the contestants in Australian Idol who sing songs they ca n't manage -RRB- . I think he 'll be around for a long time and so he should . With his talent , he 'll go a long way . Good music .
 As a whole , these are not the best songs out there . Clay deserved better . But , the more you play the CD the more you like the feel good , sing-a-long songs . The reason this CD has sold , broken records and continues to top the charts is not the popularity of the singer -- but the quality of his voice . Even less than great material is overshadowed by the pure and distinctive voice that mesmerizes . Highly recommend this CD for the voice you love to listen to and the pleasant songs . You can not skip a track . P.S. . While there are those of you who may not find this CD to your preference and write honest reviews of the music rather than character assaination -LRB- of Clay and/or those of us who like the CD -RRB- I have no issue . But to those who write the poor reviews , all lumped together , and who insult people who like the CD or insult the artist personally , rather than an honest review of the music ... you are not fooling anyone . . we know who you are and what your agenda is . It 's a shame you have so much hate inside you that you ca n't stand a difference of opinion or choice .
 WELL ... WE KNOW THAT SOMETHINGS SHAKEN THE BOYS UP ... YOU KNOW ... THE BOYS !! THOSE LITTLE NASTY MOUTH BOYS WHO HAVE BEEN MAKING MONEY SAYING THINGS THAT DEGRADE WOMEN , TALK ABOUT DRUGS , SEX , VIOLENCE , RAPE , AND GANGS . THEY MAKE IT OUT TO BE COOL . WELL THEY ARE STILL THAT SPINELESS BULLY IN THE SCHOOL YARD . ONLY NOW . . THEY 'RE MAKE MONEY DOING IT . FINALLY ALONG COMES CLAY AIKEN ... MOVE OVER BOYS . . CAUSE HERE COMES THE MAN . CLAY IS SO TALENTED.THE FIRST TIME HE SANG ON AMER . IDOL FOR SIMON AND RANDY YOU KNEW IT.I LOVE THIS CD AND I WILL BUY EVERY CD THAT CLAY PUTS OUT . SINCE I 'M A SENIOR CITIZEN WHO INJOYS CLAYS BEAUTIFUL VOICE , I WANTED TO JOIN THE OTHER SENOIRS SINGING HIS PRAISE . . SENIORS FOR CLAY !!!!! GOD BLESS
 As most who bought his album , I 've been a fan of Clay 's since American Idol . I was eager to find out what kind of material the producers and songwriters would come up with to fit Clay 's voice which was obviously a great fit for musical theater but not quite mainstream . I do believe they did a wonderful job.I give this CD 41/2 stars . The acoustic-piano pop found on most of Clay 's songs works fantastic with his refreshing voice . The lyrics found here do have much depth , these are by no means run-of-the-mill pop songs . For me , the stand out on this album is `` I Survived You '' , that is by far my favorite . `` The Way '' is also a very beautiful love song -LRB- a bit country-ish -RRB- and other high points include `` Shine '' , `` Perfect Day '' , `` Touch '' , the first released single and the bonus cut , `` This Is The Night '' . Though the song definetly reminiscent of the days of boy bands , `` Touch '' is still quite a nice , catchy one . It 's a good addition to this album . `` No More Sad Songs '' has a retro-feel to it while `` When You Say You Love Me '' is a little folk-country infused , this song most suprised me , it 's sounds so different from Clay 's usual style that I almost forget it is his CD spinning in my CD player . Great song , nice up-tempo for this album , reminds me of something you 'd hear on a jukebox in a pub . Clay seemed to be at his best on `` When You Say You Love Me '' than any other uptempo I 've heard him sing.Considering the time that this album was put together in and under the circumstances , I think it 's an incredible piece of work . It 's one that I can listen to over and over again . The only problem that I have with `` Measure Of A Man '' is that some of the songs sound similar to eachother and there are alot of good radio-friendlys here that would 've been a better single than `` Invisible '' -LRB- `` I Survived You '' or `` Perfect Day '' could 've been sandwiched in between Simple Plan and 50 Cent somewhere on mainstream radio -RRB- . Note
 All I can say is WOW ... I listen to `` Measure of a Man '' all the time and NEVER tire of hearing this CD !!!!!!!!!!!!! His performance on MTV 's New Year 's Eve show was absolutely awesome ! Ca n't wait until Clay 's next CD is released !
 This CD is AMAZING there is something in it for everyone . Clay is SO talented and I 'm glad that he uses it in a positive way . It is nice to finallly be able to look up to someone . THis album is probally the only TRULLY clean pop album that I have ever heard !!! This CD is so good . All the songs are GREAT !! Every song is different in it 's own way . I totally give it 5 STARS !!
 Even I listened some songs on this album before but it is so wonderful to have the cd in my hands and listen to them all `` the first time . '' Never a time that I want to skip any songs and I just play them all again and again . They are all beautiful . Clay , you really make us proud - A great debut album and many great ones to come .
 I just picked this up at my local HMV , and I have to say it 's one of the best CDs I 've heard in a long time . There 's not a bad song on it , and Clay really shows his diversity throughout . There 's fantastic upbeats like Invisible , When You Say You Love Me and Touch , songs with a rock edge like Perfect Day and No More Sad Songs , and beautiful soaring ballads like Measure of a Man and This is the Night . It is rare to find such a great pop album nowadays with so much listening enjoyment . Clay , you 've done us proud . Here 's to a long , successful career . What a spectacular start .
 This album is spectacular ! All of the songs are exceptional . There 's a combination of ballads and upbeat songs , all of them selected by Clay . I love Clay Aiken so I would have bought this album , no matter what , but I think anyone who likes music will LOVE this one . It 's contemporary enough for those who favor the new styles , and it works for those oldies -LRB- including me -RRB- , who are used to easier listening . Something for everyone !!! Great musical accompaniment . This album far exceeds his wonderful single .
 Oh my gosh ! I love this CD sooo much ! He is so completely talented and completely gorgeous ! I love every single song ! Its worth every penny ! 1 . Invisible ~ Love it ! I hate all the background singers but you can still hear his beautiful voice shine through ! One of my fav songs ! And I saw it live ! 2 . I will carry you ~ BEAUTIFUL ! Simply wonderful ! 3 . The Way ~ So cute now if only he could sing it personally to me ! : -RRB- 4 . When you say you love me ~ GREAT SONG ! Need I say more ? 5 . No more sad songs ~ I love this song to ! Definitely a way to get over an old boyfriend ! 6 . Run to me ~ BEAUTIFUL ! Brings tears to my eyes ! 7 . Shine ~ Good confidence booster ! Love it ! : -RRB- 8 . I Survived You ~ MY FAV SONG ! It is awesome ! He is soo great in this song ! I love the `` damned '' line ! hehe ! 9 . This is the Night ~ Hello who would not love this song ! 10 . Perfect Day ~ Very cute song ! Clay sing this to me plez ! : -RRB- 11 . Measure of a Man ~ oh my gosh I cried my eyes out when I heard this ! Its wonderful in every single way ! This describes his father and thats what makes it soo sad . Clay I love you no matter what ! 12 . Touch ~ Great upbeat song ! Love it ! Another `` I wish clay sang this to me song ! `` This was soooooooo incredibly for a debut ! Clay Aiken I love you ! He 's so talented and I 'm glad he shows it ! Dude he 'd make a perfect boyfriend ! Sigh if only ! He is MY American idol and always will be ! Clayton you are truly gifted ! God Bless you always and may you continue to SHINE ! I 'm behind you a 110 % ! I give this album a 12/10 stars ! : -RRB-
 Finally a CD to wrap your arms around and lose yourself in the pure pleasure of listening . Goose Bumps !!! Thank you to this incredible new artist .
 I bought the CD this morning and have listened to it two times so far . I knew after following Clay on American Idol that he had an amazing voice but the CD really blew me away ! I liked all of the songs , especially the 3rd track . Buy it ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 Omg , if u listen , u melt !! NO words can describe it ... I am listing to it right now ... ahhhhhhhh :-RRB- good for all ages . . all the songs are totally approprite for everyone ! u have to get this cd ... hurry it might run out soon ! If amazon runs out , check at target , walmart , or kmart . I got it at 12:01 am last night ! Bye !
 the music is great ! Some upbeat some slower but all of them are awesome . even my 4 year old son loves them . it sure is nice to have a cd that everyone in the family can listen to and enjoy . it is definitely a must have !!!! buy it today !
 As a frequent music buyer of most genres , with the exception of `` pop '' -LRB- a la christina aguillera , JT , Britney -RRB- , I was expecting to be underwhelmed by Clay Aiken 's first attempt at entry into the Pop world . I loved his voice on AI and was curious enough to buy the album , hoping to hear favorites from the show such as `` Solitaire '' and `` Bridge over Troubled Waters . '' Opening the package to find that some of my favorite `` covers '' were nowhere to be found , I was a bit concerned.From the first chords of `` Invisible , '' to the last notes of `` Touch '' I was rendered speechless . Yes , lyrically the songs are somewhat schmaltzy and trite , but who really listens to the words of the songs anyways ? I am blown away . The producers have compiled a mix of genres , entirely avoiding the problem of pigeon-holing clay into another cover singer with a knock-out voice . These songs are pure fun , with a bit of angst thrown in . I am impressed . Have I been converted into a lover of Pop music ? No -LRB- and please do n't reserve me a copy of Dirty -RRB- . Have I been converted into a lover of Clay ? Yep . And I 'm off to order another CD because I have a feeling one just is n't enough .
 I have n't had a CD that I have n't skipped tracks . Even if it 's the best of . Clay Aiken had come up with BEST of CLAY on HiS FIRST RELEASE . It 's combination of not just pop songs but mix of danceable tunes -LRB- Invisible -RRB- , Country -LRB- Perfect Day -RRB- , Oldies -LRB- I Will Carry You -RRB- , Rock Ripped -LRB- No More Sad Songs -RRB- , Sexy -LRB- Touch -RRB- , Edgy and heart twisting -LRB- I Survived You -RRB- . There is a story in every tract and Artist let 's you be a part of that Journey . Fans and Avid Music Listener would not be disappointed . Why are you still reading . . GO BUY ONE and HEAR for YOURSELF .
 This first CD is a real treat . The more I listen the better it gets . For fans who expected AI styling it may be a disappointment , however I think the songs have wide appeal . It is difficult to pick a favorite . Certainly TOUCH is a stand out , THE WAY is absolutely terrific and WHEN YOU SAY YOU LOVE ME is a winner . Each track just gets better and better with each additional listen . I look forward to the next CD with great anticipation . Clay Aiken has a wide range of fans and it would probably be especially satisfying for the older fans if a CD of great classic covers was considered . I do think that this CD as terrific as it is does not showcase he wonderful voice to it 's fullest range . Saying that , I may have to purchase another one just in case I wear out this one . Fantastic first CD !
 What was that ? Did someone say the songs sound the same ? I think not ! I 'd like to know who his coach is . WOW ! Is he honing his talent or what ! I love the CD - all of it . My favorites are `` I Will Carry You '' and `` I Survived You . `` Clay Aiken 's singing range is phenomenal , not missing a note , and I just love the way he holds the long ones , teasing us with too few . Thank you , Clay , for being so pleasant to listen to - your key is wonderful in a world where off-key is so prevalent . I 'm waiting for some ballads with violins in the background . Clay Aiken has only skimmed the surface.Good luck to you , kiddo , you 're on your way .
 I ordered this CD back in August and could n't wait for it to come out . I received it yesterday and I am certainly not disappointed . Thr first thing I did was check out the song titles and was a little disappointed because there was nothing recognizable except `` This is the Night . '' But after playing it I was very pleasantly surprised . I love `` Invisible '' but my favorites are `` I Will Carry You '' and `` Shine '' . `` I Will Carry You '' showcases Clays voice wonderfully and `` Shine '' is a cross between the groups Train and Chicago and the Beatles ! Great song ! I would love to hear Clay sing some covers of songs his voice and personality lend theirselves to but I am happy to see him do new material for his first CD . I think he will probably have more input on what he records next . For me Clay is like Sinatra , Nat Cole and the recent recordings of Donny Osmond ... there could n't be a bad recording because I purchase their music for their voices . And Clay 's is glorious !
 If you love Clay Aiken , this is a must buy CD to add to your collection . Although I would have loved to hear some songs from AI show , i.e. , Solitaire etc. , I do respect his desire to be a pop star and sing original songs which would make him grow as an artist . His CD offers a variety of music styles , i.e. , powerful ballads , upbeat , soaring - all of which showcase his absolutely FANTASTIC voice . I have listened to his CD numerous times and will continue to play it over and over again . I love it . Way to go , Clay . I will be a devoted `` mature '' fan forever .
 Finally a album worth buying . It 's one of those CD 's that gets better and better every time you listen to it . Most of the albums I have listened to all the songs sound alike . With this one you have a variety of different sounds . It makes you want to play it over and over.Loved it .
 The wait is finally over for all those Clay fanatics out there -LRB- myself included -RRB- . Overall , I am pleasantly pleased with this CD.Invisble 5/5Definitely going to be a hit . One of the few upbeat tempo songs on the CD . It was a good idea for his record label to release this song first to get the public hooked.I Will Carry You 4/5Nice song , just does n't stand out in my opnion.The Way 5/5My personal favorite . A great love song . You can bet you 'll be hearing this at proms and weddings across the country.When You Say You Love Me 3/5Another upbeat song . I think it has a bit of a country twang , which is not my personal favorite , but to each their own.No More Sad Songs 3/5Just another one that does not stand out.Run to Me 3/5And yet another that is just nothing special . When you have this one , with the 2 previous , they seem to run into eachother , and begin to sound the same.Shine 4/5Here 's a good example of what Clay is capable of . I like this song , and he seems to put more of an effort into singing this one than some others on the album . I would have liked to hear the great extended notes in the foreground rather than the background towards the end though.I Survived You 3/5Eh . Another one that is nice , but definitely not enough to be hooked.This Is the Night 5/5The great original song Clay sang at the AI finals . If you have the single version of this , it is the exact same version . Still , another one my favorites , and one of the best on the CD.Perfect Day 4/5The bridge is great on this song . Much more of the Clay we saw at American Idol where he sang his heart out.Measure of a Man 5/5Gorgeous song . Another example of he seems to put forth more of an effort with this one.Touch 4/5Not bad . Some of the lyrics are a bit cheesy , but I suppose he did n't have much of a choice on them.Overall there are some standout songs , and some fillers . It sounds like he is holding back at times . He has a great set of pipes , and can bring the house down , but there are only a handful of times it is showcased on this CD . Still , I ca n't sing to save my life so I really should n't knock those who can . This CD is worth having nonetheless . I 'll be waiting to see what his 2nd album brings , and if he is given a little more freedom on what goes into it .
 Really great . Enjoyed it a lot !! I especially liked Invisible , The Way , Run to Me , and Touch
 Clay 's debut album is amazing . Every track is very good listening . There are fast , slow and mid tempo songs . Clay 's voice is superb ! He has delivered a wonderful first CD that is able to be enjoyed by fans of all ages . He sings songs about a variety of subjects from all relationship angles . Just hearing this CD is uplifting . Excellent !
 If you want to listen to a cd where the singer grabs hold of you and does not let you go for 12 wonderful songs , then by all means , get this cd.What a great cd!From the catchy `` Invisible '' -LRB- try listening to that song only once ! -RRB- , to the opening notes of `` Measure Of A Man '' , this cd delivers over and over.Clay 's voice is simply incredible.Feeling down?Listen to `` Perfect Day `` Feeling romantic?Check out `` The Way '' . Other gems are `` I Survived You '' , `` Shine '' , and `` When You Say You Love Me '' . You will not be disappointed in this purchase.Clay Aiken is a breath of fresh airthat we 've needed for a long time.So buy the cd and take a deep breath .
 For anyone who think this album `` sucks '' or is not `` edgy '' enough , think twice . Stop skimming the songs already and listen actually listen to the songs . Each and every song is beautifully sung , and the lyrics are remarkable ! For anyone who does n't like this album is a crazy nut .
 just love Clay 's voice , amazing kid , a very good album , there is no song you want to skip it , very enjoyable from beginning to the end ... awesome CD ... : -RRB-
 just love Clay 's voice , amazing kid , a very good album , there is no song you want to skip it , very enjoyable from beginning to the end ... awesome CD ... : -RRB-
 I do n't have formal musical training , but I know what I like and what I do n't like . I LIKE THIS CD VERY , VERY MUCH ! The melodies are so catchy , and the singer 's voice is so clear and pure that I find myself singing a few of the songs around the house.Another pleasant surprise was to hear so many good songs on the same album . I purchase CDs regularly , but this is the only one I 've bought in years that did n't have any `` duds . ''
 What a supurb album !! Finally a debut album that does n't sound or look like one !! Very impressed . I predict multi-platinum !
 I loved this album , altho quite frankly listened to it twice before making a final judgement . Think that the writers of the songs were trying to appeal to the younger set -- i am not a ` youngerset ' but enjoyed the melodys , arrangements etc. . Do hope that on his next CD that they will have the good sense to downplay the background music and put the true artist where he belongs . Clay is the best ... I think as I have from the beginning that he will go a long way in his career whereas the ` winner ' -- -LRB- the other one -RRB- will be a flash in the pan . GO CLAY GO ... . your public loves you , your attitude , music and endearing qualities . What a refreshing entertainer you are . God Bless ... . Patti Redding
 I thought this was a great CD ! I do n't know what that other reviewer was talking about . He did stay in his own style of singing . That was what was so good about it . If you 're a Clay fan , go out and buy this CD . His voice is AMAZING !!!
 wow . just wow . clay has proven his greatness once again . his voice is just so powerful you just fall in love . you can play this cd for hours and it never tires . i love it . no words can express how wonderful it is .
 This man measures up incredibly well -- the lyrics are iffy in a couple of songs , but Clay delivers and manages to believe and transmit even the weaker lyrics . When he was introduced on the Miss America Pageant , the words `` American Idol '' were not used . With more performances like this one , the television show will soon be a footnote , a mere stepping stone . I 'm dreaming of a cover of `` Are You Lonesome Tonight ? '' or `` Solitaire '' or the wonderful `` Unchained Melody '' -LRB- his favorite song to sing . -RRB- Go Clay !
 I knew this would be great . He has such an awesome voice . He can make any song great . This is the best cd I have purchased in years .
 The highly anticipated -LRB- at least in my house -RRB- debut album from Clay Aiken does not disappoint those who truly love the style and character he brings to music and performance . To some , his style may seem too filled with ballads leaving very little room for raw , cutting edge sound . But to know his voice is to love it and considering this album was produced so quickly following AI , it is a testament to the strength and depth of his talent . I look forward to more Clay Aiken music on the next album !
 I was pleasantly surprised at the sound on this album . Having been a huge fan through his American Idol run , I though the album would be all ballads showcasing his fabulous voice . When I heard him sing `` Invisible '' during the American Idol tour it made me so anxious to get the album , because he sang the heck out of that song and it was such a departure from the American Idol songs . The album has a lot of really upbeat songs , and his voice sounds just as good as ever . If anything , he 's holding back on this album , waiting to put all those soul searing ballads on another album . I ca n't wait until he comes out with another one so I can add it to my collection !
 I do agree with other reviewers that the producers of this CD chickened out and did not give us Clay 's glorious voice unadorned , but for what it is , this album really delivers absolutely terrific pop songs . For those who love good , hummable songs with great hooks , I do n't think you will be disappointed . I keep wanting to listen to the CD over and over again , and I rarely skip a song -- which is unusual for me -LRB- most CD 's that I buy , I end up listening to just 2 or 3 songs -RRB- . And even with all of the instrumentation and backup singers -LRB- much of the backup singing is Clay himself -RRB- , Clay 's intensity and passion manages to shine through .
 I absolutely love Clay 's CD . I really like every song on the CD . When I got Kelly Clarkson 's cd I skiped over a few songs . A few of the songs took some getting used to , but with Measure of a Man I wanted to listen to every song in it 's entirety . It is so nice not to have to worry about the lyrics of the songs that my children listen to.They are 12 and 9 and they enjoy the cd as much as I do . It 's about time someone has come out with some nice clean music that is in my opinion EXCELLENT !!
 I 'm a mother of four grown children and two grandchildren and I am absolutely hooked on Clay Aiken 's vocal abilities and his new CD . I love all the songs and the lyrics are spine tingling . My favorite is Touch , and Measure of a Man , Invisible and I Will Carry You ... in that order . However , I keep playing the entire CD over and over again . I bought three copies , one for my office , one for my home , and one for my car . I can not get enough of Clay 's awesome , talened and powerful voice . Clay is phoenominal . I was a bit disappointed only in that the instrumentals on most of the songs drown out his fabulous voice . He is an amazing individual with an ability to sing that can not be surpassed my many . I highly recommend this CD , and I hope there are many , many more to come in the months and years ahead for everyone to enjoy such a wonderful vocal singer and entertainer . I also watch Clay on all of his TV appearances and you can really hear his voice shine through along with that unmistakable smile and the glitter in his eyes . Clay was fabulous on `` The View '' . His dance moves gave me butterflies . Clay , I wish you the very best . You are amazing and an inspiration to many to live your dreams . You just keep getting better and better .
 I am reading all the reviews of this CD , and I have noticed that everyone is compairing this to the songs he sang on the American Idol series . I hear alot of you want to hear songs like `` Bridge over Troubled Waters , `` Solitare '' and To Love Somebody , but you ca n't have a CD with other peoples songs on it . I admit I would love to hear more of his strong voice in these songs , but just about all of the songs he has put feelings in them . Its not just the voice , but how you sing them , and I feel that Clay put his heart into each and every song he sings . I love this CD and ca n't wait until the next one comes out . Way to go Clay , you will only get better . Ca n't wait .
 I would like to say that when I bought this CD I was pleasantly surprised . His voice is gorgeous in a pop fashion . Perhaps , Clay will also put out a more classical album with covers next time . I recommend the Christmas Idol Album , his rich voice really stands out , and the First Noel is sung beautifully . However , I am very pleased with this album , and so is Billboard . They gave it the Best Pop Album of 2003 . That says a lot . Production by RCA is the only fault in this album , but it is trivial , for I can still hear his beautiful velvety voice . Awesome , sexy , with power and range . You can also hear every word , for his diction is impeccable . There is n't one song that I do not like . This is a great album for our young people , and the hip older generation .
 Measure of a Man is a beautiful showcase for Clay Aiken . It has a great pop/soft rock beat . All the tracks are wonderful , but the standouts are The Way -LRB- incredibly romantic -RRB- , When You Say You Love Me , Perfect Day , Measure of a Man , Touch , and Invisible .
 Beautiful . Absolutely beautiful . That 's really the only way I can describe Clayton 's CD . I love every single track ; his voice is especially highlighted in tracks such as I Will Carry You , Run to Me , Measure of a Man , and The Way . Touch and When You Say You Love me are a fun change of pace , but I 'm glad the majority of the album is ballads , just because they show off Clay 's amazing range . Buy it . You wo n't regret it .
 Clay sounds better than ever ! I should buy another one for the car I ca n't stop listening .
 i couldnt wait for clays album to come out , and i was not disappointed . after listening to some of the garbage the music industry produces today , this album is one that i dont mind my kids listening to and this is an artist my kids can `` idolize ''
 My American Idol , Clay Aiken , really has blown me away with this cd . Even though there are a couple of songs that really do n't stand out -LRB- I will carry you -RRB- songs such as `` invisible '' and `` measure of a man '' make up for it a million times over . Clay Aiken is my inspiration , and I will continue to support him all the way ... : -RRB-
 I loved Clay 's first CD ... it is a breath of fresh air !!
 I became intregued with Clay Aiken when I saw him perform at the American Music Awards - I thought that he truly carried the inspirational duet that he performed with Ruben Studdard . I became even more interested when I saw him win the Fan 's Choice award that same night . He obviously has many many fans , and his acceptance speech was mature , elegant and classy . I bought Measure of a Man that week and have been listening to it ever since ! His powerful voice soars on many of the songs - I Will Carry You , Run to Me , Measure of a Man , No More Sad Songs , The Way . The more up tempo songs - Invisible , When You Say You Love Me , Touch - are fun and bouncy and catchy . Shine and Perfect Day remind me of Paul McCartney or the Beatles - just wonderful pop songs . The whole album is just a fun and easy listening experience , and I really appreciate the clean , inspiring lyrics and the fact that I can understand every word that he sings ! I like all of the arrangements , although in one or two places I think the producers should have toned down the accompanying music.I understand that Billboard Magazine has called Measure of a Man the best pop album of the year . I certainly agree with their professional assesment !
 I was concerned about Clay 's ability to enter into the pop world , given the songs we fell in love with on AI . My concerns were eliminated the second I pushed play . Amazing album , that captures many of his talents , without overdoing it . I was instantly captivated by the lyrics , the melodies . Absolutely love all but song No. 4 . Highly recommend that you add this to you and your family 's collections .
 For anyone who appreciates good music these days this CD is a must have . It is easy to listen to , timeless , classic and Clay Aikens voice is truly something special after a long time.it is not overproduced , and all the songs included are catchy and listenable . My favourites are measure of a man , the way , i survived you , . i have listened to this CD over and over again and still not sick of it.it is finally a CD where i love all the songs included and dont haveto skip any.Clay keeps the fans of pop , country , rock , ballad happy . it was no coincidence he won the Fans choice american music award.For anyone who has not had the pleasure of hearing this amazing voice , this collection is a must .
 I was a Clay Aiken fan , but after seeing the early reviews , was concerned the album would n't be all that great . Boy , was I mistaken !! I have it uploaded on my computer , and have the CD in my car , and out the the entire CD there is not one single song I do n't love , and sing along to ! It is the best money I have ever spent on a CD in years . It 's great for lifting your spirits , the kids and parents can both enjoy it , so it 's a win-win situation . Buy this CD and you will be completely blown away by the great voice and song selections !!
 I followed Clay Aiken through the Am . Idlol 2 competition . His voice just completely blew me away ! And it still does today ! His Measure of a Man is a wonderful buy for anyone . There are songs on here that will touch your heart and some that will make you want to sing and/or dance . The one called `` The Way '' is so beautiful -- and Measure of a Man -- wonderful . I bought 2 CD 's already and have requests for more for Christmas gifts . A great buy . You wo n't go wrong with purchasing Measure of a Man by Clay Aiken!My opinion is that the Amazon editor has missed a call on this one . It 's a beautiful CD.And I ca n't wait for his new single to be released with Invisible & Solitaire !
 That is what Billboard said of the CD , and after I listened , they are right on the money . The songs are so refreshing and powerful . You will find yourself singing along . Clay 's voice is like butter !!!!
 Listening to this CD puts a smile on my face and brings joy to my day . Clay has an awesome voice and it is very soothing to listen to . At least I can understand every word he sings ! I believe he got the short end of the stick on American Idol 2 ; he clearly should have won ! The only thing that would have made this CD any better would have been for him to include Neil Sedaka 's `` Solitaire '' ! I 'm dying to hear Clay sing it again ... I love your commitment to Jesus , Clay ! Keep on keeping on !!!
 After listening to this CD numerous times I love all the songs ! `` Clay '' delivers in each and every song as only `` Clay '' can . For anyone out there that is not interested in `` Clay 's '' music please do not make your nasty unwanted comments . The comments that just do n't like the music do n't bother me it is the comments about looks , and how anyone interested in this music has to have been brainwashed by watching American Idol II . Everyone has their own taste and I for one do not like to be called `` stupid '' or `` generic '' or even `` middle American '' for the fact that I happen to think `` Clay '' is worth listening to . So , I for one happen to be thrilled to have such a talent in such a boring field of entertainers . Keep it up `` CLAY '' !
 An amazing album as every track in there is worth listening to over and over again !!!
 I was anxiously awaiting Clay 's CD and bought it in pre-sale . After hearing it for the first time , I bought several more copies for loved ones ! Clay is amazing and the CD is absolutely wonderful ! Devoted Clay fans will be extremely proud , and others will be impressed by the range of this album . I saw a review that stated it was wonderful vanilla -- but I say it 's full of rich flavors . I can honestly say that every song is good , and most are ideal showcases for Clay 's amazing vocal instrument . I will surely wear out both CDs I 'm keeping for my own use ! Thank you , Clay and RCA , for this wonderful CD !
 The first album from a new artist does not usually take a first hearing for me to like it . But I must admit , upon my first listening I was hooked . Though my wife and I already liked him , his debut CD was everything I 'd hoped it would be.Though I must admit , my favorite song is a tie between the title cut and ' I Survived You ' . ` Measure of a Man ' hits home for me , because of my wife and her feeling toward me . ' I Survived You ' shows that even though Clay has never lived through that kind of situation . He can still make us feel he has.One small diss on this entire CD has nothing to do with Clay or the songs . But the production of the liner . The fifth song on the CD is ` No More Sad Song ' not ` No More Sad Songs ' . Insignificant but wrong printing none the less .
 Each time I listen to the CD I find new things in the words and the music that pull me in . I purchased this CD on the 15th of October and have listened to it exclusively while in the car since . I will be playing this CD for along time to come.Clays voice is so refreshing and clear that all the songs come across with passion and strength . I would liked to have heard more of the same songs we fell in love with when listening to him on American Idol . Less pop and background singers . . Just Clay and his strong voice and range to listen to . A Christmas special CD of all the old Christmas songs we grew up with would be a Classic and show off his fantastic voice . A special on TV for the Holidays with Clay Aiken singing Christmas tunes would be great also.I am already looking forward the next 10 or 20 CDS to come out in the future . He is now my favorite male vocalist .
 Refreshing to see a young artist come out with an album where EVERY song is a winner . This CD is filled with songs that people of ALL ages can enjoy ! After being bombarded with all the cloned boy bands and pop tarts in mainstream music , Clay brings us great songs that touch your heart and soul . Close your eyes and fall into the aural euphoria that Clay weaves with that magical voice of his!Get this CD ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 This CD just gets better and better the more I listen to it ! The entire selection of songs is phenomenal ! Clay is the definition of the new POP artist that the average American wants to hear and see . The Revolution has been started by Clay and his fans who demand great vocals , and lyrics that we can understand and listen to when our young children are in the room . Please , do n't miss out on this CD ! You will play it over and over and over ...
 I totally love this CD ! If you loved Clay on AI you will not be disappointed at all . His rich voice is present in every song . I ca n't even pick a distinct favorite because all of the singles are amazing . I ca n't wait to hear which one hits radio first !! Treat yourself to an amazing CD !!!!!!
 I love every song on this cd and have been listening to it over and over since I bought it 6am Tuesday morning at Wal * Mart . I enjoy the whole cd so much I ca n't choose a favorite song ! My only disappointment is that they did n't put Unchained Melody on this one . Well worth the wait .
 When I received Clays cd Measure of a Man . I opened it and played it at once . I can honestly say that both my husband and I loved every song on it . Clay sang them all exceptionly well . Clay is a gift . His voice is so pure ! So refreshing ! Not the same old thing thats out there now . I can go on and on with praises for his first cd . I look forward to his next one and so on .
 Although I 'm usually not a great fan of pop music , this CD is absolutely fabulous . Aiken 's voice is pure but richly textured , and his sincerity on each song is vibrant . Every song is interesting in its own way , and I ca n't stop listening !
 Wow , Clay Aiken is the 2 best voice !! Morgan Burke is totally better though . . I mean Clay 's great ... but wan na see something Amazing ? MORGAN BURKE !!!! I can just imagine Morgan Burke and Clay Aiken on stage together ... that 'd be awesome ... MORGAN is the best and Clay is Second best !!! ~ Hillary
 Ideal for people who like the music of Clay Aiken or for people who like runners-up .
 Its evident after hearing the first few tracks that this is one man that will have a long lasting pop career . Think Barry Manilow -LRB- who Clay somewhat resembles -RRB- and Neil Diamond -LRB- sorry kids if you have n't heard of these guys ask your parents -RRB- Clay sings from the heart and you FEEL his music as you are listening to it . He may have been ripped off of the American Idol title , but he now has a certified NUMBER ONE in this CD which will be a huge seller . Eat your FAT heart out Ruben ! In 6 months you will be all but forgotten . CLAY gets an A + + + for this work !
 What can I say ? It 's hard to rate this cd because at first , the cd is really not that great and only a few tracks stand out a bit . I like `` The Way '' , `` Run To Me '' , and `` Measure of a Man '' ... I REALLY LOVE measure of a man ... that 's a great song and it fits Clay real well.HOWEVER ... this cd is mostly boring and the songs are n't too special ... as other reviewers have said , the problem with this cd is that all the songs sound pretty much the same ... and IT DOES NOT show off Clay 's voice at all ... the songs are poorly written and boring ... I am really disappointed by Clay 's vocal performance as well because it 's just not good ... not enough power and the quality of his voice is quite ... rough ... nothing like the beautiful voice that you hear in `` Solitaire '' and his Christmas Album ... One thing though , is that this cd really grows on you ... after listening to this cd a few times , I started to like it more cuz the song seems to be a bit addictive , ahaha ... overall ~ not bad , pretty good ... but it could be a lot betterClay needs a cd with songs that can actually show off his voice ... he seriously needs it ... please no more of this `` boyband pop '' ... and ino ppl will hate me for saying this but I do n't like `` Invisible '' because Clay just does n't sing it well ... does n't sing with his diaphragm and lacks the strength ... this cd has pretty poor performance except for `` Measure of a Man '' ... other than that song ... i think this cd is pretty boring ... no special performance by him ... i 'm starting to wonder how this cd became 3X platinum ... Do n't take me wrong though , i 'm a huge Clay fan . I 'm just saying this cd is disappointing
 led zeppelin 4 , the doors , paranoid , british steel , reign in blood , master of puppets , killers , machine headthose cds suck when compared to the brilliance ofCLAY AIKEN !! death metal and classic rock suck
 Wow . I loved the album . The song selections were great . It has the right mix of ballads and upbeat tempos . Clay has a beautiful voice . Clay is definitely different from everything out there.Great job .
 I was n't sure what to expect with this CD other than a great voice . What I got was that and a great mixture of ballads , mid-tempo songs and songs filled with angst and love . There is something for everyone on this album . Do n't listen to reviews that say it is too vanilla or lacks even a hint of sexual innuendo . Listen to the song Touch and hear the sexy longing in the voice and the words . The only thing better than listening to this album would be to see it performed live .
 I 'm tired of all the critics who decided that they could n't write an original review , and instead decided to write one and pass it along . I 'm sorry for all those people who think that by giving Clay one star that it 's going to bring him down . The critics have proven themselves to me mediocre and insignificant again.This is the best debut album since Mariah Carey and the best pop album since Thriller . Clay Aiken chases octaves like no other . This CD showcases his talent beautifully . I love all of the songs and have listened to it many times . We can only hope that everyone catches on like his real fans have .
 CLAY AIKEN IN MY OPINION IS THE AMERICAN IDOL . Clay is an awesome singer . He has proven that with his new CD . His songs are awesome . No matter what anyone say 's Clay has an amazing vocal range . Clay you will go far . I ca n't wait to hear your songs on the radio .
 Clay is the artist of our time -- gifted , compassionate , and inspirational . The first round of reviews were generally not positive ... to those reviewers I say this -- sit back by candle light , turn the lights down , turn up that good stereo , and be transported . Turn your critical eyes off , and turn your ears and mind on . Anyone who listens carefully , and lets the music enter your mind and heart , will love this album . It 's the best I 've heard all year . Congrats to Clive Davis and his group for producing a great work of art . And of course ... Clay , YOU 'RE THE MAN , BY ANY MEASURE !!! Rich Locus
 This is a fantastic album ! I loved Clay on American Idol and this CD does not disappoint me one bit . Every song exhibits his powerful voice and wide range . Terrific CD . I have not listened to anything else since I got this CD ! Everyone should go out and get a copy . . or 2 . . or 3 . . or more ! It is completely worth it !
 And that 's a very good thing ! The last thing the world needs right now is another Justin Timberlake clone . I love Clay Aiken 's new cd . There 's something for everyone on it . The songs range from fun and upbeat to powerful to soulful . Clay Aiken has a very rich and unique voice . It did bother me a bit that some of the tracks are over produced and the studio took some of the melisma out of his voice , but it does n't come between Aiken and his songs .
 We have enough `` HIP-HOP '' & `` RAP '' music it 's about time that we can listen to a song and understand the words and not be afraid for our children to listen!I bought Clay 's CD the day it was released and was so excited.I could n't wait to listen to it on my way home.I was very happy with the songs and Clay 's outstanding smooth vocals.We need more Clay 's to help shape the music industry by standing strong in his beliefs & values ... Clay ... do n't change and thank you for helping to put a little dignity back in the world & music to soothe our souls .
 I could n't be more pleased with this great new CD from Clay Aiken . Usually when I purchase a CD , I may like 3-4 tracks from it , but this CD just leaves me breathless . I love all 12 songs and am still trying to figure out which one is my absolute favorite ! The Way , Touch and When You Say You Love Me are all outstanding and of course Run To Me just screams Top 10 ! Love the whole thing , playing it constantly . Thanks Amazon for such prompt shipping and your great service as always .
 The industries focus in the music world is looking for a certain kind of music when reviewing and it is different than what Clay sings . That is why I believe these people do not understand why we adore him so much . I watched American Idol and the first time I noticed Clay was the wildcard show . This is because I enjoy Clays voice . I do n't normally listen to his type of music . I have read posts stating that people were drawn to him and not neccesarily that type of music . I think my favorite track is Measure of a Man . He is captivating on-screen as well . I hear him speak and you just have to listen . Maybe it is because he is a teacher at heart . He was wonderful on SNL and ca n't wait to see him in concert . By the way I am a 19 year old college student and do n't care what people say about him . I will buy whatever this man puts out to hear that voice that makes me shiver . Other songs that I enjoy I will carry you and No More Sad Song . I love Perfect day and I Survived You as well . Once you hear that voice you will have no problem picking up the album .
 Clay 's voice has been described as `` phenomenal '' , and the person who said that is absolutely right . A great injustice was done to Clay , by having him end up as the runner-up of the American Idol competition . People keep bringing up the whole American Idol controversy for one simple reason
 Wow , it 's amazing how Clay Aiken 's life has changed in one year ... from anonymous college student to pop superstar ! With his debut album landing at # 1 its first week of release , there 's no doubt that Clay Aiken has hit the big time . Is n't it spectacular what television can do ?!?! Between the voice and the appearance , this guy came direct from the factory as a male Brittany Spears . His CD , Measure of a Man , reinforces the image , but you can not deny the fact that Clay Aiken can sing . The album is stocked full of consummately produced bubble gum pop , instantly infectious as you 'd expect from the genre , but not the kind of music you can take too seriously . Just dance a little ; give some candy to your ears . You 're guaranteed to like this album.Perhaps more significant for me is what I 've learned recently about Clay ... On top of all his American Idol/pop superstar stuff , he just graduated from college with a degree in special education . And with his enormous windfall , Aiken established the Bubel/Aiken Foundation , created to support children with developmental disabilities . So behind all the hairspray and hype , this is a guy with a heart . How could you NOT like Clay Aiken ?
 I purchased this album on my way out the door on a business trip requiring lots of driving . I had plenty of time and decided to take the scenic route . I waited until I was off the freeway and started it up . It has n't stopped spinning since , I do n't think . I am a 50 ` ish woman who does n't buy many CD 's - perhaps 3 a year . I listen to talk radio when I turn the radio on , but this CD could bring me back to music . I am of the Elvis and Beatles generation and admit to having lost my interest in pop music . I am in agreement with other reviewers - there is n't a bad song on the whole CD and I would have a hard time telling you what my least liked song is . I have time for all but one song on the way to my son 's house and it 's always a hard decision which one to skip . The very best is `` Measure of a Man '' , followed by `` I Will Carry You '' , `` The Way '' , `` Shine '' , `` Invisible '' . I NEVER skip those . I recommend this album to everyone who loves music and has gotten `` turned off '' by the hard , raucus , sometimes nasty music we have been hearing the last 10 years or so . It 's nice to hear a marvelous voice ring out true and clear and not filtered and muffled by electronic noise . I hope Clay makes many more albums , I will buy them all .
 Anyone who 's got 2244 reviews at Amazon.com in only 3 weeks , has to be doing something right.Clay Aiken has the voice and the talent . There 's not a single song on this CD that I would consider bland . Billboard said it was THE BEST POP ALBUM OF 2003 , and I agree . This is a terrific debut CD . Clay takes every song to another level . He makes it look so easy.I would ignore the reviews that insult his looks , his fans , and his songs . They 're all wrong . They 're all insecure . They 're all jealous . Aiken 's got game !!! A lot of it !!!
 I 've read several of the reviews posted here and am amazed by the Clay Bashers who have dissed his new CD . To those mean-spirited bashers -LRB- not those who offer an honest unfavorable review -RRB- ... WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM?Could it be that those who support groups whose music is as violent and obscene as the group itself feel threatened ? Threatened by the fact that a refined , talented young man of high moral standards has such a huge fan base and is growing stronger every day.I 'm at the age that I 'm not easily impressed . I AM impressed by Clay Aiken , his talent and his persona . In less than a year , Clay has brought so many people back to popular music . He is an Icon and his popularity is more or less a moral victory to his fans , or as Clay stated in his Time article , a REVOLUTION.Clay is here to stay and I 'm so proud of him and his music . It 's a great CD and I look forward to the next one .
 I absolutley LOVE this CD . I listen to it all the time in my vehicle and it inspires and moves me . Clay has such a comforting and uplifting voice . I especially like '' The Way '' , but I listen to every song . The are all wonderful . I ca n't wait to see the Video . Finally we have an artist that can be admired and respected and has proven himself to be a wonderful role model . I would love to meet Clay and thank him for his wonderful gift to the world . Do n't miss out on this CD . You will be so happy to own it .
 What can only be described as the release of the year , Clay Aiken 's ` Measure of a Man ' exceeds all expectations.With strong production and exceptional songs , Clay 's voice soars through album standouts Run to Me and title track Measure of a Man . This versatile man-child travels the expanse of uptempo pop , a touch of rock , and then really lets his voice errupt on beautifully executed ballads.With each listen you discover something more in every song , whether it be one of Clay 's tender vocal licks , or his seemingly limitless range . But , no matter how many times you listen , when the album finishes you ca n't help but listen to it all over again.This truly will be RCA 's standout release for the next 12 months , and will cement what this listener hopes will be a long and successful career for Clay Aiken .
 THIS IS DEFINITELY THE BEST CD I 'VE BOUGHT IN YEARS !!! EVERY SONG IS BURSTING WITH CLAY 'S ENERGY AND SPECTACULAR VOICE . I WOULD LOVE TO SEE HIM SING THEM IN PERSON ! HE WAS DEFINITELY THE BEST ON AMERICAN IDOL 2 . THE STRENGTH OF HIS VOICE WILL CARRY HIM A LONG WAY . EVERY SONG TOUCHED ME !
 I 'll have to argee that when I first listened to the CD , it was n't what I expected BUT after playing it a few times , I really enjoyed it . It was n't predictable and I liked that . What needs to be remembered is that , this is his first CD and not even a year ago , he was in another world . He has such a bright , successful future ahead . I am excited for him . He deserves all that is ahead for him . All the skeptics will eat their words when it debuts at Number 1 !!! He rocked the American Idol concert ... I ca n't wait till he tours again . I love Clay , his voice and his good nature . He should never apologize for who he is . Millions could only dream of being in his shoes . Not all his fans are older women , I 'm 26 and probably one of his biggest fans !!! All the best to you Clay !
 Clay Aiken does it again ! This is a great CD and recommend it to any one with ears !
 Because of the gift -LRB- voice -RRB- this young man has , I expected a great album and he sure delivered ! I loved EVERY song on the album ! That 's quite a feat for a debut artist . Wonderful !
 Simply impressive . Clay 's voice is remarkable . It 's a breath of fresh air .
 This CD is a must buy . Does n't these songs sung by Clay Aiken already show that HE was supposed to win American idol ? I give this cd a 5 stars . AMAZING ! I ca n't wait till his next album
 When I purchased this CD by Clay Aiken , I honestly expected lots of saccharine ballads and cheesy lyrics . But my expectations were WAY off . This CD shows facets of Clay 's talent that were never made apparent on American Idol.Yes , he still sings ballads . And this album includes some wonderful ballads , such as `` The Way '' , `` Run to Me '' , `` This is the Night '' , and `` Measure of a Man '' . However , it also includes several more upbeat pop songs , and even more surprising , several songs with a new rock edge that we 've never heard from Clay before.His new single `` Invisible '' completely annhilates any preconception of Clay only being suited for Broadway . This song is catchy , fun pop at its finest . The album also contains a couple of other toe-tapping pop songs , such as `` When You Say You Love Me '' and `` Touch '' . However , Clay is at his finest when he 's wailing out tunes with an edge to his voice . `` Perfect Day '' and `` No More Sad Songs '' are perfect examples of this . Absolutely wonderful.There 's not a single bad song on this album . My personal favorites are `` The Way '' -LRB- an absolutely gorgeous love song -RRB- , `` Perfect Day '' -LRB- reminiscent of Paul McCartney -RRB- , and `` Measure of a Man '' . You ca n't go wrong this with this debut album from Clay Aiken .
 W * O * W What a magnificent album ! Over the past couple of weeks I 've been able to hear all but one of the tracks from various sources online - even from Singapore no less ! But getting this in my own personal Cd player makes me realize what a GREAT CD this is . I 'm a fan , of course , but even I was surprised how great his voice sounds on EACH AND EVERY TRACK ! There 's not a song on here that would n't qualify for a `` top 10 '' countdown . Every time I play it , I have a different favorite track . Some are uptempo and others just gut-wrenching but modern ballads . While I thank the producers of American Idol for finding him for us fans , I think it 's time to drop the term `` American Idol runner-up . ''
 I have never bought a CD where I lovedevery track . Keep changing my mind onfavorites . My Way should be a lovesong that is around for years . Givesme chills and makes me want to fall inlove . When You Say You Love me makesme dance . Listening to Measure of aMan I think these words should touchyour soul . Finally a singer singingsongs of love and longing without beingvulgar . Clay you should be proud .
 This long-awaited CD has finally arrived , and it is all that was expected from such an extraordinary young man . Clay lives up to his strong moral character and has kept each and every song clean as well as a masterpiece in itself . This CD is strongly recommended to anyone who is tired of the cookie cutter singers who need sex and vulgar language to sell their songs , because Clay has done it his way , and he has given us a refreshing taste of the way music should be -- the way it used to be -- when you could understand every word that a singer sang without the unnecessaries . This is operation `` Vanilla for a Change '' or `` Let Clay Be Clay . '' Words can not begin to say enough about this CD , so I highly encourage each of you buy your own copy and judge it for yourself . Clay will not disappoint you .
 Clay Aiken is everything the music world has been searching for ! He has morals that equal his dynamic vocal range . From the beginning note of `` Invisible '' to the ending note of `` Touch '' Clay Aiken brings you into a world where good things do happen to the nerdy guys and the runner-up does finish 1st ! If you are searching for a true pop superstar ... you will find him in Clay Aiken . Every word of every song comes from his heart and can actually be understood ! This guy is awesome and I congratulate him on his outstanding 1st album !
 Clay 's talents are unlike any other singer -- he has a style all his own . Although the title track and `` Invisible '' are getting all the attention in the media right now , my favorite is `` Touched '' . His songs are clean -LRB- which Clay fought to do -RRB- and honest . This does not sound like the Clay we heard on American Idol . The songs do n't have as much punch as some of the ones he sang in the competition . But they 're good , unique , sounds . I highly recommend this CD .
 I wrote a review right after I got Clay 's new cd before I really had a good chance to listen to it . I heard one of the songs playing on the radio and I loved it ! I didi n't give it a fair chance as others around were saying its not as good as what we have seen him do but it is ! I really enjoy it and have listened to all the songs now and am really impressed.Clay has such an amazing sound and I love his new cd . He will definetely have many hits off this cd .
 If the music industry wants bigger profits , then it has to find more Clay Aikens and great songs like those on Measure of a Man . As a member of the baby boomer generation , I have been listening to the radio stations that play the songs of the 80 's , 90 's and Today . They ca n't play just music of Today because there is n't enough out there to please us . Every track on Clay 's album is excellent . Congratulations to a very talented young man ! Radio stations and the music industry , Hear Us !
 I have to admit , I was not a fan of Clay 's until the last 3 nights of American Idol . My 16 year old daughter and I voted for Reuben until the last night . That night I voted for Clay , but she still voted for Reuben . But when we went to the American Idol concert in Raliegh we both fell in love with Clay ! Of course I knew This is The Night and Invisible were wonderful because he performed them so beautifully !! But I was n't sure what to expect with the rest of the CD . I was in love with several songs the first time I heard them ; I Will Carry You , The Way , When You Say You Love Me , and Touch . But after listening to the CD several times I now love them all . I recommend this to anyone who loves Clay . To the people who do n't love him , you might change your mind if you listen to it !
 As I read the words of Charles Alan Weber , I could totally relate to his feelings about the production of MOAM . When I first heard the CD , I reacted very similarly . However , I found myself wanting to listen to it again in hopes of picking up on those unique qualities of Clay 's voice regardless of the overpowering twang of the instrumentation . I found very quickly that the songs grew on me -- to the point that I absolutely love every one of the tracks on this CD -- `` I Survived '' and `` Shine '' being two of my favorites . One suggestion
 I was a bit hesitant about buying Clay Aiken 's new album . I am not a big fan of the ballad and even less of a fan of an entire album of ballads . But this album is not full of ballads , yes , it has many but it is also full of fun up tempo songs that are expertly weaved in and out of some very strong emotional songs . I would have liked to have heard more of Clay 's lower register used but I can forgive that , and can not wait until there is a second album . Very promissing , very different and yet contemporary . A good solid 45 minute listen .
 I ALSO FEEL THAT CLAY DOES NOT HAVE TO BE CROWNED AMERICAN IDOL TO PROVE HE IS # 1 . I THINK THAT THIS CD IS AWESOME.I ALSO THINK THAT THE NASTY MOUTH BOY -LRB- MONKEY -RRB- HAS RETURNED TO THIS SITE TO ATTACK THE CHARACTER OF CLAY AIKEN.I WOULD HOPE THAT AMAZON.COM WOULD TAKE STEPS TO CURB THIS CHARACTER ATTACKS ON THE ARTISTS . THIS `` LITTLE BOY '' NEEDS TO BE BANNED FROM YOUR REVIEW SITE.NASTY MOUTH LITTLE BOYS -LCB- LIKE MONKEY -RRB- NEED TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR THIS CONDUCT . AS FOR MR.CLAY AIKEN ... . HE IS GOING TO BE AROUND FOR A LONG TIME . WE WILL BE INJOYING HIS BEAUTIFUL VOICE FOR MANY YEARS .
 CLAY AIKEN HAS WOWED US WITH HIS GLORIOUS VOICE , SOUTHERN CHARM AND SWEET DEMEANOR.CLAY HAS WON THE HEARTS OF MILLIONS OF FANS AROUND THE WORLD.HE MAY NOT HAVE BEEN CROWNED AMER.IDOL BUT ... HE IS IN EVERY WAY AN AMERICAN IDOL TO ALL OF HIS FANS YOUNG AND OLD . CLAY HAS PROVED HE IS NOT JUST A TEEN IDOL . I 'VE READ REVIEWS HERE FROM ALL AGES AND GENDER.IN MY OWN FAMILY HE HAS FANS IN ALL AGES . CLAY AIKEN WILL BE SINGING HIS WAY INTO OUR HEARTS FOR YEARS TO COME . SINCE THE FIRST TIME I HEARD HIM SING ON AMER.IDOL I WAS HOOKED ON THAT BEAUTIFUL VOICE.EACH WEEK HE PROVED HIMSELF TO US AND WE WERE SO IN AWE OF HIS TALENT . CLAY DID NOT HAVE TO WIN THE TITLE OF AMER.IDOL TO PROVE TO ME THAT HE IS A WINNER . I READ THAT SIMON COWELL SAID THAT OF ALL THE IDOL CONTESTANTS ... CLAY WOULD BE THE MOST FAMOUS . NOW HE GETS IT .
 Have you not had enough people tell you that Jaan 's review istotally incorrect ? Why is this review still posted ? Just how manyfans and customers are you trying to piss off or drive away ? Areyou trying to pimp for Ruben 's CD ? I just do n't get it . OK allyou fans of Mr. Aiken , it is time to let Amazon.Com just howunhappy we are with this inane , biased , unfactual review so do n'tbe bashful write your feelings and let them know . Reviews likethis are harmful to people thinking about buying this CD . Somepeople , those who ca n't think for themselves , actually relie onthese self professed music critics and take their word as gospel.OK Amazon.Com furnish Jaan 's credentials and what makes -LRB- it ? -RRB- amusic critic . It is all an opinion and should be stated `` in myopinion '' . So take it off or let us know just how long you intendto leave it up . If you leave it up I 'll bet it will be until after Dec. 9th when Ruben 's CD is released that you remove it.Trust me it will not help the sales of Ruben 's CD . People whowant to buy Ruben will do and those who do n't wo n't . But quitbashing this fantastic CD by an artist with the best voice thisyear or the past 15 years .
 This album is flawed , but is still excellent for a freshmen album . The songs have great lyrics and catchy tunes . This is not boyband . Boybands could n't sing their ways out of a paper bag and all their lyrics contain may 5 words at the most . Clay actually can sing WELL and his songs are meaningful , especially MOAM . You get a variety from teen pop -LRB- Invisible -RRB- to rock -LRB- I Will Carry You , No More Sad Song , I Survive You -RRB- to even Beatlesque -LRB- Shine -RRB- and SALSA -LRB- Touch -RRB- !! Of course there are the beautiful ballads too . Get this CD , you wo n't be dissappointed .
 First things first , sorry if this posts twice , Amazon is being weird on me . I would just like to say that ever since I bought this CD on October 14th , I have listened to it a zillion times and have not tired of it at all . Clay is truly something special , something words ca n't describe . I have been a fan of his from Day 1 , and his voice , charm , and personality never ceases to amaze me . This CD has a large variety of songs and emotions , all of which he sings beautifully . I would highly reccomend this to everybody , even those who still think of him as the `` American Idol Runner-Up `` Oh and btw , I agree with WH Miller on the fact that Mister Monkey should not be allowed to post such vulgar remarks . Other reviews by him have not only been homophobic , but racist as well . Please consider this Amazon . Thanks .
 My goodness . I knew I would like this album , because I was already a huge fan of Clay 's . I knew there would be some songs on it that would melt me , and some others that would be catchy and fun . But what I did n't know was that this would be an album I ca n't get tired of ... at least not for a long time ! I could go into detail about how great each track is , but I only have 1000 words here , and anyone who knows me knows that I 'd never be able to sum up my feelings for this album in less than 1000 words ! What I will say is that I am one of those people who listen to `` all kinds of music '' -LRB- literally everything from heavy metal to country to jazz to pop to R&B to classical to whatever else you can come up with -RRB- , and I ca n't find anything about this album that is n't FABULOUS . Good music is good music , and talent is talent . This is a great first album by someone who may very well change the way we look at popular music . Anyone who might dismiss MoaM as being a bit scattered in its musical direction does n't have a clue about putting together an album like this , making a first album for someone who does n't have a huge catalog of self-penned songs . If you think MoaM is scattered , take a look at the first album released by the Monkees -LRB- and do n't you DARE diss the Monkees in my presence ... some of the best dang pop music ever recorded , written and produced by the best in the business -RRB- . In situations like this , you have to feel around for a little while until you find your place , which is exactly what MoaM is doing , and doing very successfully . The variety of songs shows some of Clay 's range , which , ultimately , is far greater than what they could have shown on one album . We will see much more impressive things from him in the future ... but for now , we have a fantastic first album to enjoy . Congratulations , Clay !
 The whole album is truly wonderful and has something for everybody . A few up tempo and also ballads which is where Clay 's voice really shines ! His voice is so pure and clear and has such a beautiful tone , you can listen over and over again and not get tired of hearing him . I recommend this CD to everyone . No matter what type of music you 're into , I think you will be able to appreciate this album from a very talented new artist !
 Okay , well , we all knew that Clay 's CD would be awesome , but did anybody expect THIS ??? It 's amazing ! I 've never liked a CD this much in my whole life ever ! I am so proud of Clay and all he 's done -LRB- # 1 on Billboard , rolling stone , what will he do next ? -RRB- I love him and his music sooooo much , and I hope this is the start of much more great music to come !
 When I reach for a CD this is the one I grab . In fact , I 've given up putting this one away and just keep it in my CD player . Each and every song is beautifully arranged and sung . Clay Aiken has the most amazing voice and the lyrics are emotionally poetic . I was so sick and tired of getting CDs with only one or two good songs . Clay Aiken 's CD has twelve songs that are great . I find it hard to even choice a favorite . The rich texture and clarity of Clay 's voice shines through on each song and this CD is definitely worth the listen .
 The best album I have owned in 20 years . Enjoying every song .
 I am a 61 year old grandmother and loved Clay 's singing ability during American Idol . I bought this CD hoping that I would enjoy it as much as the young people . At first I was a little disappointed but the more I played it and listened to it I fell in love with the music . He has so many great songs on there that I ca n't but feel that several should become number one . I am looking forward to other CDs and I would love Solitaire and Unchain Melody to be on his next CD . I also bought this CD for my 9 year old granddaughter and she plays it a lot .
 I 'm a huge fan of many genre 's of music ; 80 's rock & glam , new and old country , techno euro , and some classical . Having such and apreciation of , pretty much all music types its those artist 's that stand out amongst the masses . Those artist would be Steve Perry -LRB- vocals -RRB- , Micheal Bolton -LRB- vocals -RRB- , Celine Dion -LRB- vocals -RRB- , Aldo Nova -LRB- His writing ability , & when he 's teamed with Bon Jovi -RRB- , Steve Plunkett -LRB- his writing ability -RRB- , Gregg Guiffria -LRB- writing ability , Def Leppard , Collective Soul , and Tim McGraw . When these artists release albums I 'm usually right there to buy them because they are always worth it . Clay is amongst those few vocalist who just have to sing and they 'll draw a crowd . He 's teamed up with several top name writers on this album and has compiled a top favorite for my cd player and computer jukebox . I 'll be in line with money in hand when his next cd comes out .
 Mr. Aiken 's AMAZING VOICE and the beautifully written SONGS make this a MUST HAVE CD for everyone ... There is a little bit of everything on this CD from upbeat love songs to moving ballads ... Clay 's voice really shines on `` I WILL CARRY YOU '' , `` INVISIBLE '' and `` TOUCH '' have great upbeat tempos , `` RUN TO ME '' and `` NO MORE SAD SONG '' prove CLAY can really rock , and you just ca n't help but sing along to `` WHEN YOU SAY YOU LOVE ME '' which is my FAVORITE song on the CD ... I recommend you BUY THIS CD TODAY !!
 I agree with some of the other reviews here . The background music did seem to overwhelm the vocals during some of the songs.But the more I listen to it - constantly - the more I love it .
 One of the things that I most enjoyed about Clay Aiken on American Idol was the fact that his voice was so unlike anyone else out there . The power and richness that he put into every song was more than enough to keep me watching every week , but in this album , I do n't get that . Do n't get me wrong , I LOVE this album , and it 's amazing , but it just does n't sound like the Clay Aiken that I loved from American Idol . I understand that a recording studio and editing will refine an artist 's voice so that they sound more mainstream , but I think the producers went overboard with Clay . He does n't need a lot of polishing to be great , he has talent . All in all , this is a terrific album , I would have loved to have ` Bridge Over Troubled Water ' and ` To Love Somebody ' , but maybe he 's saving those for his next album , and I ca n't wait ! Keep it up Clay !
 I knew his single was going to good . Cause I heard him in concert and got to met him backstage . Normally I do n't like every song on a CD but this was an expection it was beyond good . Too good . I say go out there and spin ur meony on this CD right now !
 I 'm a huge clay fan and although this is a bit different from what i was expecting , I 'm still in love with it.amanda
 I LOVE THIS CD !! I agree , a little pop , a little soft rock and a little country and more all rolled into one GREAT CD !! I love his single INVISBLE , I love the song MEASURE OF A MANand I love track # 4 too.I ca n't stop listening to this CD .
 I was unexpectedly blown away by this album . I bought it based on the song `` Invisible '' and was pleasantly surprised to find that I liked the entire album . It grew on me , a little more , each time I listened to it . One of the best purchases I 've ever made .
 As a new `` Clay comer '' , I purchased `` Measure Of A Man '' in Dec. ' 04 . He has the sexiest voice I 've ever heard . You ca n't help but fall head over heels for his talent . I listen to it every day , and fall asleep to it every night.Although every song on the CD is awesome , I have four favorites : `` The Way '' , `` When You Say You Love Me '' , `` I Survived You '' , and `` Measure Of A Man '' . It 's a `` must have '' for any music lover 's collection .
 AWESOME CD ... CLAY WILL GO FAR IN HIS CAREER NO MATTER WHAT HE DOES . LAST YEAR CLAY SHOULD HAVE WON HANDS DOWN . THIS YEAR AMERICA PICKED THE RIGHT ONE . CLAY & FANTASIA ARE THE BEST .
 Although the actual instrumental engineering leaves a bit to be desired with heavy-handed drum beats that at times over-shadow the singer . Overall , Mr. Aiken leaves you aching for more with this CD . His powerful pop ballads are chock full of interesting and stunning vocal creativity and even the weakest of the songs ; he manages to pull off as only Mr. Aiken can do . If this ` rushed and hurried ' CD by previous management group 19 sounds this good and is selling in the triple millions , I ca n't wait to hear what Clay 's NEW MANAGEMENT team has in store for the upcoming year !!! Favorites
 This CD rocks my world , and it will rock your world too ! Clay 's voice is so amazing ; it has so much power and emotion . Clay 's singing gives me chills . I think the songs are fabulous and convey meaningful messages and are well written . The `` Measure Of A Man '' import CD is my favorite import CD !
 What a debut . This CD helped me thru when my grandpa died , and I really love it . Here are my ratings from 0 to 10 . Invisible -- 10 . This is a perfect opener . I love this , such a good song.I Will Carry You -- 9 . I like it , but not a favorite . Good chorus.The Way -- 10 + ! Clay , you know `` the way '' to sing ! One of my favorites.When You Say You Love Me -- 8 . It 's OK.No More Sad Songs -- 8 . It 's got a jazz tinge to it . See above.Run To Me -- 9 . Powerful ballad.Shine -- 8 . It 's OK.I Survived You -- 10 + + !!!! I LOVE IT . This was the really emotional one for me . I really love it.This Is The Night -- 10 + + ! See above ! It 's just as awesome.Perfect Day -- 10 . Really great.Measure Of A man -- 10 + + + ! AWESOME !!!!!!!! Touch -- 7 . It 's not that good .
 Clay Aiken is awesome ! He has an incredible voice that gives you the chills . He is a true gentlemen who I will support as much as I possibly can . I have had his cd since it first came out and I ca n't make myself stop playing it . To heck with the radio . I long to hear his voice all day long . I play his cd the whole time I am in the car . I take it into work so I can listen to it during the day and into the house when I am home . I never get tired of ANY of the songs . Every single one is amazing ! I know he will be around for a long time . My entire family loves him . We try to follow his schedule of appearances because he brings a smile to our faces with his warm , sincere personality and amazing voice . Thank God for Clay !
 I first fell in love with Clay 's voice on American Idol . He has a rich , powerful voice with a wide range . I think he can take almost any song and make it sound wonderful . I think he proved that on American Idol . His voice is appealing to people of all ages . I am 62 , my Mother is 86 , my four daughters are ages 33 to 39 , my granddaughter is 12 , and we all love his voice and music . My husband is 63 and he admires him as a wonderful , refreshing new talent with a marvelous voice . I loved his CD , Measure of a Man , so much I bought 10 of his CD , s to give as Christmas gifts . I wanted to share something I loved with someone I love . May God continue to bless him and enrich his life . May he always stay the wonderful wholesome young man he is today . That 's my Christmas wish for him .
 I think that it really worked in Clay 's favor to be out of AI 's control ! I love every single song on this cd ! This is music you can relate with . My 4 year old ASKS if we can listen to Clay ! My 56 year old mom highly enjoys this cd ! My husband enjoys listening to it also ! I 'm 26 years old , and I truly enjoy it also ! So no , this is not a cd aimed at pre-teen girls , this is music that is honest , clean , enjoyable and singable for men and women of all ages . VERY enjoyable !!!
 I have to say that I have been a little less enthused about music in the past 5 years . However , for the first time in years I am just blown away by the EXTREME talent of Clay Aiken . I have never heard anything quite so beautiful , than his voice , in all of my life . I love EVERY song on this CD . I got this CD when it first came out and I can not stop listening to it . From the second I get in my car until I get out , that CD is blasting in my car !! The enthusiasm that I have for this talented man 's music is indescribable . I feel like a teenager again because his music makes me scream with absolute joy . I would recommend this CD to anyone and everyone because the intensity and electricity that exudes from his voice is miraculous !!
 This is THE CD to give for all Christmas gifts ! Not only does Clay have an amazing voice , he is truly a good person who wants to help people . For those who want to benefit Clay 's charity works , check out GIFTED by Kirk Martin at kirkmartinbooks.com - the author is donating $ 5.00 from every copy to the Bubel-Aiken Foundation during December to help kids with learning disabilities . You will love Clay 's CD and love this book ! Ca n't wait for more from Clay !
 Clay Aiken stood tall in front of millions of people each week and endured criticism , insults and even uncalled for belittling by Simon Cowell . I believe he showed what kind of man he was then and now he shows us what kind of entertainer he is . His freshman endeavor is nothing less than outstanding ! I find this young man more remarkable each and every time I see him in an interview . He definitely has my vote for most intriguing person of the year . Anyone who has n't heard the full CD is missing out on a great talent .
 There is no way that Amazon 's reviewer can compare Clay to talentless boybands that rely on catchy background music and over-exaggerated dance moves to move CDS . Clay has real talent , something that boybands sorely lack . Even Ruben Studdard , the American Idol champion can not come close to Clay in terms of voice quality and pure singing talent . IMO , Clay deserves his success , this is a fabulous CD by a very talented singer . And his performance at the American Music Awards was simply stunning , why else would some members of the audience give a standing ovation ? Remember that the audience was made up of singers and entertainment industry people , and i 'm pretty sure they were n't applauding Ruben 's performance , good as it may have been , Clay was just simply spectacular . A great singer and a great CD , they do n't make singers like this anymore .
 This CD is the best I have heard in years . Every song on the CD is great , I usually buy a CD and like one or two songs , but there is not a song on here I do n't like . The Way is great , Measure of a man , is wonderful , Perfect Day and The way you love me are 2 of my favorites , along with Invisible and This is the Night . You must buy this CD and do n't just listen to it once . The more you listen to it the more you love every song .
 What a beautiful voice . Clay is # 1 No doubt about it.Im a 65 year old grandma and I have n't purchased a cd in years.After hearing Clay sing on american idol I knew that talent was back.I mean real talent ! Not that foul language that has been set to music to fill our youngsters heads . American idol was not a show that many of us were interested in when it started but the show did more than find an amer.idol.The show gave us back the beautiful music of yesterday.We also were blessed with guest judges who sang those beautiful songs.THE BEE GEES . . Lionel Rithie . . and we were drawn in . The show Found this young man named CLAY AIKEN and what a find.His awesome voice and his southern charm warmed our hearts and I -LRB- this 65 yr . old Grandma -RRB- could n't wait to see what Clay would sing next . Clay has a single due out dec .9 th with Solitaire on it . I ca n't wait ... I 'll be buying that cd as well as all of Clays cds . I hear that Clay has a birthday comming up November 30 . `` 25 '' Happy birthday Clay ! God bless !
 I 'm very impress with way in which Clay as matured as a singer . Every song on the CD is great ! I 'm a huge Ruben supporter and I never thought I would like Clay 's music - I was wrong . I can not stop listening to the CD . It is awsome . I love every song on the CD . Buy this CD if you are a fan of great singing and good music you will not be dissapointed .
 he is the best entertainment > CD < money can buy you go Clay
 I Love This Whole Album . Clay Is A True Artist And Will Be Around For A Long Time . All I Can Say Is Brillant !!!!!
 I absolutely love this album . It 's a wonderful listen . If you want to listen to music where you can hear the actual artist and can understand the words being sung , this album is for you . I recommend it highly .
 This album is absolutely gorgeous . Clay without a doubt has the ability to charm the world with his flowing voice and sweet lyrics . It 's a must have for any Clay fan ! His songs are innocently romantic , and packed full of talent , so do n't miss this album !!!
 This is an amazing debut CD by an amzaing singer . What a beautiful , powerful voice !!! The songs are very good - they took me through every emotion . Often when I buy a CD , I really like one or two songs and I 'm usually disappointed with the rest . NOT SO in this case . Finally , finally , finally a CD where I like every song on it . Thank-you to Clay for making your music your way and thanks to RCA allowing it to happen .
 This whole album is spectacular . Every song is great ! He is truly now the Popstar ! The album brings a little something for everyone with catchy rock/pop songs to love ballads . `` Touch '' and `` The Way '' are especially moving ! Great album from a great performer ! Thank you Clay !
 I love this album ! In order , my favorites are
 I expected nothing but the best From Clay and he never lets us down ... He will be a legend ... WE LOVE YOU CLAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I could n't wait for the album after all the recent TV appearances . I ran out this morning before work to locate the CD and found it at the second store we went to , on sale . We briefly listened to each song before work and it 's just amazing . No other words , left me speechless , I wish I was off today so I could spend the whole day listening to the CD . Clay is definately going places !
 I bought it at 12:07 am on 10/14 , listened to it on the way home , and loved every track . Clay has a winner here .
 Clay Aiken has a voice that can bring you down to your knees . That alone makes this CD worth buying . For someone who never had formal training , he sure is nothing different from a longtime professional singer . He has a very strong vocal , he knows how to minimize sound breathing in between pitches -LRB- that takes a lot of control from the diagphram -RRB- , and you can actually hear every single word he sings -LRB- which is more than what I can say for most of the pop singers these days -RRB- . Most importantly , unlike other pop CD , this one does n't have to rely on background vocalists . Clay 's voice never gets drowned in the background vocals , you can always tell apart his voice from the others ' . Now on to the songs , and here is where the CD gets less than perfect .1 -RRB- Invisible-9 / 10 Catchy tune . The lyric is good but clumsy at some places2 -RRB- I Will Carry You-10 / 10 Although the topic of this song has been done quite a bit before , the lyric stands on its own . Clay 's voice in this song is incredible ! You can tell he put his heart into it .3 -RRB- The Way-6 .5 / 100 Very cliched . Not one of the best ones on the album .4 -RRB- When You Say You Love Me-8 / 10 Upbeat and fun . The lyric is okay , nothing special .5 -RRB- No More Sad Songs-910 Very good song6 -RRB- Run To Me-9 / 0 Very good song7 -RRB- Shine-10 / 10 One of the best song on the CDs . The message is old but the lyric got me : `` Everything you areEverywhere you 've beenThe sinner and the saint that fight the battle within ... 8 -RRB- I Survived You-10 / 10 Again , old message but the lyric makes up for it . Clay sounds so passionate in this song you 'd think he was expressing his real feelings ! 9 -RRB- The Is The Night-8 / 10 Not bad10 -RRB- Perfect Day-7 / 10 Cliched , but not too bad11 -RRB- Measure of a Man-100000 / 10 ! Absolutely one of the best songs EVER written ! I ca n't get enough of it . I always push the rewind button to hear it one more time . And what 's more , ZERO background vocal ! Clay 's voice sounds purer than ever and he put all of his heart into it .12 -RRB- Touch-8 / 10 Not one of the best songs .
 Clay Aiken 's debut album is the best ! Clay gives 110 % to this product , and you wo n't be disapionted . Ruben Studdard may have been crowned American Idol , but Clay 's album is selling like Clay really one . So are we sure Clay Aiken did n't win American Idol ? We 're sure , but if it was up to the record sales , Clay would win . Once again , a five star album . If you are a Claymate , or know a Claymate , who does n't own this C.D. yet , BUY IT !
 First of all , I would not have bought this CD if it were recorded by any one other than Clay Aiken.I like the guy ; I think he 's the `` real deal '' . I actually like the song Invisible more than I thought I would.It is very catchy and I find myself singing it long after I 've turned it off.I do n't find most of the other songs to be outstanding or even greatly original . I do however enjoy Perfect Day and No More Sad Songs . Clearly Clay had a hand in choosing some of these tunes as the lyrics reflect on Clay 's own professed religious and spiritual beliefs . Most of the songs allow Clay to showcase his beautiful vocals.BR > I would love to hear him do Solitaire and to hear Bridge over Troubled Water again . I wish that those two cuts were on this CD.I am looking forward to hearing more from Clay ; original music and covers that really show what he 's got.I wish Clay all the success in the world and am happy to do my part to support his future in music .
 Clay is the best thing that has come out to this music world since Elvis Presley ... Elvis was my idol ... BUT I guess now I have a new Idol and it 's CLAY AIKEN all the way . . The best I 've heard in a long time . P.S I am 58 years old but still young at heart when you can love to hear someone sing like Clay does
 I am not an AI fan - I 've never watched the show , not once . But I became interested in Clay Aiken when I saw him being interviewed by Diane Sawyer , of all things - he sang about four notes and I was amazed at a beautiful , rich voice -LRB- not to mention a young man who seems very genuine , kind , sweet , and morally intelligent -RRB- . I think my heart actually exploded when he began singing - what a breathtaking gift -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . I am formally educated in music and vocal performance , and as a fellow singer , I can say that Clay has an absolutely beautiful voice . Unfortunately , this album does n't flatter Clay 's gift as much as it could and should . The songs are underwritten - the songwriters really let Clay down here , and it 's a shame he could n't get more of a handle on his own album . Many of them sound the same or very similar . I believe this kid has an amazing range of vocal talent hidden within , and he was very much let down by writers and producers just coming off of a bad guacamole binge or something.Additionally , it is far too overproduced . I have listened to this CD several times , and have this vision in my head of Clay belting out the song gorgeously the first few times , but then being forced to do it again ... and again ... and again ... until he was sick of it and ready to strangle himself out of frustration . I 'd love to hear the 3rd and 4th take of each track . I 've found links of his live performances , and he 's wonderful . -LRB- Fear not , he is wonderful on this LP as well . -RRB- Somehow some evil producer sucked the joy out of him by making him rehearse this to death . He does n't sound tired , it 's just that sometimes the feeling behind the songs is n't there , and again , I wonder if it was pounded out of him by endless do-overs . It 's a shame . I suspect that if Clay or an actually good producer were in charge , we 'd have a different album here.Still , Clay 's voice is great , and this more than makes up for the overproduction and bad songwriting -LRB- btw , what is all of this against a `` Broadway '' voice ? Is that so bad compared to other artists who can not even sing , who shall remain nameless ? -RRB- . There are several really good songs on the album - `` Invisible , '' while just a * tad * creepy lyrically , has a great hook and is fun to listen to while lending itself to lots of fun harmonies ; I adore `` Measure of a Man , '' which is one of the best-written songs on the album ; `` Perfect Day '' is another fun listen ; `` No More Sad Song '' probably gives us the best ` view ' of his voice ; and `` When You Say You Love Me '' is a subtle yet really terrific song -LRB- and ooooo , that voice ! -RRB- . I really wish this had n't been made so quickly ... something wrong happened here ... Clay has an amazing gift , seems like a nice guy , and deserves better . If I were him , I 'd be firing a few people for abject incompetence ! I await his next album for the chillingly lovely voice , and with hopes for better-written songs and better production values.Really , if you take nothing else away from this - Clay Aiken has an amazing , beautiful voice and that alone makes this CD wonderful . I just can not get over his gift and its potential . I 'd cheerfully cut a duet with him any day of the year !
 I love this man ... and please do n't get me started on his voice!I now ca n't ever imagine my life without having Clay Aiken in it ! He 's such a wonderful talent ... not only with his beautiful , haunting vibrato , but his whole persona.He is the next Elvis , I ca n't wait to hear many more albums to come ! Believe me I 'm a picky person when it comes to music I chose ... and I chose Clay!Measure of a man gets an A + + + + , thumbs up and a million stars .
 I was very impressed with this CD . I am most certian if another contest was done , Clay would win hands down . He will far surpass Rebuen . The songs on the CD are fantastic , Clive Davis and Simon Fuller have done a great job in bringing out the very best of Clay `` s stellar voice . He will go far and there will be a Grammy in his future as well as other awards . I think we will also see him on the screen as well as broadway . I can not wait for him to do a concert here in Ontario again . I missed him when the idol 's were here .
 Clay Aiken is a STAR . Although some have reviewed this CD with trite and hurried comments , I doubt that many of those reviewers have listened to the CD more than once or twice . Clay is a phenominal talent with a rich vocal range and a voice unlike anyone else . He is clearly a rising superstar and this CD , his debut , is well worth the price . I look forward to many , many more CD 's from this super talented man .
 It is a rare occassion , indeed , that a singer comes along who is as vocally gifted and charismatic as the undeniably endearing Mr Aiken . On Measure of a Man , Aiken shows that he is more than a singer of cover songs . His voice soars through subtly powerful ballads such as The Way and Measure of a Man . On Perfect Day and Invisible , Aiken delivers radio friendly pop that seems destined to conquer the charts . With Run to me , Shine and I will carry you Aiken offers solace and inspiration for a broken heart . It is interesting to note that some of the songs themselves are not lyrically innovative , but Aiken 's sweet tenor and passionate heart inject the songs with meaning and beauty . Now it is clear why Ruben Studdard was crowned as the American Idol though Aiken was more deserving - the powers at Fox saw that Aiken could succeed without the title . Indeed , his success may prove to be greater than Studdard 's in the long run . Thank you , Mr Aiken , for bringing heart back into contemporary pop music .
 Absolutely fabulous ! Every time I listen to it , I enjoy it even more . Clay 's fabulous voice does not disappoint . Highly recommended !
 This is a fabulous cd . I can listen to it over and over again . Clay is a special , wholesome , and extremely talented individual who 's voice is definitely a gift from God !! Sorry he was robbed of being named `` American Idol '' # 2 's winner . He so deserved it .
 Best Pop Album of 2003 ... . at least that 's what the review from Billboard had to say and I 'll have to agree . I followed Clay on AI and loved his style -LRB- and voice -RRB- there . I purchased his demo CD -LRB- which he made before AI -RRB- and played it every time I got in the car for over 4 months . This new CD is a little more `` pop-Clay '' than I 'm used to but he definitely shines on this one . Every song is a keeper . With some popular `` music '' on the radio these days , it is nice to listen to music that does n't make you feel `` dirty '' for listening to it but makes you feel relaxed and happy . I now listen to AI-Clay , Demo CD-Clay and Pop-Clay and ca n't wait till the next CD comes out to see which Clay we will hear then . I 'm personally hoping for some songs that will showcase his wonderful voice in the lower notes ; what I call Deep Voice-Clay . At any rate , this young man has a wonderful career in music ahead of him for however long he chooses to stay in the business . Take care of your voice , Clay ... it is a gift from God and He is using you to influence and inspire .
 There is something very , very special about Clay . I get chills when I listen to him sing . I ca n't remember the last time anyone 's voice made me feel like that . I just ca n't get enough of him . This cd is outstanding ! I love all the songs . I especially like `` I Survived You '' . I find it hard to get through the cd as I keep replaying each song . I do wish they would have put `` Solitaire '' on this cd , but maybe the next one . I 'd also love to see Neil Sedaka write and produce the next one . Clay , you 're awesome , the cd is awesome ! We love you !!!
 I deffinitly love clay ! And the album is pretty good . Well , CLay is wonderful but i am a little dissapointed at the way they tone down his voice . Plus , I am not a huge pop fan . But , I still get chills listening to this album . I hope someday he writes his own music and makes an album that is truly his . I think that would be the best .
 Clay has THE voice and it is an awesome gift . The studio/production sound is not . Clay 's voice comes through despite the over-production of this cd . This over-production sound -LRB- they say `` music '' ? -RRB- make so many cds the same . I would love to hear him sing with more simplistic background music , letting his voice carry the songs . Pure Clay ! I wonder what type of cd Neil Sedaka would have -LRB- or still might ? -RRB- produce for Clay . Yes , I was looking forward to the complete Clay-rendition of `` Solitaire . `` All in all , this is a GREAT CD , especially for his first one . I admire his morality and greatly appreciate a cd that I can listen to with anyone w/o concern for the lyrics . Thanks , Clay !!! I look forward to your next cd ... and your next ... and your next ...
 I have no clue why this cd is getting horrible reviews , but I 'm sure it has something to do with the AI label . No matter what anyone thinks , I * know * this is an excellent cd . Great job hun , you 're here to stay : -RRB-
 A clean cut album from a TRUE clean cut artist.You can listen to this cd with anyone and not fear the messages like today 's music.Each song can fit a person 's past or feelings so well . Most of us have endured the hardships , love , and blessings that this young man sings of.Do not be fooled by the bad reviews by the industry paid critics and reviewers . They say this cd is bad because the industry fears Clay and his fans.The music industry says we all want to hear hip hop - rap - sex - infidelity messages . LOL GUESS WHAT ?? Listen up record producers . If this was true , tell me why Clay Aiken is the hottest thing in MUSIC today , period ??? His music is outselling ANYTHING put out by 95 % of the so called stars today .
 Came home to find the CD in the mail ; put it on while fixing dinner and thought , `` Well , it 's a safe first album . Pleasant enough , but certainly does n't stretch the imagination . '' After having time to sit down and listen carefully , I realized Clay does his usual superb job , but after a few opening bars of each song , the background becomes overpowering , at least for my tastes . It took me until the 8th cut , `` I Survived You , '' which begins beautifully and dramatically with Aiken and just a piano , to realize what was happening on all the cuts . I wish at least some of the cuts had kept simple instrumentation.In true Clay fashion , however , there are some sparkling moments even with the overpowering background , as in the McCartney-esque phrasing `` It 's gon na be a perfect day '' in Perfect Day.CLAY IS GREAT . His producers need to stop trying - inadvertantly - to overpower his talent with either musical background , as on this CD , or with vocal background , as in his `` Bridge Over Troubled Water '' single.I hope on his next CD Clay is allowed to stretch more , without being weighed down by distracting background.But this is a CD I will enjoy listening to over and over , and I expect to be buying Clay Aiken CD 's for many years to come .
 I love Clay Aiken , and yes , I could probably listen to him sing the phone book . BUT , this album is truly fantastic , IMO . My favorite song changes daily , even hourly , and I love every track on the CD !! I ca n't remember this happening since Carole King 's Tapestry , umpteen years ago ! I love romantic , sing-along-able songs and this CD is loaded with them . Not enough edge , some critics are grousing ?? Hey , there 's more nerve-grating edge than I can bear in today 's music world ; give me more , more , more of this kind of music , and I 'll buy as much as I can possibly afford , for myself and for gift-giving !
 This cd is the best I 've purchased in as many years as I can remember !! I would be hard-pressed to pick one favorite track on the album-they 're all amazing ! Usually when I pick up a cd of one of my favorite singers/groups , I 'm lucky to like even half the songs . This is truly the first time I 've liked all of them !!! Bottom line , Clay has an amazing voice - listening to him sing just makes me happy -LRB- and he 's not bad to look at either -RRB- !!! :-RRB- You can bet I 'll be first in line to buy any of Clay 's future cd 's . He 's like a breath of fresh air in the current music scene !
 I would have to to even come close to what I feel is the best CD out this year . It 's not filled with foul language , sexual innuendos , and you can actually understand the lyrics !!! What a concept !!! Clay 's voice and emotion come through crystal clear on each and every track . While I 've been a Clay fan since his Atlanta audition , I know people who were n't and they have listened to the CD and are now convinced . No matter what perception you may have about Clay , the man can sing !
 The debut album , `` Measure of a Man '' , is a must have for Clay Aiken fans . The songs are tailor made to showcase Aiken 's phenomenal range and musical talent . Every note is sung with the emotion that Clay puts into all of his songs making it easy to connect one on one with those listening to his music . This is a talent that certainly comes across on this CD . It will be difficult to chose a favorite from songs like , `` No More Sad Songs '' , `` Invisible '' , and `` Measure of a Man '' , the title track . No wonder the CD has gone double platinum in its first week . This is truly a triumphant entry for a very gifted young man .
 I was talked into buying this CD and I am glad that I bought it as I am now a new fan . What an amazing voice and I loved ALL the songs . I could not list a favorite as I loved them all , some more than others . The one song that I did n't care for at first has grown on me -LRB- I Will Carry You -RRB- and I love it too . I am really tired of all the angry pop songs out there with lyrics that scream sex , hatred , violence and the so-called artists that call it singing . This album is uplifting , relaxing , and lyrics that make you smile and feel happy . I can not wait until this man releases another CD as I definitely will buy it and highly recommend it . This man really has talent !!
 First , I am a huge fan of Clay Aiken . He has a magnificent voice that I feel the `` powers that be '' tried to turn into just another pop singer . I 'm not saying the songs are bad , I 'm just saying some of them were n't easily recognized as Clay 's voice . I would have loved more ballads with the backgrounds a little quieter so Clay could shine through . Let 's hope the next album has more of Clay , less pop attitude .
 I enjoyed watching AI last season and was totally disappointed that Clay did n't win . Ruben is certainly a fine singer as well , but Clay showed much more range and his voice held up much better over the course of the competition . His rendition of `` Bridge '' blew me away ! While I do n't go for all the `` Claymania '' that some of his more rabid fans are into , I was looking forward to this CD more than most.Still , it seemed a bit like they were rushing to get this first album out and after the over-production on his single version of `` Bridge '' I had reservations about how much I would enjoy this one . Clay seemed to really shine on slow ballads , but I like fast , upbeat songs most , so hoped it would have a nice mix . Having spent a couple days almost non-stop listening to it , I can now say it does not disappoint at ALL ! Not only does he have a very unique and powerful voice , Clay definitely shows he can do pop too ! I am constantly amazed by the people that seem determined to put down this talented and wonderful young man , whether it 's because he does not fit the music industries determination of what a singer should be , or merely because he has come to rise to fame from appearing on a TV show.A quick rundown of the songs :1 . Invisible - Great start to the CD , a nice cover of this song and apparently will be the first single off the CD . The background vocals work nicely here .2 . I Will Carry You - I did not care as much for this ballad the first time I heard it on GMA , but it kind of grows on you . Definitely shows his excellent range .3 . The Way - One of my favorite songs on the CD . A great pop ballad .4 . When You Say You Love Me - Has an interesting country feel to it , but one of my favorites too , faster than most of the songs on the CD . Great to sing along with .5 . No More Sad Songs - Another slow ballad , I did n't care for this one much . If I skip any song on the CD it 's this one . Just a little too cliche and nothing interesting about the song .6 . Run to Me - Of the ballads on the CD , this is probably my favorite . Really shows his power .7 . Shine - Another typical ballad . It 's okay , but I would have liked something better here .8 . I Survived You - A more poignant ballad . He pulls it off nicely , I like this one a lot .9 . This is the Night - A great song , his first single from the show , but I tend to skip it as I want to hear the new songs for now ! 10 . Perfect Day - A little more `` edge '' to this ballad . I like this one a lot .11 . Measure of a Man - The title track has a bit of a religious feel to it , which is fine with me . I like it a lot , it 's a very sweet song and it seems to be a bit of an anthem for him , as he insisted on it being the album title .12 . Touch - Ends the album with a more rock beat , an upbeat , dance song . Nice.Overall , not many songs I really do n't like , although I certainly have my favorites . A great first album , ca n't wait for the next !
 It is such a welcome to be able to purchase a CD that not only is such a pleasure to listen to , but am able to understand EVERY word of each song . I do not buy many CD 's today , as most of the music is just loud , unintelligible noises that all sound the same . This CD is such a `` breath of fresh air '' and also `` no sex '' , but is still such a hit .
 There are not enough words to describe how great this album is.Clay has just proven that you do not need a title to be successful . My girls and I listen to it everyday and enjoy every song on it . I listen in the car on the way to work , I listen to it all day at work , on the way home from work and never get tired of hearing Clay 's voice . Why buy one CD when you can buy three and keep them at every location and that is exactly what I did . Now all we need is the music videos to watch along with these songs . CLAY IS NUMBER # 1 IN OUR HOME . Class act person .
 I do n't think critics are prepared to acknowledge the appeal of Clay Aiken 's voice , delivery , persona , story , staying power , and sheer charisma . I 'm a 31-year old fan with an eclectic taste in music -LRB- Shakira , Snoop , Dixie Chicks , Enrique , Alicia Keyes , George Michael , David Gray , Dave Matthews , Tanya Tucker , Madonna , Aretha , Indigo Girls , Eminem , Putumayo , etc. -RRB- who has been smitten with the rise of Clay Aiken as never before . I am rarely impressed with entertainment types , but this person and this phenomenon are different.The popular support for Clay Aiken can only be likened to the unexpected -LRB- and sometimes controversial -RRB- rise of Elvis Presley a generation ago . No one in my time has inspired such excitement , loyalty , and simple joy in music -LRB- except perhaps Dave Matthews , although that group 's demographic seems to be largely college-age serial concertgoers and Grateful Dead converts -- not that there 's anything wrong with that -RRB- . The Clay Aiken phenomenon is not about a small group of people fervently embracing a `` new '' musical genre -LRB- folk trance , for example -RRB- . It 's about a major chunk of the population agreeing on the like-ability , in every way , of a fantastically charismatic singer -LRB- of course , Aiken has spawned a cottage industry around and among his most ardent fans , as well -RRB- . Aiken 's first album , Invisible , delivers exactly what it promises
 How can AMAZON let those tone-deaf people review such a magnificant CD and say such unkind things . Every song on this CD is well-written and sung flawlessly . Clay is much better than alot of the so called `` stars '' of today . Cudos to the writers as well . This album gets better and better each time you play it . To be an idol , people have to aspire to be you . Clay is not only a great singer but an all-around super guy , personable , intelligent and caring . That in my book is an American Idol . You go Clay ! . Anything you sing , I will buy .
 After receiving Measure of a Man in the mail all I can say is it was worth the wait and I am looking forward for Clay 's next CD . I enjoy every song , although some it took a little bit getting used to . I grew to love Run to Me , Invisible is one of my favorites and will always love This is the Night . My only complaint is I would like to hear more songs like Invisible , it has such an uplifting tempo and it 's a great feel good song . I listen to this CD every day . It 's nice to hear lyrics that have no profanity or other garbage included in them . Clay deserves all the success in the world because of what he stands for and for the kind of person he is , that is probably some of the reasons why some people knock him , but that 's o.k. who cares what they think . He has so much going him and I hope to see and hear more from Clay in the future .
 There are several persons out there complaining about the song choices that Clay Aiken made for Measure of a Man . The truth of the matter is that he had very little input , if any at all . The song choices are made by others whose job is to evaluate and determine what songs are more marketable and likely to succeed . So give the man a chance . He has to play game in order to get his foot in the door . Guess what ? That is the business world .
 Clay is simply amazing ! His powerful , crystal clear voice is shown on all cuts ; I have never listened to a CD where I have liked every single track on it . My favorite song keeps changing daily . This CD is every bit worth the money to buy it and more . No wonder it sold double platinum .
 I love this Cd ... Clay has such a beautiful voice ... Finally , some music that can be shared without the worry of inappropriate language ... I am anxiously waiting for his next Cd ... Would recommend this Cd to anyone that loves beautiful music , who has loved , or has lost at love or is in love ... This Cd just makes you feel good ...
 Hm , where do I start ? Might I mention first that I 've been a Clay supporter since his `` always and forever '' audition . * MEMORIES !! * Okay , back to the CD `` measure of a man . '' For most of my life I 've never been into pop music , and being a teenager that 's what the majority of us listen to . I normally stray away from that sort of music and go to other genres . I was never the sort to enjoy sappy love songs.Then Clay happened . Forget his looks , his personality , his aura . Focus on his voice . The range , the tone quality . The purity . It is representative of everything that is beautiful . The epitome of gooooooorgeousness!Measure of a man brought out emotions that I never knew I had . It 's soothing to listen to , fun to sing to , and especially make up dances with my best friend , Caitlin . It also contradicts what some people believed . That all his songs sound the same . No names mentioned -LRB- simon cowell -RRB- . Congrats Clay-I 'm not surprised that this CD is phenomenal , but it is , and I could n't be more proud of you . You deserve every moment of glory!xoxo Much love , Melissap.s . you guys are lucky this review is n't as long as i intended it to be . i can go on for hours and hours about this guy !
 I have to wonder , with some of the negative reviews I 've seen , whether those who posted them actually bought and listened to the CD , or if they come in here simply to try and trash the reviews . To those who did , I ask you this , if you have a fave artist , how would you feel if we did the same ? I truly loved this CD , it touched me in a way that I ca n't even describe . TO CLAY
 THE BEST POP MALE SINGER TODAY ! GREAT VOICE ON THE CD !
 No hype here ... yes , I have been a Clay fan from the beginning -LRB- * well from the show where he came in third before the wildcard show -- did n't really remember him from Glendale -RRB- . So the automatic bias that you 'll probably read into this is that it 'll just be yet another `` 5-star '' review from a `` Claymate . `` Well , I 've come to the conclusion that there is really nothing wrong with that -LRB- If I could , I would give it 5 + + + ! -RRB- I 'm proud to be counted among `` everyday folks '' who have found an incredible singer with an enormous talent that just happens to be a fantastic role model as well.There will undoubtedly be negative reviews from folks who will never like Clay or what he stands for . And there will also be fair , objective reviews with legitimate perspectives from those that do n't care for the music -LRB- as opposed to just not liking Clay -RRB- . That 's great ... we should all be grateful that , as Americans , we can all have our own points of view . Let 's get beyond putting down other reviewers for their own beliefs or tastes . There are singers and types of music for all.But at the same time , let 's celebrate what this CD represents . An absolutely monumental debut from an incredible talent . Clay , there are millions who hope you will have a long and successful career . If double platinum in 1 week is any indication , we KNOW you will go nowhere but up from here!Finally , from a more personal take of MOAM , of course as a fan , I nervously listened to the tracks on the night of the launch party since I was n't one of the fans who had downloaded any `` preview '' snippets . Nervous because I wanted to love everything.Well , I am among the folks -LRB- and there seem to be many -RRB- who was n't sure the first time around -LRB- yup , still nervous at that point ! -RRB- . But after listening to it almost non-stop since that first day , I will join the throngs who can honestly say that there is not one song I do n't like . Every single song I find myself wanting to hit `` repeat . '' My top three today are `` The Way , '' `` Measure of a Man , '' and `` No More Sad Songs . '' But that changes on a minute-by-minute basis!I can understand critics who do not believe or want a `` vanilla revolution '' to the music industry -LRB- there are huge $ $ at stake here ! -RRB- . But you ca n't argue with the voices -LRB- or the wallets -RRB- of the masses ; we yearn for and deserve this type of music on the airwaves as well.If you 're a Claymate , be proud of that ... and if you 're not , that 's fine too . Just realize that we have our own reasons for loving this CD and understand that you have reasons you do n't . If you 're still on the fence ... get this CD ! Hopefully , you 'll be happy you did ! : -RRB-
 It 's hard to believe that a debut album could be this terrific ! This is the first time I 've listened to a CD and have no desire to skip a single track . I love every one of them and each day I have a new favorite . At first my favorite was ` No More Sad Song ' -LRB- his voice just sounds so rich on that song -RRB- then it was ` Perfect Day ' -LRB- another wonderful showcase for his beautiful voice -RRB- then it was ` Touch ' -LRB- one of the most poetic and sensual songs I 've ever heard ; if you use your imagination while you listen to that song , you will drive yourself crazy -RRB- and today my favorite is ` The Way ' -LRB- I think this could become a Number 1 song for weeks , maybe months ! -RRB- . The title track is really growing on me , too . Clay Aiken is , simply , PERFECTION ! -LRB- My apologies to Neil Sedaka for stealing his description of Clay Aiken . -RRB-
 This cd is truly awesome ! -LRB- one note
 Though I know Clay can do better than these songs -LRB- See
 I have listened to this cd over and over and find something new every time I listen to it . Some songs have a very pop feel others an inspirational feel and others have an eighties sound to them . You might have to turn the sound up but Mr. Aiken 's warmth shines through .
 WOW THIS CD IS AMAZING ! I WOULD BUY 700 OF THEM BECAUSE THEY 'RE SO GOOD ! I LOVE CLAY AIKEN ! THIS CD BLEW ME AWAY ! WOW , WHAT A VOICE !
 This CD definitely secures Clay a place in the music industry . He has strong vocals , that would make you think he 's been in the music business MUCH longer than American Idol has been on TV . Clay is a singer who has a future , keep watching , he is already good , and will likely get better .
 I 'm sure Clay tried really hard to make this cd . To the person that said everyone who likes it should get aids , thats just uncalled for and very immature .
 I 'll admit that Clay Aiken can sing . There 's no doubt about that . But the question on everyone 's mind -LRB- as was on Simon Cowell 's during the second season of American Idol
 Love this album . Did n't give it a full 5 stars only because the songs are a little weak - However , they grow on you and Clay 's voice is wonderful . So nice to hear an artist who does not need technology to make him sound better . Must say , I like all of the songs , which is unusual for any album no matter how good the artist . Have not stopped playing the album and ca n't wait to see him get some really good material to show what he can do . My favorite is The Way .
 I love his voice . Clay always takes me there . I love every song and I ca n't wait for his next album .
 Wow , I am extremely impressed !!! Clay Aiken 's voice is just amazing . I adore the songs `` Invisible '' and `` No More Sad Songs '' . I want Clay to put out a Christmas CD and a Christian CD next . I am buying a ton of these for gifts - go Clay !!!
 I knew Clay 's debut CD would be good , but I really did n't expect it to be this good . I 've been playing it almost non-stop since I bought it and I 'm playing some of the tracks over and over . I can hear the Beatles in `` Shine '' and `` Perfect Day '' . I love the sarcasm in `` I Survived You '' , Clay does sarcasm very well ! Yes , perhaps `` Invisible '' is a litte eerie , but Clay carries this off without sounding weird . I 'm even very impressed with the backup vocals . Clay does 1001 different things with his voice on Measure of a Man . For those who only heard Clay on American Idol you are in for a huge surprise . Bravo to Clive Davis for choosing these songs for him . I 'm also interested in researching the writers of these songs and listening to their other efforts . I know some of them have been involved in other hits . Based on his debut I would pre-order every CD Clay will ever make . It 's THAT good .
 This is a great pop CD . I was n't sure if Clay could pull it off , but he did ... with flying colors . This is n't the type of music I usually listen to -LRB- I listen to Godsmack , Perfect Circle , etc. -RRB- but there is something about Clay 's voice that I am drawn to . He has a beautiful and strong voice . It 's a good change of pace . I highly recommend this album .
 I have been listening to this CD since October 14th and am still addicted to each and every song . Clay 's voice shines and never ceases to amaze me ! As someone who enjoys many styles of music from hip hop , pop , easy listening to rap , this is my all time favorite CD . I ca n't wait for his next CD and his concert in Chicago !!
 Nothing else has been in my cd player since Oct 14 , its that good ! I look forward to my drive to and from work so I can listen to it . Clay 's voice is so smooth its like BUTTER ! All of the songs are great , just try and keep yourself from singing along . Finally some music that is worth listening to , and this is his debut album ! I am so looking forward to anything else this man releases .
 Clay Aiken 's voice and his songs are excellent in this CD and anyone who 's tired of the typical , `` pop '' will enjoy this album . Everyone who 's heard this album from my younger cousin to my elderly grandmother enjoyed this album and agrees that Clay has talent and sounds excellent . If you 're into something unique and looking for something special - this is for you !
 If you have one doubt about buying this album , throw it right out the window along with the stereotypical image of `` pop star '' . From the look of him , you may not think a guy such as Clay could ever make it in the music world but this album has everything from strength to depth ; power and emotion . Its a FABULOUS showcase of his vocal ability and completely encompases you into his lyrics and voice . This is definitely a new revelation on the pop scence and will be here for a long time to come . What do you got to lose ? Buy this album . Expierence Clay Aiken .
 I have listened to many artists over the years which has made me a pretty tough critic when it comes to music . However , this CD exceeded my expectations . It is refreshing to clearly hear all of the words on every song and to have each one sung beautifully . The songs invisible , they way , measure of a man , when you say you love me , this is the night and shine are all outstanding.Clay 's voice is one of the best that I have ever heard and it makes even the 2nd tier songs on the CD very enjoyable.The closest thing to a criticism that I have is that the produced versions of Clay 's songs are not as good as his live performances , but that is the case for all truly great performers .
 Gosh , ca n't believe how many times I have played this CD over the past few weeks . And the strangest thing , although a lot of the songs deal with angst and rejection and unrequited love , they are also inspirational and hopeful . They are sung with emotion and the overall feeling is one of knowing things will get better , the rain WILL stop . The funniest thing , the other day I got out of the car -LRB- after listening to the whole tape -RRB- and three or four people smiled and said `` Hi '' to me . I caught my image in a window and realized I was walking down the street grinning like an idiot . Do yourself a favor , skip the expensive theraphy - BUY this album . It is excellent .
 Clay Aiken 's Measure of a Man is extraordinary . It has a little bit of everything in it . When I first heard Invisible , it sounded a bit stalkeresque to me . But the music & lyrics really makes you want to sing along . ` When You Say You Love Me ' sounds country to me , as well as other songs . A lot of his songs are about getting over someone , so I get them mixed up often . The beat of ` No More Sad Songs ' is really good , it sounds pretty different from the rest of the album . I already got tired of ` This is the Night ' , although it brought back a lot of American Idol memories . ` Measure of a Man ' is extremely well-written , and I love to sing along to it ! ` Touch ' is the flip-side of the album . It 's a bit seductive , but the music is amazing . Overall , it 's a really good CD if you like Clay Aiken .
 This album rocks , but would 've been even better had they turned down the instruments and let Clay 's voice come through more . You can still hear him , but they dull his voice with all the background music and tones . His voice is so perfect , yet the studio is acting like they need to cover it up with background noise . Whoever did the sound quality needs to go back to school . Furthermore , the songs are great , but i bet they sound a lot better live !
 This is an amazing debut CD from the runner-up to American Idol , however , everyone I know considers him the real winner , due to sales and based on pure talent alone . Clay blasts out twelve wonderful songs on this CD . His strong , powerful voice echos and fills the CD with a depth unmatched by anyone out there today . Listen to the title track Measure of Man for one of the most amaznig songs , which is bound to be a hit and of course the catchy Invisible , Clay 's first single off this CD . Clay picks up the tempo with Touch which showcases his range to keep the music flowing and differ from his ballad format . Btw , if you like Clay , you 'll love England 's equal to Clay , Will Young , who 's CD From Now On is just as breathtaking !
 I did n't like the CD first hearing . Listening the second and third times around I like it much better , however , having said that , Clay 's fabulous voice does not come through like on his single CD . He has a wonderful voice and it is n't utilized on this CD . I 'm not sorry I bought it ... but . He 's better than this .
 I just loved the whole CD . Have not found one song on there that I would hit the skip button for . Clay 's voice is magnificent no matter what he sings . Right now my favorite is Measure Of A Man but every time I listen I find another one that I love .
 It is so refreshing to hear emotional romantic songs sung by a young man with such a beautiful voice ! The album is family friendly and has appeal for the neglected group in society that does n't enjoy songs with explicit sex or dirty words . Clay 's voice is fantastic on every song and the more that I listen to the album the better I like it .
 I have to agree with other reviews that the songs sound the same when you first listen but Clay delivers all of them so well that the more you listen to this album the more it grows on you . I LOVE it ! `` Measure of a Man '' is especially a great song . I love all of the songs and have been listening to the album all the time since I bought it.Clay 's voice makes your heart melt .
 This album is packed full of superb songs . The Way is my favorite followed closely by The Touch . Then , Shine is also great ! Aiken has a way of getting any of the songs on this album to play over and over in my head , when the CD is not playing . His voice is very appealing whether he is singing a ballad or an upbeat song . Get this album -- you will fall in love with his voice .
 After waiting patiently for Clay 's premier CD I was fairly please with the results although I was not fond of the recording sound itself . I think a better job could have been done to bring out that fabulous voice . Plus , they could have mixed it up a bit . All of them had the same basic theme.Out of the 12 tracks , I liked 9 of the songs . Not crazy about I Survived You , Perfect Day or Touch . My favorite ones are Invisable , I will Carry You and No More Sad Songs besides This is the Night.I really think that he sings better live -LRB- and that 's a talent in itself -RRB- but I think this CD is pretty good . I was hoping that they would have included Solitaire . Hopefully , he will do that in a furture CD . All in all , I would recomend it .
 This CD is just what I thought it would be ... and more !! A good , clean , and wholesome CD with music and lyrics I can listen to and share with my teenaged -LRB- and younger -RRB- children . I do n't have to worry about bad messages and bad language . Clay has outdone himself AGAIN !!! I 'm so thankful that he stayed true to himself . His voice is amazing and this CD really shows off his range !!! I only wish `` Solitaire '' was included , but that will be on his NEXT CD !!! GO BUY THIS CD !!
 What a wonderful CD . I am in my 30 's and have heard a lot of singers , but Clay truly is unique and is definitely a superstar . I am not really into pop music , but this CD has something for everyone . There were some songs I did n't care for at first , but the more I listened the more l became to love all the songs . I am not sure what people mean when they say that the CD does n't showcase Clay 's true voice . I think this CD is Clay . The true Clay . If you were an AI Clay fan , this CD wont disappoint you .
 I have n't even heard the CD but I would love to break off a piece of that Clay Aiken . Mmm mmm mmm .
 Clay 's voice is pure , HEAVENLY . Whether lilting or strong , the power and the control with which he uses his gift makes this CD seem inevitable , with the songs well chosen to suit his amazing range and emotional depth . Each listen brings out new layers . As much as I 'm addicted to singing along , I hold my breath when he sings certain lines -- MOAM
 My god people , especially cranky reviewer , I have seen Clay bashing but this has sunk to an all time low . I REALLY REALLY doubt that if you 're going to trash Clay 's CD this much you actually went out and spent money on it . Seriously guys , is this what you do with your time ? What is the point ? I loved the CD , gave it five stars and am so proud of Clay and what he 's done but it 's really disappointing that those who do n't like Clay feel the need to do this . It 's something a five year old would do and it 's very pathetic . Good job on the CD Clay .
 FOR EVERY CLAY AIKEN FAN OR SUPPORTER THIS INCREDIABLE TALENT ANDVOICE AND SPECTACULAR CD AND HIS WONDERFUL ` THIS IS THE NIGHT ` SINGLE AND HE HIMSELF HAS BEEN SNUBBED BY THE GRAMMYS . IT ISINCONCEIVEABLE TO ME THAT A RECORDING ARTIST THAT HAS HAD THESECOND BEST SELLING SINGLE IN THE HISTORY OF MUSIC AND THE SECONDBIGGEST SELLING CD FOR A NEW ARTIST IN THE HISTORY OF MUSIC FORFIRST WEEK SALES , NOT TO MENTION THE AMERICAN MUSIC AWARD FOR THEFANS CHOICE AWARD COULD NOT BE NOMINATED FOR ANYTHING ! BUT HERE IS KICKER , RUBEN STUDDARD 'S `` SUPERSTAR '' HAS BEEN NOMINATED FORBEST R&B SONG ? WE CA N'T CHANGE THE GRAMMYS BUT WE DO HAVE SOMEPOWER , BOYCOTT THE GRAMMYS !!!! LET THEM KNOW HOW UNHAPPY WE ARETHE E-MAIL FOR THE LOS ANGELES GRAMMY CHAPTER IS `` LOSANGELES@GRAMMY.COM . YOU CAN ALSO CONTACT GRAMMY CHAPTERSIN YOUR AREA , TYPE GRAMMY IN SEARCH ENGINE AND GO TO BOTTOM OFPAGE TO SEE WHERE GRAMMY CHAPTERS ARE LOCATED . THERE ARE MILLIONSOF CLAY FANS AND SUPPORTERS OUT THERE , LETS BE HEARD . YOU CAN ALSO CONTACT THE SPONCORS OF THE GRAMMYS . THE GRAMMMY PEOPLE COULD CARE LESS IF WE ARE UPSET , BUT THERE SPONCERS MIGHT , BECAUSE THAT IS HOW THEY HOPE TO SELL PRODUCT . ALSO GET ALOAD OFTHE PEOPLE AND SONGS THAT ARE NOMINATED !!! DECENT MUSIC BY APHENOMINAL SINGER IS NOT WHAT THEY WANT OR TO PROMOTE . IF NO ONEPROTESTS OR ACTS IT JUST SAYS WE DO N'T CARE , AND ONCE AGAIN A VERY LARGE GROUP OF MUSIC BUYERS THAT CAN BE WRITTEN OFF ASUNIMPORTANT . TELL YOUR FRIENDS AND OTHER CLAY FANS YOU KNOW SPREAD THE WORD . WE ARE MAD AS HELL AND WE ARE N'T GON NA TAKE ITANYMORE !!!!
 I watched American Idol with the rest of the country and from the beginning , was blown away by Clay 's unique and pure voice . My husband gave me this CD for Christmas and I could n't wait to listen to it ... The album is slick and all of the songs are good , but it does n't feel or sound like the Clay I saw on AI . I ca n't help but feel that whoever produced and engineered this album -- and whoever selected the songs -- does n't quite `` get '' Clay and does n't know how to market him , and in trying to fit him into a niche , has obliterated what was special about him . Clay sings all of the songs very well , but none of them seem to showcase that spectacular voice . Furthermore , the arrangements are bland and overproduced , though I would n't consider that Clay 's fault . In fact , on some of the tracks , it 's hard to hear his voice at all over the drums and guitars . After listening to the album , I was left feeling puzzled ; why bother to release an album that does n't capitalize on the talents of the singer?CONCLUSION
 As before I love this CD by Mr. Aiken !!! The performance on the Billboard Awards was not great but the understanding is that he was sick -LRB- Flu -RRB- and he performed so as not to disappoint the fans . Mr. Aiken should remember to take time for himself . It will take more than one performance to make me change my mind that Mr. Aiken is the `` One '' I will continue to listen to and purchase his music . I wish the nasty comments would stop -- do not make generic comments about fans you know nothing about . Mr. Aiken could sing `` The Way '' , `` Touch '' or `` When you say you love me '' anytime - anywhere and I would be singing right along ... that is a good artist . The reviews continue bringing up the `` Beatles '' who everyone hated when they were going to make a revolution ... `` Elvis '' who everyone hated because he was different , so on and so forth . Do not compare artist . They are all unique and talented in many different ways for many different fans . Good Luck Mr. Aiken in your future endeavors ... I for one will out here waiting for any music with the name `` Clay Aiken '' as the artist ... THANK YOU !!!
 Love his singing or hate his singing , he is on his way to the top and there is no stopping him .
 I agree fully with the music fan from Winston Salem . I too am older -LRB- over 40 -RRB- and past the cookie cutter Pop sound and a die hard Clay fan ! Clay has such a beautiful , touching voice . While these songs may appeal to the `` teeny boppers '' pop needs , it truly does n't do his voice full justice . I too bought this CD the first day it was released as I could n't wait to hear more from Clay . My first gut reaction was that he had been rushed into a recording studio and told to record these hurriedly written songs for a `` quick pop album '' . Clay can put so much emotion and feeling into a song that these picks just do n't do his talent the full justice it deserves . I feel like he 's forced to hold back his emotions a bit as these songs do n't let him really cut loose and expand his voice and emotions like he is capable of . There are several catchy tunes that after playing this CD several times I am starting to sing in my head after the fact . But I hope that Clay 's next album really allows him to show off his full capabilites ! This songwriting does n't lend to a truly memorable song here for him aside from `` This is the Night '' . I remember Neil Sedaka saying that he wanted to produce his first album and I think that he would have better tapped into Clays `` sound '' had he done just that . This just sounds like someone trying to make Clay sound like an `` In Sync '' lead singer . I truly do love Clay 's voice and for a first album it IS a fantastic effort on his part considering the songs he was given . No matter what ... I love hearing his voice . I just hope that he is given the chance to let his full talent shine on the next one . We do n't necessarily need another American `` In Sync '' Idol ... An American Idol can sing various music aside from POP . Like Josh Groban would be lost on these tunes . . I feel that Clay hold similiar phenominal talent and needs a broader base of songs as opposed to these cookie cutter one . Clay 's voice lends himself to other types of music aside from just a certain Pop sound . Just as Reuben 's voice lends his more to R&B . I truly do believe that this album is just a spring board for him though and that we will all say we remember him when ... He is definitely going places !
 These recordings deeply affected me - even more so than the works of the Johnny Mathis .
 I can actually say that I like every song on this album . Each song pulls you in and with Clay 's voice you feel like you are there with him as he sings it . I hope this is the first of many cd 's to come from Clay .
 This is by far one of the best CD 's I own . I usually am not crazy about a few of the songs on a CD . This CD every song is wonderful . Clay Aiken has really grown as an aritst and I can not wait for the next ablum .
 I am a huge clay aiken fan ! I bought 3 cds I absolutely love it ! clay rocks the songs are beautiful and inspirational i recommend it for everyone lyrics suitable for all ages ! totally awesome go buy it now !
 the reason there is so many used and new avaliable copies is because these people got them from local radio stations , tv shows , insiders , etc for free ... and they are selling it to make a quick buck ... the album is great ... i havnt heard such a well put together album in my life . . excellent . . a must buy
 Well , here is Clay in all his glory . My wife and I , in our early 30 's , fresh off , embarrassingly enough , Joe Millionaire , invested emotionally in Clay as our ` candidate ' from the beginning of the second season ; cheering his ascent and reacting in righteous indignation at the final tabulation and fix by FOX . The record sales of the first single , and likely , this album will be the ultimate arbiter of the proper Idol . Clay 's Buddy Holly-like geek to chic transformation before our eyes was secondary to his vocal talents and his earnest goodness , practiced or genuine . When Clay was singing , one could n't help but smile at the kooky fun he appeared to be having as well as the way he belted them out or softened them up . Clay 's demographics were all over the place during the show , he appealed to such a wide strata of viewers , including rabid Claymates , that it all but guaranteed an hungry , waiting audience for his bourgeoning recording career . Prior to seeing the final song list for the CD , I had hoped that they would have given us a full length version of Mac the Knife or I Ca n't Help Myself which were my favorites from the show . However , the songs here are a strong selection and highlight Clay 's range . The mature adult contemporary flavor is more soothing than rocking and will give his teen fans something different to digest . This is the Night is present , as is the recently released single Invisible . The presentation is very polished and slick but Clay 's personality does break through even on some of the fun , twangy , country-ish numbers . Not a bad start for Clay , here 's to many more .
 Measure Of A Man is very good ! My particular favorites are Invisible and Solitaire . Wish Clay would record a nw one also . Fans will love this . Comes witha great color fold out poster of Clay !
 I wish he was still recording . Loved every song on this album . I hope he will one day put out another album .
 It 's Clay Aiken ... of course it 's going to be good ! I ended up importing the songs onto my iTunes . Same thing , and much cheaper . Fast delivery . Good job
 I Love this CD . This is the second one I have bought because I played the first one so much I wore it out!You will love every song on it .
 I happen to love Measure of a Man by Clay Aiken ! His voice is just so pure and just a pleasure to listen to!All the songs have a meaning to them that anyone listening could find something to fit their lives!I listen to this cd daily , that is why I have to have multible copies !
 If you watched the second season of American Idol , . you already know just how talented CLay is . This cd seriously reinforces his talent , proving he has an awesome voice . Every song on this cd is between `` good '' and `` sensational , '' with my favorite songs
 Honestly , I bought this CD due to its review from Billboard praising it for being the BEST cd for the year even before sampling the cuts . When I purchased this cd , I was dissapointed & ready to return it ! However , I continued to study the lyrics , vocals , writers , & producers . Each day I grew to appreciate all the cuts more & more . I see each writer 's style - using Clay 's purist & powerful vocals as a vehicle to express their artistry . I have to agree with Billboard that this is a fantastic POP album and not SOUL ! Listen , to The Way -LRB- Enrique Iglesias -RRB- smooth-grove cut , MOAM & Touch -LRB- Cathy Dennis -RRB- 2 strong single cuts , When You Say . . -LRB- Rick Knowles producer for Belinda Carlisle -RRB- , No More Sad Songs , -LRB- very Elton Johnish -RRB- with the piano intro , I Will Carry You -LRB- strong powerful ballad -RRB- ; you 'll find that more singles are to come out of this package . Kudos for Clay for surrounding himself with excellent writers & producers for his first project ; and to prove me wrong ! With an award & fawless perfomance on the AMA ... it is refreshing to see true talent being acknowledge ; and not someone over produced or a studio prodigy that our music industry is pushing out there like Britney , Justin , JLO , & Hilary that ca n't SING - take away the microphone you 'll see no vocal abilities , power or range -LRB- this is the reason why most of them are not given ballads to sing -RRB- . What you 'll see is a gimmick ! Clay will drown out all these no-talents without a mic singing acapella - that was proven last night with Ruben 's duet . He was able to hold that looooong note ! I 'm glad that he is getting all this glory . Go out and purchase this - you will be glad you did !
 Clay Aiken has what it takes to be known as having THE BEST VOICE IN THE BUSINESS . Every song on this album is great . A first class performance from a first class person . Some people may say that the songs are boring and sound the same . Music does not have to be fast in order to dance to it . I prefer to slow dance to great romantic music . When the part of a song nears where Clay lets his voice soar I turn my stereo way up and just take it in . `` 5 MILLION by CHRISTMAS '' !
 When I first heard this album with my headphones I went straight to `` This is the Night '' then `` Measure of a Man '' . I love both of them . I played them a couple of times at a level I do n't think alot of people would prefer . But it sounds outstanding with the music INIDE your head . I then played the rest of the album and was not surprised to hear that ALL of the performances were just as great . I 'm telling you , Clay Aiken knows just when to deliver the knockout punch in any song he sings . I believe his vocal strength matches up with former Journey lead singer Steve Perry . I can hear Clay singing the songs , `` Still They Ride '' , `` Lights '' or `` Too Late '' . The man definately knows his craft . It 's no wonder his album is already `` DOUBLE PLATINUM '' .
 Clay Aiken 's Measure of a Man is one of the best CD 's I have listened to in a LONG time !! I really enjoy all the songs , not just one or two of them . I highly recommend this CD to anyone ! My six year old daughter really enjoys the songs on this wonderful CD !!! Yall go and buy your copy today !!! It 's Wonderful !!!!!!
 He really shows off his voice in this cd ! But that 's just his regular voice ! It 's WAY worth buying ! He 's voice is amazing ! You even get a little poster of him if you buy the cd ! I love you , Clay !!!
 I 've been a Clay fan since early American Idol and have been anxious to get this album . I love it , but it does seem over-produced and drowns out his terrific voice more than half the time . I 'm hoping that his next album lets his voice shine like it should , and that he sings some songs we 've heard before !! Covers are O.K. !!! I ca n't believe `` Do n't let the Sun Go Down on Me '' was n't included . Clay sings that song better than Elton John OR George Michael ! How long do we have to wait for the next album ???
 Catchy tunes , ballads , this CD has it all . Beautiful job for a new artist . I enjoy a variety of artists including hip hop , rock , blues , pop and oldies . This is a great addition to my collection of CDs .
 First of all , I was a huge fan of Clay 's from day one . So maybe that makes my cd review slightly biased . So do n't listen to me then.Yet maybe that makes my review even better . Clay is real . His voice is phenomenal , a sound you never want to leave your mind.This first full album he has released is just that . It is all Clay . It 's real , phenomenal , and contains sounds you never want to leave your mind .
 CLAY IS THE BEST I 'VE HEARD IN YEARS . I just love his voice . It 's clear and he sings soooooooo well . Love his album . I 'm sooooooooo happy he sold over 600,000 in a week . Wish him the best in the future . I excited for him to do another album in the future . His voice is the best .
 Best C.D. I 've ever owned . My faith in music has been restored .
 If there were 10 stars listed , I would have give this album 10 stars . I loved Clay from almost day one . I was cheering for either Clay or Josh Gracin to win American Idol . When Josh left , I went to my next favorite . Of course Clay did n't win AI , but he has done amazing things since then . This album totally rocks ! I love it . I recommend buying this album . In my heart , Clay is the AMERICAN IDOL -LRB- even if he did n't win the title -RRB- .
 This is overall a great cd . The only problem is that some of the songs have lyrics that are not good at all . I survived you , and Touch have pretty unclever lyrics and are not very good at all . But songs like Invisable and perfect day i love . Shine is also one of my favorites . But other than those few its alright . I really like Clay but why did the writers try to put so much of an edge on him ? He is not really like that at all .
 Okay , I only searched through 100 reviews to see if anyone mentioned No More Sad Songs , and very few did . So , let me say that it is by far the best song on the album and frankly , worth the price of the entire album . Of course , I like the other songs , too , but I 'm shocked more people have n't said glowing things about No More Sad Songs . Then again , I do n't typically like the pop music of the last 2 decades -- I probably ca n't name one song on the Top 40 . So , my tastes are probably unusual.I was hoping Clay would do some covers like during AI . His versions of To Love Someboday , Sugar Pie Honey Bunch , and Here There and Everywhere were absolutely amazing . Clay 's AI performances were the only performances by anyone that have ever reminded me of Elvis -LRB- though he does n't dance much like him
 At last someone who acts as he lives & lives openly as a child of God & knows who holds the key to eternal life . This c.d. , although at times a little over produced is quality music with an effort made evident that Clay cared & everyone else who was involved did too.There are few musical beings out in the world today that give up a joint that last a lifetime ... this joint may well be the one ... Thank God for American Idol & Clive Davis and most of all Clay 's talent . I want more ... a.s.a.p. !
 Clay 's CD is great . Not quite what I expected , but I love it!Clay 's a natural ... his voice is still incredible .
 I LOVE this CD ! It 's like a breath of fresh air . The tunes are catchy and Clay sings great in it ! There is n't a song on it that I do n't like . I recommended it very highly ! Enjoy !
 I have been following Clay from the beginning and when I heard his song Invisible at the concert I could not waite for the CD to come out . Well it is finally here and I love it . He could sing the Gold Fish song and I would still love it . I think he has that Frank Sinatra make your heart melt voice . The writers need to get moving and write him some really great songs . If you like Clay you will LOVE this CD .
 Do n't take offense at the title , Clay Aiken called himself that in his first audition for American Idol . That was also when I first noticed his amazing voice.His debut album is full of catchy pop tunes . My favorite tracks are `` the Way '' -LRB- lovely ballad -RRB- and `` Measure of a Man '' . My main quibble with the CD are the preponderance of ` love ' songs . I realize that Aiken has quite a female following , but I like to hear songs about other subjects . After a while , the lyrics begin to sound the same . I 'm a melody freak though , so I do n't place as much emphasis on lyrical content . How many ways can one sing `` baby '' ? It 's a good first effort and I look forward to more variety from Aiken in the future . His beautiful voice deserves only the best .
 I have waited with eager anticipation for the arrival of Clay 's first CD . I wish that Neil Sedaka 's `` Solitaire '' had been included on the song list . There are , however , several songs which I absolutely love . `` Invisible '' is destined to be the true pop hit , while `` I Will Carry You '' , `` Measure of a Man '' and `` Run to Me '' are also great.Why is Clay so popular right now ? Well , with all that is going on in the world today - horrific wars , genocide , people killed and maimed by landmines , the rapid decline of the environment , unethical behavior amidst present day role models , corporations and politicians , AIDS killing unthinkable numbers of human beings in Africa , young children starving to death in third world countries or being denied access to life-saving drugs , homelessness on the rise , greed which continues to cause the proliferation of wars around the world , the moral decay of our youth caused by drugs , violence and pornography , etc. etc. etc. . Does it not make sense that people are desperately searching for simplicity , sanity and a role model for whom their children can finally look up to ?
 As I waited for Clay 's first album to be released , I began to heighten my expectations higher and higher to the point that I thought there was no possible way that the album would be as good as I hoped it would be . But , amazingly , Clay 's album is more than I could ever have hoped for . It is rock , pop , and a little country all mixed together for a great Clay-like sound . Clay has millions and millions of devoted fans , and this album is going straight to number one . I think that I would buy the whole album just for one song , `` measure of a man '' , because it is so good . But , all of the other songs create an ensemble , making an incredible , amazing album .
 Clay has such a beautiful voice and this album does a good job of showcasing it . The songs are catchy and surprisingly varied . I was expecting all ballads or a more Broadway sound -LRB- not that this would be bad ! -RRB- , but there are several uptempo songs , a song with Latin flare , and one that sounds a bit country to me , as well as a number of just great radio-friendly hits . One of the few albums I can listen to all the way through . I can also understand the lyrics and am not offended by them when I do , which is a rare thing these days . Fantastic !
 1 . Invisible : I really like the studio version of this song now . The ending is great , I liked how they mixed that all up . It really sounds neat . I still envision the clutch during the second verse teeheeFave lyric
 Leaps and bounds better than no-talent Donald Duck Barrino who released a FLOP all-squeaks CD !
 I am writing about the runner-up from Season 2 's American Idol , Clay Aiken 's album `` Measure Of A Man . '' This is a fun and catchy album with songs for just about anyone !! -LRB- Also see Kelly Clarkson -RRB- . The cd starts up with `` Invisible '' and moves to `` The Way '' and even to the titled track `` Measure Of A Man ! '' This album is for anyone who loved Clay -LRB- and Kelly of course -RRB- . This is a cd in my collection for sure along with Kelly Clarkson `` Thankful '' and Kimberley Locke `` One Love . '' A must for any music collector !! Watch out Ruben , Clay 's coming to get you !! HaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHa !
 This CD is the ultimate CD !! It 's one of the MANY FEW CD 's I do n't have to turn down when a song comes on . It 's very clean and the songs have the best singer in the world ! Clay 's voice on this CD is amazing it sends chills down my spine and goosebumps on my arms ! This is a great CD . The words really speak to you and it 's a very emotion-tugging CD . I love it !! You too Clay : -RRB-
 Whoever does n't like this CD is CRAZY !!!!!!! IF you are a Clay fan you will really love this CD . All the songs are different and they all show off that awesome voice we have all grown to love . Just listening to this makes me look forward to his next one , I know with his amazing voice we wo n't be dissappointed .
 Clay has worked yet another wonder in his new world of fame . His new CD , `` Measure of a Man '' is beautifully recorded , and shows his amazing vocal range to various types of songs.You deserve platinum on this one , Clay . You 've surely done it again .
 Clay Aiken is going places noone has been in a long , long time . What a talent ! What a voice ! What a role model to today 's youth ... . thanks Clay !
 Clay has done an amazing recording with real feelings without all the sex and violence that is so prevalent in this music industry . Outstanding music and lyrics which are able to be understood and felt in the heart.Hoping he wins an American Music Award . He has a fantastic voice and I love the C.D. All the recordings are my favorite ! Good Luck Clay , You will always have me as a listener !!
 I may be an `` old pop star fan '' at 36 , but this album fills me with such happiness . Finally , something fun to move to , to sing to , that is not full of swearing , sexual content , and sung pure from the heart . Clay has a voice that melts you , moves you , and the choices in his songs , you can feel the `` words `` I think there is nothing but the STARS for Clay , and we will see him having better and better albums , and a long , long career.Truly a classy man , who will stick to his convictions . Is n't this the type of `` pop star '' we WANT our kids to model after ?
 i love clay 's first cd and totally recommends it . he has such a beautiful voice . people do n't like him because he is clean , and does n't sing about sex , drugs , or cursing . i love him and he will always be a big star ...
 When I heard a while back that Clay 's title for his CD was `` Measure of a Man , '' it just fit like a glove and I was dissapointed when it was changed to be self-titled . How happy I was to see it go back to the original . The songs they chose and the ones Clay chose are all excellent , although I would liked to have heard `` Solitaire '' in a full version . I know my jaw was agape after that performance and it was supposed to be on here , but ... maybe next time . Do n't listen to the critics that dismiss this CD , they did the same to Michael Jackson 's Thriller and we all know what happened with that record . I have a feeling Clay 's is going to break some major records , not just for a debut , but all around . As for the preponderance of love songs , hello people , most every song ever written is about love in some form or another for crying out loud . As much as I love to listen to Clay sing , I love just as much to watch and listen to him talk . I love his soft southern accent and how he annunciates and pronunciates his words . He should definately do an audio CD for an author . And I 'm really proud of him for sticking to his guns for some song choices and the title . Clive Davis doens ' t always know what the hell he 's talking about . Anyone remember O-town ? Yeah . Listen to Clayton , Clive . He knows his fans and he knows what we want and what we like . I ca n't wait for Clay 's next CD and for his concert this coming year . At least this time I wo n't have to suffer through Charles Grigsby and Julie D'mato to get to hear Clay live . LOVE YA BABY , KNOCK 'EM DEAD CLAY !!!!!!!!
 I am a big fan of Clay and once again I say the producers of American Idol made a big mistake ... Clays single was great but this is 100 times better ... defientley one of the best CD 's of 2003 ! Every Track is great . . My Fav 's
 The is the first CD that I have bought since Celine , that I will not skip even one song . They are all fantastic and Clay as expected blows you away with his beautiful and powerful voice . Thank you Clay !
 I love this album ! During the AI2 season I was a Clay fan , so some people may not agree with me . I love his voice , and for people who did n't like looking at him on the show , when you listen to a cd you ca n't see him . His voice is the most amazing voice I have heard . `` This is the Night '' is still his best song , but songs like `` Measure of a Man '' and `` No More Sad Songs '' come close . You may not like it as first , but if you listen to it more it will grow on you . I reccomend this to anyone who has tastes for music !
 Well , well . The UGLY Jennifer rears her head AGAIN ! What a moron you are Jennifer ! If you do n't like Clay 's music , that is fine . But do n't come here and bash him ! There are MILLIONS of Clay fans out there who have been waiting for someone who can REALLY sing . Clay has more talent than anyone -LRB- except Celine -RRB- out there right now . So , why do n't you go back to your sand-box Jennifer , because obviously you must be a minor child as your personal attacks on Clay and his fans are incredibly juvenile and immature ! It is obvious that you have an agenda to bash Clay and your hate is not welcome here . I doubt you have even listened to Clays cd . And even if you had , you probably are not intelligent enough to know an excellent voice when you hear it . So leave it be . Let the Clay fans enjoy the tremendous talent of this young man . STOP BEING SO HATEFUL JENNIFER MARTINEZ , IN BUENA PARK ! Remember , what goes around comes around . I 'm sure your mom would not be proud of your behavior on this website ! Grow up and stop being so rude to the many fans of Clay who respect and appreciate his talent . Whether you like it or not Clay has the # 1 album in the country . Obviously , by the amount of those sales NO ONE cares what you say . So shut your mouth . And to all the other Clay fans out there ... . I am sorry and embarrassed that Jennifer Martinez is from the great state of California . She does not reflect the views of Californians . There are many Californians who think Clay is the best singer ever . We also think Jennifer Martinez is JUST PLAIN STUPID ! Thanks for listening .
 This CD is really great . I enjoy listening to every single song every day . Clay 's single was great and his album is even better . Keep up the good work Clay !!!
 This is the best album I 've heard . Most albums unless it 's all # 1 hits have at least maybe 3 or 4 that is really worth listening . Every song in this album is just fabulous . I love the album . 5 stars from me . And this is just the beginning of the Aiken Revolution . There are more to come .
 This gentle man measures huge in record sales and love from his fans . He hits it out of the ballpark so to speak on each song on this album . I especially like the beat of Perfect Day . Love Invisible !! Love I Will Carry You !! Jeepers , I guess I just love the whole album . Highly recomend it to all .
 I would expect no less than great singing , and Clay does n't disappoint . His voice is just gorgeous . His singing , delivery and the CD 's production are all terrific.My one complaint has more to do with music today than with Clay
 Having watched Clay from the first night of American Idol and rooting for him all the way , I 've been waiting for this album to come out for quite some time , and I was not disappointed with it , although there are a few reservations.The songs in and of themselves are quite good -LRB- particularly delightful are `` Invisible '' and `` No More Sad Songs '' -RRB- and I deeply respect Clay for fighting for the musical vision that he had for himself in regards to lyrics and style . However , at sometimes I think he is a bit pidgeonholed , with the sound of the songs and the subject themes . This is not to say that each song is not done wonderfully , I just think there could be a bit more variation . At times I felt as though he was not truly letting himself go , opting for the `` safer '' versions . '' And it 's a sheer travesty that Solitaire -LRB- one of the songs done by Clay on American Idol -RRB- is not on the album , mainly for the reason listed above.The general consensus , if you are a fan of Clay 's from American Idol , you will like the album . If you 're not a fan of his or do n't like `` pop '' tied with a more Barry Manilow sound , this album is probably not for you . I think a more lasting test will come from a sophmore album and it 's content .
 This stunning CD captures emotion , beauty , pain , and triumph . None of the tracks were wasted , although some seemed to immediately stand out . `` Invisible '' is powerfully sung . `` I Will Carry You '' is my personal favorite , almost bringing tears to my eyes . Clay 's beautiful voice is really portrayed well in it . `` I Survived You '' was sung passionately , and `` Perfect Day '' was interesting with a certain ` twang ' ; very upbeat . Overall , a thrilling success , sure to please all but the most derogatory listeners . A truely inspirational piece of work , filled with inspiration . Thanks , Clay !
 Finally the American Idol 2 after-race is over . Clay has made it to the finish . So , what does his new album has to give his fans ? Good music , good vocals , but no overal direction . Sometimes a listener may be wondering if this is just a vocal exercise , to show range and vocal abilities of Clay . In the words of Simon -- `` So what ? '' . Neverthelss , I went out and bought the album and do n't regret it . I am sure that you will neither .
 I 've been looking forward to hearing this album for months . I love it ! Clay sounds wonderful . Shine , Perfect Day , and Measure of a Man are probably the most well-written and well developed as far as production and writing on the album , but some of the ` lighter ' pop material like Run to Me and Touch are incredibly sensual and full of yearning just the same . I could hear Run to Me on a movie soundtrack . There are a few specific production moments that are lame-that seem to be ` riffing ' just to try to fit in more with what 's out there and it does n't quite work , but it only happens on Invisible and Touch . Overall , I really , really LOVE this album and I think harder rock , alternative music listeners would too . Several of the songs appeal to an alternative audience-people just have to get past the fact that Clay did n't write them himself , but he sure does sing the hell out of them . I 'm thrilled that RCA found a balance between American Idol Clay and Recording Artist Clay . LOVE IT !
 I stopped in the store to pick up Clay 's new CD on my home from work . I immediately played it in the car as I drove home and was amazed . As a big fan of the show , I knew Clay 's voice was powerful . Being used to hearing him sing other people 's songs , I was skeptical of how he would fair with tracks of his own . I have to say I am pleasantly surprised with his songs , lyrics , and ofcourse , his moving voice . What makes this CD so great is not only Clay 's fantastic range , but the depth and passion he puts into the words within each song . As seen in interviews , Clay is honest , humble , and sensitive . All of these emotions and characteristics can be heard in his songs . `` Measure of a Man '' may be , in fact , the newest , greatest ballad . `` Invinsible '' is funky and upbeat and perfect for a lift . Seeing Clay in concert this summer I was able to hear a live version of the song and I must say , the CD captures his pure voice perfectly . I highly reccomend this CD . Not because I was a fan of American Idol , but because Clay deserves nods in his own right . He is a gifted singer and deserves all the success this album may bring ! Good Luck Clay !
 I think this album is perfect for Clay and the AC market . If you are into hot beats and dance songs , do n't buy the cd , you 'll hate it.It 's full of midtempo 's and ballads which Clay sings his butt off on.The standout song is definately Run To Me . It 's a perfect pop ballad , with stunning vocals . Perfect second single material.I recommend this album to anyone who loves listening to AC radio , cuz that is what this is .
 Very good cd . I love clay 's voice . Invisable is my favorite song and will probaly be the one that is a hit . I have bought every cd that has come out to do with american idol . Kelly will still continue to be my favorite .
 O.K. , maybe I am getting old ! I was always a rock and roll girl . Give me the Stones or Zeppelin over Manilow or Diamond any day , any way !! But this kid rocks !! I was a Reuben fan at first American Idol glance , but Clay won me over with his song selection , poise and incredible voice . This album would have been better with a stronger producing team , but hey ! good first effort . Rock on , Clay !!
 Clay is sooooooooooooo delicious . Everytime I listen to this masterpiece I like it even more ! For the first time in my life I have been brought to tears by a VOICE .
 This CD is simply amazing . The album showcases Clay 's phenomenal voice with soaring background vocals , yet pushes him into the world of pop and away from the Broadway sound that he became known for on AI . I loved the sound that Clay had on AI , but this new sound from him is intoxicating ! And addictive - I ca n't stop listening!Remarkably , there is n't a single song on this album that I would skip . I have never owned a CD before where there was n't at least one song that I did n't care for . There are about 5 songs on the album that qualify as my `` favorite '' . I just ca n't make a decision between them . Those songs include The Way , I Survived You , Shine , Measure of a Man , and Touch . Each of these songs are delivered with intense emotion , and a couple of them are pure longing and sensuality ! You decide which ones ... Billboard Magazine has declared Measure of a Man the BEST pop album in 2003 . I would venture to say it 's the best pop album since Michael Jackson 's Thriller . Every song on there could be a hit if given a chance on radio . Buy this album - you wo n't regret it !
 Nobody has come even remotely close to my all time idol ... Tina Turner . Her physical beauty , her wonderful personality , her amazing voice , the awesome lyrics in her songs ... and I could go on and on.But Clay Aiken is giving her a run for her money in all those areas !! His CD is ` Simply The Best ' I 've heard in a very long time.I have listened to it over and over trying to determine which one of the songs is my favourite . But I ca n't narrow it down ... I LOVE all of them.I now have to go out and buy another copy for my car so that I can listen to it while driving as well.The CD is : C. ... Captivating ! L. ... Lively ! A. ... Awesome ! Y. ... Yummy !
 This is the kind of album made for listening , dreaming , and sometimes singing along . From the Latin beat `` Touch '' to the romantic ballad `` The Way '' , Clay demonstrates that he can sing it all . His voice soars , he connects with the lyrics . This is one very beautiful album !
 I enjoyed this cd , but was a little disappointed in some of the songs . I love Clay and his voice is amazing . He truly is an American Idol . Support this new , young , and wonderful artist by buying his music .
 I was so pleased with Clay 's new CD ! I love every song on it and you know you ca n't say that about alot of CD 's these days.His voice is one of a kind and he sounds fantastic . My 3 year old granddaughter even asks to hear his CD when we go somewhere in the car and she sings along with `` This is the Night '' . A musician who has a fan range from 3 to 50 really has something going for them . Congratulations to RCA for knowing a good thing and giving the public what they want ! Congratulations also to Clay for a job well done !!
 I think I figured out possibly why Clay is popular with those of us in our 40 's . I have listened to his new CD and must say I was taken back in time . `` I Will Carry You '' reminds me of Phil Collins , `` Perfect Day '' of Paul McCartney and Beetles . Some of the songs give me this far away `` longing '' type feeling sort of like listening to Kansas , REO or even Peter Cetera and Chicago . His song `` Touch '' has a Latin almost Santana beat ! Did I love this CD ? Yes ! It is one of my favorites that I now own . Thank You Clay and RCA .
 This CD is a fantastic mix of ballads that show off Clay Aiken 's powerful voice and some fun , up-tempo pop songs . The tracks run the gamut from the sexy `` Touch '' to the beautiful title song `` Measure of a Man '' . I 've watched people who I know were n't Clay fans start getting into this CD and actually admit that there 's a whole lot more to Clay than they originally thought . Great lyrics , great voice - give it a try , you wo n't be sorry !
 I 've actually only listened to one song `` Invisible '' That 's like the best thing he 's ever sang since the entire American Idol season , I do n't know about the other songs , but hey , just my opinion , MUST buy this CD if you 'd like to hear a good song , remember people , Invisible .
 When I first heard the CD I was surprised because it was not what I expected . As I listened to the songs I realized it was great stuff -- a different style of music that shows he can do anything . As I read the other reviews I 'm surprised at how many people , like me , were searching for music whose lyrics could be understood and which had meaning . For too long Pop Music has been filled with profanity and violence . As for `` teenie boppers '' and `` Grannies '' -- Clay 's fan numbers speak for themselves -- We have the power now . Go Clay !!!!!!!!
 I LOVE this album ! I love sappy love songs and it has great ones on here . I 'm very pleased w / how Clay 's voice sounds.My favorite songs are
 Five stars for Clay , three for RCA.Clay 's debut album has the same problem as his single -- it 's overproduced , and he is overpackaged . He sounds too boy-band-pop-star-ish to me -LRB- more nasal-y head voice than full-throated and chesty like he sounds on his demos -RRB- . On the other hand , the song choices are good for him and go well together . There is integrity in the album itself , and I think he has a right to be proud of it . Overall , though , I think he 's more of a live-in-person performer than a studio performer . He gets energy from his audiences , and his singing is a gift to them.Hopefully Clay will find a way to integrate his love for both music and teaching . The next Mr. Rogers ? I 'd gladly enroll in the School of Clay .
 Bravo Clay !!!! Loved it , ca n't wait for your next one . Your voice is a breath of fresh air and such easy listening .
 I have waited patiently for this first CD from Clay Aiken and now that I have it - I am extremely pleased . The more I listen to it , the more I love it . My favourite songs change daily but at the moment they are - I Survived You ; No More Sad Songs ; Invisible and I Will Carry You.Well done Clay .
 I have been looking forward to this CD for a while and now that I have it , I am certainly not disappointed . I find that the more I listen to the songs , the more I love them.My favourites are No More Sad Songs ; Invisible ; I Survived You and I Will Carry You.Buy this CD - it is worth every penny .
 I loved Clay during American Idol and got to love him more each day since the very first day he sang for America 's ears . The songs on this CD are so perfect , I was not disappointed with a single song . His voice is so pure , so deep ... I feel emotion with every note he sings . His songs are pure of heart just like the him . Finally songs that do not insinuate sex or profanity . Thank you Clay Aiken for bringing back what has been missing in music for decades .
 This CD is all about the ballad and the VOICE . If you enjoy Bryan Adams , Celine Dion , Phil Collins or Peter Cetera give this one a try . It is reminicent in sound to the 80 's pop ballads of Chicago . It is n't often that I find a CD that I can listen from begining to end without skipping any of the songs but this is one which surprised me . Every song is worth a listen and has survived repeat plays in my CD player .
 Someone wrote that track 12 should be Clay 's next single . Well I COMPLETELY agree . I was thinking the exact same thing . Well , before I start , I must say that I love Clay and that his voice is worth the money that i spent on the disc . I was only a little disappointed with the C.D. I wish Clay would have co-written a few of the songs . A song about living in Raliegh or a song about his biological dad or a song about the American Idol experience would have been great . I think the producers played it safe and just went along with power ballads . I 'll comment on the songs I liked .1 . Invisible . I think this song as opposed to the others displays more of Clay 's personality . I think growing up with the way he used to look he felt invisible .2 . I Will Carry You . This song reminded me of a Jon Secada song . You know , the only hit he had .5 . No More Sad Songs . This song had an Elton John feel to it . I think the title of this song is a complete cliche and over used . I think I would hate it if Clay was n't the singer .7 . Shine . The tempo of this song reminded me of Train 's Drops of Jupiter . As I said above , I do n't think I would like it if Clay did n't sing it .10 . This song has a John Mayer feel to it . It 's one of the better songs on the album and should be released as a single .12 . Touch . yes , the `` edgier '' Clay . What I found particularly funny about this song is the fact that I do n't think Clay has touched a woman . Maybe it 's a spiritual metaphor for `` touching '' the soul . It should be released as his next single ; it 's more pop than the rest of his songs.I will not comment on the rest of the songs because they all sound like each other and convey the same meaning.I hope his next album , he takes control of the writing . He seems articulate enough to write lyrics and I 'm sure they would be less glossy and cliched as some of the lyrics on this c.d. Nevertheless , Clay 's charm and appeal and the fact that I love him makes the album worth listening to .
 I am not a pop genre lover . In fact I ca n't handle most pop stars out there today . I 'm from the school of Rock and Blues but there is something about this guy that is so infectious its impossible not to love this cd . Like most AI watchers , either serious or because nothing else was on , that voice grabed you and pulled you in and made it imposible to leave . Thats what this cd is about , Clay Aiken 's voice . I fell in love early on in Clays rise to the top with This is the Night and was very much anticipating this debut cd from Clay and he does n't disappoint in using his voice . Whether he subdues it , lets it soar , plays with it , puts a little guts in it or just plain sings with the melody it is the pure Clay Aiken voice . You almost do n't notice the typical pop instramentation of these songs . With a very welcome introduction of the guitar -LRB- in pop ? gasp ! -RRB- the Song Touch is a big surprise and probably the best in this cd to satisfy any hardened Rock fan . There is not really a bad song on this cd and that is not because there is any genius writing or mixing or instramentation , its because it is pure Clay Aiken . Very good Mr. Aiken , congrats
 There are three things I want to say.First of all , Clay has an amazing voice and even in the songs where i 'm not crazy about the lyrics , I do n't skip them because just listening to his voice is great.Secondly , I 've read a lot of reviews and people have points ... it could be better . But it is n't Clay 's fault . In several of the less flattering reviews I 've read , the writer says that the songs are bad , there 's too much this and not enough that , but in all the reviews I 've read , Clay is always complimented on his amazing voice , and the record producers and writers are the ones taking the brunt of the criticism . Clay deserves the praise . I 'm sorry to see his album being reviewed so bad by some people , but he is amazing ... his beliefs adn convictions are so admirable in my book . I never listened to pop cause I do n't like the racy lyrics and all the swear words , but Clay I can listen to and not feel ashamed to sing along ... I have his songs stuck in my head all day and I do n't want to get them out . He 's amazing , even if not everyone thinks his album is as good as it could be.Finally , I just want to say that I will follow Clay to the end of his career , which ** knock on wood ** I hope will be a LONG time from now . He is amazing and I think that if he is well supported and his album goes platinum and # 1 -LRB- which it should -RRB- , the record industry might get the message that not everyone loves the sexual , violent , inappropriate words and things could change in the record industry.Good job clay ! It 's great !
 Measure of a man is a great album . It is easy to listen to and you can actually understand the words and sing along . There is a little bit of everything in this album . `` Touch '' has a latin flavor and is fun to dance too , `` When you say you love me '' is country-pop . `` The Way '' and `` Measure of a Man '' are beautiful ballads that show off Clays amazing voice . The other songs are pop with a little edge . When I buy an album , I usually skip through half the songs ; I do n't with this album .
 Finally we have an album where music is not only pleasing to hear but we can understand the words -LRB- with no profanity ! -RRB- A talent like Clay 's does n't come often ... the songs have different sounds - one song is somewhat country - some are ballads , some just rock.I find myself singing and/or dancing along with the music .
 I was amazed with this album . There is not a song I dislike . I especially like `` The Way '' and `` I Survived You : . I 'm not a music critic , but this young man 's voice is so pure and sweet to listen to . From the little I 've seen and heard of him , those qualities must go deeper than the voice . I rate it a 5 .
 CLAY AIKENS NEW CD IS WONDERFUL BETTER THAN I HAD EXPECITED HIS VOICE LIFT 'S MY SPIRIT 'S UP I AM A DIE HEART ELVIS FAN JUST WATING FOR SOME ONE TO LIKE AS MUCH I THINK I HAVE FOUND HIM
 I just bought my first cd in years.Its The Clay Aiken MOAM.Ive been trying to pick A favorite and its impossible.When I listen to one , I say thats the best , then when the next track has ended I say oh man that has to be the next single.I am glad im not the one that makes the decisions on the next single.I can hear and reconize the words , I can sing along , I get a good feeling.I feel no need to run from the police or to go slap anyone , to shake my booty , nor to start cussing , so maybe im out of the loop to feel good about what ive heard.I must be so uncool , because i actually feel good and think maybe the world will all get better.I could not say it the way I feel but if i had a month to say it just right I could do a better job.Thank You Clay for making the sun shine brighter today .
 A marvelous mixture for young and old by a young man with a beautiful voice .
 Measure Of A Man is an extraordinary first time CD !!!!!! Clay Aiken has kept his self respect in tact for this entire project , being true to his self , his family , his god , and his music !!!! Listening to each song is an experience and it just keeps getting better and better with each time !!!!!! The Way and Measure of a Man are my favorites , but I do truly enjoy them all.If you have n't gotten this CD , please go out and get it . It is well worth the $ $ and your heart will sing !!!!
 I was a huge fan of Mr Aiken 's during American Idol but the over produced single had me doubting whether or not I would enjoy the full length CD . I am pleasantly surprised because Clay sounds like ... Clay . But he also sounds like a genuine pop star and puts his magnificant voice to good work here . The Way is sensual and beautiful . Perfect Day is uplifting , and Measure of a Man sums up Clay to a tee . A great freshman effort here and I cant wait for the next .
 It ` worth the wait . This is the first album I bought in 5 years . He has such a wonderful voice .
 I love this CD . Clay proved anyone who thought he was strictly broadway completely wrong . He can sing with the best of them . This CD has something that everyone will enjoy -- including his trademark This is The Night . The cover song of this album is especially moving -- destined to be a hit forever played . Congratulations , Clay , you gave us a great album well worth the wait !
 After reading some of the reviews listed , I am shocked by how many strong emotions this guy can evoke in all of us . I LOOVVEE his CD , although I 'm still not quite sure why . Some of the songs are corny , with trite lyrics and an overproduced sound . But somehow his voice makes it sound wonderful !! I will say that I prefer his voice live rather than recorded , but I would recommend this album to anyone .
 Different people has different taste in music , so this Clay Aiken 's CD is not for everyone . Those that like rap , hip-hop or hard rock will not find his songs interesting , but for those of you that like soft rock , sappy love songs , catchy tunes and clean lyrics , this is a MUST OWN CD , I personally love it.I have listened to it for 2 weeks now and every time I found another favorite song . It 's a rare album that I like every songs on it . By no means it 's ground breaking material , but the music is very relaxing and soothing . It makes me feel good listening to it and I can sing along with it . Is n't this the measure of a great album ? Well done , Clay Aiken and RCA !
 I usually have one or two songs that I skip on each cd . I love all of the songs on this cd . What else can I say ? His voice is so pure . I reccommend this cd to people of all ages .
 Let me start off with this note ... BUY this CD . If you want to hear the voice that millions fell in love with on AI2 , than this is the CD ... this is the CD for any REAL music lover . Someone finally stepped up to the plate and produced a CD that did n't follow the rest of the so called `` POP STARS . '' This CD made its own category of pop . It does n't fit into that sex , drug , killing ... category so many pop stars have entered . This CD is the real deal soley based on a man 's voice instead of his looks . This shows the music industry that people in the world are looking for more than just looks in a singer and critic hype . Billboard critics said that this kid 's CD is like `` THRILLER . '' The largest compliment from the largest music industry in the world . For any critic that dislikes this CD , that just shows that they are upset because the people in the world have finally got to judge a CD instead of listening to the music critics hype . Clay has paved the way for new pop stars and he WILL be around for a very long time with that voice . Demographics are all over the charts ... young , old , men , woman ... nothing else to say about this CD but WOW !!!!! A true musician with true talent finally shows up in our culture of music and I for one with many millions that would agree am extremely happy for what Clay has done to the music business . # 1 on the charts for 2 weeks with platinum sales approaching very fast . GREAT JOB CLAY and RCA RECORDS
 This cd is absolutely fantastic ! I was curious as to what direction they would go with the songs and the producers did a wonderful job . Some of the songs are similar but SO WHAT ?!?! They are still great . I have read the less than stellar review posted here -LRB- less than 3 star which anyone with any music taste would take with a grain of salt because even the artists I REALLY do n't like dont ' rarely rate any lower than a 3 -RRB- and I 'm amazed at some of them . They gripe about the songs being the same yet I read the same review over and over . At least get your information correct if you 're going to bash an amazing singer . One review from October 24th states he/she spoke to a DJ and was told several reasons why Clay would n't make it . One reason was `` the video is getting very little airplay on MTV and VH-1 '' . Well you moron , could that possibly be BECAUSE THE VIDEO HAS N'T EVEN BEEN RELEASED YET ? I know a lot of people who are not `` Claymates '' who really enjoy this cd . So please take your juvenile attempts to bring down the ratings on a cd somewhere else .
 I KNEW THIS CD WOULD BE A HIT . EVERY SONG IS SO BEAUTIFUL . I 'M GLAD THEY DID N'T CHANGE HIM TO SING MORE UPBEAT SONGS LIKE KELLY 'S . IF YOU LIKE CLAY AIKEN DO N'T MISS OUT ON THIS CD . EVERY SONG HAS MEANING AND THAT 'S WHY I ENJOY LISTENING TO IT . NOT ONLY DOES CLAY HAVE A VOICE LIKE AN ANGEL BUT A HEART OF GOLD . HE 'S A CARING , LOVING , WONDERFUL MAN . I LOVE YOU CLAY ! IN MY OPINION YOU ARE THE # 1 AMERICAN IDOL . I LOOK FORWARD TO YOUR FUTURE CD 'S . I KNOW YOU WILL GO FAR
 If you have read the criticisms , do n't let them sway you against giving this cd a fair chance . I was very interested in hearing this cd until I read some bad reviews about it , with many claiming that `` This Is the Night '' was the best track on this cd . After reading such opinions and having been disappointed by almost every cd I have anticipated over the past year or two , I was no longer excited over this cd . BIG mistake ! I quickly began to realize that this cd is probably among the best I 've heard this year -LRB- with Kelly Clarkson 's being another , though I do agree that she should have sounded less like Christina Aguilera and more like herself -RRB- , with songs like `` Run To Me '' and `` Measure of a Man '' being much more worthy of release status than `` Invisible '' and rivaling `` This Is the Night '' for the title of `` best song on the cd '' . To disagree strongly with the first Amazon reviewer who is probably in an older age bracket than I am -LRB- I 'm in my early 20 's and , therefore , extremely familiar with pop music -RRB- , this cd is NOT young pop . I would be willing to bet that 16-yr olds WOULD N'T care for this cd much . Instead , it 's fairly obvious to me that Clay is going to have much more Adult Contemporary success than other artists around his age . The guy IS in his mid-twenties , so I think expecting Neil Sedaka is asking too much of him . This is almost exactly what I would expect from Clay , and I think it suits him well -LRB- and by that , I mean I 'm glad he did n't try to be something he 's not by actually going the 20-something pop route -RRB- . This cd is very mid-tempo and somewhat slow , very little like most of the music that is popular today , and Clay 's voice sounds excellent ! I think it 's great that there are scarcely any uptempo songs on this cd because it further illustrates how far from the pop/mainstream pack Clay strays as an artist .
 IT IS SUCH A JOY TO BUY AN ALBUM AND FIND THAT IT IS SOMETHING THAT I AM HAPPY TO LET ANY ONE LISTEN TO REGUARDLESS OF AGE . TOO MANY ARE MAKING THE MUSIC OF TODAY , A TOTAL EMBARRASSEMENT TO ME AND MOST DECENT PEOPLE OF THIS COUNTRY . IT IS ASHAMED THAT THE JOY OF TURNING ON A RADIO AND HEARING WONDERFUL MUSIC , NO LONGER EXIST ! NOTHING BUT TRASHY NASTY LYRICS BLASTING FROM THE CARS STOPPED AT RED LIGHTS . CHILDREN ARE IN OUR CARS AND HEAR THIS MESS . I AM SO THANKFUL THAT THIS IS A WONDERFUL WONDERFUL ALBUM FILLED WITH BEAUTIFUL CLEAN MUSIC . I PLAN TO BUY 2 MORE FOR MY NIECES FOR CHRISTMAS . CLAY AIKEN HAS BROUGHT MUSIC BACK TO MY HOUSE AND AMERICA . I CAN NOT WAIT FOR THIS YOUNG MAN TO MAKE ANOTHER ALUBUM IF HIS MUSIC IS AS BEAUTIFUL AND WONDERFUL AS THE SONGS ON THIS ONE .
 I anxiously awaited this CD and bought it the morning it came out . I have listened to it every day since , over and over , and LOVE it more each time I hear it . I love every song on the CD.I had to purchase a second copy so I could always have one in my car . I also purchased one for my sister and another sister of mine , who is also a huge CLAY fan , bought one.There is no question in my mind that Clay should have won American Idol !!! The first time I saw him on the show was when he sang an Elton John song and my jaw -LRB- literally -RRB- dropped !! What an amazing voice.I sincerely hope he continues to pursue his music career because if he does n't we , his fans , will surely have lost out . I say this because we know his love is in teaching special needs children and he may decide that the scarifices he has to make in music may not be worth it . I certainly hope not.There is absolutely nobody out there today than comes even remotely close to his talent.To those of you who gave this CD only one star , I certainly acknowledge that there are different tastes for different people , however , some of your comments are downright ` nasty ' . And there really is no need for that.Clay 's first week record sales are telling the ` true ' story of his talent . Just check out billboard.com
 Clay Aiken has an amazing God given gift ! All of his songs are well done and decent songs . They have nice lyrics that in no way would offend anyone . As a mother with small children , I would recommend this to everyone ! Clay 's phenomenal voice is one I could listen to every day , and have ever since getting the CD last Thursday ! He has amazing range and diversity ! Do yourself a favor and buy this one !
 This CD is excellent ! I love every song - especially `` The Way '' , `` Measure of a Man '' , and `` Shine '' . For those who truly appreciate a clear and powerful singing voice , you 'll love this CD ! This is the first CD I have purchased in a very long time and I 'm really glad I did ! I ca n't wait to hear him in concert when he comes to Texas in March ! I 'd recommend this CD to anyone !
 I bought ten copies of his CD and gave them to all my friends . It 's nice to have heroes . American Idol gave us the support to feel okay about not being perfect or the most beautiful . They gave us the confidence just to be ourselves . We get all that in Clay Aiken . I liked his CD overall it makes me feel good and loved his video . I try to see him all of his appearances , and am happy for all his wonderful awards . Life must be moving pretty fast for him ca n't wait to see what 's next . I was VERY disappointed when the date for his new single was pushed back . I will stay a fan ! This is a historical music moment a must have Cd .
 album based on the close to 3000 reviews on here and now they 've just disappeared . What a shame that the only one you left up is the one I disagree with the most , the Amazon one . What album was this guy listening to ? Certainly not this one . I love this album , love the songs on it , and love the voice . This has become my favorite album that I have in my collection and believe me I have a bunch ranging from new age , rap , rock and roll , classical to pop.Clay Aiken 's voice is a gift . It lifts my spirit and I can once again appreciate a truly God given talent . He has n't been vocally trained and I like it that way and hope that no one tries to change it -LRB- maybe some tips to help him from straining it or something -RRB- but I love the naturalness and pureness of his voice.Good job , Clay . Ca n't wait for your next one .
 i REALLY ENJOY CLAIKEN . HIS VOICE IS COMFORTING AND EASY TO LISTEN TO . THE MORE I HEAR IT , THE MORE I LOVE IT . HE IS MY ELVIS .
 WHAT A POWERFUL VOICE !! A NICE GUY WHO CAN SING . . HOW GREAT IS THAT ? YOU WONT FIND ANY OFFENDING TALK OR FOUL WORDS IN ANY OF CLAY AIKENS CD 'S . HE IS ABOVE ALL OF THAT.YOU SEE ... HE CAN SING !!!! HE CAN REALLY SING . HOW COOL IS THAT ? THIS CD > > MEASURE OF A MAN < < IS THE BEST OF 2003 . . AND CLAY IS # 1 . I WOULD LOVE TO SEE SHOWS COME BACK LIKE ANDY WILLIAMS WITH MUSICAL GUEST.MAYBE SOMEONE WILL REALIZE ITS NEEDED AND DO IT.I 'M TIRED OF ALL THE SITCOMS ... JUST THINK ABOUT THIS > > THE CLAY AIKEN SHOW < <
 After watching the AMA 's I purchased this album . My dtr was an American Idol fan and suggested I would like this kind of music . I usually listen to talk shows and albums from singers I know from years ago . The last dozen years I have n't been able to get into pop music . This IS a very nice album , I like all the tracks very much and have listened to it many times . I find the songs full of emotion and angst - the tunes are catchy and I sing along with them in the car -LRB- alone -RRB- . The Way is my favorite , followed by Measure of a Man . I predict this young man will have a long and successful career . I wish him well and look forward to more albums . If you liked the music of Manilow and Sedaka and Andy Williams and Pat Boone -LRB- that 's as far back as I care to admit I can go -RRB- this is your guy . He 's a keeper .
 To be completely honest I had to listen to Clay 's CD twice before I fell in love with it . I liked only 2 songs in the beginning -- but the more I listened the more I loved all the songs . I believe that track # 8 should have been released as Clay 's single instead of # 1 . Simon had no clue how to market this fantastic gentle singer and I truly believe the voting was `` fixed '' on AI . How else could Reuben 's mother have voted 200 + times in 180 minutes ?? IF that was legit and Reuben won -- those of us that tried desperately to vote for Clay should have easily been able to make it thru several times . I do n't know about you but all I got for my 50 times of trying was a busy signal !! I think Clay 's career will prove he is definitely an idol -- I 'm looking forward to his next CD .
 Clay Aiken 's talent is a thing of beauty . He makes your heart smile .
 Measure of a Man is a wonderful CD with songs that I like more and more every time I listen to it . I was n't sure I was going to like the `` edgier sound '' on these songs . But they are all wonderful . Not only is the music great to listen to but the message in each song just reaches out and grabs me . Its great to have good clean lyrics to listen to and enjoy . And , of course , Clay 's voice is gorgeous as always . I look forward to Clay 's next album . He is an amazing artist , and we have needed his type of music on the music scene for way too long .
 I absolutely love this CD . What is so amazing about it is you can understand what he is singing and not be afraid to say the words with him.Most of todays music is so badly filled with sexual inuendos and foul language you have to watch your surroundings if you even try to sing along.You go Clay !! Hope you stay around for another one .
 This is a great CD -- a nice mix of songs , sung by a guy with a great voice . Ca n't go wrong with this one !
 Clay 's voice is flawless . I absolutely love his CD and I know Clay is here to stay ! I ca n't wait for his next CD to come out . Anyone who purchases this CD will not be disappointed . I have purchased several for my friends who are also Clay fans . It 's just so nice to have a wonderful young artist come along that is so fresh and humble and you can understand every word he sings . He 's wonderful !
 The more I listen to Clay 's new CD the better I like it . He has a beautiful voice and I could listen to it all day . You can understand the words as he sings them which is not the case for alot of other singers . I hope he continues to sing and make more CDs but most of all I hope he finishes his education .
 The first time I listened to the CD , I thought the background music was much too loud and drowned out the pure sound of Clay 's voice . However , on the second , third and subsequent listenings , I began to hear him loud and clear.I think that Clay Aiken should have won the competition , but no matter , he is by far the best new vocalist out there . I think that RCA tried to stick to a POP agenda , and I think that Clay would be so awesome singing some `` oldie 's but goodies '' . He is best when he can hold his notes and croon . I hope that his next album gives him the opportunity to do just that.Buy the album , it is awesome and is a `` look '' into the future of Clay Aiken . He has just begun .
 I do n't understand why people are so upset with the album . Seriously ... think about it . If Clay did n't want to sing any of these songs , he probably would have had some say in the matter . And also ... just because they 're not the classic pop we 're used to hearing from him , does n't mean that his gorgeous voice still does n't totally `` steal the show '' ... everything I 've ever heard Clay sing has been amazing , and this CD is too .
 I bought this thinking that this would be pretty boring and filled with slow ballads . That was not the case at all . My favorite song on this cd is Perfect Day . It 's very reminicent of the Beatles -LRB- my mom owns all of their albums -RRB- . This one has a slight rock edge and is very cool . Clay gets really into this song . This song should definitely be the next single . My second favorite song was Touch . It 's a song that 's very sexy without being raunchy and it has a great beat . When You Say You Love Me is my next favorite . It 's very catchy and upbeat . If you do n't find yourself dancing to it , something must be wrong with you . No More Sad Songs is my fourth favorite . It has a definite edge to it . Clay Aiken rocks out with sort of a raw edge to his voice . I Survived You , my fifth favorite , is a very well written song with memorable lyrics . Try not relating to it ! Clay gets a little bit of a snarky attitude in this . The Way is a great midtempo ballad that has the potential to become a great love song . Measure of a Man is a song that has a good message , but the beginning instrumentation reminds me a little of a Celine Dion song . Still , he really belts this song out of the park on this one . I Will Carry You is a sweet little song . I would be skipping over it , if not for the bridge where Clay wails `` find your way HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOME '' . That part just makes the song and it 's the reason I love it . This is the best pop album of the year !
 Mr. Aiken has a phenomenal voice . There is no `` skippable '' song on this CD at all -- they are all spectacular . My wife and I both love the CD and highly recommend it .
 THIS ALBUM WAS WORTH THE WAIT . THE BALLADS ARE SOULFUL , THE UPBEAT TRACKS ARE RICH , AND THE ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS ARE FROM HIS HEART . THIS ALBUM IS A MUST FOR EVERY AIKEN FAN . I PREDICT MEASURE OF A MAN WILL GO TO THE TOP OF THE CHARTS !
 The CD shows Clay 's range . I especially liked Run to Me , I Survived You , Perfect Day , Measure of a Man , well , the whole thing . His lower register is so smooth . He has a great voice and has proven it time and time again . I would like to see him come out with a Christmas CD .
 This CD is wonderful for every member of the family to listen to -- together ! Clay has done a beautiful job incorporating that beautiful voice with some beautiful lyrics and taking us into his world . It 's wonderful that he can make an album that all ages can listen to without parents having to censor bad language , etc. . The best way to listen to this album is to go into a totally dark room , lay down on the couch or bed with headphones on . What a personal experiences , listening to this glorious voice ! I already own 4 copies and plan to buy more for Christmas presents this year . The Lord has truly blessed this wonderful man . THIS CD IS A MUST-HAVE !
 I have been in love with Clay Aiken 's singing ever since the early days of American Idol 2 . One of the things that impress me most about Clay is that he has worked very hard to always improve his level of performance . While the songs on `` Measure of a Man '' are standard pop , Clay brings to each song the right inflection and emotion . He did a fantastic job with this first album , and I 'm already waiting for his next CD.Best songs
 Hey ! Butterfly open your weary eyes - such beautiful words sung by a VOICE from HEAVEN . This album makes me happy happy happy . I love it . Clay is the BEST thing to happen to music in many many years . Thank you , Clay . And , thank you RCA . And , thank you Amazon .
 I have to say I was a bit disappointed with Clays album , but after listening to it a few more times , its starting to grow on me . There 's no doubt that Clay has one of the best voices in pop music today . His crystal clear tenor sounds effortless . However , it does n't translate as well on cd than it did live on American Idol.The cd as a whole is a bit redundant . Most of the songs sound alike , and a few of the songs sound familiar to some songs recorded by other artists . With that said though , there a plenty to choose from that made this album enjoyable . First single , Invisible , is a catchy pop tune that instantly grabs your attention . The power ballads No More Sad Songs and Measure of a Man are beautiful that really showcases Clays powerful pipes . A Perfect Day could be a song from the 80 's but Clay sings it with such charsima and energy that it makes for one of the best songs on the album.I do n't criticize Clays performance , he truly is an amazing talent , its the music that does n't do his voice justice . While alot of people were highly anticipating this album , it came out to soon . Kelly Clarkson waited 9 months and released a remarkable , diverse album . An album that obviously had a lot of time and effort put into it . Clay 's album was rushed , and it seems like the producers just gave him some songs to sing without picking and choosing the best ones . I look forward to Clays 2nd effort , were hopefully he 'll have more input and an oppurtunity to show us what he 's all about and that will let his talent shine through .
 Clay Aiken is the best male vocalist of our time , possibly of ANY time . This album is PERFECT . A MUST HAVE .
 This offering by Clay Aiken is outstanding . The voice is magnificent , the songs are entertaining , and the production is excellent . Please buy this CD ; you will love it . `` Measure Of A Man '' CD is the strongest and best debut CD by a male musical artist ever and is definitely the greatest debut CD by an American Idol finalist . Clay Aiken 's voice will amaze you , and the songs will entertain you .
 Although this CD has been out for a couple of years , it is a Gem !! The CD is full of songs that you can sing along with . The artist has a beautiful voice and sings with passion . I would recommend this CD to anyone !!!
 `` Measure Of A Man '' CD by the amazing musical talent CLAY AIKEN definitely rocks !!! I listen to this CD every single day because I never get enough of Clay Aiken 's outstanding voice . There has never been another CD like this in that this collection of songs/arrangements is so appealing , exciting , and entertaining to hear , combined with the magnificent voice of CLAY AIKEN . This CD really stands out and is so original . Please purchase this CD ; you will not be disappointed . You will enjoy this wonderful musical masterpiece .
 Although Ruben Studdard actually won season two of American Idol , most focused more attention on runner-up Clay Aiken . Most people were stunned by the incredibly powerful vocals that came out of this somewhat geeky-looking contestant . On his debut album , `` Measure of a Man '' , Clay turns away from the strictly pop -LRB- though pretty good pop -RRB- of the previous two American Idol contestants -LRB- Kelly Clarkson and Justin Guarini -RRB- and turns instead towards a more adult contemporary sound . Though some may call a lot of this album filler , Clay 's powerful and emotive vocals can general change a song from mediocre to great . Honestly , I would have liked `` Solitaire '' to have been on this album however most of the other songs more than make up for it.The first single , `` Invisible '' starts things off incredibly . Most listeners complained that the song has `` stalkerish '' or `` creepy '' lyrics however if you take it in context , they make perfect sense . In this song , Clay sings about being invisible to a girl he loves . In the chorus , he tells this girl that if it did n't matter what would happen -LRB- `` if hearts were unbreakable '' -RRB- he would tell her how he felt . The song is both sweet and catchy , making for a wonderful first single . `` I Will Carry You '' brings the message of supporting other people and helping them through hard times . Clay 's delivery really brings this already excellent song together . At first , the song sounded odd to me but Clay 's vocals quickly won me over . The bridge in particular sounds amazing . -LRB- `` You should know now that you 're not alone ... '' -RRB- . `` The Way '' also took a few listens to win me over but this time it was Clay 's delivery coupled with the sweet lyrics that drew me in . In this song , Clay sings about all the ways Clay can tell his girl loves him -LRB- `` It 's in the way that you hold me , and the way that you know me ... '' -RRB- . `` When You Say You Love Me '' is probably the weakest offering on the album , though it is still far from a terrible song . Clay 's vocals do not disappoint , nor do the lyrics however the beat seems a little too quick for the rest of the song making it sound a little mismatched . The bridge once again sounds great , but the rest of the song does not quite measure up to the rest of the album . `` No More Sad Songs '' is one of my personal favourites . The lyrics to the chorus are not the strongest but once again , Clay 's delivery draws the attention away from the song 's faults . Also , the background music is incredible , especially when paired with Clay 's vocals . `` Run To Me '' begins with beautiful piano music and is soon joined by the touching lyrics and powerful delivery . It is a little more difficult to figure out what this song is about but it is great nonetheless . As far as the album goes , it is not one of the best songs , however it also is in no way terrible . `` Shine '' has more subdued vocals that actually suit Clay quite well . Instead of hearing Clay belt every note , he sings more quietly , allowing the listener to focus on the lyrics instead . This is definitely a good thing as the lyrics are stunning metaphors -LRB- in some places -RRB- and unlike most metaphors in songs , these ones actually work . In the next song , `` I Survived You '' , the lyrics are particularly exceptional and descriptive . Clay 's vocals here are truly brilliant and he brings a great deal of emotion to the song . It is probably one of the strongest songs on the album . `` This Is The Night '' carries on in the same vein , though not quite as emotive . This also has powerful vocals and exceptional lyrics . Though not quite as good as the song before it -LRB- and why is it considered a bonus track if it 's in the middle of the album and there is no version of the album without it ? -RRB- , it is still a welcome addition . `` Perfect Day '' also took a few listens to grow on me , but it is actually a great song . It describes how Clay feels that as long as his girl is with him , it will be a perfect day . Clay 's powerful vocals add a lot to the song , as do the romantic lyrics . -LRB- `` I think I lost you in another life , a part of me that I left behind , I wo n't go on without you '' -RRB- . The title track , `` Measure of a Man '' was a lot better than I expected . Clay again sings in a more subdued manner and it suits the style of the song impeccably . In this song , Clay gives a stunning delivery , powerful at times and subdued at times . Both styles blend together incredibly making this one of the best songs on the album . Lastly , there is `` Touch '' which is another of my favourites on the album . It 's a different style for Clay but he manages to make the song incredible . The lyrics are particularly beautiful and Clay 's delivery is nothing short of excellent.Overall Mark
 Although the materials on this cd is flawed , they are still very good , worth 4 stars at least . It is Clay 's VOICE that makes the cd measures up . Never in my life have I heard a more original , beautiful , hypnotic voice like the one of Mr. Aiken . He is probably the only singer in the world -LRB- besides Norah Jones and Josh Groban -RRB- who does n't need to rely on background singers and computers to make him sound good . And he 's probably the only singer who actually sounds better LIVE than on CD.Out of the songs , there are only 2 `` less than good '' tracks
 I ca n't get over Clay 's voice . I think , he is the best thing that ever happened to American Idol .
 This is a great cd . Clay 's voice is wonderful and the songs really grow on you . The people that gave this cd a bad review were either tone deaf or are Ruben fans that are upset because Clay will sell more cds then Ruben . Clay should have been the American Idol winner and the sales will prove it .
 My goodness , this is truly a Wonderful cd ! My friend gave it to me , and I am so grateful !!!! Thank you so much CLAY , for your wonderful voice !!!!
 This is the best album I hae listened to in a while . I knew he was talented when I saw him on American Idol and this album corroborates its . I love every song on this cd , but my favorites are Shine , Perfect Day , and Measure of a Man . If you do n't have this cd , you should definetely get it .
 Clay is such a likeable person , and I think that really comes out in his music . You can almost see him smiling and winking while performing . Every song will speak to you , and each one is romantic , sensitive , uplifting and personal . There 's great variety and versatility here , and I do n't even need to describe how phenomenal his talent is . Defintiely a worthy buy !
 A great voice , and a great album . I ca n't wait for the next one .
 Clay Aiken 's great set of pipes and classic style are a win/win for this CD . The CD has a variety of songs in different styles and is appealing to all ages .
 CD
 I think this musical collection is a good showcase for Clay 's talents ... although I wish it had included `` Bridge Over Trouble Water . '' Then it would have been 5 stars !
 Clay is such a breath of fresh air in a stagnant music industry . This cd is really good for a freshman effort . I enjoy all of the songs , but my favorites are `` The way '' `` I will carry you '' `` Shine '' `` Measure of a man '' and `` Perfect day . '' Of course , I still LOVE the song `` This is the night '' that was sung to perfection by Clay on the AI2 finale . Not to be missed is the spectacular `` Bridge over troubled waters . '' Clays version of Bridge is unbelievable!This cd also includes `` On the wings of love . `` After you purchase this cd you should purchase the single `` Solitaire . '' Clays heart-stopping vocals on Solitaire are indescribable.Anyway , I love this cd and I hope you do as well .
 Usually , I listen to a new CD for a couple weeks , then move on . But I have been listening to Clay Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man '' repeatedly since buying it in October -- and am amazed to find that I still enjoy the entire CD . This is an outstanding CD with almost every song a standout . My favorites include the title track , The Way -LRB- now released as a single -RRB- , When You Say You Love Me , I Survived You and Touch.This debut has left me wanting more . Can not wait for Mr. Aiken 's second CD to hit the stores !
 Measure of a Man is an incredible debut album from this exciting new talent . From the haunting title song to the romantic ballad The Way , the songs on the CD showcase the powerful vocals and beautiful lyrics that this `` Idol '' shows us in his every performance .
 Wow , this cd is so worth getting ! This guy is so amazing - i 'm in love with every song . i know there 's some people out there who despise Clay , but why ? what has he done wrong ? was it his amazing voice , cute personality or his love of helping special children ? and im so gald he never sang a song like ` what is sexy ' - how can you compare that garbage to Bridge over troubled water ? that song really completes the cd - and if you listen to the songs with an open mind WARNING - YOU WILL GET HOOKED ON THEM !! no so hard to see who the real winner is after this cd ... 143 Clay !
 Clay may not have `` won '' American Idol 2 , but he sure is winning the battle of the wallets . This cd is really good . There is no voice in the music industry -LRB- except Celine and Josh Groban -RRB- than can vocally compare to Clay . If you have not heard this cd then you are missing out on a wonderful experience . The `` cuts '' here on Amazon do not do the cd justice . Clay really lets go on some of the songs on this cd and those cuts are not showcased here.I will concede the fact that Clays voice sounds a slight bit different on this cd than he did on AI2 . The primary difference is that Clay had a more noticable vibrato on the show , and his vibrato is less noticable on this cd . The other point is it seems the producers of the album found it necessary to `` cloak '' Clays voice with filters . In other words , even though there are times when Clays voice is very clear , it is not as clear as it was on the show . That is not the fault of Clay though . I hold the producers responsible for that blunder.Nevertheless , this is still the best cd out there in spite of any flaws . Clays voice makes up for any short-comings . Clay is a remarkable young man . He has set up a charitable organization -LRB- The Bubel/Aiken Foundation -RRB- to help people with autism . He is such a refreshing change from the thugs that are making millions of dollars `` singing '' -LRB- I use the word loosely -RRB- trash!BUY THIS CD . AMERICA NEEDS TO SUPPORT PEOPLE WHO ARE TALENTED AND SINGERS WHO CAN REALLY SING !
 What a performance !!! Clay sang `` Invisible '' in 2003 and then ushered in the new year with `` The Way '' from his CD Measure of a Man on MTVs 2004 show . He was totally awesome ! Even though Clay has not personally written these songs , like on AI-2 he takes them and makes them his own!Way to go Clay in 2004 !!! I would buy this CD
 This album must be good , because I am now in the 9th grade , and I stopped listening to pop music in the 7th grade . All I listen to now is rock . So when my aunt gave me this for my 15th birthday , my first reaction basically was ugh . But try everything once , I say . I listened to it , and I could n't believe how refreshing it was to my ears ! These days , most pop music is very vulgar , overproduced , and those who sing it dont usually have much talent . But Clay has a beautiful voice , and every single song is clean cut and enjoyable . And his music just brightens up my day whenever Im feeling down ! I recommend this to people of all ages .
 Clay has an awesome voice ! I have listened to this cd from when i wake up in the morning till late at night in my bed . GO CLAY !
 I received this CD as a gift for Christmas , and all I that I can say is WOW ! Whenever I had the chance , I listened to Clay during the American Idol competition and my opinion was that he should have won.I enjoy all of the songs that are on this CD , but my favorites are `` The Way , '' `` Invisible , '' `` I Survived You , '' `` Measure of a Man , '' and of course , the smash single from the summer , `` This is the Night . '' I ca n't wait to wear out this CD in my cars CD player and my CD player at work . No worries though , if I wear out this CD I will just buy another one!Buy this CD , because IT IS EXCELLENT ! No one else out there even comes close to the talent of Clay Aiken . He will be around for a long time to come!Oh , and Janet , thanks for giving me this wonderful CD ! : -RRB-
 It 's been so long since a singer was talented , personable , good looking , and -LRB- yes people -RRB- SEXY.Clay lights up a room with his presence and lights up your soul with his angelic voice.I do remember Barry Manilow -LRB- I 'm 54 yrs old -RRB- , and the talent and emotions are similiar . That 's a good thing . Manilows songs were romantic , heartfelt , and clean . So are Clay 's . I look forward to every performance , every interview Clay does , and have all on dvd . Ca n't wait for the Solitaire / Invisible release .
 clay 's awesome , and he 's only gon na get better , his next album will prove that i 'm sure , and hopefully it will show off a little more of his voice , maybe throw in a few acappela songs , that would be great , anyway if you like clay you 'll like this , and even if you do n't like him yet you just might after listening
 It is a very good CD and I recommend everybody to buy it . It is worth it .
 For Pop lovers , this album is our answered prayers . Clay puts himself into each song and finds the heart of it . You can get lost in the sensual , dance beat of Touch , which is the real surprise of this album . The title tract , is compelling in it 's sincerity and emotion , which may required Kleenex to get through . When You Say You Love Me is a feel good up tempo song that keeps you grooving along with Invisible . Then , when you think you know what is coming , he hits you with The Way - be prepared ! For those who love to hear his voice in all it 's glory , Run To Me showcases it . There is something for everyone here and not a tract to skip over . If you can only take one album to your deserted Island , this IS the one .
 When I first listened to `` The Way '' I loved it instantly . It 's the kind of song you can sing along with hearing it for the first time . It is very catchy and very romantic . I think this should be his next single . Their will be some that do n't like it because its not edgy enough . Who cares . I 'm sick of the negative reviews . If they want to have edge and profanity in their music there are plenty of other artists out there to choose from . Sorry , for going off there . Anyway , I love `` The Way '' and I also really really like `` Touch '' . Overall , I love the entire CD . I am going to play it until I memorize every word .
 Some other reviewer posted that people are saying negative things or critiquing his album just due to CNN 's comments . Clay is not perfect nor is his record company but it is a great album and I find myself going to back to the orginal A I tapes I have just to hear him sing out the songs like `` Everlasting Love '' and `` BOTW '' to hear that amazing range . Thats all .
 I became a Clay fan after his performance of Elton John 's Do n't Let the Sun Go Down on Me , and have been following his career throughout this past year . To be perfectly honest , I did n't much care for This is the Night . It was just a tad to schmaltz for my taste . Still , his talent was undeniable , and I eagerly awaited the release of his debut album . While I was dreading the possibility that his management team might try to produce a CD that will sound like every other pop album out there , I also did n't want them to produce a male version of Celine Dion and definitely hoped for at least a good handful of radio-friendly tracks.What can I say - Measure of a Man delivered ! Of the twelve tracks , I absolutely love ten -LRB- still do n't love TTIN and also am not crazy about Touch -RRB- , and that is way more than I can say about most CD 's . In a mere twelve tracks , Clay manages to show off his powerful pipes and flawless singing skill , while exploring a variety of different sounds within the narrow genre of pop/rock . Really , I can not say enough of about this CD . All the skeptics out there should give this CD an objective listen , forgetting any preconception they may have formed based on their opinion of the American Idol `` franchise '' . This CD is wonderful!Can ' t wait for his next project !
 No disappointment here ! As usual , his singing could give you chills . His range is unbelievable ! He can hit notes that make you sit up and take notice . Excellent and recommend it to everyone .
 After several months I still enjoy listening to this disc . Clay really has a great voice . I usually , however , skip over some of the middle songs as they really do sound alike , which has been a fairly wide criticism . I prefer the more up-tempo songs , and hope there 'll be more of them on the next disc . -LRB- Also , as an aside , `` The Way '' is such a catchy song that I still ca n't understand why `` Solitaire '' was realeased as a single instead . -RRB-
 I love this CD by Clay Aiken . I think he has a great voice and I love listening to him sing . I 've listened to this CD over and over again and love it more each time I hear it . Clay has such a unique voice and he sounds so good it gives me goose bumps when I hear him sing . I strongly recommend this CD .
 I love this CD and could n't wait for it to come out . I have loved Clay 's voice from the first AI tryout . It just seems that anything he sings becomes a beautiful song . I have listened to the first CD so much my family is ready to kick me out . They are just glad I am playing a new one . This CD has great songs that any age can listen to . I just wish they would stop putting so many back up singers , and loud music to back him . We want to hear Clay . We do n't want anything so loud that you ca n't hear that beautiful voice on it 's own . He has such a stong voice - he does n't need all the stuff many singers use - to make them sound good . He is all class and I will love him forever .
 I am 37 and I bought this CD for my 9 yr old daughter . Well , we went on a trip and listened to it and I loved it too ! It 's got more `` sass '' to it than I thought it would and that voice is so amazing ! `` Measure of a Man '' , the song , gives me chills , as does `` The Way '' . `` When You Say You Love Me '' is just plain fun . I 'm so glad he did n't stray from what everyone loves about him . His big voice and big heart come through in a big way !! This should definitely satisfy every Clay fan out there !
 Not exactly what I expected . RCA chose and produced for him . After the World Series last night , Hearing that `` one of a kind voice '' I believe Clay will still be around to sing at the 125th World Series . This CD shows all the multiple talents this man has . Very good !
 I do n't remember the last time I purchased a CD where I truly enjoyed EVERY song on it . Thank you Clay Aiken for making a truly great album ! Mostly slow tempo to midtempo songs -LRB- Invisible I think is the fastest track -RRB- there 's still quite a range in the songs . My favorites are I Will Carry You , Touch , and Perfect Day . I think anyone who listens to this without prejudging the performer will really enjoy it !
 The funny thing is that no matter what Clay Aiken records , it will have soul and appeal simply because of his naturally rich voice combined with his keen intuition and magnetic personality which consistently shines through . `` Measure of a Man '' succeeds in showing off his versatility and incredible range . My only reservation with this new CD is that a lot of the tracks use too much background vocals and loud instrumentals -- Clay 's voice can do the trick all on its own . As one previous reviewer noted , it would be a real treat to hear a recording of Clay a la Norah Jones , giving the listener the opportunity to truly appreciate the purity of his voice . Congratulations , Clay ! You 're a natural winner .
 Clay 's voice soars on `` Run to Me . '' `` Touch '' oozes sensuality . `` Shine '' reminds me of Lennon-McCartney . Wow , I love every song in its own way . It 's great to be able to understand the words . Clay is so gifted at nailing the emotion of whatever song he tackles . Ca n't wait for his next album . He gets better and better .
 Finally !!!!!!!!! Since the first moment I heard this man 's voice , there is such a power , a connection , a glorious feeling that comes over me . Clay Aiken has touched my heart -LRB- and the hearts of many -RRB- with his genuineness and his gift of music . I wish someone would create `` The Clay Aiken Musical Hour '' so I can hear & see him every week singing so fabulously !! I also ca n't wait to hear the release of Clay 's version of Sedaka 's `` Soliatire '' ! `` The Measure of A Man '' has been worth the wait!The `` Invisible '' track is fun , melodic & upbeat , `` The Way '' is vocally powerful and I could listen to the title track over & over . Actually I am listenting to the whole thing over & over ! I am so privileged to be able to have watched this young man from his early American Idol beginnings through his first major record to the wonderful future we all know he has . Clay be true to yourself --------- that 's who we love !!!!!!!!! -LRB- PS -- his Mom & Dad have raised a great kid ... . who can sing too !! -RRB-
 I am a 12 year old boy and I love this cd as I do Clay 's other 2 singles . I am a major fan of Mr. Clay Aiken and I listen to this cd everyday and the other 2 singles of course.What I am very upset about is how people who hate Mr. Clay Aiken bash him and they do n't even review the cd . I may be young but I believe that people who are not fans of Mr. Clay Aiken should not write a review as they are not even reviewing the cd!And the langauge that they use when they bash Mr. Clay Aiken is sad . Mr. Clay Aiken wanted to do a cd which adults and children can enjoy without listening to offensive langauge and I come here only to read the langauge that Mr. Clay Aiken said he will not use because he wants to be a role model . Clay is my role model , anti-bashers are not mine .
 I adore this album , I love it more everytime I listen to it.His voice is exquisite and he sings each song with so much emotion that you feel that he is living what he is singing about.Clay Aiken is a phenomenal performer and I ca n't wait till the next album .
 Clay 's voice is magnificent . He hits all registers beautifully and on target . The songs are very catchy , and each one different enough to make you marvel at his range , perfect pitch , and ablility to sing any kind of song well . Most could be hits on their own , and I am not surprised to find different songs on the CD popping into my head all day long . My favorites are `` Invisible and `` The Way , '' but I truly like them all . This CD is a real prize .
 Clay proved to millions of his fans why they adored him so much . This simple person with extraordinary talent and amazing charisma comes up with an excellent collection of songs that truly will be forever identified as Clay 's unique songs . I love all the songs but my favorite among my favorites -LRB- if that 's possible -RRB- is `` Run To Me '' . To all his detractor , eat your hearts out ! You ca n't dictate what millions of people want ! Whether you like it or not , Clay is MULTI PLATINUM.GO , CLAY !!!!
 The entire CD is great . Track # 3 `` The Way '' is in my opinion the song that could go to # 1 ! In this song , Clay sounds fantastic and it reminds me of the many times on American Idol that he stole the hearts of America .
 Clay was on Good Morning America Cd went double platinum in a week way to go Clay ,
 THIS IS A WONDERFUL CD !!!!! WHAT A WONDERFUL VOICE !!!!!! HE IS HOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO CLAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!! GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
 My kids gave me a CD player for my birthday just so I could play Clay 's new CD -LRB- also a gift from them -RRB- . What a great gift . I love all the songs and play them over and over . His voice is magnificent and his personality is so great and down to earth . I hope there are many more albums to come .
 I love Clay 's album . He has something special that not a lot of young singers have today . He has the voice of an angel . I play his cd all of the time . I hope there will be more singers like him . He is one in a million .
 I eagerly awaited the arrival of this CD to hear one of the greatest voices to come out of the woodwork in years . I love the songs , I love what Clay has done with the lyrics and feel more than rewarded in just those two areas . However , I am dissappointed in the job the recording studio did . For some reason , they keep pulling the music out and dimming the voice . This is probably a poor choice of words but give me more Clay and less band .
 Clay Aiken is a Superstar ... best CD I ever bought , every song is capable of being a number one hit ... Ca n't wait until the tour so I can hear him perform them live !!!!!! What a great strong voice he has ... what a refreshing change from the nasty , vulgar music that has been out lately ... LOVE the songs , LOVE the voice , LOVE Clay !!!!!!!!
 I rooted for Clay all throughout American Idol 2 and knew that his CD would be amazing . I listened to this CD and was not disappointed a bit . His voice is so beautiful , and the songs are very very well written . Great Job Clay ! Thankyou for sharing your incredible talents with the world .
 This is the first time I have ever bought a cd that I can not find a song that I do not like . Great Album , now officially my favorite album of all time ! Even my 6 year old loves it ! So much I had to get her a copy of her own . Thanks Clay !
 Clay has the most beautiful voice I have ever heard . His powerful voice lets you feel what he is feeling . I enjoy artists like 3 Days Grace , Eminem , 50 Cent , -LRB- Im 15 -RRB- and so on . I am mostly into rock and rap , but this album stands out to me . It is such a fresh breath of air . I loved him on AI2 , and was heartbroken when he lost . But I love him and know he will go far.GO CLAY ! Keep it coming and dont listen to what people say-YOU ROCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I am not , I repeat , am NOT a fan of pop music and I am blown away by this album . Clay Aiken was robbed of the American Idol title , but is better off for not winning that sorry excuse of a competition . This project is incredible . There is not one track that should be skipped over . Fans of any type of music will be able to appreciate , and most likely fall in love with , this CD . Buy it now , you wo n't be sorry .
 Clay Aiken 's album is a fun to sing along with Album , that is made better by the incredibly range and purity of this artist 's voice . What the songs lack in edge and creativity , Aiken 's vocals make up for . But they often chose to cover up the greatest attribute , Aiken 's voice , with crunchy power cords and loud background vocals -LRB- almost forgiveable because Aiken recorded most of them -RRB- . From the upbeat stalkeresque song `` Invisible '' to what is sure to be the next radion hit `` Touch '' Aiken 's voice manages to shine through it all . But I do n't think it really matters what the record sounds like , the millions of Claymates around the world , drawn to Clay by boy next door charm , are determined to make Clay Aiken a success .
 I absolutely love this album ! I have to admit that when Kelly Clarkson 's album came out I was kind of disappointed with it , so my hopes were n't that high for Clay 's - but his CD is actually really good ! Like one of the other reviewers on this site , there is not a song on this album that I do n't like ! And that kind of album is very unusual to find nowadays .
 This has to be the best CD I have ever purchased . Each song is different and Clay sings them with such beauty and emotion . There is not a song I do not like .
 Clay 's first venture into the hands of professional producers fares well -- his voice remains clear , clean , pure , strong and emotionally vibrant -- in spite of the producers . What fans fell in love with -- his incredible voice and confident delivery -- manage to shine through on this freshman CD . The best cut is , of course , the cut Mr. Aiken likes the most -- `` Measure of a Man . '' It showcases his voice beautifully , carries strong emotion , and shares a message close to Aiken 's heart . Powerful song . Advice ? Buy this CD to discover what a voice-sent-from-God sounds like . This is an artist to watch .
 First off let me say that I listen to all types of music ... I really liked Clay on American Idol so I decided to give his new CD a try ... It really seems like the studio guys have changed Clay 's voice a little bit on the CD ... He definitely sounded better on TV ... It 's kinda weird ... All of the songs are perfectly written with great meaning and the music is top notch but it still seems like it his voice does not mesh or blend with the music ... Does anyone else get this feeling ?? Anyway ... I guess if you are a diehard Clay fan pick this one up ... If not ... defintely listen before you buy ...
 While some of the songs are a bit formulaic Clay 's delivery and his extraordinary voice make them from `` plain pop '' into exceptional performances . Clay 's ability to take an every day song and transform it with his voice and depth of feeling are simply amazing . I am very impressed with this first CD and know that with time Clay will only get better and better . I 'm a very satisfied & happy Clay fan : -RRB-
 beautiful , heartfelt , and the best voice in the world ... this cd is absolutly amazing and your right 5 starts is far from enough . . clay aiken , he finally came along and showed everyone what real music and talent is about.Im so glad that i can listen to his music , and its not like the junk you hear on the radio from people who cant sing.BEAUTIFUL there no other words to explain it
 For a singer who came out of a `` talent show , '' this cd shows a lot about Clay ! He has been professional from day one and displays this in his new cd . What a beautiful voice ! Clay has been put down a countless number of times and it is time that we give him recognition ! He is a singer who compares to the great sounds of Elton John and the beautfil high notes like Celine Dion ! For those of you , that are saying that they expected better from Clay , I think you should remember ... it is his first cd ever ... and in my opinion , it is a great one !
 This CD is absolutely wonderful . No disappointments here - just great music to enjoy over and over again . In my opinion , Clay Aiken IS the American Idol .
 I could not wait to get this album , and it did not disappoint me . I love the sound of his voice on The Way You Love Me , Run to Me , The Way , actually all of the songs . I do n't understand so called `` professional critics '' who can not see that all music does not have to be hiphop or rap . There is room for all types of music and Clay 's glorious voice makes this a winner .
 I think this CD is fantastic . I love every song in it and find myself humming the tunes all the time . In it Clay has proven that he is as good as Justin Timberlake and all those others that the critics seem to like . The only reason they pan Clay is because he refuses to sing about sex and drugs and tries to put forth an image that is a good one for young people to emulate .
 I expected Clay 's CD would be good , but this is excellent . I have few CDs that I listen to all the way through , but this one I can and I listen to it over and over . I love `` Perfect Day '' , it sounds Beatle-esque to me . So does `` Shine '' . Clay does things with his voice we have n't heard before . `` Invisible '' will go straight to # 1 . All in all , I 'm SO glad I bought this CD .
 Hello I got the clay aiken cd and its GREAT !!! I just love it . I am so proud of Clay and I hope he is around for a long time in the music business : -RRB-
 I had anticipated the arrival of this cd since the first time i saw clayton on ai2 . now its here !!! i bought it the first day it came out , and it blew me away . Clay has such a wide and compelling vocal range . This is a must have for anyone . I love you Clay !
 I have never listened to a cd where I actually loved every song on it . This is a first . Clay Aiken did an incredible job , which is no surprise . His range vocally and in styles of music is evident on this cd . Every one of the songs has the potential to be a hit . I highly recommend to everyone to buy this cd . You wo n't regret it .
 Clay showed another side of his amazing voice on his new CD album . The songs are great , especially Run to Me , Measure of a Man , I Will Carry You and Touch . The music of Run to Me is wonderful .
 This is a wonderful Cd full of great music and Clay 's magnetic voice.Hey , there 's something to it if my mother likes it just as much as I do!Way to go Clay !
 I have already listened to Clay 's new CD 4 times today . Each and every song has me entranced . I 've heard previews of some of the songs on the internet , but I 'm sooooo glad to finally have it in my hot little hands . I ca n't seem to put it down . Bravo to CLAY for sticking to your guns and putting out such a beautiful CD that so many will enjoy !!!
 I have been anxiously anticipating the release of Clay Aiken 's debut album . I am amazed that EVERY track is a great listen ! I am enjoying every song - unlike most CDs that I own where I tend to listen to just a few tracks . This is a wonderful collection of new songs by a great debut artist !
 I just got `` Measure of a Man '' this morning and I ca n't stop listening to it ! Clay Aiken 's talent and wonderful caring spirit is reflected in each song . This is just the beginning . I look forward to much more from Clay in the future ! I love you Clay !
 Man Clay is just amazing !!! This album is fantastic !!! All of the songs on here are great and are very touching !!! This album should definitly get recognition for such a job well done !!! I really hope Clay wins an award for this album because he deserves one for it !!!! Everyone should really buy this album and discover the great songs that this CD offers .
 This CD really reflects the artist . Every track is excellent ! If you are a Clay fan , I highly recommend this CD . If you are n't yet a fan , after hearing this you will be !
 `` Measure of a Man '' is the best album I have ever heard . Being a fellow North Carolinian I have followed Clay 's rise to fame . I feel that this album will go platinum and break records . The songs are great and the music is fabulous !!! I have been waiting for this day since January ! I recommend that you go out and buy this album NOW !!!!!!!
 Clay 's CD is great . He has such a wonderful voice that makes your heart flutter . I love his attitude .
 Love Clay , love his incredible voice , love this CD . Each time I listen , I have a new favorite . Some songs inspire , some make me want to dance , and some just make me feel good . As a fan of all the old standards , easy listening , etc. , a future album of all covers would be nice too . In fact , I believe I would be happy to hear Clay sing just about every song ever written .
 This is an absolutely fantastic CD ... I love each and every one of these songs ... I look forward to buying every CD from Clay ... He is pure talent !!!!!!!!!
 With this being his first attempt It is very good for a new commer . Let us hope he has more input and more display of his wonderful voice in next CD : -RRB- Anita
 OH MY GAULD !!!!!!!!!! THIS CD IS FANTASTIC !!!!!!!!!! My mother , my daughter & myself ca n't get enough of it ! This cd will be played for generations to come.Favorite ... The Way .
 Clay Aiken rocked America with his big voice and big ears . He was the furthest thing from a pop star as you could get when he auditioned for American Idol , but now I think he IS the definition of a pop star . Not everyone likes the bump and grind world of hip hop that record execs keep pushing . Many people will find Clay 's album refreshing , and an answer to the drought of true pop artists . He proves it with this CD . His voice soars on all of the songs , giving you guaranteed goosebumps.Opener `` Invisible , '' which is also the first single off of the album , is an up-tempo pop/rock track that gets you dancing around the room and singing in front of the mirror . `` The Way '' and `` I Will Carry You '' are picturesque songs for upcoming singles because of their catchy lyrics and beautiful melodies.The song `` Touch '' , which features an up-tempo beat that is reminiscent of the Backstreet Boys or Enrique Iglesias is a stand-out track because it 's something you would n't expect from Clay . But surprisingly , it works!I also love `` I Survived You '' in which Clay says he `` survived the crash , survived the burn '' of a breakup . But most importantly , Clay says , `` I survived you . '' His voice really emotes in this track , and I love it ! `` Perfect Day '' is my mother 's favorite track on the album . I think the song shows Clay 's personality more than some of the others . He sings about how it 's always a perfect day when that certain girl is by his side . -LRB- We all know he 's talking about us , of course . -RRB- `` Shine '' is taking a little while to grow on me , but I 'm seeing that it 's similar to another Backstreet Boys tune . It 's got great lyrics , and the beat is really starting to grow on me.The ballad `` Run To Me '' is exactly what fans want Clay to tell them . Clay sings `` As soon as you get that feeling , you can start to live again . As soon as the worst is over , you can make it all make sense . Right now I can give you what you need . As soon as you get that feeling , run to me . '' Can you say , I 'm Aiken for Clay ? I 'll run to Clay the second he asks . `` When You Say You Love Me '' has almost a country vibe to it . I guess when he roomed with Josh on American Idol , some country rubbed off on him.In `` No More Sad Songs '' , Clay tells an ex goodbye and tells us that there will be `` no more sad songs '' for him . ` The title track `` Measure of a Man '' is beautiful . Clay asks a woman if she would stay with a man if he suddenly went bankrupt . He then asks her if she measures a man by wealth or by what he would do just to be with her -LRB- `` Would he walk on water ? Would he run through fire ? Would he stand before you when it 's down to the wire ? Would he give his life up to be all he can ? Is that , is that , is that how you measure a man ? '' Sorry , burst into song there for a minute . Ahem . -RRB- And of course , `` This Is The Night '' is also included . But I do n't think I need to review that one . I would think the thousands of copies he sold of that single is enough to tell you it 's a great song.So basically , what I 'm trying to say is
 I LOVE THIS CD . A VERY REFRESHING AND UNIQUE SOUND FROM THE NEWEST SUPERSTAR IN THE MUSIC INDUSTRY !
 This CD was worth the wait ! Thank you American Idol for finding and selecting this incredible talent to be on your show ! What a shame if a voice of this unbelievable caliber went undiscovered . The selection of songs are an extension of Clay and you feel that in every note , beat , and chorus . `` The Way '' is my favorite but I have continuously listened to the entire CD since buying it - there is no bad song ! Congratulations to Clay , you stuck true to yourself and the CD is awesome !
 None of the Idol judges ever expected Clay to ` win ' , but he has DEFINITELY won !!! His voice , music , attitude , everything about him is 100 + % . I truly believe this is only the 1st of many , many more PLATINUM CD 's he will be coming out with !!! If you do n't have it , you are missing out on a true phenomonon !!!!!
 I was very surprised at how good an album this is . This album is full of great pop songs . Billboard was right when it said this was the best pop album of 2003 . I guess my favorite songs are Perfect Day and Invisible . They are all very good songs with very good melodies .
 Every song on MOAM is perfect . Clay has a voice of an angel and I hope you will go buy his cd too ! Some of my favorites are The Way , Measure of a man , and Shine.He deserves to go DOUBLE PLATINUM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -LRB- and he did -RRB-
 For the first time since I moved to Atlanta I love drive time . All songs are fun and singable . I have my personal favorites , Shine , Perfect Day , The Way , but I usually listen to the whole album . If I 'm in a quiet mood I just listen to that great voice . I 'll buy anything this man does in the future ...
 Clay 's new CD is wonderful !!!! Here 's the proof of his incredible talent for anyone who doubted it during AI season 2 . I ca n't stop listening to it ! Every single song is great ! Clay is sure to be a huge star -LRB- not that there was ever any doubt about that -RRB- . He 's got the personality , the looks , and the VOICE ! So go out and support Clay by buying this album ! You absolutely will not be disappointed ! I would mention certain songs as my favorites , but I simply ca n't choose ! There 's the perfect blend of fast-paced , fun songs along with quieter , soulful ballads . I would also give it more than 5 stars if I could ! To sum up everything about Clay and this CD in two words
 This is Clay at his best . As a certifiable CLAYMANIAC I was afraid that after all the waiting this album would be a let down . It was all I hoped for and more . The first song `` Invisible '' is destined to be a hit as well as `` I 'll Carry You '' . After this America is sure to say Reuben who ????
 I have been anxiously waiting for this CD and am not disappointed . If you are looking for teenage-type bop music , you should not buy this CD . Clay Aiken and the producers of this CD did a wonderful job of putting together a mixture of songs that inspire emotion . Furthermore , Clay did an outstanding job of performing those songs so that they DO inspire emotions . Geat Job , Clay !!! I look forward to your next CD !
 He is proving to us that he is brilliant once again ! When I listen to the cd it makes me think he 's been doing this professionally for years .
 I love this cd . Clay Aiken is wonderfully talented and has an awesome voice . I highly recommend this-all the songs are great !!!
 Nothing at all like boy-band CDs -LRB- InSync , Backstreet Boys , etc like editorial compared it to -RRB- . While some of the songs are over-processed and do n't allow Clay 's strong , clear , and beautiful voice to shine through enough , it is overall a very good CD . It has some catchy tunes on it . His second CD , Merry Christmas With Love , allows his wonderful voice to shine through even more .
 Do n't listen to that negative , uncalled-for review by F.Faulkner `` F.F. '' He does n't know what he is talking about . He just came to stir up trouble because he is jealous , rude , and ignorant . Let me clean up this board . Clay Aiken 's voice is outstanding and is like no other . `` Measure Of A Man '' CD is exciting and is the best debut CD by a male musical artist in the past 3 years . Clay Aiken is `` America 's Idol '' because of his irresistable voice and character and his many , many fans . Please buy this CD . You will not be disappointed at all . The songs are very good .
 I am not a CLAY-MATE ... howver , Clay Aiken is without-a-doubt the best runner-up from any season of AI . That being said ... I still was n't sure if I would like this CD . And I did n't -- at first . But then , after hearing it a few more times , I actually grew to like most of the songs . Not all of them , which is why I did n't give him 5 stars , but it is a very good album . My favorite happens to be the title track . But , there are several more good songs on the CD . Whether or not you are into this style of music , you ca n't argue that Clay Aiken has one of the best male voices around . Probably the best male voice of his age . I would recommend this CD to any one who is into Adult Contemporary . Of course , if you are a Clay-mate , then I do n't have to tell you anything : -RRB-
 What a wonderful voice ! I 'm not sure why more of these songs did n't make it to the radio -- maybe he just did n't want to fork over the payola .
 Measure of a man is definitely the best cd that i own . however , the two bonus songs are available on other cds . because at the moment this cd costs about $ 40 , and their basically charging you $ 25 for 2 songs , i would recommend buying the measure of a man cd -LRB- $ 14 -RRB- , the ` this is the night ' single , which has ` bridge over troubled water ' on it -LRB- $ 9 -RRB- and the american idol season 2 cd , which has ` on the wings of love ' on it -LRB- $ 14 -RRB- . This comes out to be slightly less than the $ 40 you would be paying for this item , and you end up with more songs because the season 2 cd has 13 songs on it .
 Very powerful album for Clay Aiken , shows different levels of what he can do with his beautiful voice . Wonderful mix of songs . Looking forwards to his next album .
 This is the best CD ever . I am always listening to it . Clay has such a great voice . My favorite songs are `` Measure a man '' , `` When you say you love me '' , and `` The Way '' . All of his songs have a catchy tune that makes you want to listen to it over and over again , except for `` Touch '' . It has a great tune but the lyrics are n't too good.I never get tired of this CD and ca n't wait for Clay to make another . He is the real American Idol .
 It is so nice to be able to listen to a CD that is not offensive . So many people I know have been turned on to Clay because they have heard this CD . Then , there are other people that seem to be threatened by Clay for some unknown reason . He is just a sweet person with a golden voice . I hope he continues to put out new material , because I ca n't get enough .
 This CD is fabulous . Clay has a very unique voice and it really shows thru on all the songs on this disc . I listen to this CD at least once a day ; sometimes more . You will not be disappointed . Once you hear the songs you will be as hooked as I am . Happy listening . Be sure and get `` Solitaire '' as well . Clay will knock your socks off with his rendition of this classic .
 This is an album that I listen to alot and I really love it . While Invisible , Shine , This is the night , and Touch are my favorites , I like all of the songs . Clay has a voice that gives me goosebumps . I 've been reading some of the ratings and I really do n't like it when people say `` Do n't but this '' or do n't waste your money '' If I like a cd , I will buy it no matter if it had a million bad reviews . Everyone has different tastes in music and while some people might hate this cd , others like me love it . I listened to Britney Spears new cd and I hate it , but I would n't tell people to not buy it because some people actually like her and might actually like her cd . And I 've seen some people comment on Clay 's cheesy lyrics . Well I would rather turn on the radio and listen to a Clay song then turn on the radio to hear Eminem who curses in his songs , or Britney -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 If you ca n't make one of the concerts , you can buy this CD and have the very best of Clay . Granted , he is one of those performers who come across VERY well in concert . You will have the opportunity to skip from Invisible , to The Way , to Touch , to Run to Me , to I Survived You , ... the list is endless and if you do n't have the opportunity to make a concert ... here it is !!! I like this CD because I can let it play all the way through and still be reliving the concert I was just at !!!! Sometimes -LRB- as most of his fans know -RRB- , this is the FIX that gets us through the day . I defy you to go to one of his concerts and not come back wishing and wanting more !!! If you do n't believe me , fine , do n't buy this CD . He will stand the test of time ...
 This is the best pop album currently available.Clay has such a versatile and powerful voice and hissinging shows his emotional connection to all the songson this album . Some of the songs are lighthearted and fun , some are very romantic -LRB- especially THE WAY -RRB- , some showa little angst , and some are upbeat . All in all it isan excellent album . I never get tired of listening to it .
 This CD is absolutely brilliant and fantastic , as 99 % of thereviews state . Itis questionable that so many 1 star reviews arepoping up on the eve of Ruben 's CD release . Clay has not onlyblessed us with a fantastic talent , but he has shown a very deepregard to help humanity with his autistic foundation . Ruben onthe other hand has only bought more Bling Bling . A pair of 2.5 ctdiamond earings and a set of diamond encrusted dog tags . This story was reported during the AI tour only once and then hushedup faster than the presidents trip to Iraq .11 Alive news in Atlanta reported this . That Ruben Studdard wassuing the Birmingham , AL. company that made the 205 jerseys thathe wore on the show because they used his picture without hispermission . The Birmingham co then replied with a statement of theirown saying they had made this jersey for a long time and thatMr . Studdard was paid to wear the jerseys on the show , and thathe requested the payments to be made to his brother because itwas against the AI Rules to endorse or make any money from endorsements while being a contestant on the show , and they hadthe cancelled ckecks to prove it . Why was this story hushed up soquickly ? The Birmingham Co. said how much the checks were for butI ca n't remember the exact amount . But this should all be a matter of public records . Even Jay Leno made a crack about it onthe Tonight Show . Other contestants were thrown off for lesseroffences .
 Clay 's new album measure of a man is a really big hit with us claymates !!!!!!!!!!!!! He has done so well and i could n't more happier for him !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I do n't know what else to say all i can say is how wonderful it is!Simone
 Okay , I only searched through 100 reviews to see if anyone mentioned No More Sad Songs , and very few did . So , let me say that it is by far the best song on the album and frankly , worth the price of the entire album . Of course , I like the other songs , too , but I 'm shocked more people have n't said glowing things about No More Sad Songs . Then again , I do n't typically like the pop music of the last 2 decades -- I probably ca n't name one song on the Top 40 . So , my tastes are probably unusual.I was hoping Clay would do some covers like during AI . His versions of To Love Someboday , Sugar Pie Honey Bunch , and Here There and Everywhere were absolutely amazing . Clay 's AI performances were the only performances by anyone that have ever reminded me of Elvis -LRB- though he does n't dance much like him
 I love Clay . Loved him on AI2 , and I think he has loads of talent . I bought the CD the day it came out , and initially I liked it but thought all the songs sounded the same . Then I listened again ... and again ... and again ... and it 's now in my car , at work , and at home . I love this CD ! Clay does a fine job with all of the songs , and although I was hoping for those stronger songs , vocally , this CD is a great example of Clay 's style and personality . I am looking forward to buying Ruben Studdard 's CD and comparing which CD I enjoy best . Oh , and I read the liner notes on Clay 's CD and saw that Danielle Broisebois sings background vocals on a couple of Clay 's songs , which are terrific and encouraged me to buy Danielle 's older CD -LRB- Arrive All Over You -RRB- and I 'm enjoying her vocals as well !
 Oh my gosh!I was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO happy when I finally got my very own copy of Clays CD!I started crying!Tears of Joy!This CD has GREAT songs that you can understand and they arent about any bad things.This CD is for people of all ages.It has many up-beat catchy songs.Clay is truly a musical wonder and hes super hot too ! :D :D : DCLAY IF YOUR OUT THERE MARRY ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Anyways , if u dont have this CD GO GET IT!NOW !!!!!!! ITS THE BEST !!!!!!!!!
 I am a big Clay fan !!!! I traveled over 1000 miles to see him at Memphis and I was at the Charlotte concert . I have been waiting for this CD . I bought 4 copies and i LOVE it . I have just about wore one out already !!! I have also purchased 2 Christmas CDs . I would buy anything that has Clay in it . . He is a true American Idol !!! Keep up the good work CLAY !!! LOVE YOU DEARLY !!!!!
 The 1st time I listened to it ... . It was just ok . . but the second time you will be hooked , Love No more Sad songs ... Clay was a favorite of mine from the start of American Idol ... . I would have liked to see a duet with Carmen Rasmussen on the CD tho .
 In my eyes Clay was the American Idol and this CD proves it . I waited a long time to get this CD and I have n't listened to any other CD since it came in the mail last week . I like pretty much all of the songs , which is very rare for me . I think `` Touch '' is a good song , but I do n't think it is very Clay-like , but the rest fit him perfectly . This is everything I thought the CD would be and more.I was a little concerned when I first read reviews , but what do the reviewers know ? What counts is what the people who BUY the CD think . I have friends who had never heard Clay and did n't think he 'd be any good , then they hear a song and think otherwise . I recommend this CD to anyone of any age . It is a great CD to add to your collection . Clay is truly amazing and I look forward to hearing more from him in the future.Clay , you 're the American Idol in my heart and I hope God will Bless You and that you will have a long career , doing what you love , because we can tell you love singing through every song on this album .
 ... well he did ... and it works ! I did n't see much of either AI , but when I heard this guy 's voice ! WOW ! I took notice and was anxious to hear the CD . I was surprised at the total pop/contemporary sound and impressed at how well he carried it off . While I could listen to his huge voice singing Bridge Over Troubled Waters all day long , I 'm glad his album was n't full of a bunch of old remakes , mainly because in this album he proved he could do more . Had the songs been from AI , he would have then been accused of karaoke and over-singing . This album is full of new songs -LRB- new to most of the population anyway -RRB- that get better each time you hear them and that after a few listens , you ca n't stop singing them . The future of Clay Aiken will be an exciting and different one to watch !
 Finally an album filled with pure pop gems . Played it to death and still gets a kick out of it . Never have to skip any song since each one is good . Way to go , Clay Aiken!You may well be my favourite singer now .
 I love it . I love Clay 's voice and could n't wait for his CD . I thought I would like a few tracks and I 'd be skipping over some . Boy was I wrong ! Every song is excellent ! His true talent and his beautiful voice are set to songs that amplify these attributes . I see an award for this CD not far off . Way to go Clay !!
 I had to buy two copies of this CD - one for my car and one for work because I ca n't stop listening to it . Clay 's voice is wonderful and never faulters ! I have n't stopped listening to it since it was initially released . I ca n't wait for the second one !
 I am going to try my hardest not to sound `` cheesy '' when I say that this is one of the best cds I have ever purchased !! The songs are pop-ballad -LRB- if that is a genre ? -RRB- While waiting for this cd I imagined Clay would become the male equivalent to Celine Dion ; great voice for ballads/adult contemorary and this cd did n't dissapoint that is exactly what it is . It reminds me a lot of Celine Dion 's Power of Love cd where every single is very good , you wo n't have to skip over any one song.I was playing the cd on very low volume during a gathering at my home and it caught a lot of attention from my guests . The songs are catchy , well versed and sung angelically . My favorite is `` I survived you '' great break up/it 's over song .
 Clay Aiken is insanely wonderful ! Since I got the CD I 've listened to it a zillion times ! I 'm listening to it right now ... its on repeat in my CD player it 's been on for hours ! Its fabulous from beginning to end . There are no songs u have to skip over ! I LOVE IT ! His voice is sensational !
 I was scared at first at how RCA , 19 , and all the other producers working on this CD would deal with Clay 's awesome voice . I really like half of the songs to the point I play them over and over again . My ranking in order of preference is :1 . Invisible - LOVE this song on Clay . It is upbeat ... although they could have done something about those creepy , stalkerish verses in the chorus . But it 's Clay , so it 's harmless . If these same words came out of say , R. Kelly 's mouth , then , I 'd be very concerned ... -LRB- but I digress ... -RRB- 2 . Shine - Another favorite . I thought this would be the Diane Warren diddy they sang on the show and was so pleasantly surprised that it was n't . This song had a Beatles like sound to it and I liked it on Clay . I really wish the CD was able to explore Clay 's soulful type sounds that he does on this song and on BOTW . They are missing out on some richness by not having songs to showcase his abilities and talent there .3 . Perfect Day - I LOVE this song too . This is also a Beatles sounding song . Sort of like `` Live and Let Die '' or something . Do n't know . Sounds like Clay is having fun with this one and it 's very upbeat .4 . The Way - Yes , I agree with some of the critics that this song has a boy band type feel to it , but I still like it on Clay . It 's catchy and I like the words .5 . The Measure of a Man - This song had to grow on me . At first I thought meh ... but after listening to it a few more times , I really felt the words and softness of the song . This song is probably really close to displaying Clay 's heart and vulnerable charm .6 . No More Sad Song - Okay , I also agree that this could be considered an over the top , melodramatic song , but sue me , I like songs like that some times and especially if they are sung by one Mr. Clay Aiken.The other songs did n't really stand out or stick to me enough to really get into that much . That really is n't a reflection on Clay per se because I find I never really like any performer 's entire CD ... unless it 's a compilation of greatest hits or something.My wish for Clay , Clive , and Simon Fuller -- slow down on the next CD and make sure that Clay is allowed to have songs that match the power and intensity of his voice . Do n't over process the songs and help Clay tap into some emotions more . Clay is young and his fame is sudden and I realize that he might not be used to displaying certain types of emotions -LRB- or , he might not even have experienced some of the emotions he 's singing about -RRB- but I saw , felt and heard emotions during the Finale Show of AI and he sang his heart out with BOTW . One of the disappointments with pretty much all of Clay 's recordings is the seeming loss of emotionality when he gets in the recording booth . Without the live competition , it seems like Clay is just singing without a purpose or something . Yes , still very beautiful and pitch perfect . But , lacking enough emotion like I know he 's capable of doing when gets out there live . It 's that heartfelt intensity that I felt was missing from this CD . Notes - flawless . Pitch - superb . Song Choices - Overall good job . Emotionality - Clay , work on that on okay ? Maybe more living , maybe better song choices to match life experiences , maybe more time spent on the CD . In the end , vulnerability and emotionality in that perfect voice combine to make Clay endearing to so many . I hope that comes out more in the next CD.Now for this one ... I still expect to hear of a Platinum CD in the next few days . I 'm very proud of you Clay , despite what the brutal reviews say .
 I really did n't like Clay on American Idol , I was a Ruben fan but this album is a good solid pop album . It has good catchy songs . My favorite tracks are `` No More Sad Songs , '' `` I Survived You , '' `` This Is The Night , '' `` Perfect Day , '' and of course `` Touch . '' Even if you are 205 all the way , you should still check this CD out ! It is remarkably good and Clay has a great voice .
 People out there in the world ! Do not hesitate buying this CD!It will change your life and give you a chance to reflect the newest songs with Clay ... he has given us a gift , along with hisback-up musicians -LRB- incredible -RRB- , Clive Davis , RCA , and yes , SimonCrowell -LRB- without him we probably would not have known Clay -RRB- ... What an experience with headsets ... buy and try ! Every song is worthy of your time , and I mean EVERY track ! Swing , western style , latin , and romantic love ... Go now !
 This is the real American Idol ! Clay 's fantastic voice is showcased fabulously on almost all of these tracks . A must have for all American Idol fans , but this CD is appealing to everyone ! 90 % of these songs are great . I wish Solitaire would have been included , but it will be on his next single . Finally , a singer with TALENT !
 A great album from the best contestant on American Idol 2 ! 1 . Invisible - I love everything about this song . The music is great , the vocals are amazing , and I love the lyrics . It 's about feeling unnoticed by someone you love2.I Will Carry You-OMG one of my absolute faves !!! The vocals are AMAZING and powerful ! This should have been the next single . It 's about being there for someone when their world falls apart . It is a truly amazing song that I loved the first time I heard it3 . The Way - the newest single ... I definitely think there are better choices for a next single , but this song has a great meaning . It 's one of those songs you catch yourself randomly singing4 . When You Say You Love Me - eh , I do n't love it . The lyrics are n't that great and I usually skip over it . It 's just lacking any catch5 . No More Sad Songs - This song is pretty deep . It 's wicked catchy and it has a great rhythm6 . Run to Me - Aweeee another fave ! It is sooo sweet and he sings it so well ! I loved it right away ! The music is awesome as are the vocals7 . I Survived You - great to listen to if you 're sad . It 's about suriving a bad break up . Great lyrics and the music is good too8 . Shine - another fave !!! I think it 's about believing in yourself ... lol but the vocals are amazing and so powerful and I love this song9 . This is the Night - I got chills the first time I heard this song . This is his best song I think . He won a Billboard music award for best selling single for it . The lyrics are sooo sweet and the vocals are the best ! 10 . Perfect Day - Sweet song , strong vocals ... I really really like this song . . It 's about a day being perfect , no matter what5 happened , just because the person you love is with you11 . Measure of a Man - OMG Instant fave !!!!! The lyrics are the best in the CD and you 'll fall in love with the song . It 's about what really matter in a person . He sings it SOOO well !!! 12 . Touch - my least fave ... the lyrics are n't great and the vocals are okay ... Buy this album ! It is really really awesome !!!!!
 This album really is a 5-star album ! Jaan does not know what she is talking about , so do n't look at her review . Why amazon.com hired her is still undecided . Ruben Studdard , winner of American Idol , is also good . Not my taste , but no one can doubt that he has an amazing voice . Clay is already know Nation / World-wide , but Ruben , not so much . I am expecting to see more of Ruben this year -LRB- not that I wo n't change the channel ... -RRB- and some more of Clay . Clay is undoubtly great and this album is amazing . Buy some albums for the V-day challenge of getting Clay back to # 1 !
 Thank you Clay for such wonderful music ! I truly enjoy listening to ALL of the songs . The Way is Clays next single and it will be released with Solitaire , so check that out soon to be coming out ! I am so happy to be able to hear Clay 's wonderful voice !! I highly recommend !!!!
 I just wanted to let all of you know that this review is designed for those who actually own the CD and either like or dislike it . Please use it for that purpose only and do n't bash an artist on here just because you do n't like them . These artist have worked hard to get where they are today . I think we should at least acknowledge that and show some respect . Please if you do n't have the CD or have n't heard it , do n't post a review !
 Well , the charts showed it , we have our true American Idol . He will stun you with this album , trust me . With such songs as Invisible , Measure of a man , I will carry you and No more sad songs , it will not disapoint you at all . He sings every note wonderfully that leaves you with a certain awe . Mostly every song is catchy , and will keep you humming it at least all day long , -LRB- If not at night too ! -RRB- Once again Clay has done it again , and it 's WONDERFUL we actually have someone who is seriously an awesome singer in this music business , thank you American Idol .
 I did not watch American Idol , but was introduced to this album by a friend of mine whom I carpool with . After hearing it the first day , I bought my own . This man 's voice is so powerful and pure . The songs are nothing groundbreaking but the vocalist is . Best tracks are Measure of a Man -LRB- I swear I can not hear this track without getting chills , he is that good -RRB- and Run to Me . There is NOT a dud on the album . I can not wait for this man 's next album .
 I am a British Clay fan , and I have been waiting for this album to become available ever since I first decided to tune in to the show , just to see how it compared to our own version . I thought Clay was a winner right from the start , and no one could listen to this album and not find something to enjoy . I have even bought my mother a copy for christmas ! More of the same please Clay , and sooner rather than later please .
 Billboard Magazine has said this about ` Measure of a Man ' ... `` Clay Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man '' is the best pop album of 2003 . Every song , every note is brimming with ambition and glory '' . have to agree with them ! The songs on this album display emotions that many have experienced ... the hopelessness of unrequited love in ` Invisible ' , the hurt and bitterness of a broken relationship in ' I Survived You ' , and the euphoria of new love in ` Perfect Day ' . If this is just Clay Aiken 's debut album , I ca n't wait to see what comes next because it will be hard to top this !
 Bought both Clay Aiken 's CDs and find that all of the songs measure up to enjoyable listening . Clay 's voice easily reaches the high notes without the usual straining that most artists have to do . With Bobby Hatfield now gone , Clay Aiken could easily sing Hatfield 's parts on any Righteous Bros. music . His voice 's wide range could mean a lasting career as he can cross between Pop and Easy Listening music .
 I was so pleased with this CD when I listened to it . His voice is amazing and the songs are great too . I highly recommend it .
 WOW , that is all i can say ! This is the best CD I have ever heard , and I am 16 so i have heard a lot of different music . But ever since I saw Clay on American Idol , I fell inlove with him . I still do n't know how Ruben won , but Clay certainly has what it takes to be on the top ! So again , WOW ! You must buy this CD !
 Usually I have to listen to a CD a bunch of times before I like it . . BUT this CD takes just one time of listening , to fall in love with it . Clay is the best and I hope he sells millions . . he REALLY deserves it !! : -RRB- Carol
 This 46 year old married male is stunned to be honest.Never , ever , have I owned an album , tape , CD , whatever where EVERY single track has something for me.I 've been a Clay follower since his early days at AI and he continues to amaze me every single time that I listen to him.Is it too early to look forward to his next CD ?
 i have been rooting for clay since his audition and i have loved every song he has sang . . so i knew that his album was going to be great . . no . . unbelievable ... every song in this cd is powerful . . his voice is of course amazing . . i think everyone should have this album .
 This CD is much better than I expected . I bought because I watched the show and wanted to keep the Clay-momentum going , but did n't expect more than fluff.The CD is enjoyable from beginning to end . Normally , there is at least one or two songs that I skip over - even on some of my favorite CD by my favorite artist ! But , this one is not like that . I have to admit I am tired of This is the Night , but that 's because I heard it so much following AI2.Clay 's voice is strong and makes you scratch your head and say `` Ruben who ? ''
 What can I say I love this CD . It seems like the few people who do n't like it like the music I hate . It seems like in a world with so much violence that the music that relates violence and sex is what people want to hear and if you like that type of music you are right you probably wo n't like this cd.But have an open mind , listen to it , you might be surprised.I love this cd and this young man . The cd is full of beautiful songs with emotions I can relate to . If you just do n't like it , that 's ok , but please do n't put people down because they do like it , it seems like every bad review I have read states that something is wrong with us that do like it . people have different taste , lets all respect that.But again try the cd you may be surprised .
 This album is absolutely fantastic ! It is one of the best I have heard in years . There are so many great songs , several of which I think can go to # 1 . Congratulations , Clay - great first album !
 Measure of a Man is by far one of the best cds I have purchased this year . Clay has worked so hard on it and it is showed through the songs . Each one has emotion and character and really makes a statement . He may not have won the votes on `` AMERICAN IDOL '' but he has won the hearts of millions across the world ! Clay 's music is nice and relaxing and safe for people of all ages to listen to . This cd is definently deserving of the double platinum title it earned . YOU GO CLAY !
 At first i was quite sad about the CD . It did n't capture my attention when i first played it . However I decided to give it another chance ... and I really enjoy it . It is something that grows on you and I think that clay did a wonderful job .
 Clay Aiken is surely a stand out in today 's music landscape . I am a major fan of music all the way up to the early 90 's , when I dropped out as a consumer as musical trends changed . I used to listen to great music by the Eagles , Journey , Peter Gabriel , David Bowie , the Beatles , Queen , Prince , Hall and Oates , Billy Joel , the Eurythmics , Tears For Fears . When the fad turned to rap , hip hop -LRB- Eminem and the lot -RRB- , boy bands and young pop divas -- I stopped listening -LRB- but for what I had in my collection -RRB- . Clay -- his voice and his music -- is what is taking me out of hibernation into purchasing music again . All the songs on this CD are pleasant and reminiscent of the music I have always enjoyed , and I am hoping that Clay will bring back pop/rock to the way I remembered it to be . My favorite songs on this CD are SHINE and PERFECT DAY -- which have a Beatles flavor to it . Other songs bring flashbacks of Freddy Mercury , Chicago , even Journey . Love this CD and thank you Clay for making me excited about music again !
 Thank you Clay . What an absolutely brilliant CD . I absolutely love this CD and I honestly believe these songs were written just for him . It is a little hard to finish it though because everytime a song comes on I have to replay it so it takes me twice as long to finish it . This is a must have . I can not wait to see his video . This CD is worth every single penny .
 Oh My God ! This album is so amazing . I bought it the day it came out -LRB- was at the store 7 minutes after it opened -RRB- and after listening to the first song , I nearly passed out . Clay really proves that he should have been the winner of AI . All of his songs are amazing and really touch the heart . AI should be kicking themselves for making Ruben the winner . I do n't care if they said that people voted , AI set it up so Ruben could win and now they will live to regret that desision . I can not wait for the tour !
 Let me clean up this board . -LSB- ... -RSB- Clay Aiken 's career is definitely not over ; he is just getting started . Clay Aiken is about to embark on his 2nd annual Christmas Tour , which is the 6th tour in his career so far . Clay Aiken is loved by millions of women for different reasons . I think the # 1 reason is his beautiful voice which gives me chills and touches my heart . Clay Aiken is definitely not gay . Clay Aiken 's music is really great and is so entertaining . Clay Aiken is the greatest singer I have ever heard . He is the total package in that he does not just sing words . He emotes each lyrical note and makes it his own . Clay Aiken Rules !!!
 Clay 's voice just soothes . I love the way he sounds . His vocal talent is incredible . The critiques can say all they want but they ca n't sway true Clay fans.In Singapore , we had simultaneous release with US and the record stores are saying that the sales are overwhelming . We in Singapore could n't vote for Clay in AI but we are voting for him with our money.This is one happy Clay fan . When is the next one coming Clay ? We ca n't wait !
 Love the variety of songs that display Clay 's talent from ballads to up-tempo songs . Fantastic job on Invisible , The Way , Perfect Day and Shine . Clay has real talent and shows that he has a powerful voice . Great job for a first CD , he will only get better in the future .
 This is quite possibly my favorite album of all time . Sometimes I take it out of my cd player and put in something different , and then I just find myself wanting to put Clay 's cd back in ! His songs are so relaxing and uplifting , and he has the most amazing voice I have ever heard . I promise you will not be disappointed if you buy this CD , and anything else Clay has released . On top of that , Clay is a wonderful person who deserves our support.Let 's all hope that Clay gets some Grammy nominations so Hilary Miller will jump off a cliff like she said she would ! And by the way , Hilary , Clay 's fans are NOT all preteen girls . I happen to be 25 , and I know of MANY other fans who are even older than me . It sounds to me like you are the one who is an immature preteen girl ! If you are trying to bring down Clay 's rating by writing all of these negative reviews , it is n't going to work , because for every negative review you write , Clay 's fans will write more and more 5-star positive reviews ! Your hateful reviews are n't going to persuade people not to buy Clay 's CD , so get a life and GET LOST !
 Every song clay sings he sings better , this cd is tribute to his fans . Listening to each song puts me in a part of my life ! His voice is magic and I can not wait for his christmas cd to come out . His single Solitaire/the way is also awesome . Thank you clay , your fans will never leave you , we are here for you . Keep the cds and the tours coming .
 I wanted to say that I think this album is one of the best that I own and I have around 400 cd 's . There is a true richness to Clay 's voice that few people have . In a time where the emphasis is on the exterior persona and not talent , it is great to see that a true vocalist can excel . The songs are well written and the delivery is superb . You need to buy this album . Anyone who is tired of the lip-syncing , booty-shaking , no-talent music that is out there now , BUY THIS CD ! You wont regret it !
 Clay Aiken was one of the people to have been on American Idol , and let me say , he can really sing ! He has the voice that almost everyone would just love and the song , `` Invisibile '' is a total smash hit ! No questions asked ! His vocal ability on each song on this album is a real good one , and I am so glad that Clay was actually able to record an album that sounds so good !
 Very excellent quality ! Packaging was super . Swift delivery.The item was outstanding . Splendid packaging . Quick to send.Quality of item was super . Quick delivery . Superb packaging.Excellent quality . Quick to send . Packaging was exceptional.Item good ! Superb packaging . Very , very first-rate delivery.The item was splendid . Good packaging . Very speedy delivery.Quality of item was good ! Splendid packaging . Swift to send.Item super . Packaging was fantastic . Delivery was excellent.Exceptional quality ! Packaging was splendid . Quick delivery.Item superior ! The packaging was very lovely . Quick to send .
 Thank you so much for this cd !! I LOVE all of the songs !!! My goodness , I listen to it all day !!!
 Clay Aiken does not disappoint with his amazing debut albumn . Any music enthusiast will greatly appreciate if not love this CD .
 Clay Aiken came out with a pop friendly style , offering 11 new songs which are immediately ear friendly and catchy . The diversity of this singer is amazing in that we loved his `` shades of Elvis '' deep voice on `` Bridge over Troubled Water '' for one and now he also gives us a stylish sound filled with emotion and depth . There are so many great songs I can not single one out . I love this album more each time I listen to it ; my favorite song changes everyday . The only problem is that this CD makes me want more Clay and now I have to wait for his next CD release !
 I love all the songs included in this CD - Clay Aiken 's Measure of a Man . When I listen to it , I do n't want to skip any of the songs . They all sound perfect to me ! I 've been listening to it on my way to work every morning . Do n't believe the negative reviews . Buy and listen to it , it 's worth the $ $ you pay for it .
 Wonderful CD . Have n't enjoyed a CD as much as I have been enjoying this one in many years . I look forward to your next one .
 This is by far , with out a doubt , the BEST CD I HAVE EVER BOUGHT ! Hands down !!! I have never bought any cd where I listen from track 1 all the way through to track 12 . Every song is a beautiful masterpeice of Clay Aikens great voice .
 This has to be one of the BEST CD 's I have heard in a long time . The music is heartfelt , with a pop sound . It will be HUGE Hit .
 FANTASTIC !!!! I 'm AMAZED anyone could say they were disappointed in this cd . The ONLY disappointment is that it leaves you wanting more and GREATLY ANTICIPATING THE NEXT CD !! I want the next one NOW !!! Clay Aiken has such an amazing voice . You get lost is the beautiful lyrics . A MUST BUY !!
 I love this CD . It is brimming with songs that showcase Aiken 's powerful voice . The more I listen to it , the more I love it ! I think it is the best CD of the year !
 I love this CD so much because it 's such a difference from the American Idol show . He shows here that he can sing anything . I love his power ballads also but Im sure that they will be on one of his next cds . Im looking forward to buying his `` Greatest Hits-Volume 5 someday . What does that tell ya . Go Clay
 Clay Aiken has the greatest voice ever !!!!!! I give all his songs 5 stars . Clay Aiken is all aroud good guy . I would tell every body to get this CD , You will be very happy with this CD . I ca n't wait for the other CD he is going to have out . I LOVE this CD . Clay Aiken will be around for a long time to come . GO Clay !!!!
 Run do not walk to buy this cd . Clay Aiken transends all time . His voice is the voice of an angel , breathtaking , and hes articulate . Thank you clay , I can not wait for your christmas cd . You are the superstar of our time .
 I purchased this album when it was first released . I still listen to it over and over , and I like every song . Ca n't wait until Clay releases another album .
 This CD is pretty darn good for a first effort from someone who came out of no where . He should have been the American Idol without a doubt . I have always been a Clay fan . He has an outstanding voice and should only get better . Why ca n't some of you people just write your review and stop slandering others that do n't agree with you . All that does is make your review meaningless . Just write your review and let others have their opinion . Clay is a nice , clean cut guy . What a refreshing change from some of the artists today . So much of the music today is n't fit to listen to . Way to go Clay !
 First let me say I agree with the Nov 20 review by Toni M. Harris . Also , would like to point out that the reviewers who give this album 1 star tend to also blast the people who like the cd - that alone can tell you how much credit to give their review . Personally , I like all types of music , hard rock , soft rock , rap , country , etc. . In my opinion , Clay Aiken has a beautiful voice . Even though the songs on this album are weak and do n't fully showcase his range , the more I listen to it the more I like it . It 's great to listen to , to sing with , to just enjoy the voice . This talented man has much potential given the right grooming and stronger material . If you truly love music as a whole , buy this CD and play it more than once -- I feel certain you will like it and want more . Could n't give it less than 4 stars because I 've not stop playing it since I bought it .
 I have purchased at least 5 copies of this CD by Clay Aiken . I also have posted a review previously but just had to post another . Every time I play the CD -LRB- which by the way is at least twice daily -RRB- I love it more and more ! I plan on giving it as Christmas Gifts to friends and family and plan on buying a few more for a couple of friends I foregot . Anyway , this CD is FANTASTIC , AMAZING and worth every penny !! The songs are wonderful and every time you listen to the entire CD the more you want to play it over and over again !! Each song is sung beautifully by Clay and it is about time that we now have music from an artist that we can listen to and be proud of . I can not pick a favorite song as I love them all equally . Each song has it 's own special meaning and is sung by Clay with such feeling and fabalous vocal ability ! Never have I owned a CD with songs that you can actually sing along , relate to and understand each and every word -- what a pleasure!For those people who have given negative reviews of this CD I say to them `` you probably did not listen to the entire CD or are just RUBEN STUDDARD fans . '' Nonetheless , I suggest that you listen again and review it fairly and without prejudice . Also , there is no need to attach Clay Aiken on his looks as that is not the reason for the reviews here -- it is the MUSIC and CONTENT of the CD only . There has to be a good reason why Billboard said that this CD was the `` BEST POP ALBUM OF 2003 '' . The bottom line here , BUY this CD for yourself and for your friends and family as I am sure that you will enojoy it !
 What a voice !!! Ca n't believe he lost on American Idol but he 's a definite winner with me . Absolutely LOVE the song `` The Way '' but all the songs are great to listen and sing along to . Makes any drive in the car a pleasure no matter the traffic !
 To begin with I am a huge Aiken fan , but my first reaction to this cd was disappointment . so much that i could not even listen to any of the songs except for The Touch and Measure of a Man . I was expecting the voice that had blown me away in AI2 but felt that the Clay voice that I fell in love with was missing here.well since I purchased 2 cd 's and after reading all these reviews I thought why not listen to it again and again and give it a chance . I did so last night and I must admit it was like falling in love w / someone in a slow but sure way . most of the songs are not that bad really and can really grow on you , some are even inspirational like Shine and I Will Carry You . I ca n't believe how I am beginning to love the songs in this cd . they really sort of grow on you , though I must say that they are not even the best songs in terms of musical arrangement cos some sound really overproduced . I Will Survive You is so haunting I think and touches me esp . since I know that he may be singing that relating to his own pain and issues w / his birth father . it can get very personal for me too and makes me cry . what a tearjerker for all of us who has been through our own pain and surviving it . INvisible is really not for me though I know that Clay performs that song in concert w / so much passion and soul that it can blow you away . Now I can hardly wait to see him in his first solo concert . Hope it will be soon.He is such an amazing performer live and now I can see that he is also showing how he can grow and evolve into a really great recording artist and still wow his legion of fans w / his awesome stage presence.This album though it does n't showcase the best of what Clay has to offer is not bad for a first one . It 's just the first and I know that Clay being such a smart man will learn from this and take note of all the feedback and will hopefully come out w / a even better cd the second time around . I strongly believe that he should be working w / only the best of songwriters and musical arrangers in his future endeavors . ANd I must say that I am still disappointed that they did not deliver what they said would be included like a full version of Solitaire and Carol Bayer Sager 's When I Need You . The next one should include a few old favorites so even the older fans has something to enjoy right away w/out that initial disappointment.I rate this cd 4 stars for Clay 's performance .
 Clay Aiken has made an cd that holds you spell bound . Each song , stirs the soul . His voice is angelic . You can understand the words and after 2 or 3 listens you start singing the songs and knowing the words . Easy listening .
 His voice is so amazing . I absolutely love it . He is on his way to becoming an international superstar . Wait ; he already is !!! Clay Aiken is a sensational entertainer , also . Clay Aiken is the true `` Measure Of A Man '' in that he gives to so many charities ; he has his own charity called the `` Bubel-Aiken '' Foundation which helps kids with special needs , unlike other Idol contestants who just care about themselves and promoting themselves in selfish ways like Kelly Clarkson . Clay Aiken is the best singer ever !!!
 the cd is great my spouse and i really enjoy it very much cause we had a hard time finding this but we are happy that we have our own copy now ...
 Clay Aiken makes a stunning debut on his first album ` Measure of a Man ' . This CD sold over 600,000 copies in the first week of release in the USA , and it 's easy to see why . Clay 's vocals have to be heard to be believed . His version of the Neil Sedaka classic ` Solitaire ' is amazing , and he makes this song his own . Other stand-outs are ` The`Way ' , ` Invisible ' , ` Run to Me ' , ` Perfect Day ' and the title track ` Measure of a Man ' . You ca n't go wrong with this album .
 Clay Aiken 's debut ... I was n't sure what to think , I tried to stay away from American Idol records but when I heard `` Invisible '' on the radio , my resolve melted and I purchased the cd ... and I 'm very glad I did :-RRB- . Clay has a beautiful/powerful voice ... unlike some artists out there , he 's truly talented . He puts his heart and soul into each and every song ... There is n't one song on this that I hate.Once he draws you in , you wo n't let go :-RRB- . No offense to Ruben fans , but I believe Clay should 've won the contest.I could n't recommend this CD any higher , I believe Clay will be around for a long time to come :-RRB- .
 Mesmerizing vocals , meaningful songs , and outstanding pop music arrangements is what this CD is all about . I love Clay Aiken 's singing !!! I love this CD , and you will too .
 This CD is amazing ! Normally when you think of a TV made pop star , you do n't expect it to be that good , but Clay is definitely THAT good ! He should have won ! But I have listened to this CD at least 20 times and everytime , it just gets better . I know all of his songs by heart and the lyrics are so powerful . I recommend this CD to everyone !
 All of this and more from a man who has the voice of an angel . Clay hits a homerun with songs that affect you in everyday life . Hes extremely talented , his honey tenor voice makes you melt for anticipation for the next song . Thank you Clay and Can not wait for your next CD ! Biding my time to preorder your new Christmas CD which will be out in October !
 Clay should 've won the competition in the first place . When he sang Bridge over troubled waters at last years finals I was certain that song was the ticket to 1st place.But regardless of the outcome , he is and will remain a great singer.That is one of the many reason he is more successful then the big guy who won last years competition.This album is a must for every Clay Aiken fan out there.Keep up the good work Clay , for this fan of yours wants to hear more great songs by this powerful voice .
 This CD is awsome ! . I can listen to it for almost two hours over and over again . His songs never get old ! He represents what famous people should present to the society . It does n't always have to be about sex . He 's just someone who 's proud of who he is . His songs are peppy , and upbeat . His vision of soiltare is awsome .
 Clay 's CD is absolutely awesome !!! I 've watched American Idol both seasons , 1 and 2 , -LRB- on # 1 Tamyra Gray should have won , not Kelly Clarkson -RRB- -LRB- and on # 2 Clay should have one , not Ruben -RRB- . Clay has the most wonderful voice and range ... reminds me of Harry Connick Jr. ... the songs on `` Measure of a Man '' are wonderful , especially `` Invisible '' , but really all of them are his own style and he 's very humble about it . It went double Platinum and # 1 on the Billboard charts ... GO CLAY !!!! Keep your CD 's coming , and that voice you have is a pure rarity . God has found our next Sinatra of THIS century .
 Perfection ! The whole family loves the CD and him ! You dont need your skip button with this CD .
 Clay is the REAL winner of American Idol 2 and this cd is proof - a truly great voice for many years to come
 I was prepared to love this CD before it came out because I love to listen to Clay sing anything . It 's one of the few CD 's / albums I 've ever heard that I do n't want to skip any songs , and have several favorites that I think would also play well on the radio , if given the chance . I 've heard other reviews of `` too sappy '' , `` vanilla '' , etc. , but I do n't see that . Just good songs -LRB- do n't all songs have cliches ? -RRB- catchy tunes , and of course , Clay 's powerhouse voice , which always makes me smile . The only reason I did n't give it five stars is not Clay 's fault . It 's because on a couple songs , such as `` Run to Me '' , the background music tends to drown out Clay 's voice , and THAT 'S what I want to hear . Other than that , I would tell everyone to buy this album and I would gush about it , and Clay as I always do when I get the chance .
 Oh My gosh , what a great album , the music , lyrics and the way Clay emotes on each song is so great . I think it is so different from other pop/rock albums out there , what a nice change , and you can hear the words and they are beautiful . In a way its like songs should be , they make you feel , and groove to them too . Everyone will have their favorites off this cd , but for me I like every single one , for different reasons , but if I had to choose , it would be Measure of a Man , it makes you cry !!!
 Great album ; love Invisible and Measure of a Man . He 's also a refreshing personality in music , a clean-cut guy who has strong beliefs and a strong faith . We need more like him .
 To correct the record -- Clay did n't receive any Grammy nominations because his CD was released two weeks after the cut-off date for this year 's nominations . Whether he receives any next year remains to be seen . Just for pure listening enjoyment , it 's a great first CD and he 's certain to get bigger over time .
 I LIKE CLAY AIKEN EVENTHOUGH I WAS A HUGE AMERICAN IDOL FANMAYBE I SHOULD PICK UP A COPY OF MEASSURE OF A MAN
 I am very conservative when shelling out $ $ $ for new CDs and decided that Clay Aiken 's premier CD was worth buying new . Now I find myself playing it over and over again . Three of the tracks stand out for me -LRB- Measure of a Man , Run to Me , I Survived You -RRB- . I like all of the others , though one track has weak music/lyrics in my opinion -LRB- still , Aiken does an admirable job it -RRB- . One of the best reviews I heard of Clay Aiken , by one of the guest AI judges , is that when he sings a song , he makes it his own . Clay has a sound like no one else and this CD has not disappointed me . I look forward to enjoying this CD for many years .
 I think Clay 's CD is ABSOLUTELY GREAT!I listen to it every day . I would just like to make a point to all the Clay bashers/Ruben Studdards ' fans out there . You had BETTER WATCH OUT ! If you are intentionally trying to bash Clays ' CD to lower its ratings , then you should prepare yourselves for when Ruben 's CD comes out . Clay 's fans far out number Rubens ' fans and when push comes to shove ... . What 's that saying WHAT GOES AROUND , COMES AROUND !? Grow up , take your toys and go home . Oh and by the way Clay 's CD is doing just great despite your rude comments .
 I expected Clay Aiken 's CD to be good after listening to him on American Idol , and then I read some very negative reviews of his debut CD . I wondered what happened to the guy with the great voice ? I was so dismayed , but I bought the CD anyway . I have to wonder if these critics even listened to a single song on this CD . They could not have been listening to the same CD that I bought . This CD is amazing ! I had no idea he could take orginal songs like these and make them sound as good as he did with the classics he sang on TV . Each song is delivered with so much emotion that I feel like he is singing directly to me . I can not stop listening to this CD . Each day I change my mind about which song is my favorite . I have never before bought a CD where I loved every song on it . Well , now I have !
 There is hardly a minute it seems each day that one of Clay 's songs is n't going through my head . According to my husband -LRB- who 's getting totally pissed and keeps bringing up Shania Twain -RRB- , I 'm obsessed . For once , we agree on something ! Having missed Beatlemania , I guess I am going through Claymania as I can now relate to what those fans went through . And we 've only seen the beginning ! This is the second review I 've written . Has Amazon ever seen so many reviews for an artist ? I can only imagine what Clay is capable of . The classic songs we loved hearing him sing on American Idol will soon be replaced by new classics ; perhaps he 'll even write them . The songs on this CD are not what I 'm talking about . Though they are all great , this CD was just an appetizer . People around the world are going to hunger for Clay . I hope he does a Christmas album soon , if not this year . It will be beyond compare . If he sang Christian contemporary , I 'm sure he 'd save alot of souls , but I hope he does n't go that route - he can reach more people if he stays mainstream . You know how people say that he could sing anything - well I 'm sure if he were to sing the alphabet , alot of babies would know their ABCs before they cut their first tooth ! If I were to die tomorrow , I would die happier knowing that I had the opportunity to hear his beautiful and amazing voice .
 This is one of the best albums that has been released in a long time . Clay Aiken has the most incredible voice I have EVER heard ! The songs on this album are well suited to his voice . `` Invisible '' is the first single . I liked this song the first time I heard Clay sing it live at the Atlanta AI2 concert . This is a very catchy up-tempo song that lets him prove he can sing radio-friendly hits . `` No More Sad Songs '' and `` I Survived You '' are something different for Clay . These are `` you did me wrong '' songs , and Clay delivers them perfectly . You can hear the angst and hurt in his voice . They are great because they show a side of him that we have n't seen before . `` Shine '' and `` Perfect Day '' are a bit reminiscent of the Beatles sound . They are happy songs but nothing too sugary . `` Measure of a Man '' and `` This Is The Night '' are the power ballads that someone would expect from Clay , and he does not disappoint . He sings them with the power and range he showed on AI2 ... only better . `` Measure of a Man '' has a wonderful message that hopefully people will `` hear '' . I hope people will use this when measuring Clay.My two favorites are `` The Way '' and `` Touch '' . `` The Way '' is a beautiful love song . It 's not really a power ballad . It 's soft and romantic , but radio-friendly . Hopefully , this will be the second single . `` Touch '' is AWESOME ! Who knew Clay Aiken could sing Latin rhythms ? This song is very sensual , and Clay uses every bit of emotion he has with this one . It 's an up-tempo Latin rhythm and will definitely be a HIT !! I have been a Clay fan since the Wildcard show of AI2 , and this song surprised even me . Clay blows me away everytime I hear it !! This cd does NOT disappoint . The title is appropriate , because Clay definitely measures up !! Thank you Clay for an incredible collection !!
 I hate pop , let me say that again , i really detest pop , radio pop , the cheesy , schmaltzy pop they try to pass of as music . Pop so bad it consists mostly of electronic beats to mask the singer 's thinnier than air voice . However , Clay 's cd got me excited ! For one i did not expect it to be as pop as it is . Instead i thought i would get a cd chock full of powerhouse-gut belting songs that displays clay 's incredile vocal range.However Measure of a Man is NOT conventional pop , Clay 's incredile voice , the richness and the fullness of his voice shines in this album . Many music critics have called this album bland , generic , cookie cutter etc. . But that 's because they probably expected the same thing i did and evaluated it according to their expectations . Clay 's album is understated , melodious and pop . Not generic , bland or cookie cutter , that 's Brittany 's new album , not Clay 's . This album has excellent production too , i love the electronic beats on some of them.gave it 4 stars because , well , i did n't like invisible that much . It was too radio ditty made for me . But the way , measure of a man , perfect day , when you say you love me ALL make up for it . PLus there is ALWAYS room for improvement.A definite buy , i 'm wearing mine out already !
 The wait is over
 I am outraged that you are still leaving that inacurate review byJaan up for people to read . It is like Amazon.Com telling all ofMr . Aikens fans and people who have bought his CD , many of us from your company , that we are shallow , have no taste in musicand idiots for loving this magnificient CD . When did Amazon.Combecome the Music Police ? It is your function to have the merchandise for sale , we buy it , you ship it and then you shouldshut up . It is then up to us to say how we feel about the musicwe have bought . It is not your place to have a music critic review any CD . Music is like art , it is subjective and is in theeye or ear of the beholder . I am insulted that you even put thatreview up . I think Mr. Aiken and all of his fans deserve anapology for this miserable and biased review from Jaan and Amazon.Com . If not I know I will be cancelling the current orderI have with your Company and reccomend others do the same , I amsure you will understand that if nothing else . So SELL IT , SHIPIT AND SHUT UP !!!
 Loved Clay , Ruben and Kimberley -LRB- Locke -RRB- on American Idol . All 3 a very talented vocally . I 'm 45 and from the FM-radio generation ! Therefore this album is a perfect fit with my listening style -- adult contemporary . You can have it up loud , you can have it low and in the background and it is fine . Nicely produced , music is good , songs flow well and are well-suited to Clay 's vocal range and singing style.Simon Cowell was SO wrong to relegate Clay to `` lounge singer '' status . As a mature listener , after hearing Clay a couple of times on the show , I knew that he was n't the `` American Idol '' in the sense that we see these young pop stars today that have minimal talent and are created and packaged by the industry . I am no talent scout , but a I am the one plunking down the $ 20 for the CD and I know what I 'm willing to plunk that $ 20 down for . Regardless of what the judges said , I knew that I had to hear more of `` that voice '' and I knew that I would definitely buy Clay 's first album.The powers that be in the industry need to wake up and realize that they 'd better start listening to what people want and stop giving us what they THINK we want ! 2700 + people have averaged 4-1/2 stars on Clay 's album -LRB- Amazon.com -RRB- ! We 're not stupid and we have n't been bribed -- we genuinely appreciate hearing some REAL talent for a change!Thank you Clay . You have a fabulous talent . Hope you 're working on that next CD -- you will be a big star one day in my book !
 I loved this CD with its beautiful music and Clay 's pure voice . Very enjoyable and its songs are sure to lift you up when you 're down . You wo n't be dissapointed !
 To be honest i have never acutually seen season 2 so i would have no clue if he is better than ruben but one day a few of my friends started talking about american idol season 2 and they all said how good clay was . the next day i got a gift card because of my birthday so i decided to spend it on this cd and i can tell you he is one of the best singers i have ever heard . now i know i never heard ruben sing so i have absoloutly no idea if he is better than ruben but i know know this cd brings out his vocals very well . so i suggest if you voted for him on american idol you should definently buy this cd !
 This is by far the most entertaining and the most exciting debut CD by a male musical artist that I have ever listened to , bought , and owned . Each song gives me chills and moves me ; Clay Aiken 's voice is like no other -- it is FANTASTIC . Five of my favorite songs on the CD are
 Amazing ! I waited outside Kmart this morning to buy this ... with wet hair and no make up . :-RRB- I 've been waiting impatiently for this release , and I 'll be the first to say that it was worth the wait ! A refreshing sound and a `` reach out and touch you '' feel . I especially enjoy the mix of classic `` Clay type '' ballads with some new and upbeat songs . I really like all of the tracks but the title track `` Measure of a Man '' is my favorite . Buy this ... you wo n't be disappointed !
 Alas ! One of the best produced album I have heard in a long time . Aiken 's range is just AWESOME ! What a performer ! A true artist in his own rights . Every song is so thudworthy and left me with a desire to long for the next album .
 This is the best pop albumn of 2003 . Clay 's voice is purely magnificent . I truly love every song in it . Measure of a man would definitely be a hit .
 Awesome , Excellent , Drop Dead Gorgeous , Sexy , Witty , Gifted are just a few words to describe Clay . This CD was well worth the wait , I loved it .
 I think this cd has the potential to make a # 1 hit . It can cross all age barriers . He puts his heart and soul into it . I am totall impressed with many of the songs . I also think Perfect Day is great , along with Measure of a Man . And No More Sad Songs speaks to all . Needless to say Touch rocks.Clay has a wonderful aray of music on this Cd . I think he has a great future if they let him be himself . I hope they do n't try to push music on him that does not show his talent .
 I highly recommend this , fantastic songs . I think it a great thing that this young man is this talented and is a great role-model for kids to follow . And by the way , he can sing too !
 This album proves who the real winner was and there is n't one song I do n't like . If anyone has taste for good music then they need to get this album . I ca n't wait for a 2nd cd where he might be more involved in , which will make it 10 times better . This is all out a great album .
 Never in all of my life have I seen an album where every single song in it is good . That is , until now !!! Not only are all of the song selections good ; they are brilliant ! With this album you get the totally moving and inspirational Measure of a Man , along with upbeat , peppy songs such as Touch and Perfect Day . There is absolutely no way to determine which of these songs is my favorite ; I am in love with all of them . I expected great things from this CD , but I was totally blown away after hearing it . Three words for you
 I have been anticipating this CD since I first saw Clay Aiken . And it 's as amazing as I thought it would be . His voice is so amazing . It gives me chills . The CD is a must have for EVERYONE ! Clay is an awesome artist . This CD is definitely going to be my favorite .
 I am a Clay fan and have been waiting -LRB- impatiently -RRB- for this CD . I anticipated it would be good , but could not have imagined it would be THIS GOOD !!! My advice to you is rush to get this CD before there are n't any more available because it is awesome . You thought Clay was good before - wait until you hear this .
 Clay Aiken 's VOICE is the best I have ever heard . This last Spring my TV viewing centered around Tues. and Weds . evenings , not for American Idol , just to see Clay . He gave the most powerful professional performances . Could n't wait for his first full length CD . I was n't disappointed . Beautiful album . Original songs that he made his own . Ca n't choose a favorite because the album flows effortlessly from one to the next . Radio is starting to play Clay much more , so I feel that many of these songs could be chart toppers . Buy this CD . . hear a true talent .
 Yo , I may me a hardcore Rap and R&B fan this album is off da sheezy . Best songs The Way , The measure of a man , and Invisible . These songs get stuck in my head sing them in da shower , skool when im bored . Clay should be a grammy nomination hes definitly better than Justin Timberlake . I really am not a hard core fan of him ... but i truly respect his attitude . Even though he didnt win AI look how much better he is doin the Ruben . Ruben has a very good voice but his album really -LSB- messed -RSB- up his career . He better bounce bak with a better album or hes done for . This -- -LRB- Dont want stalkers noin me -RRB- sayin payce ya 'll and check out some R&B / Rap albums .
 Clay 's voice is a gift to us all . To those who have actually listened to this CD knows what I am talking about . Every song displays how talented this young man is . Its sad that some people choose to post their negative comments because its obvious that they have n't even listened to this cd . Billboard said , Best Pop Album of 2003 ! How right they are !
 Clay Aiken has a wonderful soothing clear powerful voice . His CD is upbeat and fresh without all the usual sexual overtones found in most songs . I would n't label it as romantic , but it deals with relationship issues . It 's an excellent CD to listen to in the car before work or while doing things around the house . It 's one you can let you kids listen to without wondering what they might hear . With Clive Davis producing you can expect even greater things in the future .
 This is a great album for those who like the Barry Manilow Ballads . . Clay 's first album is notable , and I ca n't wait to see him grow as an artist.A +
 I agree with everyone that Clay is a fantastic singer . He has quickly become a favourite with me due to his honest persona and amazing voice.I enjoyed the album , BUT in my opinion the songs are NOT well produced and almost sound hurredly put together . The tempo and wordy nature of the songs do not showcase Clay 's amazing voice as well as they should . Remember his renditions of Bridge over troubled waters , Solitaire , Open Arms and countless others on AI ? These songs truly showcased his talants to the fullest.Shame on you RCA for not giving such an amazing individual better writers and music . Someone of Clay 's maturity deserved more than this first collection of teenybopper songs . It is only due to his incredible voice that the album is worth being heard .
 Though I already knew and loved This Is The Night and Invisible , the other songs were totally knew to me . The more I listen , the more I like it . I Will Carry You and The Way have definite pop appeal . Shine has a Beatles ring to it . If You Said You Loved Me is very upbeat . All are memorable , with Clay 's beautiful voice and personality ringing through . This will be the first of MANY Clay albums !!!!
 If you like sappy ballads -LRB- like I do -RRB- , then you need to own this CD . It 's a combination of boyband meets monster ballads meets a christian singer . It 's awesome !
 I hope it 's not too late to try and persuade music listeners who like a good CD to buy this one . I have to admit I did n't go out and buy it right away , since I was watching critic reviews -LRB- some good , some not-so-good , but most middle-of-the-road -RRB- and also consumers ' reaction . -LRB- Although I did hear little tidbits of it from my daughter 's copy . -RRB- What I really noticed was the abundance of mostly positive reviews here at Amazon and MOAM 's position being consistently in the top 10 best-sellers that swayed me . I am sorry waited . This is a really good CD.I ca n't believe some people ca n't get past the `` writing '' and `` production '' of the songs and listen to the voice -- the voice is what really makes these songs work . What strikes me are the similarities between Clay Aiken 's style and Steve Perry 's of Journey - one of my favorite groups . I truly believe Steve Perry could record several of these songs and turn them into successful singles -- so why not Clay Aiken ?? I would honestly prefer his melodic voice to the raspy voices of some of today 's rock artists.At any rate , all I can say is as a debut effort , it is exceptional , and I think he will evolve into a SUPERIOR artist over time . GOOD MUSIC !!
 Allas , Simon Cowell is a distant memory , the American Idol stage is also a distant memory to Clay Aiken . Aiken is now on his own making his own music . And good music at that.Well , I 've had Clay Aiken 's album , Measure Of A Man , for quite a while now . To be honest , I have yet to find a song on his album that I truly dislike.But it pains me to give his album a 4 , instead of a 5 that it should have been given , what , with all the hype and what we saw him do on American Idol . I felt this album did not really showcase the true potential in Aiken 's voice . Yet , some of the songs hinted it , for example , `` The Way '' and `` Touch '' . I was impressed with Aiken 's song , `` Touch '' . It really proves that this man can sing just about anything you put in front of him and sound great . Its somewhat Latin , pop/rock vibe is a great way to end off the album.I was surprised that this album had a rock vibe to it . I expected to hear what Simon Cowell described as , `` Broadway '' . Speaking of Mr. Cowell , I 'm sure he just crindged when he saw the numbers that this album produced , hearing himself say something along the lines of Clay Aiken was n't and could n't be an American Idol over and over in his head . Shows what he knows!I await Clay Aiken 's next album for more stunning vocal performances , and perhaps a more personal touch to the album , lyricwise.If you have n't bought Measure Of A Man by now , what are you waiting for ?
 I think Clay 's CD is totally awesome and several members of my family have purchased copies . Their ages range from 18 to 51 . I just read a review written by Dolly Pence from Lillian , AL. and she said it like I felt when I read the ` negative ' reviews . These reviews did sound like these people were angry ! Obviously , they want Ruben to succeed and not Clay , however , the true results will be in the record sales.I continue to listen to Clay 's CD daily and enjoy it more and more each time I listen to it .
 I , like many others who have reviewed this CD , have been a Clay fan from the beginning of AI2 . I also was anxiously awaiting the release of the CD . I personally think it is one of the best CD 's in a long time.I normally listen to country but have played this over and over again and enjoy it more each time . It may not be the `` radio '' type music but it is music that transcends generations.I can understand that not everyone will like this CD . I do n't know of any CD that everyone can agree on and I am not a music critic nor a music expert but I know what I like . That 's why I 'm writing this review because I like the CD , and I like Clay Aiken for the singer and person that he is.If you like a nice wholesome guy with an absolutely awesome voice you will enjoy this CD . Just listen to it once or twice , if you do n't like it that 's your choice but do n't disregard it because of what someone else says . Make your own decision and your own choices . You wo n't be disappointed then !!
 This is a great CD . All the songs are nice . I love it . I listen to it all the time . Invisible is my favorite .
 I could n't wait to get Clay 's new CD . It was worth every penny . I have listened to the CD none stop . Clay is the American Idol in my Opinion . He 's got the Vocal Range and sings like an angel . Not only does he sing awesome but he 's got a heart of gold . Every interview I 've seen has been so wonderful . He 's a caring person . Clay will go far in life . Even if he does n't keep singing he will go far as a teacher . He 's got a lot to give . I hope he continues to sing . CLAY ALL THE WAY . I LOVE YOU CLAY .
 O.K. granted ... Clay Aiken could sing pages from the phone book and make them sound beautiful . But this CD is better than I could have imagined because ALL of the songs are great . That never happens . I waited such a long time for this CD to be released . The songs are gorgeous and soulful and even when you 're not listening to them they will run through your mind throughout the day . `` Run to Me '' is such a a romantic song . I am so glad that the music industry is getting the message . Enough with the hard edged angry trash talking violent shallow music . There is a huge market for talented singers who do n't sing about degrading women or violent homophobia . . are you listening Eminem ? Clay Aiken does n't even need the studio magicians to make his voice sound clear . His voice is an instrument . I will buy anything he produces and give them as gifts . I have n't taken this out of my CD player since I bought it . Buy it . Buy it New . . not used . Support Clay and his record sales . You wo n't be disappointed .
 If Im being completely honest , while I have been a HUGE clay fan since the beginning , I was a little skeptical about his first album because I couldnt imagine what type of `` pop '' songs he would be singing . Now that I have it , I cant listen to anything else ! It never leaves my CD player ! I love every song on it ! Clay has an incredible voice and each of the songs is completely wonderful !
 I love the CD ! He has a powerful and expressive voice . I also love the nice melodies . I think every song could be a hit !
 Best CD I ever bought . I love every song on the CD .
 It is very rare to buy a cd where you love every song on the album . Anyone buying this will never regret it . Outstanding voice .
 It 's easy to see why this guy lost a reality show over the likes of Ruben Studdard . Ruben S is more physically imposing , so of course America is going to pick that and be more politically correct . Let 's face it , Clay Aiken is not going to win any fashion and beauty awards . That said , he has an amazing voice that is very distinct . I listen to all kinds of music from Type O Negative to Norah Jones . Measure of a Man is good pop music . Here , Aiken gets a more contemporary sound . He actually sounds very soulful on many of the songs . His powerful voice is fully showcased , but not to the point that he sounds like a Broadway Superstar . He 's now a great pop recording artist . My favorite song on this album was Touch . There is something for everyone on this album .
 I do n't buy many CDs . It takes a lot to make me buy one , and this one has a lot to offer . The only drawback is that some of the lyrics just do n't grab me , but then again , I am not really partial to the lyrics of `` My Heart Will Go On '' and it 's one of my favorite favorite songs . For me , it 's all about the vocals and Clay 's vocals are awesome . I am already waiting for a second CD , while I wear this one out .
 The more I listen to this album , the more I like it.All along in American Idol , I had been listening to each of the candidates and thought `` which one would I be able to listen to a whole album of their singing ? '' Clay was always at the top of that list . And this album is proof that he can certainly deliver.This is a very consistent album , with songs that have you humming along after you 've heard them . While some of the songs are reminiscent of other styles -LRB- No More Sad Songs reminds me of some of Paul McCartney 's latter work , -RRB- I find that this album has some great songs that really show off Clay 's voice . Other favorite songs are Shine and I Survived You.I am definitely looking for more from this man in the future !
 This is the kind of album that gets better with each play . I do n't know what I expected , but every song could be a huge hit ! He delivers a message of a Joyful Life , a positive , strong reaction to any challenge.Clay Aiken has incredible voice control , perfect pitch , and a growling sexy low register that always surprises after such sweet sentiments . Those things do n't matter if he ca n't deliver on the rhythms , but the Measure of this Man is
 Clay Aiken has a voice that no one in the music industry can be compared . Without a doubt , he will become an icon in the industry . The CD is remarkable . The songs that can not be test listened to are the best on the CD . `` Touch '' should be the next single , it is upbeat , with a latin type feel , and Clay 's voice is so dam sexy singing it . `` Perfect Day '' , `` No More Sad Songs '' and `` Shine '' sound like Beatle or Journey songs . You can hear the harmony in the background very similiar to the Beatles sound . `` Measure of a Man '' in my opinion sounds like a movie track song ... beautifully done , and sung by Clay . This guy has a pair of musical pipes that will not be easily duplicated in the music industry today . This CD is definitely worth adding to your music collection . The other songs , are emotive , have a pop sound and are upbeat ballads . This CD is easily a 5 star and should be nominated for a grammy . Every song is catchy and tastefully performed .
 I am 24 years old and have n't been this excited about an artist/group since Oasis ! This is the only cd I listen to at the moment , and I 've become quite the fanatic . It bothers me that people write reviews when they have n't even listened to the cd . This cd has awakened something in me and 613,000 + . Please let us enjoy Clay , his great talent , his awe-inspiring message , and this fantastic cd .
 My favorite song changes every day and I have to say I really like them all . I think anything Clay sings sounds great !
 I bought this CD hoping it would be GREAT !!! I really liked Clay on American Idol ! My goodness , what a TREAT this cd is !! Clay sounds EVEN BETTER than on American Idol !! I play it over and over again ! I RECOMMEND Clay Aikens Measure of a Man !!! WOW !!!!
 This is the best CD I have ever had . You can listen straight through without skipping a song . It is truly a gift that Clay can make you feel every word he is singing . His voice brings me to musical heights.The Way - fantisic , a great Love SongRun To Me - What can I say while you are listening you think `` I am the girl he is singing to `` Shine - I think of my nephew who struggles daily to recover from addiction.Touch - Could you get a sexier song and then to have Clay sing it , not possible.Buy this CD you wo n't be disapointed .
 AWESOME!This guy sings like nobody 's business . He knows how to work every note . For a debut artist ... this CD is AMAZING ! I think he has the sweetest voice I have EVER heard . He soars!ALL of the songs are fantastic!If you are SICK of all the CRAP music that is out there today ... BUY THIS CD !!! Amazing !!! Congratulations to him on his double platinum !
 This album was completely amazing . every note was perfect , sung by Clay Aiken , and I listen to the CD over and over again , and have been for the past 2 weeks . I listen to it while I do homework . I listen to it while my mom drives me somewhere . I listen to it while I clean my room . Every chance I get I just listen to this great CD !! I highly , HIGHLY reccomend it to any Aiken fan who wants a taste of paradise !
 I really was looking forward to the release of this CD and must say was a little disappointed the first time I listened to it . I liked Invisible and This is the Night because they were familiar but was hoping for other songs Clay sang on American Idol . However , after listening to the CD several times , I ca n't decide which song is my favorite . I listen to it over and over at work . The thing that I find incredible is that I never get tired of listening to it like I do my other CDs . It gets better every time I hear it .
 If I could give it A HUNDRED stars , I would ! Clay awed us with his amazing voice on American Idol , but comes into his own with this phenomenal debut album that showcases not just his uniquely beautiful vocals but his versatility as well . Every track is a treasure that begs repeated listening , and Clay injects each song with raw emotion and style . It is no surprise at all that Measure Of A Man is enjoying phenomenal success -LRB- Double Platinum in its first week , no less -RRB- , and I have no doubt it will continue to set new records in sales and # 1 hits . Clay has always been a star , but now the whole world will get to share in the brilliance he exudes . Great job !
 Iloved the music that Clay sang on AI , but was a little apprehensive about what the style of music on his new CD would be . I need not have worried as I love every single track on it . Every song demonstrates his soaring , beautiful voice , and the appropriate emotion for each . I listen to it over and over and over . My particular favorites are No More Sad Songs and I Survived You , but every one is a winner . I predict a fantastic future for this young man .
 I just got Clay 's cd on Friday and I 'm happy to say that I 'm not disappointed in the least . The songs are wonderful and Clay as usual is superb ! Have listened to it several times already . My favorite song on the album -LRB- or rather the one that jumped out at me the first time I listened to the cd -RRB- is The Way followed by I Will Carry You .
 Clay Aiken 's long-awaited -LRB- shut up , it would have been long-awaited if it had come out the day after AI ended -RRB- debut album should surprise none . If you ask me , he 's evolving into a male Celine Dion -- long held notes , gorgeous pitch , soaring power ballads -- and dependability . It was obvious from my first listen that this CD was pretty much the same through and through . This may have earned Clay some thrashing when it came to the critics , but , really , what 's wrong with dependability when it comes in this amazing form?Let 's face it , we 've basically heard all of the CD already , so I 'll mention my favorites -- `` I Survived You '' , `` Perfect Day '' , `` Measure of a Man '' , and `` Touch '' . -LRB- `` Touch '' and `` Invisible '' are the most non-ballad-y songs on the CD -RRB- I especially love the MOAM bridge ; it 's absolutely haunting.At the end of the day , I would have loved this CD no matter what songs were on it , because it 's Clay . As it is , it 's a good album , but that 's really just a bonus . He has been blessed with a voice that can make awful , insipid songs sound beautiful . These songs are a bit predictable , and to some they may be boring , but they 're showcases for his vocal talent . On their own , okay , they 're not the best songs , but with his voice I have n't heard anything better in a very long time .
 Ok first off , this cd is INCREDIBLE , its the best cd I have listened to in such a long time . I can sit down and listen to every single song on this cd and not even think about skipping to the next . The piano background on a few of the songs goes very well with his voice , and I agree that a few of the songs are elton john ish . No more sad songs has got to be my favorite song on the cd . This is a must have for fans of ballads and elton john ish sort of music . buy it
 This is by far the best CD I have heard in YEARS !!! One fantastic song after another . There is n't one song on this cd that I do n't like . It 's impossible to pick a favorite because they are all so good . YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED IN THIS CD !!
 It looks like Kyle from Ferndale is having a problem . This person has about 10 negative reviews each for Clay and many other artists , while there are over 60 , 5-star reviews for Kelly Clarkson . This person is trying to promote Kelly Clarkson through his/her reviews for Measure of a man and other albums of other artists.It is sad to see these reviews being used for purposes other than what they are meant for !!! Amazon should take some action !!
 Clay Aiken is undeniably gifted . His voice cuts through each and every track on this slickly produced album , and often resonates with heart . The songs are a mixed lot , some innocuous -LRB- Invisible -RRB- and some expertly crafted pop music -LRB- Run To Me -RRB- . It 's an album for anyone who ever loved pure pop music -- from bubblegum to Johnny Mathis ; from Frank Sinatra to the Backstreet Boys . It 's a sweetly appealing mix of melodic hooks and well-sung power ballads . Go Clay !
 I usually only buy `` Best of '' or ... `` Greatest Hits '' because generally there are only a couple of songs that are truly worth listening to . Like so many others I was a little disappointed with this at first , but now I listen to it all the time . Initially the songs seemed so bland , but with each hearing I discover more and more layers . Right now my favorite is `` No More Sad Songs '' . It 's a bit `` edgier '' than the others and shows off both the range and power of Clay 's voice . `` The Way '' is quite romantic and `` When You Say You Love Me '' and `` Perfect Day '' are both catchy and singable.If you 're tired of what passes for Pop Music nowadays or have had enough of the Britney and Justin wannabes , this album may be for you . I did not like how Kelly Clarkson was packaged but they have hit the mark with this album!Clay will have to add more variety to his repertoire , but I have no doubt he can do it . He is talented and likeable and a breath of fresh air in the entertainment world .
 i was really impressed by this cd . i was actually thinking of buying another one instead but i 'm glad i chose to buy clay 's . it is awesome !
 I could not wait to lisen to Clay 's first album , and I was definitely not disappointed . He has a voice that I could listen to all day long . The songs he chose to sing were fantastic , and all different . Some say that they all sound alike , but I totally disagree . I do wish however , he included Solitare on this album , but hopefully he will include it on his next album . I am a claymate forever .
 Clay 's amazing talent truly shines through . None of the songs on the CD could ever be performed by anyone else , that I can think of , and sound this fantastic . There definitely is something magical about him . Absolutely love This is the Night , The Way , Measure of a Man , and Run to Me . If you are not a fanatical fan of Clay 's and are undecided about getting this CD , I would recommend it - this is the kind of CD that you can leave playing and not hear a bad track !
 i absolutely love this cd . i heard it was coming out soon ... but i wasnt sure if i was gon na go buy it or not . but then my uncle let me listen to it and i could not find a song i didnt like . my favorite is * The way * . all 12 songs are great and have wonderful lyrics . this is a must buy cd ! go and buy it , you 'll love it ! i am 17 years old and my whole family likes this cd , ranging from 5 years old , to 66 !!!!!!!!!!! so its great for all ages !
 I have been a Clay fan from the beginning of AI2 . It is easy to say that I love every song on this CD . For new fans especially , I will recommend that you listen to each song 3 or 4 times before deciding whether you like it or not . Each song has a special message that crawls into your head with the melody . Great effort for first CD album . Congratulations Clay !
 I think this is truly a wonderful CD . My favorites are Invisible , The Way , Shine , Measure Of A Man , and Touch.Clay is simply amazing ; I believe his voice is truly amazing . But I also believe we have not heard the best that Clay could be . I agree that the songs on this album do not necessarily do Clay justice . Irregardless , I am loving this CD !
 I love this album with all my heart ! Clay 's talent and voice are amazing ! He can make you believe the worst written songs are beautiful and you believe everything he says . `` Run To Me '' `` I Survived You '' and `` When You Say You Love Me '' are only some of the best songs on here , but really , all of them are perfect and amazing !!
 For the first time ever there is an album/cd where I can truthfully say I love every cut on the first listen . Clay 's soaring voice does justice to the both the ballads and the pop tunes . It 's impossible to pick a favorite cut because they are all so good .
 I thought the day would never come when Clay 's CD came out . I was hoping it would be worth it ... and IT WAS ! ` Invisible ' , ` Perfect Day ' and ' I Will Carry You ' will for sure be among his greatest hits ! There will be more , but I just have n't had time to listen to them all thoroughly ! And , of course , the bonus track ` This Is The Night ' is still a great song ! Great job , Clay !
 I absolutely love this album . It 's the first one I 've ever had where I actually like every single song on it . My favorites are Invisible , Perfect Day , Touch , Measure of A Man and The Way though they 're all great . My husband and all three kids -LRB- ages 11 , 10 and 8 -RRB- have their own and they have all been playing it nonstop since they got them . I highly recommend this CD . Clay did a great job and I ca n't wait to hear more from him !!
 I love this CD !! I think Clay is one talented artist , he sings every song with such emotion and power . Well worth the money I spent !! : - -RRB-
 I was expecting great things out of Clayton 's first cd , but this is better than I expected . He captures the true feeling of every song leaving the listener with chills and the feeling that he is singing to you . Great Album !
 Clay should have won American Idol . Everyone knows that . This cd will kill the sales of Ruben 's cd . I hope this cd is still in the top 5 when Ruben 's cd comes out . Go Clay . You are a true American Idol .
 This is , without a doubt , the best of the three American Idol solo CDs . Kelly 's was a major disappointment because she tried to sound more like Christina Aguilera than herself and the songs all sounded the same . Justin 's was just plain dreadful with poor song selection . I wanted to give Clay 's five stars but just could n't because of the song selection . It 's not that the songs are bad ; they are just all too pop-sounding . Yes , I like pop music , but must everything be geared towards 16-year-olds and for those who want Justin Timberlake or Britney Spears sound-alikes ! I do n't blame the artists who have the talent ; I blame Clay 's , Kelly 's and Justin 's management
 If a weightlifter is capable of lifting 800 pounds , what do you say to tournament organizers who give a maximum of 700 pounds to lift ? That in a nutshell is how I felt about the songs in this album . Most of them are quite pleasant to the ear but unfortunately do not highlight the potential of Clay Aiken 's voice . I have heard this guy sing and I know that he is capableof stretching his pipes even more than what these selections are giving him.Hey Clay , if you 're reading this , In future , I look forward to hearing you revive such nearly forgotten great pop songs that are perfect for your talent and vocal range . I 'm thinking of songs like `` Ocean Deep '' -LRB- first sang by Cliff Richards -RRB- , `` Skyline Pigeon '' -LRB- Elton John -RRB- and `` In Your Eyes '' -LRB- George Benson -RRB- . And you might want to listen to a few of Steve Green 's tapes to see how a vocal challenge will sound like.Honestly , you are capable of much better than these song selections.I gave this CD only four stars because the songs do not do justice to what Clay is capable of reaching .
 Well I bought the record . I have been for Clay all the time but the record is not for playing a second time , and not because of Clays voice , but the material used . Where did the belting of the songs go , and the class of his defining of the song?I wish I could do an album and direct the music.He has a voice to be heard by all the world , as an ageless voice sings.He appeals to the hip and the hop and drop -LRB- oldsters -RRB- , but please give us an album with his beautiful voice , and also , I miss that smile at the end of his songs I wonder when he sang these songs if he had the smileat the end of the song.I am 67 and have wrote a review before but I am young at heart but the old songs and melodies of Elton , Sinatra , Johnny Mathis and Neil Diamond give us something to rememberlets try some of these on Clay ok , love you Clay ty for listening to me .
 I bought this CD in the first week of release and it 's still the only cd in my player !!! I can honestly say I 've never heard an album that I can just put in my CD player and listen to from beginning to end !!
 Every time Clay comes out with something new , he gets spammed by the haters . Well , good luck with your adventure this time . Because this is an excellent recording that far exceeded my expectations . He sounds much better on the CD than he did on AI last season . His vocal range is impressive . No one can belt out a song quite like Clay does . His voice goes straight to the Moon and never comes back . It 's quite an experience . I love MOAM and so will you .
 I love Clay Aiken 's voice . I voted for him on American Idol and think that he should have -LRB- did ?? -RRB- win . His talent is partially wasted in this CD . Some of the songs are very weak . I would love to hear him sing Elton John or Johnny Mathis songs , because he is that good . Having bought this CD , I hope that he gets better producers next time . He is a Superstar but was given a mediocre song list on this CD .
 I really wish a few of you out there who do n't like Clay or his music would do some research before you write about things you do n't know about . In particular , Jennifer Martinez , who sounds like a total idiot . You know , most artists who debut do n't even make it to triple digit sales . Everyone drops off in the second week . 838,000 were sold to date , and please do n't give me this crap of Claymates buying multiple cd 's just to `` boost '' sales . That 's ridiculous . An album does n't go Double Platinum in less than two weeks because the same people are making multiple purchases . Here is something I just read dated Oct 29 , 2003 6:32 pm . `` Clay 's Measure of a Man debuts at # 1 on the -LRB- Billboard -RRB- Top 200 selling 613,000 units , remains # 1 for a 2nd week with sales of 225,000 , had the 3rd best 1st week album sales of 2003 , had the 2nd best debut week for ANY solo artist in the Soundscan Era , was the # 1 album in 97 out of 100 markets , # 1 in all geographic regions , # 1 Internet album , # 1 retailer album , a mass merchant album . . all without a video ! '' -LRB- Which premiers tonight 10/30 at 5pm EST on MTV ! -RRB- This is really killing you Clay bashers , is n't it ? I LOVE IT !!! It 's amazing how Clay was picked to sing on Miss America , which is quite an honor , and not the AI himself , the BIG FAT Luther imitator . -LRB- If you bashers can call Clay a scarecrow , I can call Ruben big and fat , which he is . -RRB- If you can dish it out you should be able to take it . Do n't be jealous that Clay gets so much attention , he 's also intelligent and articulate which is more than I can say for you know who . I 've heard that when Ruben is interviewing with a reporter he 's eats during it . Sometimes he sounds so illiterate they do n't understand him . He 's pretty boring anyway . Hey ! A Clay song just came on the radio !! Why do n't all you Clay haters check out RollingStone.com or Billboard.com yourselves before writing what you DO N'T know .
 To Jaan Uhelszki , Amazon editorial reviewer
 This CD is so COOL ! Anyone who disagrees should fall into a flaming pit of doom ! The music is great - as are the lyrics . I recomend this CD to every person on this planet ! I LOVE this CD !!!
 I have been waiting for this CD forever !!! Finally was able to get it , and wondered , `` Where is that booming , powerful voice '' that Clay had on American Idol ? The songs are nice , and he has a nice voice , but NOT THE CLAY that was on the AI program . I loved how he belted out his songs ... this CD does not have that part of his voice . Disappointed in that , but overall , the CD is good .
 Clay is the best American Idol runner up.Anybody who says that Clay is n't good , you are wrong.Please go out and buy the album !
 Kelly , Justin and Rueben may as well sit back and watch . Clay is the True American Idol . This new CD will definetly extend his popularity . Wish he would sing some of the hits from the 70 's , he has the voice for it . Keep going Clay .
 This CD is so great ! Every song is so moving . While I was looking for Clay to show off his voice more , you definitely can hear it in every song . The songs are so clear and beautiful . I am really impressed with the songs , and it is refreshing to hear such talent . I am glad he stayed with what he did . Impressive and good buy for any Clay fan or music lover !
 All I can say about this CD is , wow . Absolutely amazing . Anything Clay 's voice touches turns to gold . Every track on this CD has # 1 hit qualities . A great melodic line , a great catchy chorus . . This man , has a range , that just , everytime I hear him sing , it either brings me to tears or gives me chills to the point that I shiver . I think this is the best CD put out in years . It 's not talking about -LSB- inappropriate things -RSB- , this is REAL music . This music has feeling and it 's something everyone at one point or another in their life can relate to . Clay Aiken has delivered once again . NC is proud of you sweetie !!!!!!!!!
 When I heard this I was like , wow ! His songs are great , and I 'll admit , he 's not the most handsome person , so on his CD you dont have to look at him . Oh , and today , everyone 's voices are digitally remastered so they sound better , like * cough cough * Hilary Duffs * cough cough * but not Clays ! he sounds just as good live as on his CD .
 Clay Aiken is undeniably talented . From the first time I heard his audition on American Idol , I knew this guy was destined for something big . He has the ability to convey such power and emotion in his voice . Not only does he have an amazing voice , but he is unafraid to proclaim that he is a Christian . I am , an will continue to be , a huge supporter . I hope that people will continue to open their ears and hearts and embrace the wonderful , God-given talent that Clay embodies . Do I recommend this cd ? An emphatic YES !!!
 I originally bought this CD as a birthday present for my fianc&eacute; , who became a fan of Clay during AI2 . As for myself , I never watched the show , and honestly did n't care who won or lost . I listened to this CD last night , and I loved it . Clay 's voice is powerful , superb , and downright inspirational . He could sing the `` Sesame Street '' theme song , and give me goose bumps . When it comes right down to pure , unabashed talent , Clay Aiken blows Ruben Studdard straight out of the water . My personal favorite songs are `` Invisible '' and `` I Survived You '' . I can hardly wait until this talented young man 's next album is released .
 I love pop music . I usually like to listen to Jon Secada , Marc Anthony and the like . Clay Aiken 's debut CD is a welcome addition to my collection . It has a nice range of music going from the light hearted singalongable -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- `` When You Save You Love Me '' to the more thought provoking `` Measure of a Man '' . I would have liked to have seen a reworking of `` Bridge Over Troubled Water '' that showcased his wonderful voice better than the single did but can not think of a single song that made it onto the CD that I would be willing to drop to make room for `` Bridge '' . My very favourite song on the CD is `` Shine '' . It 's a bit melancholy and I was n't sure about it at first listen but after a couple run throughs it just grabbed me somehow . It seems to have a little bit of a Paul McCartney feel to it somehow to me as does the song `` Perfect Day '' . If any track is a ca n't miss hit for radio then that would have to be `` The Way '' . Enriques Iglesias shares writing credit on this one and I am rather surprised he did n't decide to record it himself since it has a great hook.All in all this is a very pleasant CD to listen to . Who needs cutting edge ?
 Amazon , thank you for rushing my CD - arrived yesterday and I have listened to it constantly and carefully - all the way through , then repeating each song over several times ; find that I have to tear myself away to listen to the next one . Love the album - think that Clay reviewed himself the best with his talk show comment - `` progression and improvement '' over what he had previously sung . And , I thought he was perfection before.What a beautiful tribute to his Dad 's memory!The songs are definitely similar , yet each could stand alone ! And each song is amazingly and lovingly offered . Each song makes the listener feel special.Now I know why the Brits yelled out to Prince Charles and Princess Diana as they were leaving hospital after Prince William 's birth - `` Do it again ! Give us another one ! `` The ONLY way to improve on any of these songs would be to see Clay perform each - live , video , guest appearane , suit , stripes , sweats - would n't matter .
 The first time I listened to the CD , I thought the background music was much too loud and drowned out the pure sound of Clay 's voice . However , on the second , third and subsequent listenings , I began to hear him loud and clear.I think that Clay Aiken should have won the competition , but no matter , he is by far the best new vocalist out there . I think that RCA tried to stick to a POP agenda , and I think that Clay would be so awesome singing some `` oldie 's but goodies '' . He is best when he can hold his notes and croon . I hope that his next album gives him the opportunity to do just that.Buy the album , it is awesome and is a `` look '' into the future of Clay Aiken . He has just begin .
 Clay Goes Beyond!Beyond anything you heard on AI , Clay shows his real talent . ` The Way ' gave me goosebumps in the same way that his rendition of ` This is the Night ' did when I first heard him sing it . Hopefully , he is hear to stay . I love his voice . If you stumble a bit on the first song , keep listening . It is the only one that is tentative in my opinion .
 With the combination of Clay Aiken and excellent song writers/producers/arrangers such as Desmond Child , Lindy Robbins , Steve Morales , Enrique Iglesias , and Clif Magness -LRB- just to name a few -RRB- , Clive Davis/RCA Records has launched Clay Aiken into POP stardom . I watched Clay 's transformation on American Idol last season and knew that all he needed was the chance to SHINE . He truly shines in this album . As good as Invisible is , the other cuts on this CD are equally good or better . Great job Clay !
 A great variety of songs . There is something for everyone.I am listening to this album instead of my car radio ...
 I ordered 4 copies from Amazon and hate to give any away as I planned so will buy more to have one in every car and room . It is absolutely amazing and please do n't listen to the remnants of Ruben 's fans who are rating Clay badly because they are still disappointed that `` their '' hero will go nowhere.Every song is outstanding , just as Clay is and it is overwhelming that he can do so fantastic on so many songs in such a short time . Keep up the good work Clay and millions are rooting and supporting you . Was at the Houston and Dallas tour and the experience will be remembered a lifetime . Alainapoo
 Buy this CD ! You will not be disappointed if you like to hear Clay Aiken sing . He has a phenomenal voice and he projects such emotion into each and every song . I love all the songs and can not pick a favorite . They 're different from AI songs and I 'm glad . I will never get tired of listening to this CD . He certainly deserves the Double Platinum even if this is his first CD .
 I totally agree with Billboard.com 's comment on Clay Aiken 's Measure of a Man being `` The best pop album of 2003 . '' Clay has an amazing voice ! This is a must-have CD for music lovers ! It is AWESOME !!!
 I was waiting forever for this CD to come out and i am so glad it did ! It is fabulous . It is all I listen to in my car . All the songs are great and he has such an amazing voice ... im so glad he got a record deal !!!
 Alright so at first i was n't sure if i liked the album ... but it totally grew on me and now i CA N'T STOP PLAYING IT !! and when i 'm not playing it i 'm singing it !! It 's getting hard to study because all i do is sing i ca n't concentrate !!
 This is one of the most inspirational albums ! Absolutley Phenomenal ! -LRB- I agree Kelly 's album is great - but are n't we comparing apples to oranges ? -RRB- WELL WORTH THE WAIT SINCE AI2 ! Great job - beautiful voice - beautifully mastered ! Powerful album ! Thank you for your gift !
 The CD was great . Although I believe that Clay can do MUCH better , it was better than I was expecting . My favorite songs are The Way , Measure of a Man , and I Survived You . I believe that I Survived You is about his biological father , for he was obviously not the best father , and Clay clearly stated that in his article in Rolling Stone magazine . I read today that in one week , he sold 613,000 albums ! I ca n't believe it and I am SO proud of him . I 'm 100 % of a Clay Fan , and I hope his album will go Platinum !!!
 I have been playing this cd for 2 days . Clay has a voice that just makes you feel good . I am so happy with all the tracks and especially love Invisible and The Way . It 's been a while since I 've enjoyed an artist this much . I look forward to more from Clay Aiken . He is just awesome .
 There are very few albums where every song is one that I want to listen to over and over . Clay 's voice is beautiful and he should have many hits from this CD . `` Touch '' is amazing .
 I agree with RB from Delaware . Most of the songs are pretty good on this album , although Clay 's voice is not the same as it was on television . I sure hope they are n't trying to change his style of singing . I 'd recommend it to anyone who 's ready for a change and a great singer - simply because Clay is the best .
 I bought the CD because I am a fan of Clay . Nevertheless I have to tell you that not all the songs are what I expected . There are 4 or 5 good songs , none of them spectacular , but good enough to buy the CD . I think that Clay is able to perform stronger songs in which he shows us his powerful voice . I mean , this songs are simple and he is not taking advantage of his gift , he is better than Ruben ... but in this CD I can not appreciate it . I suggest Clay to look for songs that able him to do his best , it does n't matter whether is a ballad , country song , whatever , he have to choose songs with feeling !
 Clay 's voice is just amazing !!! We do n't hear many artists any more that can actually sing and sing well . I listen to this CD over and over again . I do n't ever get sick of his beautiful voice . People give him bad review because he is not mainstream , but the problem is that you do n't have to have a good voice to be mainstream now . If anyone likes to hear music sung by an artist with an amazing voice , with huge talent , this is the CD for you . I ca n't wait for his next album . GOOD JOB , CLAY !
 I like this debut very much . Clay did not win American Idol but he is a success after the show . Clay reminds me of a young Barry Manilow . I like that Clay is a clean cut guy and that his cd and lyrics are clean as well , that 's a nice and refreshing change in celebrities and music . This is a wonderful cd . I ca n't wait to see Clay 's career flourish and I hope to see Clay Aiken have a wonderful career for a long time to come . He truly deserves it.There are no lyrics printed on the cd booklet and I do n't think you really need them either , it would have been nice but its not necessary . You can hear Clay sing the lyrics clearly and fans like me can sing along with him . Still I wish that the record label had printed the lyrics , that would have been a nice addition . The cd booklet also pulls out into a poster of Clay .
 I got this album on the day it was released October 14th , have listened to it a zillion times , and am not the least bit tired of it . Clay is truly something different , something words ca n't describe . There is such a variety of songs and emotions on this CD , all of which are sung excellently . I too , like many , have been a fan of him since Day 1 , and will be for a very long time . I would highly recommend this CD , even to those who still think of him as the `` American Idol Runner-Up . '' : -RRB- Oh , and btw , I totally agree with WH Miller on the fact that Mister Monkey should not be allowed such terrible things like that . I read some of his other reviews and they are both racist and homophobic . Please Amazon , take this into consideration . Thanks .
 Although my husband is not as big of a fan as I , it was an amazing CD . I think as time progresses he will grow even stronger in his music career . Clay really proved himself and I think this an amazing product of the work that he has accomplished over the past several months . I highly recommend this album !!
 The only reason I do not give this 5 stars is because I know he can do better . Now , I 'm not bashing him whatsoever . I think that he is an amazing singer . I just think that this cd does not showcase his beautiful voice as much as it could . No matter . I bought the cd . I love the cd . Clay is amazing . So , give him a chance , and wait for more brilliant things from this man .
 This is an excellent c.d!It 's great for helping you relax.My favourite songs on it are `` Measure of a Man '' and `` The Way '' . As other people said , he 's the real American Idol!The only bad thing about the c.d is that he did n't put the kinda more upbeat version of Invisible.But it 's good how there 's no music at the beginning of `` Invisible '' though.I would like to get the Christmas c.d where Clay sings `` The First Nol '' . I heard a preview on a website and it sounds really good!I 'm obsesed with Clay ... ; - -RRB-
 I would not want to make this sound like a board to defend Clay Aiken but just wanted to say that comparing him to Josh Groban is like comparing apples and oranges . Josh Groban has a very fine and powerful voice too but it 's a trained voice that has been under study for years . Clay 's is a natural gift from above and has proven what a versatile singer he is and a total entertainer . he can sing just about anything given to him and make it his own.I am a Josh Groban fan too but I very much wonder if he can do just as much as Clay who is effortless in his renditions.It just seemed ridiculous to compare a pop singer to a neo classic style like Josh Groban . would you compare Celine Dion to Charlotte Church and Andrea Bocelli ?
 I PURCHASED THIS CD ON THE RELEASE DATE , I 'VE PLAYED IT EVERYDAY SINCE THE DAY I BOUGHT IT . THERE IS NOT ONE SONG THAT I DO NOT LIKE ON THIS CD .
 This CD has become my favourite in years . At first , I was surprised . It was weird listening to Clay sing new songs . But now that I have listened to it continuously for amonth , I must say ... I ca n't get enough . That voice defies description . He could literally sing the phonebook and I would still listen . Particularly impressive are his vocals on `` The Way '' . The whole American and then Canadian Idol thing has brought my family together in song and laughter . We never missed a show . We sing in the car and just about everywhere else too . These young people have brought so much joy into this crappy world that I believe they are a gift from God . I do n't think I am the only one who finds a refreshing repast from stress and turmoil in the show and its young stars . The fact that Ruben and Clay and our Canadian Idol Ryan Malcolm all of whom are not `` pop idol material '' -- or so some thought demonstrates to me that the world is looking for SUBSTANCE and PASSION and JOY not pre-fab cookie cutter immoral popstars . The times are changing and thank god for that . If you are one of those people who enjoy mocking Clay take a closer look at yourself . Why does it bother you that a young man with morals , talent and integrity is the new international sensation ? Why do you ask him to move heaven and earth to prove he is worthy ?
 A true fan & will always support Clay ^_^
 I agree that the music is a bit overpowering , but I expected that from a rushed , thrown-together album from the American Idol conglomerate . It is still Clay , beautiful and professional through and through . He 's definitely my American Idol . I look forward to hearing more from this extremely talented young man in the future .
 this album is unbelievable ... as i knew it would be . . the songs might sound the same but they are gorgeous . . if i get married . . i want clay to sing at my wedding ... from the past and present american idol winners . . clay 's album is the only that i wanted to buy . . and i was not disappointed . . he has a beautiful voice . .
 The cd measure of a man was all and more than I expected.Clay Aiken I feel will be the next real superstar . He has the talent and the charisma to make it . It is nice to see an artist that can be a positive role model for the young people today and also have the great voice and unique style that appeals to all ages . I will be waiting for his next cd to come out . There truly are no bad songs on Measure Of A Man !!
 This CD is wonderful !!! I listened to the demo cd and except for ` Measure of a Man ' , I really did not care for the rest . I bought the cd , because after all it was ` CLAY'and listened to the whole cd . I found it sooooo much better than the demo 's . I absoletly love them but ` THE WAY '' -LRB- with its powerful ending -RRB- and MEASURE OF A MAN ' are my favorites ! and love the rest also.I highly recommend buying this cd . You will fall in love with CLAY all over again . I am a 63 year old great grandmother and exept for This is the night/Bridge over Troubled Water , this is the first cd i have bought in along time . I can not wait for his next cd to come out !
 I am truly impressed with this CD overall and what RCA is pushing as the first single on it is nothing compared to the rest of the cd . It is great to workout to , dance to , and sing along with . The music is `` POP '' but it is not a lot of sexed up junk . I have found my favorite song on the cd is `` Perfect Day '' if that is not released as a single they will miss out on some real chart popping magic . Clay Aiken still shows his talents and does each song justice . I give kudo 's to him , the music writer 's and the entire RCA group that worked on the CD . I can not wait to see this young man do all of this in concert . I am curious as to what songs they took off of the cd and if RCA will be smart enough to have Clay croon some classics like he did on A.I. I would like to hear a studio version of Solitare , To Love Somebody , Somewhere Out There , and many others . I know that he is not a one hit wonder and we will be hearing from him for a long time to come God willing . Excellent CD !!!!
 Trying to sum up my feelings about this CD is rather difficult . i will freely admit , i was one of the millions of people who tuned in to AI every week , simply to root for the most unlikely of Idols . And i am still amazed by the impact he has had on people of all ages and walks of life . This is a 24 yr old man who last year at this time , assumed he would be a School teacher working with children with special needs . It 's a story almost too good to be true . and the hype surrounding the man , and the release of this CD , has been immense.Any doubts as to the quality of the songs on this album , are put to rest by the end of the first track , `` Invisble '' ... a song already well known to Aiken 's fans . While nothing here is a huge departure as far as what his fans would expect to hear from him , the songs do cross over into several different styles . Some are more poppy -LRB- `` Perfect Day '' , `` I Will Carry You '' -RRB- , some have a bit of an edge to them -LRB- `` No More Sad Songs '' , `` I Survived You '' -RRB- , some are romantic -LRB- `` Run To Me '' , & `` The Way '' -RRB- , and even a Country-ish tune -LRB- `` When You Say You Love Me '' -RRB- . And then there is the biggest surprise of all ... the song `` Touch '' which is downright sultry and will no doubt have many of Aiken 's female fans wishing for a one-on-one performace . There is a wide variety of music here , and it ALL works . Aiken 's voice has never sounded better . And this CD will undoubtedly win him many more fans , as he continues to prove Simon wrong . And show the other skeptics that he is definitely more then a novelty .
 I absolutely love it . Clay 's voice is pure majic . I could listen to him all day long , and as a matter of fact I am doing just that !!
 Buy it and listen to it once and you will never want to turn it off . The songs are wonderful , and the way he sings them will move you in many ways . I was brought to tears by `` The Way '' , it is so beautiful . Finally an artist who will not compromise his beliefs and delivered a great , personal debut album.A must buy !
 Feel good romantic songs sung by a fine man with a fanstastic voice . The man and his music just make you feel good .
 You need to remove the review of Clay Aiken 's `` Measure of a Man '' CD posted on March 24 , 2004 by `` A music fan from -LRB- Monkey 's dad -RRB- Waffle House . '' This review contains profanity and personal attacks on Clay Aiken 's character and is completely out of line . Please do us all a favor and monitor reviews more closely so that this does n't happen anymore!By the way , `` Measure of a Man '' is by far the best CD I own . I just can not take it out of my CD player . Clay has the most amazing voice I have ever heard . I saw him in concert last night in Omaha and there are no words to describe it . If you get a chance to see him perform live , do n't pass it up !
 This CD is absolutely wonderful . I can not tell you enough how much I enjoy it and listen to it every day . I have never bought a cd where I liked all the songs . I rarely buy a cd from one artist because of that . But I love every song on this cd . I can not wait for his next cd to come out .
 Mr. Studard 's CD was released today . I am not a fan but I certainly wish him success . I am sold on Mr. Aiken and will continue buying his music . His songs make me melt -- such as `` The Way '' and `` When you say you Love Me '' . Just my opnion and I am not going to bash any other artist . I would hope everyone could understand there is a lot of talent out there , thank goodness , and we all can make our own choice . I have made my choice based on what I like . Have some class in the reviews and give all the artist the wishes of continued success . God Bless Mr. Aiken and his continued effort ... he has done so much more than sing to America . . he has America singing right back . Mr. Aiken has given so much back -LRB- You reap what you sow -RRB- so I suspect his future will be unlimited with his kindness , generosity and God given talents that he has used to help others . I just hope Mr. Aiken remembers to keep himself happy along the way .
 Wow , over 2,600 reviews of this CD . That should say something right there that this guy has definitely awakened something in the American public , be it good or bad , that so many people feel the need to write a review ; even those who obviously have n't bought the CD or listened to it and are just over here stating their opinion of the phenomenon of Clay . Perhaps some disgruntled fans whose favorite artists are n't doing as well.That said , I must say that this CD is a true gem . Clay Aiken is a phenomenal talent and his handling of the songs on this CD are stellar . And to think that this is his debut CD and he 's only been in the music business since May of this year . Again , phenomenal is the only word to use here to describe this CD , these songs and this performer .
 Clay AIken 's new cd is really something unlike anything that has been out there for a little while . Currently , there arent really any male singers that can REALLY sing with the great range and the clear tone to the voice . In Clay 's new cd , Measure of A Man , there are a few tracks on there that are outstanding , my favourite is `` Measure of a Man '' and `` The Way . '' Although I could say that the songs on his cd seemed a little `` manufactured '' and not his own , hey , it 's his first cd , and that happens with basically all artists . It 's just going to get better . With what he 's got , he can make it far.Clay just released his first single `` Invisible '' which is about my 4th or 5th favourite , but for those who really want to hear something with range , feeling , and just a great song in general , make sure you listen to `` Measure of a Man '' it is the best song on the cd . There are always some tracks on the cd that are better than others and I would say my few favourites are ... 1 -RRB- Measure of a Man2 -RRB- The Way3 -RRB- I Survived You4 -RRB- Invisible5 -RRB- This is the Night6 -RRB- When you say you love me7 -RRB- ShineClay is a versatile singer with a great tone to his voice and an unbelievable range . He hits a `` B '' in most of his songs . I have already bought his cd , and listen to it everyday . It 's definately an investment that everyone should make !
 For my money ? Yes . Hit after hit ? Yes . With little exception , in my opinion , Measure of a Man will be around for a long time - in one form -LRB- song -RRB- or another . For every review that waxes on about the lack of `` variety '' on this album , I have to , well , wonder what they 're listening to ? And everyone 's got an opinion on which song is best - a good thing ! Here are mine
 WOW !!! Very impressive !!! The songs on Clays debut album are wonderful ! I Will Carry You is my favorite , but I love them all so much ! I bought this album and so love Clay Aikens voice !!! Thank you Clay and RCA !!!
 These `` reviews '' have turned into a Clay/Ruben forum . . I do n't think that should be allowed here . I love Clay and always will . Ruben did win the competition and that 's that . . Clay has a great future ahead of him.Sally
 I could be wrong , but I consider selling over two million copies of a debut CD in a little under two months quite an extraordinary feat!That this newcomer , Clay Aiken , has talent can not be denied . That he does not fit in the mainstream of pop/rock goes without saying . However , ins n't that what the world needs these days ? A new , fresh performer that somehow , when he sings , we are mesmerized and entertained and feel good ? Clay Aiken is a very gifted , natural performer with charisma to spare -- and yet seems totally down-to-earth and unassuming . What a combination ; talent and modesty - he radiates with it.If I had to pick a favorite song on this CD , well , I could n't . I LOVE THEM ALL , and I can honestly say that if we are to look forward to more releases from Clay Aiken in the future , well , I 'll be in line to buy them . I know that it was not Clay 's idea to try out for American Idol , but I , for one , am glad he did and that he has chosen to share his gift with the rest of the world.We are lucky to have him .
 I love this music . Every song says something to me and the voice , I ca n't believe it . He has the best voice and talk about emotion . I absolutely love this CD I bought an extra one for my best friend and she feels the same way . I can hardly wait until he makes a new one .
 Please let me clean up this board . Please ignore those negative and false reviews ; they do n't know what they are talking about -LRB- they are just jealous -RRB- . Clay Aiken most definitely deserves the fame and success he has received so far in that Clay Aiken is the most giving of all of the other Idol contestants . Clay Aiken has his own foundation which helps kids with special needs . The songs on this GREAT debut CD are very entertaining to me and millions of his fans , and Clay Aiken 's magnificent voice is so outstanding and is unlike no other . Clay Aiken is really the only `` Real Deal '' in that Clay Aiken does things musically his way , and this exciting CD proves it . Clay Aiken is extremely talented .
 I love this CD ! The songs are wonderful , and Clay Aiken has a stunning voice . The CD is romantic and refreshing in today 's world of music.My favorite songs were `` The Way '' , `` When you Say you love Me '' , `` Perfect Day '' and even though it was a single hit , I still love `` This is the Night '' . This CD is worth every penny ! BUY it AND enjoy !
 At first I was disappointed that the only song with which I was familiar was This Is The Night ... . Now , I LOVE THEM ALL ... This album is great and I find myself humming the songs all the time ... I would venture to guess that Run To Me will become a classic ... . it will be around for a long , long time ... Also , how can anyone comment about Clay 's looks ? He is darling !!! If anyone watched any of the Radio Music awards tonight -LRB- Oct 27 -RRB- and looked at the appearance of some of those characters ... . you can appreciate this attractive guy !!! He is a sweetie ... Ready for another album , Clay ... hope you are working on the next one ! Maybe the next one can be a mixture of old and new ... . Already anxiously awaiting the next album !!! Clay appeals to all age groups ... I am not a teenager , but I did buy three of the albums ... -LRB- two as gifts -RRB- ... Anyone who buys Measure of a Man will not be disappointed ... . It it truly great ...
 How refreshing to buy a CD and like every track ! You can understand every word of every song because they were sung , NOT mumbled ! BUY THIS CD ... you will love it !
 What can I say - Clay is wonderful ! I am from Durham , NC , about 20 miles from Raleigh , and we never missed a single one of his performances on American Idol . His other CD 's were great but this one surpasses those . Go , Clay ! We love you and want you to do well .
 I ca n't understand why there are some who write these reviews who say that Clay should n't have gotten a record contract , that Rubin won . Yes , Rubin won . But when Kelly Clarkson won , Justin , who came in second , was awarded a record contract , so why should n't Clay have gotten one . Rubin was good . But , so was Clay.This album is absolutley great ! I would wholeheartedly recommend it for all ages . Mine gets played over and over and over . It is beyond words .
 We found a new idol and he just turns out to be one of the coolest and smartest guy around . An amazing voice , such charisma and feeling in his tone ... He 's the best . Love you Clay .
 Very impressed with Clay 's first album . He really did a great job and shows his awesome talent and mature transformation . Let 's hope that this is not just a once off and that we will see more of him.Still believe that Clay should have taken the title - but I guess we will just have to see who stands the test of time with fame and fortune !
 This CD was well worth the wait . Clay has one of the best voices I have ever heard and it comes through loud and clear with every song on this CD . Buy it ... you 'll be happy you did .
 After waiting what seemed like forever , Clay Aiken 's first cd `` measure of a man '' has arrived in stores . The first day i ran out and bought it and I have listened to it ever since . I can honestly say that this is the best purchase i have ever made in my short 18 years of life . I love that i can listen to all 12 tracks on the album and not have to skip over any one of them . Clay 's powerful/amazing voice is shown on each one of these trakcs . My favorite 2 songs are `` Measure of a Man '' and `` The Way '' . So please , if you have n't purchased it yet , then please do . You wo n't regret it
 Could n't wait to get my hands on this one after hearing the man on American Idol , and from downloads on the internet . Only have one CD at this time and have to keep taking it from house to car , cause it is the only thing I 've listened to since I got it . I 'd say there 'll be at least 5 radio hits , and really the whole CD is wonderful and has a little bit of everything on it . Great ballads , catchy pop tunes , one song with an uptempo kinda country tinge to it -LRB- one of my personal favorites -RRB- and a couple of tunes that are reminiscent of some of the Beatles sounds . I love this CD !!
 Lets face it . The music industry would have NEVER discovered this young man . Gangly , southern , loves his mother ... But he truly IS a pop star . This album proves it . The songs sound a tad bit over-produced and there really is n't an original ` feel ' to this CD , but for some reason , my wife and I ca n't seem to get enough of it . We think because the CD underscores and carries the sincerity that shone through during his metamorphosis on American Idol . He 's the long-shot that won -LRB- albeit second , he far outshines the rest -RRB- . And this album is a winner of sorts . We 'll buy his next one so we can continue to enjoy watching him grow and change as an artist . Just like he did on TV .
 From the moment I first heard him sing on American Idol I knew this Man would be a big star , Clay Aiken has the most amazing , beautiful voice I have ever heard . His CD Measure of A Man is unbelievable . For this to be his first full legnth CD it sounds as if he has been recording forever . The scary thing is he 's only gon na get better !!!! How can you improve on what is already there ? Two thumbs up way up high for You Clay , you are the most talented and sweetest Guy out there . Keep up the good work !!
 Clay is one of the best new artist we have had . He is alot better then Kelly and Reuben.He is so not a geek he may look like one but he can sing . Whoever thinks he ca n't sing is tone deaf .
 We have here a True Measure of a Man . This CD just shows what a great voice Clay has . He appeals to ages 7 to70 . He has proved everytime just how versatile he is . I ca n't wait until his next single comes out Solitare/The Way . I have already pre-ordered and so should you . Lets give this young man a huge Hand .
 I had seen the final episode of the US Idols which starred Clay and Reuben . After seeing what he was capable on that episode I really stood behind him , although I was a bit hesitant as he did n't stand out THAT much.I purchased this ablum , and to my surprise it 's really good . Clay is a brilliant singer ! I like most of the songs on this cd and I would recommend that if you 're out to buy a cd for someone who is a fan of any Idols show -LRB- or just loves pop -RRB- then Clay 's cd wo n't disappoint .
 This CD was an absolute joy and I 'm so very glad I bought it . I never watched American Idol and somehow I keep thinking he 's the winner because I see more of him than the other guy . I love his voice and the songs on this CD are excellent .
 I had n't watched the American Idol show , but when I heard a song on the radio I had to have the cd . I was not disappointed.It is completely entertaining.Hard to believe he is only beginning his career.His songs seem heartfelt as if he were a seasoned veteran of the music business . I found myself moved and inspired . I highly recommend it .
 I recieved this CD this Christmas , and I must say , I was pleasently surprised by the variety and quality of the songs . I feared that every song would sound the same , but there is definately a distiction between each song . He has a very pleasent voice to listen to , and it beats any ` boy band ' sound that used to be popular . Here 's what I think of each song : Invisible-Great ! I like it the more I listen to it . Very upbeat , but a bit of a stalker song . 5/5I Will Carry You - This song definately stood out to me . It 's great , and I love the lyrics . It 's one of my favorites . 5/5When You Say You Love Me - Not one of my favorites , but it 's very sweet . I like listening to it . 4/5No More Sad Songs - He sounds really great on this one , and it 's another one of my favorites . I love the melody and the emotion packed into it . He definately puts a lot more emotion in this one than his other ones . 5/5Run To Me - This one 's fantastic . I love the song 's message . 5/5Shine - Also not one of my favorites , but it 's really nice . 4/5I Survived You - I thought this one was great . It sounds kind of strange , but in a way I thought it was funny . 5/5This Is The Night - I love this one , but I heard it way too many times over . I hate it when the radio overplays songs 4/5Perfect Day - Very upbeat and sweet . Very well done 5/5Measure of A Man - Another favored one , mainly because it 's a little different from the other songs . 5/5Touch - A little too pop-like for my taste , but he manages to pull it off pretty well . 4/5I admit , it seems like he just sings about different kinds of loves , but he can pull that off just by the way he sings those songs . I think this is a great beginning for his hopefully long music career .
 It takes more than just a voice to make a true performer and Clay has got everything else it takes including his great voice . It 's amazing that the AI2 judges did n't recgonize that as immediately as his fans did . I love the album and I 'm actually able to listen to every song , that dose n't happen very often . The only criticism I have is in the recording , in some of the songs , I would have liked to hear his voice mixed a little more up front . Sometimes he 's mixed to close to the backgroud singers . I 've got a feeling that this is only the begining for Clay , I 'm sure there is much more to Clay than we have seen so far.Buy it you wo n't be SORRY !
 Measure of a Man is such a wonderful cd , the songs are great , and you can really hear Clays FANTASTIC voice ! I would highly recommend this cd to you !!! A +
 excellent ! an amazing pure voice !! i am impressed how unique his voice is - it is simply pure and powerful . this is the only cd i have been listening to over and over since i bought it two weeks ago . there is no one like him in the ` mtv ' music scene and i can see why he is getting so popular because he is like the male Norah Jones - so unique and has his own style . my wish is that he write some of the songs for his next album .
 Clay 's performance on all the singles showcases his impressive vocal talents and heartfelt sincerity . The standout cut for me was the title track ballad , which I found to be touching and emotionally heart-rendering . Unfortunately , many of the other singles , while adequately allowing some of Clay 's vocal skills to leak through , are overproduced with the overly-slick sound that characterized -LRB- and marred -RRB- Kelly Clarkson 's CD . In both cases , the producers seem to have more confidence in their musical production skills than in their lead singers . While I love this CD anyway , it makes me wish Clay could break away from his Simon controllers and do his own thing .
 I bought many cd 's this year from new and developing artists . Along with Jason Mraz , Norah Jones , and 50 Cent , Clay Aiken 's debut cd is one of the best of the year . It 's filled with fun pop ballads , country pop , and edgyish rock tunes . True , the material could definitely have been better . Aiken was written off by Pop Idol Judge Simon Cowell to be Broadway/lounge act only . Cowell and his stupid kareoke show look for one hit wonders , but Aiken appears to be the real deal . His beautiful , big voice is put on display in a contemporary pop way . At times he sounds like Peter Cetera from Chicago -LRB- Shine -RRB- , but Aiken has a truly unique voice . He is passionate , soulful , and powerful all at once . Aiken only begins to master his incredible range . He does no vocal gymnastics here , only vocal sprints . Hopefully , we will see what he is made of on future collaborations .
 I 've only heard a little over half of this cd as of this review but I 'm quite surprised by how good it is
 THIS IF FOR THE MUSIC FAN FROM WASHINGTON STATEIF ANYONE HAS POOPY FOR BRAINS IT IS YOU.MY MOTHER ALWAYS SAID IF YOU CA N'T SAY SOMETHING NICEABOUT SOMEBODY DO N'T SAY ANYTHING AT ALL.CLAY HAS A GREAT VOICE AND A WONDERFUL CD AND IS A NICERESPECTUL PERSON - YOU SHOULD TAKE SOME LESSONS FROM HIM .
 This CD really shows that Clay is a talented and promising artist . I love all the songs . It has some strong messages that really give this album substance . It can be enjoyed by people of all ages . I ca n't wait to see what Clay does next .
 Its Clay all the way !! If you like the cd wait till you see clay perform on the AMA 's November 16 on ABC.You do n't want to miss it.I 've seen him sing 3 of his song on TV . He was on Leno , The View and Good Morning America . He sang INVISIBLE , I WILL CARRY YOU AND THE WAY . . Clay just keeps getting better .
 DOUBLE PLATINUM awarded on Good Morning America from Clive Davis of RCA !!!! WOW !!! So WELL DESERVED !!! Great cd by Clay Aiken !!!!! I love all of the songs , so well done !!! You can hear Clays voice so beautifully ! I am so happy for Clay , and for me getting to listen to Measure Of A Man all day long !!! I HIGHLY RECOMEND this cd !!!!
 In great anticipation , I was waiting for the chill down my spine , only Clay 's increadible voice has given me , I created an expectation -LSB- that -RSB- the album was surely going to give that . Most if not all his fans felt he was cheated out of winning AI , because he did not fit the pop star mold . It seems the industry is so stuck on what they think sells albums , that they are completley over looking why we love Clay . I got the feeling they were trying to ligitamize Rubin 's winning AI , by disappionting fans with this album , and I bet reviews of Rubins album will hint to that fact . We all have to remember Clay does n't have the power to influence what is on his albums , I believe if he had free rain to chose the songs , we would have all been melted by that memorizing voice . However , if we all put our expectations behind us , and just enjoy the CD , it really does grow on you . So , we did n't get what we were longing for , we have to relize the only way we ever will , is to continue to buy his music , until he 's got enough infulence to set is voice free . All in all , it 's a good CD , just enjoy it for what it is , will get what we what soon , I hope .
 My daughter eagerly anticipated the release of Clays CD , and I must admit I 'm hooked as well -- How refreshing it is to have a young pop star that -LSB- does n't use -RSB- vulgar lyrics , condone violence , drugs , etc. . . or has sold out ! Unlike most of todays CD 's , this work contains several songs that are excellent , and could become big hits-In fact , I like ALL of the songs ! Several of the songs give me chills , even though i have listened to the CD a dozen times ... the songs grow on you . . and that voice ~ ~ ~ its just something special ! Clay , thank you for helping me believe there are good , decent people among our youth ~ ! This young man is a great talent , and role model for my kids.Today 's singers could learn alot from this kid.I will buy his work anyday.Hurray for Clay ! ***** !
 I was brought up on Broadway , gospel , rock , pop , and opera . I 've heard some incredible voices and Clay has a wonderful range and makes pop enjoyable again . Oh well . . the fans love him and the critics do n't - that does n't say much for the critics .
 He has the most powerful , and most beautiful voice today . Puts Justin Timberlake and Britney Spears into shame , and it 's about time !! I 'm a 17 year old teenager , and I am continuosly amazed by the range of this guy 's voice . I am currently taking vocal music in highschool , and I am sooo envious because he always has perfect pitch ! He 's never off pitch !! As for the album , all the songs are great ! He puts so much emotion and depth into the songs , you ca n't help but get pulled into the song itself . My favorites include
 BEAUTIFUL ALBUM !! CLAY MEASURES UP ! Could we finaly be seeing a change in the music industry ? I think its about time to bring back music thats not about sex , drugs , and singers with potty mouths . Clays a nice young man who does ` nt drink , smoke or swear . A good role model for our kids . He 's not afraid to express his faith in god or how his faith plays a big role in his life . Clay has won the hearts of millions with his beautiful voice . NOVEMBER 30th IS CLAYS BIRTHDAY . HAPPY BIRTHDAY CLAY !!! `` 25 '' WE LOVE YOU !!
 If you loved his style on American Idol , you will love the cd .
 Ok , I 'm the biggest `` claymate '' out there . I bought the album based upon who I saw on stage and his potential . I was n't expecting this generation 's Barry Manilow or Elton John , as he 's been compared to . I just wanted Clay . The first two times I listened to the album , I have to admit I was disappointed . His voice was n't `` his '' and the instrumentation sounded phony . It 's way too over-produced ! But , being fair , I attributed my dissatifaction to too-taken-in with the hype , and listened again , as a normal music fan , not someone `` achin ' for Aiken '' . After a week , on and off , listening to each track at least 10 times , I 've come to really enjoy the entire CD ! Surprisingly , the best songs in my opinion are not the lilting ballads , but the more upbeat tunes like Perfect Day , which I think should be the next single -LRB- rather than `` The Way '' , the one everyone says is his best effort -RRB- . Each song is fun , and gives us that little glimpse into the Clay we all grew to love on AI ; the gentleman who knows what he wants but is too afraid to go get it - the resounding theme in just about every track . I 'm not a pop maven , but I know good music . Clay 's still got a great sound , but it 's only `` him '' in just a few places - you have to listen hard to get past the studio-ization of each piece . Hey it 's not perfect , but it 's not for lack of ability on Clay 's part . He would be haunting if he could get a producer like Coldplay 's or John Mayer 's . That said , it 's a great first effort , and good enough that I eagerly await his next set of 12 !
 while the cd is great , i wish that it showed off his voice and range better .
 OK , I 've always like Clay since the very beginning , so you may find this bias . However , I find those who put down this CD simply because they did n't like Clay personally , hate the AI franchise , or simply not into slow rock/pop AND write a review as more bias than I am . Even worse , Heaven forbid , they wrote a ` review ' of the CD without really listen to the CD itself ! -LRB- Perhaps the word ` shame ' is not in their dictionary at all . -RRB- Now the CD . It has a lot of catchy songs , and actually quite diverse . -LRB- I was listening the critics ' fav , the Norah Jones ' CD the other day , and I could n't really tell which song I was on the track since they 're all sound the same ! -RRB- My personal favourite is MOAM , as it has a very good lyrics . My least favourite is Touch . Not because it 's a bad song or Clay sang it badly . It 's just the lyrics is not up to the expectation that this CD would be clean of any sexual inuendo.Those who were expecting Clay to sing cover from the oldies , big bands , or Sinatra 's style , would be dissapointed . I suggest them to listen to Michael Buble 's CD , who did a wonderful job on that kind of music . I liked Buble , but cover version wo n't make his name established in the music industry.Buy Clay 's debut CD , as it will be a new classic ...
 I was worried about how this album would be . Would the boyish , nee nerdish , charm he displayed on TV carry over to an actual album ? Would his singing still move me as much if I did n't SEE him singing ? Would the absence of the competition , and the fear of the deaded judges comments , make him less exciting?Nope.Not at all.While not every song on this album is a homerun , there are more than enough that are.I 'd say that Clay measures up very well indeed.Buy this .
 At first I was a bit disappointed . But I have listened to this CD many times now and find there are some really good tracks . Clay 's fan base is so diverse that he and the producers are trying to have something for everyone on this CD . Therefore , there are bound to be some that each fan likes better than others . I hope that the next CD will include some of the great songs Clay did on AL , like Solitary man , Buttercup , etc. . I find Clay 's voice powerfully moving and entertaining on this CD and I ca n't wait for the next one .
 This CD is stunning . Finally , an artist who actually sings-you know , singing how it 's supposed to be done rather than chanting obsene lyrics over and over again . Finally , an artist who sings about actual love rather than random people hooking up . Clay puts so much passion into these songs , especially Measure of a Man , which is so beautiful it will bring you to tears . The songs have more of a rock edge than the classic songs he sang on American Idol , but are still the power ballads we love . To anyone who says that this CD is bad because it will only appeal to the Clay fans-is a rap CD supposed to appeal to opera fans ? To all the people who supported Clay , listened to his demos , etc-this CD will not let you down .
 Could n't wait to get the copy I pre-ordered from Amazon so bought another when it was released . Glad I did . I 've had two days of listening pleasure . First time through I was n't sure but I 'm now hooked . Love Measure of a Man and Touch . I 'm keeping one copy at work and one at home . Do n't want to take a chance on forgetting it .
 For much too long , a lot of bad music has been forced on us by the music industry . But then along came Clay Aiken and he changed that -- finally great music to listen to !!! I was a fan of Clay 's with his first audition on AMERICAN IDOL II , -LRB- before his incredible makeover -RRB- rooting for him every step of the way . I loved every song he belted out . His new CD MEASURE OF A MAN , shows what a powerhouse he can be . Every song of his , is a favorite for me . I did enjoy his performance of Invisible on the Jay Leno Show , he commanded the stage and I just absolutely love his voice.I am not naive as to think that some people would love to see Clay Aiken fail . Some are afraid of people who are good , wholesome , decent people , who can sing and reach out to the young & old with such emotion , power and conviction that he makes you feel he is singing his songs to you . Also Clay is a wonderful role model to everyone . It is about time music has come back to the people . I thank GOD for Clay Aiken , and hope he is very happy with his music career , because I want to be able to continue enjoying his awesome music . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS CD , MEASURE OF A MAN -- THE TUNES ARE SO CATCHY YOU WILL FIND YOURSELF HUMMING OR SINGING THEM ALL DAY . THEY PUT YOU IN A GREAT MOOD !
 This album is too good for words so nothing more than that can be said .
 Each song on this album is a winner . It would be hard to pick out a favorite . Way to go Clay .
 Measure of a Man by Clay Aiken is a terrific album . All 12 songs are great . This will establish Clay as America 's new pop idol , and hopefully with his help will give us back real music.It is sad how trashy the music industry has become , but now there is hope . I Love , love , love this album , specially SongsThe Way , and Touch . Best money I ever spent .
 Wow ... simply amazing . I must say I bought this becuase of `` This Is The Night '' but the rest of the tracks overshadow that song . Very well done , a great intro album . I ca n't wait to see what Clay will do next : -RRB-
 I get goosebumps upon goosebumps when I listen to this album . Every song is different , yet Clay 's voice hooks me every time . When I listen , sometimes I am smiling , and sometimes I am brought to tears . Most of the time I can hardly breathe!I am SO proud of Clay for his dedication and hard work on this , his first album . His passion for his work shows in the final product.I really love every song on this album , but my particular favorites are , `` The Way '' , `` Measure of a Man '' , `` Run to Me '' , and `` Invisible '' .
 Okay , so what some of the reviewers are obviously missing is the fact that I 'd bet my last dollar that Clay did not have a whole lot of input as to which songs went on this CD.He obviously also did n't have the chance to have much say about the arrangements either . IF YOU 'RE ONE OF THE LUCKY FEW who have heard the demo CD he recorded before American Idol , then you 'd know that he can produce nothing but amazing songs that touch you right to the core of your being.This , his first official RCA release , is certainly a valiant effort but it does show a weakness in RCA 's executives and who they selected to oversee this release.WITH ALL THAT SAID ... if you love Clay , you 'll love this CD ! However , I have to admit I did n't love every track.INVINCIBLE is , of course , catchy , strong and a winner of a song.I WILL CARRY YOU is soulful but the instruments are so loud they compete too much with Clay 's voice!NO MORE SAD SONGS is good but so-so in its arrangement . Same can be said of RUN TO ME.SHINE ... Hello ????? WHO THE HECK mixed this one so that it ends the way it does ... fading out while Clay is still singing ? ODD AT BEST.I SURVIVED YOU ... If anyone at RCA is listening , this has to be the next single !!!!!!!!! An amazing song with amazing lyrics and obviously written by someone who has had their heart obliterated unnecessarily and lived to tell about it ! Thank you ! Thank you!THIS IS THE NIGHT is definitely not as good as Clay 's live performance but worthy just the same.PERFECT DAY is so-so and could have been more creatively arranged.MEASURE OF A MAN is soooooooooooo beautifully recorded with great lyrics and a touching performance.TOUCH
 I waited for so long to get this CD and I had hoped that it would be what I expected , but it was so much more . I love every song on it and I guess my favorite changes from day to day . Right now my favorite is THE WAY . I think it is one of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard . I wanted to write this letter and really blast the critics but the more I thought about it I realized that that is n't the CLAY-WAY . I understand that we ca n't expect every body to love it like Clay 's true fans do but we just have to stick behind him and let him know that the people who truly love him are estatic about the CD and we are so proud of him for sticking to his beliefs and not letting the producers talk him into compromising what he believes in . We want more of the Clay we love , and we will stick with you forever .
 Words can not describe how great this CD is . I can listen to it from beginning to end and all over again . I definitely recommend this CD to anyone who loves great music not just American Idol fans . This CD is just the beginning of a long , exciting career .
 This album is a refreshing change from most of the pop nowadays , which tends to use loud and big background to compensate for the artist 's lack of vocal talent . Here is a pure voice that does not need any embelishment , with clean melodies and beautiful lyrics , that ... gasp ... you can actually understand . Several of the lyrics , such as those of the title track Measure of a Man , are deeply moving , especially when delivered with Aiken 's sincerity . He has become known for his powerful voice , but for me it is the emotion he can convey that makes his voice truly extraordinary . The songs are a little different than his material from American Idol 2 , using less of his beautiful vibrato and relying less on glory notes , but they are no less powerful . I was also delighted to see variety of the songs , with a little touch of country in When You Say You Love Me and a hint of Latin dance rhythm in my personal favorite , Touch . Every single song is a delight to hear . And best of all , this is an album that can be enjoyed by the entire family , without worrying whether the lyrics are suitable for kids . I hope to hear more soon from this incredible young artist .
 I totally agree , I was a little disappointed when I first listened this CD . But after listening to it for a few times , I fell madly in love with this CD and Clay 's wonderful , powerful voice . Clay will have a very bright future ahead of him . I hope he will come out with an album with all the classic songs in it . That would be really nice !!!! :-RRB- This CD is a must , I have been listening to this CD nonstop !!!! GO CLAY !!!!!! EXCELLENT JOB ! Every single song is my favorite song ! Haa !
 wow , you should really get this , because it worth every cent , all the songs are great !!! The best song is measure of a man , it is such a beautiful song !
 Not much else to say for this cd . It shows all the critics out there that Clay can provide more than just Broadway music . The new edge with `` pop '' shows off his wonderful voice . Anyone who likes Clay will already purchase this cd , but for those who do n't know who he is , or know him but are n't sure to purchase ... really give it a try , you wo n't be dissapointed . This cd carries all kinds of new traits that Clay has and his voice is really shown . WOW , what a cd . Fantastic !!!!!
 I am so thrilled to own Clay 's CD , Measure of a Man . I love the sound . Some say it is old , or lame or bad , HOWEVER , I am so thankful for it ! I relate to a lot of songs and his voice sparks something deep in my soul . He is a good old fashioned boy with morals -LRB- that alone is a reason to support him -RRB- . I admire that he has taken his gifts and talents and now wealth and use them to bless the lives of others . I think the sound is GREAT . A combo of Air Supply , Moby , Enrique , and a few others ... but hey , It 's CLAY ! America 's Wild Card !
 The true Clay fans will love this cd . It has songs that apeal to the country and pop fans as well as people who love the power ballad . This cd shows clays diversity and the true power of his voice . It also showcases his ability to put so much emotion into a song that it will make you cry . One warning though once you put it in your cd player you wo n't be able to stop playing it . If this is an indication of what Clay can do I ca n't wait for his next cd . It is an amazing debut cd .
 Wow , A MUST HAVE !!!!!!!!!!! Really fresh and clean music . Wonderful voice Clay . I LOVE IT >
 This CD is fantastic . I am so impressed ; I expected it to be good , but I did n't expect it to be spectacular . What a great debut album . I think everyone will find something they like here . Enjoy !
 What can you say about perfection - you say CLAY AIKEN . This albumn has something that unites music fans together . It is just amazing and there is not one song that you will want to skip over . Never has an albumn had every song evoke such different feelings when you listen to them . All ages will love this albumn . Measure of a Man is truly AMAZING . BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Who thinks that Clay sucks is wrong?His music is very relax full and enjoyable to listen to.I bet that Rubben 's album will stink over clay 's . I new that Clay should have been American Idol over Rubben.Clay will sell more albums than Rubben will.We will see what happens.But who ever says that Clay sucks than do n't come here.Only Clay fans here.Please ...
 I love these songs , my favorite being `` No more sad songs '' and '' I will carry you '' , of course they are all just great . Buy it , you will love them .
 Invisible
 I have been wating impatiently for Clay 's CD after hearing the little clips from various songs from this album that were available on the Internet . I am not dissapointed , this young singer is giving us a wonderful compilation of songs that will be hits for every occassion . I am still trying to decide which one I like the best . It happens very rarely that there are so many great songs on one album , as a matter of the fact I do not recall one that I would play without skipping some songs . Clay , with that kind of work , you are here to stay .
 I bought Clay Aiken 's new CD and listened all the way through and have to agree with many ... every song is great . There was n't a single one that I would have skipped over . The Way and Perfect Day are great tracks . This is a must buy . I was a huge Clay fan on AI and am so happy to have a whole CD of his beautiful voice to listen to over and over again . Definitely worthy of the 5 star rating .
 Clay 's first CD was well worth the wait . The anticipation of its release was sweet ; actually having it is even better . Good choice of songs I think . Clay does very well with ballads as most of these songs are . There 's not one song on this CD I did not like . There will be no skipping through this album for a good song -- they are all good . It was nice to hear Clay sing songs that were not something someone else had done before . I do think the producers at RCA played with Clay 's voice a little too much on a couple of the songs when they do n't need to do -LRB- they just did not have Clay 's unique quality that I love -RRB- . Note to the producers for his next CD
 This CD is AMAZING ! Oh my Lord , I love it !!!!!!!! I am so impressed , so so so impressed ! It 's fantastic and ANYONE can enjoy it . It has a bit of a rock edge to it . It could appeal to ANYONE . Clay is just heaven on Earth , he is the most clean , clear and wonderful breath of fresh air imaginable . I give it a million stars .
 I love hearing Clay sing anything . This album brings out a remarkable range of emotions . His voice is beautiful in every song . The songs are interesting and Clay 's voice captures the listener the moment the songs begin . I hope this is the beginning of many more albums for Clay . I would like to see him continue to experiment and still stay true to who he is . I highly recommend purchasing this CD .
 This debut CD is the best I have ever heard !!! Clay Aiken has a very powerful unique voice that give me chills . I love the quality , depth , and emotion he brings to every meaningful song on this outstanding masterpiece . Clay Aiken is extremely talented . Please buy this CD !!!
 I 've always loved Clay , but now that I own his CD , my love for him is reinforced . The CD is an album full of his beautiful voice . Even though the lyrics to some of the songs -LRB- `` Touch '' and `` When You Say You Love Me '' -RRB- are terrible , he still sings them with grace . I can listen to this entire CD -LRB- save for the aforementioned songs -RRB- and satistfy my Clay addiction . All I can say is , this CD is highly recommended for any of my fellow Claymates .
 This is the first time that I do n't have to skip a song on a CD and love all the songs . I hardly buy any CD 's before but love Clay Aiken 's music since the first moment he walked on AI2 . There was something special about his voice and music that reminds me of songs that I grew up with -LRB- Elvis , Eagles , Chicago -RRB- . I can not listen to today 's music because you ca n't even hear what they are singing or if you could call that singing . Anyway , I bought this CD when it first came out in October and I 'm still listening to it every chance I get . Also , go buy his single The Way/Solitaire , it gave me chills watching and listening to his performance in AI3 . Clay is the winner because he proved you do n't need the AI title to be a megastar .
 Nice feel good romantic songs sung by an artist with a distinctive and beautiful voice . Not too often you get a CD where you like to listen to more than two or three tracks . Ca n't wait until this artist has even better material to show off his talents . -LRB- Side note - irrelevant to the review of the music . This artist also has plenty of character and chooses to use his spare time to promote worthy causes unlike the many one star reviewers on this site who have nothing better to do with their time than to monitor music they really have no interest in but to spread hate and discontent . You 're only making yourselves look childish - anyone with a brain can tell when a one star review is an honest one or just , as I said , someone with nothing better to do with their time but to spread their malice . -RRB-
 If you have n't already bought this c.d. , do so now ! Clay has a wonderful voice and personality . He is one of the few artists people can listen to without all the trash . My favorite song is Shine , but I love all of them ! I would highly recommend his music even if you are n't a fan !
 I totally love Clay !! I have been a fan of his ever since he was on American Idol ! Clay has a wonderful voice , and all the songs go perfect with his voice . Here is what I think about the songs :1 . Invisible - This song is soooo awesome . People think this song is creepy , but they should just shut up cause the lyrics are fine .2 . I Will Carry You - This is a really pretty song . It suites Clay 's personality good . Clay sang this song awesome live ! 3 . The Way - My favorite song on the album !!! It is so beautiful . I love the video also . If you do n't have the single , Solitaire is good also .4 . When You Say You Love Me - This song is pretty . At Clays concert , he sang the 1st line into a cell phone of one of the fans !! 5 . No More Sad Songs - I LOVE this song . It is my 2nd favorite ! 6 . Run To Me - Clay sounds amazing on this song . It really makes his voice sound great ! 7 . Shine - This song is another song where Clay sounds great ! 8 . I Survived You - This is another one of my favorites ! Even if it is a breakup song , It is still good ! 9 . This Is The Night - Well , of course I love this song . How can you not . He sang it wonderful on AI and he sings it good on the cd .10 . Perfect Day - I LOVE THIS SONG TOO ! Very cute ! Another favorite ! 11 . Measure Of A Man - I sing this song all the time in the shower . lol . It has really beautiful lyrics , and with Clays beautiful voice , it is a perfect song ! 12 . Angel - I love the music ! It 's almost as good as his voice!So This is a must-have ! In fact you should buy 1 for everyroom of your house that has a cd player , and for all of your cars !
 The CD is great and Clay Aiken 's voice is fantastic . I was not going to write this review because their are so many but I got so annoyed with people who wrote that `` Invisible '' is a `` stalker '' song . That whole notion is incredibly stupid . It 's about a guy who likes a girl and is too afraid to tell her , for fear that she will reject him . It is a great song and a great CD . I ca n't wait to hear more from him .
 The more I hear this CD , the more I love it !! Please , if you have n't already , give this CD a listen - you wo n't be sorry !!
 this man is on fire ! OMG run do not walk to get this cd and his single Solitaire with the way comes out tuesday ! Can not wait another platinum award for our man for sure . What an entertainer and what an enjoyable cd . Finally good music is back
 Clay has done a great job with 12 `` pretty-nice '' pop songs . He seems in a comfort zone as a song `` stylist . '' A couple of the songs sound too digitized or synthesized or some other odd sound . Song # 4 would be good for Cher , or a country singer . As a real fan of his voice , I wish he had better songs . The songs are neither ` hip ' nor ` un-hip . ' Just middle-of-of the road Vanilla songs . -LRB- Probably the catalog was limited . -RRB- On balance , there are at least 8 good , listen over-and-over songs , that showcase his voice and talent .
 Clay has great vocal quality . This is a great album ! Ca n't wait till the next one . His voice is powerful and he nearly always has perfect pitch . -LRB- Sometimes well-known artists do n't have it . -RRB- I always find I 'm smiling to myself when I 'm listening to Clay 's voice .
 This cd is the most breathtaking music with the most amazing voice I have heard since Elvis . Thank you Clay Aiken , for bringing such joy into my life ! You have a great stage presence , your articulate , and your all thats good in this world . Thank you again from a huge fan who loves you and your cd ! Keep them coming and I can not wait for your tour .
 I have to say that this is by Far one of the best CD I have ever bought . Every song in the album is worth listening to . There is n't one that I want to skip . Clay 's voice is a like a breath of Fresh Air . He is what music is all about . If you like ballads and enjoy listening to great music this has got to be the CD that you have to buy . The Way is one of my favorite songs in the album.It is a must hear , you will find yourself wanting to hear it over and over again.I gave this Album 5 stars because that is the highest I can give . But If I had a different choice , I would give it over 100 . It so deserves it .
 I receive this cd from a friend last week for my birthday and i can stop listen to it . I love every songs on it.Go buy Clay CD
 Sure , back in the day we had Frank Sinatra then Elvis and of course there 's Michael Jackson , but face it ... the ladies have been showing us guys up in the singing department for years . Just listen to Mariah , Celine , and Christina . But now , we have Clay!Clay Aiken is all about the voice , and what a voice he has ! Still , I must admitt that the album itself might take a few listens to truly enjoy . Even though Clay is immensely talented , I think the song son the album could 've been slightly better . Still , there are definite winners here . `` This Is the Night '' which was incidently a # 1 hit is probably my favorite . It 's a gorgeous ballad . And of course , we have the present more uptempo-ish single `` Invisible '' which is quite catchy . The ballads `` I Will Carry You '' and `` The Way '' are two more highlights . `` Perfect Day '' is another favorite of mine as is `` Run To Me . '' `` Measure of Man '' is heavy on power ballads , yet Clay 's vocals talents manage to cover up the blandness of his material . Still , such a talent deserves better songs . Clay is a welcomed change from the horrible hip hop culture that 's taken over . If you like Clay * aka ... people who can sing * I also recommend Kelly Clarkson 's `` Thankful . ''
 SHAME ON YOU AMAZON FOR LETTING SOMEBODY WRITE SUCH ATERRIBLE REVIEW AND THEN PRINTING IT . I THOUGHT YOU PEOPLEWERE HERE TO SELL MUSIC , NOT TEAR IT APART.CLAY HAS A GREAT ALBUM AND HAS A GREAT VOICE . EVERYONE SHOULDBUY THIS ALBUM - IT IS REFRESHING TO BE ABLE TO UNDERSTAND THEWORDS AND NOT HEAR ANY FILTHY WORDS . YOU HAVE LOST ME AS ACUSTOMER - I WILL NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH AMAZON.COM AGAIN .
 i was a ruben fan during american idol but now i think im neing turned into a clay maniac !!
 Eat your words Simon , Paula and Randy !! Clay Aiken is no one shot wonder because of `` Bridge Over Troubled Water '' . And anyone who does not like this album has either not listened and gave a negative review based on person opinions.Clay Aiken is like a breath of fresh air in the music world full of dope heads , crack addicts , alcoholics , etc. . What a role model and example for other young people to follow . This is why God is blessing Him with so much success.Aiken has proven that he can deliver the goods and he certainly does on this CD . Every song is a keeper . No filler here . All are beautifully paced and Clay is incandescent and resplendent on every songs ... quite an accomplishment for a CD !! Clay is the ` real deal ' . The fact that he appeals to every age group in america has proven that this talented , good , humble young man will be around for a long , long time . Non-Clay fans ... eat your hearts out ! Envy has no place in this world.And to all Clay fans who have n't bought this CD yet ... get it quick ... you will NOT BE disappointed . And pay no attention to the negative reviews you see here . THey are just sour grapes !
 Measure Of A Man is a wonderful album . The songs are about the lyrics and Clay Aiken sings them clearly and with meaning . His voice has range and clarity and his sustained notes display his vocal ability . Most importantly , this album makes me feel good . It makes me smile when so many things bring me down . It speaks to me . It is not esoteric , it is not gritty
 First of all I would like to address the negative reviews I have read on here so far . If you actually listened to the CD and dont like it because you honestly think it stinks than your review is welcome BUT if you are just here to bash him because you are a Rubin lover or you have a problem with him personaly than your review has no place here . We are reviewing the music , not the man . I thought Rubin had a wonderful voice but when I listen to the radio I hear a thousand Rubens on the radio . Clay on the other hand has a range and the ability to sing any song . With that out of the way I would like to review this CD.When I first listened to it I was not impressed with the songs they had picked for him . A few I thought were bubble gum pop . After listening to the CD several times ... -LRB- Im wearing it out -RRB- . . I found that all the songs are great . I would prefere some songs with a little more edge geared to adults . I would like to hear him play some music with a soft rock edge such as Matchbox20 or Train would sing . Clay can sing anything . I agree , some of the lyrics are a little cheesy but then some are mature.I agree , Clay has a great ballad voice and several of you expressed dissapointment that he was drowned out by the instruments or you would prefere more ballands . Lets not forget that in the end its a money issue . Ballads really dont make the charts these days and are not money makers . He needs to record what sells . I love a great ballad but he needs to make a name for himself other than a broadway ballad singer.This is a great CD and worth the money . I look forward to the next CD.Again ... if you are here to attack him personally and not here to honestly rate the music than your not welcome .
 The songs are all very `` singable '' - listen to them a few times and you will find yourself humming ' ... invisible , invisible ... ' This should get a lot of radio play . If not , the DJs have big hangups with American Idol , or Clay Aiken 's cleanliness frightens them.Also , it 's not true that there are no upbeat songs . If you listen to Invisible , you will daaance ! I also LOVED No More Sad Song , and I Will Carry You .
 clay is an awesome performer and he is such and inspiration to me and my family . he has made me want to be a special education teacher and i want to thank him for it i love u clay eventhough i do n't know u !!!
 This Cd was fantastic . He has such an awesome voice . I am very impressed by the way that he sang those songs because all of them just got me so excited . Clay should have won , Clay really should have one . And he is going to win again on the music sales because this CD is one of my favorites of all time now .
 I remember when Clay first walked out on Idol , everyone just sort of stared at him because of his somewhat geeky looks . But the starring stopped when the boy sang . I continued to watch Idol specifically to follow Clay , whome I affectionately called `` Nerdy Boy '' . There hasnt been a premier male pop singer in a long time . -LRB- sorry guys , I dont consider all the Eminems of the world to have nice voices -RRB- The only complaint I have about the CD is lack of musical variety and types of songs -LRB- as usual -RRB- . The songs are mostly mid tempo ballads , which I like , and fit Clay well , but he can do more ! I hate it when companies make singers do a ton of homogenized songs to be ` safe ' . Clay to me is sort of the male equal to Celine Dion -LRB- in the voice people , in the voice -RRB- . He 's got this imense , magical range and vocal power , yet just like Celine , his song choices -LRB- or his producers ' song choices I 'll bet -RRB- just dont show off his real chops . Little more variety , perhaps a little more edge -LRB- not too much ... we have enough ` angry young man ' music out there -RRB- , and we could really see Clay take off!In any case , I love Clay 's voice to death , and this CD is a great start to what I hope is a great career ! The best songs on here , in my opinion , are Invisible , I Survived You , and This is the Night -LRB- personal fave ! -RRB- . Go ... get it ... love it !
 GREAT !!! I think this is probably the only cd I have purchased that I actually liked every song on it . I absolutely love the cd . Go CLAY !!!!
 I love this CD !!! Clay really knows how to emote a song and make you feel right along with him . These songs are wonderful , from the upbeat '' Invisible '' , to the haunting '' I Survived You '' . may Clay 's career last for as long as he wants to be in this business . He will only get better with time , and I ca n't wait to see what the future holds for this wonderful performer and young man !
 I WENT TO KMART AT 7:00 A.M. AND HAD THE CLERK GO TO THE STOCKROOM BECAUSE I COULD N'T WAIT ANY LONGER FOR THIS ALBUM . DEFINITELY WAS WORTH THE WAIT . WHEN IS THE NEXT ONE !!!!!?????
 I think Clay Aiken is an extremely talented young man and I love his voice . To me , he won the competition . The cd is very good . If you 're a Clay Aiken fan , and there are many of us out there , you wo n't be disappointed . If I had one `` complaint '' it 's that I wish there were more songs with less accompaniment so that we could hear more of his beautiful , pure voice . I would have prefered more ballads with a simple guitar or piano accompaniment . He does n't need any help with his voice!I did like the cd very much and I 'll listen to it often . It was worth waiting for and I look forward to anything else he does .
 To be honest , this album has sort of an old school feel that is mixed with more contemporary sounds . There is no hip hop , R&B , or hard rock . That 's cool with me . Clay Aiken is not trying to be somebody he 's not here . This is a pure pop album that everyone can listen to . That 's a good thing , considering my grandmother and my 16 year old male cousin also like him . There is something that will appeal to everyone on this song . Clay Aiken has pipes and he will remind you of this every so often . He does n't blatantly show off his pipes in every song just becaue he can . He 's no Celine Dion ! Start off with Invisible , No More Sad Songs , and I Survived You . Each of these songs has a bit of a rock edge Journey meets Elton John meets Matchbox 20 style . Perfect Day , Touch , and When You Say You Love Me are all very Beatlesesque . I was very surprised to see that Enrique Eglesias co wrote The Way . This is a cool mid tempo ballad and very catchy . Run to Me sounds like a ballad for a romantic movie . This is a great song because Clay sings this in his delicious lower tenor register . Even though it has an inspirational message , I Will Carry You is probably the weakest song on the cd , until the bridge part where he gets to belt . Other than that , that song is too lite FM and a waste of his powerful vocal range . It is sung with too much of a whisper and does n't really sound like Clay Aiken at all . If you 've seen Clay Aiken on American Idol , you know that he sings with melisma -LRB- which is probably at the center of all the broadway criticism -RRB- . He controls that on this cd , perhaps a little too much . That may or may not be a good thing depending on your view . I happen to think that makes his voice less 3 dimentional , but he still sounds great . This is a great first cd , but I 'd like to see him expand his efforts .
 This is Pure GOld !!! I love it , I love it , I love it !!! There is not a song on it that I do n't like !!! Way to go Clay !!!!
 After waiting for months to get this album I was a little disappointed with the opening track `` Invisible '' . It did n't sound like the Clay we have all come to know and love . The first few tracks sounded a bit `` over-produced '' and lacked the style that makes Clay special , but as the album progresses , so do the quality of the recordings . After a few listens to the album , I 've found that every song has something special to offer whether it be Clay 's vocals or the lyrics or the music itself . One thing I enjoy most about the album is that it has more of a `` rock '' type feel to it on many of the tracks and does n't fall strictly into the `` pop '' genre as most people come to know it -LRB- eg . Justin Timberlake , Justin Guarini , etc -RRB- .
 After listening to the entire CD about 6 times , I am completely in love with each and every song ! I have to admit that was n't my initial feeling after the first listen , but these songs -LRB- and THAT VOICE -RRB- just grow on you . I ca n't get enough of it . My favorite is the title song.I agree that I 'd love to hear Clay make a CD with some of the classics that he does so well . Maybe that 's next . For his debut album , however , it could n't be better .
 The best pure voice and the song choices are excellent . This is the ultimate proof that Clay should have won American Idol 2 . I 'm predicting this album will out-sell both Kelly Clarkson , Ruben Studdard , and the rest of the `` runner-ups . '' Best CD in my collection .
 Clay has some great love ballads on this cd I am sure will go to # 1 . This is a great debut album , and anyone who does not see that , does n't understand the type of singer that Clay is.Every song on this cd fit Clay 's voice perfectly.This cd is just what I expected Clive Davis to do with it.Clay has his own sound and he doe n't sound like anyone else.This cd marks the beginning of a legend.CONGRATULATIONS CLAY , YOU DID IT !!!!!!
 I just love anything this artist does !!! Every time I think that I have a favorite song , another one comes along that is just as great . Wonderful album !!!!!!!!!
 I love the album but Clay could sing `` Mary Had a Little Lamb '' and I 'd beg to hear it again . Enough great balads that you can stand the absence of `` Solitare '' . The only problem is that there are too many seconds from the end of one track to the start of the next one . I usually have a favorite track or two on albums that I purchase but this time it is a tough choice . I could n't listen again fast enough . I already loved the two singles -LRB- `` This is the Night '' and `` Invisible -RRB- so I just considered the ones I had n't heard . `` The Way '' , `` Run to Me '' , `` Shine '' , `` Measure of a Man '' and `` I Survived You '' jump out at me as candidates for future videos or just swaying to in stadium with a lighter but there are no losers when Clay sings .
 I love every song on this CD . It 's an exceptional change from the nasty , derogatory music being churned out by the cookie cutter pop stars . Clay Aiken breaks the mold and amazes the mold maker . He delivers to the heart . Each song touches you on a very human level . True to himself , this is Clay .
 If you really want to know what the experts say , read the review of Clay 's album on Billboard.com where the music reviewer cites this album as ` The Best Album of 2003 ' . Does n't get any better than that , does it ? I 'm no expert , but I love listening to anything Clay sings . Do wish though that the producers of this album had included ` Solitaire ' along with a couple of other classics . This is the voice of an angel ... with the right material he will soar beyond the heavens . Looking forward to the next album !
 Clay delivers his awesome voice on this mix of songs in a way that would make his fans proud . He has such a beautiful range of vocals , and the seemingly flawless voice reaches into certain parts of your heart and soul and pull forth a reaction , whether good or bad . The song Invisible speaks for itself , and I will carry you is sure to be very popular , but my favorites are The Way , and Measure of a Man . Clay delivers what he feels the fans and public want , and I feel he has done a FANTASTIC job for his debut album . Keep up the great work , Clay , and enjoy your ride to stardom !!!
 I HIGHLY recommend this album for ANY Clay Aiken fan ! I have watched Clay from day one , when he entered that room with Simon , Randy and Paula , and declared himself the `` American Idol '' . In my opinion , he IS the American Idol ! I could not wait for this album to be released and I am NOT disappointed ! The first three songs are wonderful -- one of my favorites being `` Measure of a Man '' , the title song of this CD . This is only his FIRST album and I predict the next to be even better ! Congratulations , Clay , for the release of your first album ! I look forward to watching it soar thru the charts !
 What a great CD ! I can hardly wait for his next one . Clay could sing `` Mary Had A Little Lamb '' and I 'd like it and buy it . I 'm considered one of those `` older woman '' fans . I 'm 50 and I 've always been involved with music in one way or another , but I 've never written a review before . Clay has captured my heart with his beautiful voice and beautiful smile . I wish him all the best and look forward to more platinum hits .
 I purchased my first copy of this cd when it was first released and loved it so much I bought MORE for myself and for gifts ! Every song on it is awesome ! I have never listened to a cd and LOVED every song on it before . I listen to it every day in the car , so does my husband . I now find him turning OFF the radio and putting this CD ON and humming clays songs around the house ! Buy more than ONE , you 'll be glad you did ! This is a TREASURE ! Measure of a Man brings tears to my eyes what a beautiful song !
 One of the finest vocalists to come along in ages ! `` Measure of a Man '' is an inspiring first release . I have seen him in concert and his voice is magnificent ! So many artists fall short when performing live ... they need all the help the studio engineers can give . This is not the case with Mr. Aiken . He is absolutely brilliant and I look forward to all his future endeavors . Check out his beautiful rendition of `` Proud of Your Boy '' on the Aladdin DVD , and if you missed his `` Merry Christmas With Love '' CD last year , make sure to pick it up as well.He is the real deal .
 ***** I love this CD !!! The songs are great !! Even if he did n't write them . The people who wrote them wrote great catchy songs ! When Clay sings them it makes the songs even better !!! The songs are fun to sing along to . So far I memorized # 's 1 , 3,4,7,9 , and 10 . His voice is so great and amazing !!! All the songs are about a man facing relationships with a girl . They are so great !! I ca n't wait to get all the other CD 's he comes out with !!! Get this CD if you havent already !!! Go Clay Aiken !!!!!!! *****
 I agree with Paul and if you do too you 'll love this CD . Not the strongest songs around , but still addictive and and you 'll like every track . Most CD 's maybe 2 or 3 of the songs you really like and the rest are ok . This CD you like them all ... probably because you like `` silly love songs '' , but mostly because of the wonderful and distinctive quality of Clay 's voice . He sounds like no one else and I just have to stop and listen whenever a song of his comes on . In these troubled times , it is a real break to have a CD full of love sung by a real role model with a beautiful voice . For those of you who want a little romance and just feel good music in your lives - buy this CD .
 Let me just give you a `` jist '' of Measure of A Man and its success . It has already been certified Platinum twice by SoundScan and Billboard . This CD was at no. 1 at it 's debut , and continued in its second week . Clay Aiken won at the American Music Awards and the Billboard awards . The second runner up of American Idol 2 series truly proves that talent prevails over just looks , or any other superficial views of an artist . In this CD , Clay does a very good job vocally and emotionally to express each song .1 . Invisible -LRB- 4:03 -RRB-
 From the very first time that I heard Clay sing on AI2 , I was in awe . I fell in love with him . I am drawn to him like a magnet . When this CD came out , I got it right away . In a few days I knew every song by heart . This is a great CD . Clay really shows what he has got and man does he got it . I recommend this CD to everyone . My Husband is not a clay lover but I find him listening to my Clay CD in the car at times . So even the most burley men like Clays singing . I look forward to the next Clay CD and hope it is soon .
 Although I have n't received my album yet , I have all the tracks on the album on my computer . Ca n't wait until the real thing arrives ! Every song is awesome !!! Clay said he is not perfect , well what person is , but this album is perfection . I have never heard an album where every track has grabbed me like this one does . The thought and caring he put into it shines through every song . I love them all , but in the odd event someone does n't take to a particular song , you can bet there will be others that do . There is something for everyone . Enjoy this great music and this fabulous singer everyone , for here is a sales record breaker for sure .
 I HAVE LOVED YOU FROM THE BEGINNING ! YOU ARE SO COMPLETELY GORGEOUS ON THE INSIDE AND OUT ! YOUR VOICE IS JUST INCREDIBLE ! GO BUY THIS AND EVERYTHING ELSE OF HIM !!!!!!!! WELL GOT TA GO CUPCAKE !!!!!!!!!!! SOUTHERN HOTTIE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This was my tenth copy of Measure of a Man , plus two imports , -- Need I Say More ? Clay 's captivating voice can carry any song with ease and brings many hours of pleasure just listening to him . I 'm definitely looking forward to his next CD release and will no doubt be purchasing ten of them .
 What a talent . Hope to hear a lot more from him in the future .
 I 've played this cd every day since I bought it and like it more and more . I 've shared it with many friends , men and women , who also love it . Clay has a wonderful voice and I ca n't wait for him to grow with better material . Ca n't help but think the reviewers who gave such `` harsh '' reviews have not listened to the album , but only played excerpts . Also , really do n't understand people who criticize others for their preference in music , like they are the only ones who know anything . I have a strong music background of my own and a love of many types of music and this is a CD I will continue to play often . I agree with the reviewer who reminded us of how the Beatles got no respect when first starting out . Loved Clay 's version of `` Here , There and Everywhere '' - He makes most songs his own . As for the Clay/Ruben American Idol winner -- Most people do n't believe anyone could be the real winner ... when Ruben 's mother can dial in 200 times and others can only get in once or twice - something is wrong . I like Ruben 's voice also and will certainly consider purchasing his CD , but given the right material , in my opinion , Clay has the best voice and best potential . Play it again and you 'll appreciate the purity and warmth of his voice and the feel good songs .
 You have to listen to it ! Every song tells something special , and there 's no need to skip through some songs , because all of them are so good ! Clay 's voice is really unique . You have to have this album in your CD collection .
 This album is awesome . It has something for everyone . Pop and a little R&B . Even though Clay did not win American Idol , he lost over Ruben Studdard . Hello ! How could he have ? He has more music selections and styles than Ruben ever did and besides , I like Ruben and I like his album `` Soulful '' but , Ruben , you can do better on albums and songs if you take the chance that Clay has taken on `` Measures Of A Man . '' Go Clay ! I LOVE this album !!!
 This is one of the best debuts ever . I 'm glad that Mr. Aiken surprises his listeners with refreshing pop and rock vocals . Mr. Aiken does n't allow himself to be pigeonholed by a television show with this CD . He breathtakingly ventures beyond the AI audience into his own realm . Clay Aiken is creating his own category . This CD should be on everyone 's list .
 Personally , I find the reviews on this site to be Clay haters arguing with Clay fans , and vice versa . What I think needs to be done , is take a step back , and look at this CD in a different way.Do you like this CD ? Obviously if you hate Clay , there 's no way you 're going to like this CD and that 's that . If you love Clay , you are n't going to hate it.Look at it like this . This CD is all Clay . He puts his message , personality , and voice into the music . If that is what you like , then like it . If you do n't , you do n't . Do n't be biased either way . Look at it from the middle point . We are n't getting anywhere arguing.Clay fans , buy this CD . You 'll adore it.Clay haters , do n't . You 'll dispise it .
 I could not wait to get my hands on this cd . It is great . Every song is wonderful . This CD shows the real talent of Clay . For a person who came in second , it does n't show in his first CD . For anyone who loved Clay on American Idol - get this CD , you will not be dissapointed .
 I watched this guy on American Idol and he got better week by week . I did n't think he had any more surprises in store , and I expected an album along the lines of his song This Is The Night . I could n't have been more wrong !! Not only did they redo This Is The Night -LRB- better than the single -RRB- but the other songs are all new and very good ! I love The Way and When You Say You Love Me , Clay makes me believe him with his delivery of the lyrics . It is easy listening , but it also has an edge ! No More Sad Song and Touch are also favorites and they are far from sappy or soft . His voice is strong and powerful when necessary , as well as soft and sincere when called for . He is a delight from the first song to the last.All the songs have a stamp of originality on them that is missing with today 's music . I could easily forsee 5 or 6 of these songs making it into the top 10 on several music charts . The only thing this album lacks is the charisma Clay Aiken brings to a live performance , which could n't easily be captured on a cd ! If you get the chance to see him perform live , jump at it . In the meantime , get this album while you can and enjoy the ride that is the wave this man is most deservedly on !! He is much better than you would think ! I can hardly wait for his next album , though I am far from tired of the classics on this album !! I love this album , my 72 year old Mother loves it , my 3 year old Son and 12 year old Niece love it , as well as my other family members spanning several generations!Keep your eye on Clay Aiken , he is going places fast !! He is just wonderful !! You just ca n't get enough of this new Super Star and his Breath Of Fresh Air approach !!!
 This is my second review of this CD . I was so impressed by it after a couple of listens I had to post a review , but now I 've been listening for a week and a half and I am loving it even more . Thank you Mr. Davis for giving Clay his own songs to sing instead of including covers . Thank you Clay for doing such a great job with these songs . Someone suggested Clay had lost his soul ? These songs are full of soul and longing and joy . I like some tracks better than others , with Shine , Perfect Day and I Will Carry You being my favorites , but they are all good and I am never tempted to skip a song . This is not about who won American Idol or anybody 's character , this is about music and this CD is very enjoyable music indeed !
 Measure of a Man is a highly listenable , addicting album of 12 songs all of which could be potential # 1 hits . Clay Aiken 's startlingly beautiful voice highlights each unique song with perfect emotion and power that cuts to the bone , compelling you to listen over and over again . I have not had reason to purchase a CD in years . This one is worth every penny and more .
 Ignore the people who say that he should have sung more adult songs . These are ADULT songs . I appreciate the tone of the album . I 'm glad that the CD is filled with new material . IT 'S GREAT !!! I think the album has the ability to appeal to all ages if you have an open mind . It 's not bubblegum music . IT 'S THE REAL DEAL!THIS CD SHOWCASES CLAY 'S VOICE IN WAYS THAT I NEVER WOULD HAVE IMAGINED . His voice is so flexible and it 's evident with the song selection.Don ' t listen to the people who complain and whine about the song selection . It 's terrific.BUY CLAY 'S CD . YOU 'LL LOVE IT .
 Okay so i always loved clay but i didnt like his single . So i was nervous about the cd . But please buy it im telling you you will love it . THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAD WITH THE CD IS that there wearnt alot of fast songs BUT they were all great amazing songs . Heres what i thought of them1 . Invisible - you probley know this song but i give it 5/52 . I Will Carry You -5 / 5 great lyrics3 . The Way - 5/5 love it great love song4 . When You Say You Love Me -4 / 5 i really like it but its a country song and i dont like country5 . No More Sad Songs -5 / 5 love this song ! it will make you feel up lifted6 . Run to Me - 5/5 one of my favorites7 . Shine - 3/4 alot of people lvoe this song i do like it it has good lyrics i just dont like the music its self not clays voice8 . I Survived You - 5/5 2nd favorite great song great lyrics great voice9 . This is the Night-3 / 5 you know this song im sure i thnk i just got sick of hearing it10 . Perfect Day-4 / 5 good song up-beat11 . Measure of a Man - 5/5 favorite song ! Love it i listen to it over and over again12 . Touch-55 clay like you never heard him very pop song i really liked it but some dont its very mondern i love itall in all i promise you will love this cd .
 After reading so many of these reviews , I am a little confused . I love music from a variety of genres , including hip-hop , R&B , and Jazz . It seems that so many people that give the album poor reviews thinks Clay Aiken could have done better with other producers , writers , etc. . Are n't they tired of new stars riding on the coattails of big time artists ! Nobody showcases their talent by having JayZ or Beyonce , or any of these artist perform on their CD . Clay 's CD reminds me of when artists stood on their own !! I am not a Clay fanatic , I just know good music when I hear it , and this certainly fits that mold !
 Billboard Magazine bestowed Clay with this wonderful comment , and I could n't agree more ! Clay 's album is beautiful , his voice soars and the songs are very catchy . I have turned so many people into Clay fans by playing this CD for them - everyone who hears it is touched by his music just as I have been . This album is worth every penny - there is not one `` dud '' song on the entire album . Clay 's talent , charisma , and heart are going to change pop music forever , and this album proves that the revolution has already begun !
 I 'm listening to Clay 's brilliant album while I type this , which is a little distracting ... the title track -LRB- playing now -RRB- is a truly beautiful song that I feel will be hailed in years to come as a classic and one of Clay 's signature songs.I 'd say that ` Measure of a Man ' is my favourite song , if it were n't for the fact that there are 11 other tracks on this CD which become my favourite every time I listen to them ! I 'm HIGHLY impressed and there is n't a single track that I 'm tempted to skip - very unusual , if not unheard of , in my experience.Clay deserves all the success he 's been receiving and more for this album . I only hope he has the chance to release his music in Britain soon ; I 've been glued to the internet since May hoping to see more of him and will be very glad to welcome him over here ! With an album this good , he 's going to be one popular gent indeed ...
 This CD is great . Usually , I hear a song I like and buy the CD for that song , only to have to skip a few tracks because I just ca n't get into them . This one was different . I liked all the songs . This was a welcome change to what usually happens . Clay is extremely talented , and in my opinion , has what it takes to please consumers who are so totally turned off by a lot of the music today . I have read a lot of reviews , both positive and negative , but believe that the reviews that count are from the people who buy the CD 's , and as for me , I am looking forward to Clay 's next one .
 I could not wait to buy this CD and it was well worth the wait . I have listened to it a dozen or more time and love all of the songs . Even though this cd was rushed I think it was great , that means his next cd will be even better .
 This album is phenomenal !!!!!!!! Clay 's voice captures each note to perfection !!! I was greatly impressed with the emotional impact of each song !!! This album is truly worthy of triple platinuim status !! `` The Way '' will probably be Clay 's biggest hit !! It is just remarkable !! Melana
 Clay Aiken 's long awaited CD `` Measure of A Man '' was worth the wait . Most of the songs were not familiar to me , but after listening through the first time , I quickly became fond of `` No More Sad Song '' , I Will Carry You '' and `` Measure of A Man '' . I was already a fan of `` Invisible '' and `` This Is The Night '' . All of the songs are excellent.The songs are upbeat , words are easy to understand , and tunes are quite catchy . This is a CD that both young and old will enjoy . I recommend it highly .
 To me , nobody sings better than CLAY AIKEN . His voice is so entertaining and enjoyable . CLAY AIKEN can sing anything . This CD is my favorite CD that I have ever owned . Please buy it !!!
 This album is wonderful !! There is n't a song on here that I do n't love !
 this is one of those rare cd 's where every song is so awesome . i would recommend this cd to everyone !
 I ca n't get enough of this CD . I play it every day , many times a day . I hear the next single will be `` The Way '' with `` Solitaire '' on the B-side , both perfect choices . Clay 's voice gets more unbelievably beautiful every time I hear him . I was worried about this CD catering more to what passes for popular music today , but , thankfully every track is a gem and remains true to Clay himself and his fans . My favorites are No More Sad Song , The Way , I Will Carry You , Run to Me , but it 's really hard to pick favorites because they are all so good . I simply can not wait for a brand new full CD of Clay . He and his voice are a winner in every sense of the word ... and do n't forget he just won American Music Award 's Fans ' Choice and a Billboard award for his single , This is the Night/Bridge Over Troubled Waters . As Diane Sawyer said , `` He 's on a rocket to the stars ! ''
 What a GREAT cd !!! I love listening to Clay over and over and over again !! WOW !!! Great job !!!! Thank you so much for making this cd !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This cd is unquestionably the best of 2003 . Clay 's voice is pure and unique . He proves again that his talent is second to none in the music industry . His range is amazing.For all those who attempt to write negative reviews ; you are too obvious . There is no need to waste your efforts because this singer has it all
 I start my commute each morning with Track 10 - Perfect Day - and then continue to listen to every song on the CD during my drive in to work . Each song is inspiring and emotional . I love this CD and ca n't wait for the next Clay release .
 Look at Clay Aiken . What a success story . But as with Clay , Measure of a Man can not be taken at face value ... or maybe not even after the first listen through . I suggest you play this CD , then play it again . And by the third time around ... you will be in love . Literally . The wonderful `` Invisible '' is just plain and simple - a real catchy , fun tune . You will be singing along , and perhaps even dancing . There is no way to fight it . `` I Will Carry You '' is triumphant and moving . But `` The Way '' and the title track `` Measure of a Man '' are the real gems here . This is a CD you keep in your player and just play over and over . It is get you through the day and then the night kind of music . If you are not already a Clay Aiken fan , give this CD a listen ... and then a second listen . You will not be disappointed .
 After my dissapointment with the cover of `` Bridge '' on his first CD , I was truly hoping that his first full CD would bring back the chills I experienced while listening to his preformances during AI2 . Unfortunately , it is evident that the music mogles `` turned down '' the emotion of his voice for this recording . The inflections and range that he had demonstrated during the competition -LRB- what I call the `` chill factor '' -RRB- were not there on the CD . I 'm not a music expert by any stretch , but there is just `` something '' missing from his voice.That being said , I still thoroughly enjoyed the CD . The songs are well written and it is evident that a lot of thought was put into the selections , as each seems to say something about Clay and his personality . All true Aiken fans will enjoy the recording . It is truly a breath of fresh air in an otherwise poluted pop music industry .
 I think the album is brilliant . Clay has a voice that soars over most of his contemporaries.But I agree that RCA should bring out the big stuff for Clay . RCA should step aside and let Clay showcase all of his talent . They should spend more time on songs and a little less talking smack in Time Magazine.Best Male Artist in years . Finally !!!
 I love all the songs on the album and its a great first album . I feel the song `` touch '' is probably my favorite and then the next would be `` The Way '' and both would do very well on the charts if released as a single . Clay definitely does sound different than A I and in some aspects I miss that amazing vocal range he has which is clearly not expressed as much on his debut CD . All and all the CD is very good but I hope for this next album there are songs that have more of a range in them .
 It 's refreshing to hear a CD that you can listen and relax to . -LRB- You can listen to the CD without having you eardrums being blown out . -RRB- Clay has a wonderful voice and the ability to sing any type of song .
