 If you like dark underground murder , murder , murder albums this is for you . I like gansta rap and this is B.S. Beats do n't knock as hard and dude thinks he 's it now b/c he 's rich . Man you ai n't pullin ' no triggers your too rich for that . Why lie about laying people out and say that 's your life ? Let 's be real he ca n't even get into a fight without being sued so it 's just trash talkin ' . I 'm not hatin ' his 1st album was TIGHT . Good beats and everything but I seriously think he fell WAAYYY off with this one . I did n't try to sell my copy i just threw it out . Its my fault what did I expect from an album call the massacre ... GARBAGE !!
 Ok , believe it or not I only listened to part of this CD . Yes , one of my first reviews to not listen to the full CD . But there is a reason for this . I think I got a good enough idea on how bad The Massacre is.The first thing that bothers me is the awful , wack beats on The Massacre . Come on ! Listen to `` This Is 50 '' and try to tell me this beat is good , because it 's not.The second thing that comes to mind are the boring , second-grade lyrics . `` Clicky clank money goes in my bank . '' `` Get in my car b **** ! '' . What was that all about ? `` Ski Mask Way '' , `` Hate It Or Love It '' , and `` Candy Shop '' are the only songs on this CD worth listening to . If you own a radio , you 'd probably heard `` Candy Shop '' at least 100 times this week . And if you own Game 's CD , there 's `` Hate It Or Love It '' . If this CD has only one song on this CD that is good , my question to you is why even bother?Replay Value
 I want to start this off sayin that 50 's Get Rich or Die Tryin ' was a classic CD for Eastcoast hip-hop . It boosted New York in the hip-hop game as well as gangsta rap . 50 became King of New York and sold 11 million worldwide . That 's amazing . But it seems all the fame and money has gottin to 50 's head . In The Massacre you can tell he has gottin lazy by just recording any song for the hell of it . I guess because he knows that anything he sings will get platium.The Massacre iz not gangsta or hardcore as Get Rich . In his first album he talked bout ' gettin shot and growin up alone in queens . People loved that . But in this album he talks about it all over again . It like listen to 21 Questions 21 times , and listen to In Da Club over again . I 'm not a hater . 50 has talent out his ass . It just seems like that talent only comes out in hardcore rap songs like Many Men and patiently waiting . Also his mixtapes shows he is nuttin to f*ck wit ! But The Massacre has no street song except for In my Hood which is hot . But If u a fan of gangsta rap like Biggie 2pac DMX this album is defintely not for u. Save this one for the girls .
 His reign of annoyance is at an end . Check out the song titles . They are even dumber then the last ones . Piggy Bank , Candy Shop , Gatman and Robin , Ski Mask Way , My Toy Soldier and lets not forget the misspellings . He found a way to make nursery rhymes badazz , SO original . 2 Quarter gives more then just rap a bad name ; he is a joke and an insult to music in general . Still living off his image of being shot 9 times -LRB- shot 9 times cause he sucks -RRB- he tries to resurrect himself by declaring a `` Gangsta '' war on another rapper named `` the Game '' . In my opinion , `` The Game '' is a stupid name , but from what I have heard , his new record is far better . So thumbs up for him as he clearly won this `` Gangsta '' war . All 2 quarter is trying to do is avoid doing insurance commercials with M.C. Hammer . But his time is coming , his career is falling and his money will continue to rise until * poof * , it 's all gone . Well , 50 , Hope your future career as the replacement for the Geico Gecko goes well for you . Hell be sayin ' `` I just saved a bunch of dolla bill $ yo , by joinin ' the geico gang ! '' or something similar , assuming he can read the cue cards.P.S . If you liked this , then check out my review for get Rich or Die trying which is the first part to this vent/rant of rage .
 I know it 's been a while since this cd has come out now , but for some reason after just listening to it i got the urge to write a review . I try and listen to it over and over again hoping that i will like it and find something positive about it . However , i have realized that this CD is total garbage . When 50 first entered the rap game in early 2000 he had the streets on fire . His lyrics were interesting , he could write a great hook , and he was creative . Then he came out with get rich or die trying which in my opinion was a classic . It had everything u could possibly want in a rap album . Great songs , strong lyrics , hot production , and a hot diss track in `` Back Down . '' Now 50 has gone along and exemplified everything that is wrong with the rap game today . He is overly cocky and arrogant and could care less if he puts out a hot album that relates to the streets . Just about all the songs on this album are either club , love , or radio songs . The songs that are n't club or radio just suck . For example , the song `` I dont need em '' copy 's the same beat from Ghostface 's `` Metal Lungies . '' The `` Hate it or love it remix '' shows that 50 is too lazy to spit a new verse for the track that debuted on Game 's the documentary . The song `` Piggy Bank '' is a pointless low blow to fat joe , jada , and nas . This song simply demonstrates 50 's attempt to make money off dissing the games top rappers that did nothing to deserve it . However , they all owned 50 on their responses to Piggy Bank . The song `` Baltimore Love Thing '' shows 50 's attempt to be overly creative rapping as heroin to the addict , which didnt work at all . The song is dull and retarded.For some reason on this cd he sounds extra slow and stupid . This just adds to the boringness and uncreativeness of the cd . What can i say , this cd is just an absolut mess . I truly beleive that this cd wasnt bad because of lack of skill , but rather lack of commitment . On Get Rich or Die Trying he was focused primarily on the album . However , this time around on the massacre the album was the least of his worries . He has been too caught up with sneakers , clothes , beverage drinks , and concerts . However , from here on out he will probably stay with the same format as the Massacre . It sold a ridiculous amount of copies and has been number 1 for a while . The album is more Hip-Pop than Hip-Hop and Hip-Pop will sell more any day . It seems that 50 's a hipocrit and took a page out of Ja Rules playbook . Well i 've said enough but if ive givin any advice at all its please dont buy this cd if your a true fan of Rap . It 's corney , boring , and not hot at all .
 Based on the number of existing or potential radio-hits on `` The Massacre , '' it would seem that the album deserves at least three stars by default . I WOULD give it three stars if the number of good songs in this album were among a total of only a dozen or so tracks , or in other words I would give this album three stars if it were the length of the average CD and not groaning under the weight of what I think are filler tracks.The problem with this CD is that it is exhausting to listen to because Fifty Cent does n't vary his message -LRB- b ** ch I 'll kill you , I 'm a gangsta , I sell drugs , I hate JaRule , I am the next Tupac , I 'm going to say I 'm rap 's ` MVP ' even though Vanilla Ice could shred me in a lyrical battle , etc. -RRB- , and the album gets soooo boring.Highlights of this album , for me , were : - Candy Shop == > a repetitive , gimmicky track that is already a radio hit - Disco Inferno == > a repetitive , gimmicky track that is already a radio hit - Hate it or Love It -LRB- G-Unit remix -RRB- == > a repetitive , gimmicky track that is aninferior re-tread of the same song that appeared on The Game 's `` TheDocumentary `` Pretty much , I guess that means the only songs I like on this album are those where in he panders to the Top 40 and tries to write catchy hooks . The songs I like on this album are disposable , and not really timeless , classic songs.The rest of this album -LRB- especially `` Piggy Bank , '' which is a diss-track I believe even two ten year old girls with a jumprope could outrhyme -RRB- seems to be Fifty Cent 's attempt to say , `` No , ignore my attempts to be black Brittney Spears -- I am still a hardcore thug . `` No thank you . He seems to want the best of both worlds -- to be a millionaire sellout , and a thug keeping it real and `` reppin ' his hood . `` The trouble is , he does n't fill either mold very well as a person . If I want sellout , I 'll buy something from Will Smith -LRB- I 'm sure we all could just spend a long time going off on THAT guy -RRB- and when I want thug I 'll buy old NWA.Fifty Cent writes good contemporary pop-rap . He probably knows this , and a lot of his tracks are obvious attempts to prove it is n't true.He failed .
 this has got to be the most overplayed and most annoying piece of trash i 've ever heard . i would n't recommend this $ h!t to anyone . i feel sorry for who ever wasted there money on this crap . just like jadakiss said it 's gon na end up as a weed plate . DO N'T BUY IT !!
 I never really was a fan of 50 but he did have a couple of catchy songs that I liked . This album is so overrated , he continues to rap about the same thing , that he has rapped about in all of his other albums . The whole `` Ghetto Scenario '' is so old . I 'm very suprised at this ablum , I 'm quite sure 50 can do much better than talk smack about people .
 `` I 'll take you to the candy shop i 'll let you lick the lollipop dont stop till you hit the spot '' ENOUGH SAID !! I ' v heard childrens nursery rhymes with more lyrical depth and imagination than this poor excuse for an album !! , also this mans name should never be mentioned in the same breath as tupac -LRB- rip -RRB- and nas , god i hope nas does either part2 on his ass , then hopefully 50 will retire just like that other punk pop rapper jay-z
 remember the interview on the new breed dvd where fifty was talkin bout bublegum rap isnt gon na work anymore and that its over well what i dont understand is why he is tryna revive it somebody pimp slap himwe aint gon na love him like Pacdo yourself a favour instead of buying this album donate the money to a monkey it will do you more satisfactionor buy the banks album thats alrighti want my money back
 First of all , perhaps 50 Cent could come up with some new and original material besides guns , women , and chrome wheels ! 50 has some nice beats but has shown no signs of lyrical growth or maturity on this album . He talks about the same played-out subjects over and over . Another thing is that it 's not wise to diss Nas on your album ; Jay Z already tried that and failed after Nas tore him to shreds . I do n't think that 50 wants any part of Nas , in terms of a lyrical battle . After all , Nas is a rap legend with four classic albums -LRB- Illmatic , It was Written , Stillmatic and God 's Son -RRB- whereas 50 is just another below-average rapper who has to boast and brag about getting shot . Anyways , there are a few decent songs on `` The Massacre '' but these few songs are not worth the $ 15 . My advice
 You know ... I ca n't wait for Rap to die . Someday it will . Just like disco , it 's overplayed and long worn out its welcome . Sure , some of it has a great sound and some is very well-produced and has a cool `` feel '' to it , but that 's where it ends.Somewhere in my soul , I keep hoping that MAYBE , just MAYBE , someone will turn the world of rap/hip-hop on its ear and put the focus on things that will actually HELP the youth in the black community to make their lives productive and beneficial to society instead of pushing drugs , profanity , promiscuity , and violence . But nope ... these dawgs keep returning to their own vomit time & time again . Just watch BET for 5 minutes or turn on your local Hip-Hop station ... it 's all the same.When Rap started , it was n't about `` gangstas '' and `` ho 's '' and all the other diseases in society today . It did n't take long though , for the dregs of the inner city to turn what could have been a positive influence in the black community into just another medium for the thugs , drug dealers and other losers to use to perpetuate the worthless and empty lifestyles they wish to glamorize .50 cent is no different than any other that came before him . Just like Tupac , just like EZ , just like Ludacris . They may use -LRB- i.e. steal -RRB- different backtracks/loops and go by a different alias ' , but they all preach the same thing . `` B * i * tches '' , `` Boom '' , `` Blunts '' , `` Booty '' and `` Bling '' . They want to claim `` freedom of speech '' , but they abuse it with filth like this and encourage the youth to `` get yours '' and `` F the MF 's that are hatin ' '' and all that other brilliant intellectual philosophy . `` Get Rich or Die Tryin ' '' , 50 cent 's new `` movie '' had no redeeming value whatsoever . Listen dude , nobody cares , OK ? Only uneducated , self-serving lowlife 's like yourself and dumb , rich white kids who , for some stupid reason , wish they were `` gangsta 's '' . May rap/hip-hop die quickly and leave the music-making to real musicians .50 cent ? Nah ... I would n't give him 1 cent .
 For everyone who listens to 50cent , please dont say your fans of HIP HOP . Go ahead , listen to 50cent as much as you like as its your choice but please do not say your a fan of hip hop or rap music . The music 50cent produces is far from hip hop , its tragic . I can rhyme better than 50cent , no doubt .50 sents skills are below average .50 's metaphors are poor , he should listen to Rakim . 50 's imagery is appalling , he should listen to MF Doom . 50 's wordplay is pitiful , he should get him self a GZA or Nas CD and study it . 50 can not drop bars to save his life , he should should get himself a canibus CD and witness how 100bars are dropped with ease . What can 50 handle , 8-12 bars before a hook -LRB- and there are far too many hooks in 50 's joints , aint hip hop -RRB- Worst of all 50cents flow is very very weak . HA ! and on top of all this he goes and creates beef with Hip Hops gifted one Nasir Jones !! is this cat crazy ? Its all about $ $ $ for 50cent50cent is a joke . If you ever read this Curtis `` 50 cent '' Jackson : YOUR FAKE AND YOUR RHYMES STINK ! YOU HAVE ZERO TALENT AND YOUR ON STERIODS.For all you cats who listen to 50 , you guys must be easily pleased and must have rather low intelligence to buy into all this crap 50cent produces.I only gave this 1 star because i wasnt allowed giving it zerogood day !
 OK , 50 Cent is getting really cocky . He hates on everyone . Nas , Ja Rule , Ashanti , my man Fat Joe , Jadakiss , Shyne , Kelis , The Game , Jennifer Lopez , Styles P and sometimes even Eminem . Now this is n't a wasted review just to hate but G Unit is wack . I respect Young Buck but he ca n't rap , Lloyd Banks is worse and he 's voice is so annoying . And do n't even get me started on Tony Yayo . Olivia is probably a nice enough girl but she can not sing.Now on to the Massacre . Do n't get me wrong Get Rich Or Die Tryin was a great album , but that was before 50 Cent started hating on everyone thinking he was God . And yo , The Massacre has 22 songs , but all of the songs except track 22 , are all 2min to 3min songs . The basis of his songs are like this . Intro/Hook , Verse 1 , Hook , Verse 2 , Hook . Then to make it seem like the tracks are longer he puts about 40 seconds of instrumental on the end of the song . And the most of the beats ar n't even good . There are only about 3 songs on the album that does n't use this formula . That 's pretty cheap . 50 thinks that cuz he da ` best ' , he can do whatever s & ! ** # job he wants . And I dunno what Funkmaster Flex was thinkin , cuz Piggybank is n't a real diss track like the media built it up as . It 's more of a comedy track.OK now that I 've done pointing out what 's wrong about this album , let 's focus on the positive . The intro is pretty well thought out but he should have cut out the beginning where he makes reference to the ` St Valentines Day Massacre ' . For those who do n't know , 50 was going to release this album on Valentines Day and call it ` St Valentines Day Massacre ' . OK , the best songs on the album are In My Hood , first single Candy Shop , A Baltimore Love Thing , Just A Lil ' Bit -LRB- his next single -RRB- , God Gave Me Style & Hate It Or Love It Remix . I 'm not exactly sure why Hate It Or Love It Remix is included on the Massacre , because it was originally a song by the Game which you can find on The Games album , ` Documentary ' . I think it 's kinda cheesy what 50 did because The Game is releasing Hate It Or Love It as a single on May 22 . 50 Cent does n't actually have any new verses ; he keeps the one he recorded with Game on the original . Because 50 & Game are now enemies -LRB- but they have called a truce -RRB- , Game has re recorded the Hate It Or Love It Remix and stuck Mary J. Blige on the track.In all , the Massacre sounds pretty rushed and he sticks to the same topic he always does ; that is guns , killing , drugs , sex and his hood . The only people buying this album will be 10-12 year old white kids that think 50 's cool and the ` best rapper ' . Yes of course 50 will outsell everyone and of course this album will be in the top 100 for months and months , but can anyone tell me why he deserves to be ???? Peace .
 Its hard to describe the disappointment , imagine waking up on christmas day and then opening your presents and what you wanted was a Xbox and you acctually get socks . That is what this album feels like . This album gives the impression that fifty cent wrote a few of the tracks like outta control then gave up . A poor effort by fifty .
 This album in my opinion is garbage lyrically , however if you are the person that is more for the commercial beats then this will seem a fairly decent album , not a suprise as 50 cent works with some of the best producers out there . 50 cent has in the past had some good material . get rich or die Trying still not the best lyrical content but was quite a good album with some great tracks . And the power of the dollar , prolly his best album which is actually slept on alot.So basically if u hav heard and liked anysong on this album u will probablly enjoy the whole album cz its relatively the same . If you didnt enjoy a song u heard of this album or if u hope to hear sum gd lyrics on it think again . dont waste ur money on it .
 That 's true . just think of the fact of him releasing a pointless hood movie , a video game , and a clothing line . Anyone can read the writing on the wall and tell that his fifteen minutes are just about up.Sorry but pretty soon , the `` CANDY SHOP '' will be permantly closed
 This album is so God awful , it makes me scared for what our future leaders are going to be . Reality TV watching , 50 Cent listening , manner lacking , disrespecting , MTV believing , bling blinging , thug slinging , trash talking , garbage wearing people . Yikes . I 'd rather have the bubble gum music phase that passed instead of this mainstream rap crap phase that has been going on long enough . Hit music radio is NOT good . It sucks ! The same five songs over and over again , and none of them are good . Then DJ 's that think they are cool because they are on top of the latest trends in `` lingo '' . `` Yeah dawg , that 's dope foo , we got a bitchin ' cut here we are about to drop like a bomb on Sadaam '' Gag me with a knife , but stab me with it first ! This is what todays youth like ??? I feel dumber after listening to it . Then hit radio has so many freakin ' commercials because of the lack of music that they have available , and then what 's next ? MTVized shout outs by teenage girls to each other like they are super cool , and girls talking to DJ 's about relationship crisis . `` Yeah , I 'd like to give a shout out to my girl Missy in the 214 and my chica Lindsey in ... well , the 214 also . '' `` My boyfriend is such a prick , he wo n't split his hostess cupcake with me ! What does that mean , does that mean he thinks I 'm fat or that he is selfish ? '' GAG ME ! Thank God for two new inventions
 This cd was bad.There are reasons why mtv did not rate this cd in the top 10 of all time.Can barely rap and even though Dr Dre produce most of the album , it would not have helped . He sold out , just opena cd case and see a coupon.Buy old school rap and kill off today awful rappers.PS buy illmatic Ready to die and all eyez on me and the chonic albums instead .
 This pretentious collection of `` made for radio '' rap is a good indication of the lack of musical invention within . The once thought provoking and lyrically adventerous rhymes of 50 Cent have yet to be found on this album . Offered from the newcomer with fading potential are dirty lymerics of self indulging tripe , sexual deviance , and poor humor . The musical growth rate of 50 Cent can not even be charted . He is treading water in a sea of retarded sexuality and bad poetry .
 This just might be the worst album of the year ! Does this guy have any creativity , I doubt it ?! Please do yourself a favour and do not buy this album , it 's just a waste of your money . Spend it on real music ! 50 cent sucks ! Actually one star is way to much for this album ...
 This CD was supposed to be awesome but it isnt close . The only good songs are candy shop , disco inferno , and gatman and robbin . 50 Cent has turned into Ja Rule . DO NOT BUY THIS CD OR EVEN DOWNLOAD IT ! IT IS NOT WORTH THE TIME OR MONEY !
 this was n't cd was n't as good as ja rule 's R.U.L.E. i was pretty disappointed that he was dissing ja again . and it was the worst of 2005 .
 You should n't pay 50 CENTS for this garbage . I think that the steroids 50 injected have finally gotten to him!Avoid this album at all costs !
 Dont buy this album its not worth it buy fat joe or nas they r better and dont sellout and hump every hoe that come there way -LRB- Olivia -RRB- what is she trying to do she cant sing and 50 cent u cant rap worth a damn go back to selling crack or what ever u did before cause u done with go home and hide behind the police
 This CD is horrible . 50 Cent really has gotten into the brains of children and alienated them into a sick world . Do n't buy this CD ... dont support communisim .
 Gah !!! This overplayed idiot is back !! Do n't get me wrong . . I actually like Get Rich or Die Tryin ' , but I think its time 50 stopped . Candy Shop is overplayed garbage , I can not see why everyone likes it . All he sings about is getting shot , 2pac , and how many girls he can screw in a night . This is crap at its worst .
 I will totally agree that 50 's first album was a good album . Being that 50 cent is not much of a lyricist , Eminem and Dr. Dre still help produce an enjoyable album . A sophomore album should put your signature stamp of approval in the game . A sophomore album should show that you are a credible artist instead of a lucky first timer . A sophomore album should boast growth in your lyrical ability , delivery , and content . Though redundant , a prime example would be The Notorious BIG . Unfortunately , 50 stuck to a formula that would insure that he would sell records and not a formula that would boast his `` skills '' or love for hip hop . As I said before , 50 is not much of a lyricist but he can be . A sophomore album has to be based on more than lyrical drive-bys . Candy Shop , Disco Inferno , and Just A Lil ' Bit sound like nursery rhymes . As an artist , you have a nerve to challenge credible rappers in the game with this ABC stuff ? 50 , you have to bring something to the table than just hit and misses . Also , being a millionaire does not mean that you have talent . This was a very weak second record and I hope that Tony Yayo takes a bit of independence on his album . Judging from his first single , `` Thoughts of a Predicate Felon '' looks to be another massacred album . Shape up G-Unit .
 I know by now everyone is tired of buck teeth 50 cent.He is playing his self out . I was excited the day this album came out because i LIKED his first one . This album here is garbage . I dont see how in the heck candyshop went to number 1 on the billboard charts . Olivia 's bad vocals messed up the song . She ca n't sing worth of crap . Just A lil bit is pacing up the charts . I dont see how . These songs are lame . In my hood and ski mask way are the only decent tracks . I dont even see how his albums sell so much . 50 U IS THE WORST MC EVER
 All that I have to say is , he could of did better on this cd ... i 'm not feeling none of the songs on this CD ... his ` Get Rich or Die Tryin ' was way better
 actually this is not a kinda music to spend ur money . normally the fire within an artist will gradually tend to loss as he gains name , fame and money but in 50 's case its too early . his new album is not in anyway like his previous album `` get rich ... '' you might have heared the chart leading singles such as ` disco inferno ' ` and candy shop ' just dont decide after hearing that because those two were the only good songs of the album that leaves us only 2 outta 20 even including that gun shot intro so that was the real reason behind givin our 50 a single star . regarding the production its as usual very weak since dr.dre is the producer -LRB- y dont they changr him -RRB- and reg the feat its nuttin new 'cause in eminems album 50 will do some feat work and vise verza.overall this album aint worth ur money . by the way i simply ca n't tollerate that ` piggy bank ' track man oh man .
 I used to be a huge fan of 50 especially with his other albums suchas power of a dollar or get rich , but this is a joke . How tha hell are u gon na rap about jarule in his previous tracks he is a wanksta when u come out with the same songs . Anyway about the piggy bank Ithink 50 went a bit too far trashing jada and fat joe , but anyway they got him back real good especially jada just check out his freestyle diss chackmate .
 I thought 50 's first album was great . However , this album is much different than GRoDT . There is a lot more unbearable singing on this album . The beats are much weaker than the first too . There are only a couple tracks produced by Dre . Unfortunately those beats do n't sound much different than his other beats . # 2
 Yo Yo . 50 cent sux , rap sux , this album , whateva it is called , SUX . Want some real music ? Go listen to some solidstate . Yo Yo . 50 cent has no talent , what so ever . Peace Out
 I Ca n't Think Of Anyone Who Actually Bought This Album That 's Not A G-Unit Employee ... Remember When 50 Was Dope ? I Do ... Before He Got Shot . . He Was Supposed To Come Out With ` Power of The Dollar ' Which Did n't Come Out ... I Just Listened To It Recently And It 's Really Good.G-Unit Killed Hip Hop ^ ^ True Story
 Its a shame that every real musician that makes good music , does n't make a lot of money , when this loser who has absolutly no talent , makes millions because all these idiots will buy his crap , and they will wear his clothing , and steal stuff and try to be cool . It just sickens me that real good taught guitar players and drummers dont get any respect and losers like 50 cent do . Rap is not music its just talentless noise , anyone can rap . Just listen to me , ok cause if anyone says it takes talent to rap , is a total moron , or they are in special ed . Rap sucks !!! Go and listen to something that is actually music , losers , if you like rap , you are just an idiot . and these rappers get these Grammys and stuff , for what ??? Acting like a punk , and getting wasted and getting women ? Why has n't Shadows Fall gotten a Grammy yet ? They are real musicians , they can actually play instruments . Rap just sickens me , its the dumbest thing on earth , and it sickens me that people actually listen to it . RAP IS CRAP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! `` Music is melody '' so if rap has no melody , which it does n't , that means its not music .
 Most of these songs are already played out and the ones you have n't heard are more of a slow beat to it . Maybe a couple of the songs are pretty good but everything else is to mellow . His first CD is the -LRB- ... -RRB- , you ca n't top that what so ever . I should of bought Krayzie Bone CD
 I have a review for the regular massacre cdOutta Control -LRB- regular -RRB- was the best song on The Massacre . Now they have a crappy remix
 Ok first of all let me say i 've never liked 50 cent ! Not even close but he pushed the buttons when he dissed my boy Fat Joe -LRB- Boricua 4 lyfe -RRB- . He disses people that do n't have much rep ' anyway . Also he 's doing the same thing he dissed Ja Rule for doing ! He 's singing his own hooks and is making ` Pop-Bubble-Gum-Rap ' just like Ja did . This album is way over rated and only has a couple of good beats . I cant stand 50 and I ca n't wait til ' his time is over . So please spend your money on something better ...
 50 cent has fell off , i am personally very disapointed at this album , i dont think 50 could b bothered he lost his hunger , simple ! songs like build me up , jus a lil bit , candy shop , so amazin the list goes on are ja rle copies . 50 was my favourite rapper even bak in 2001 before get rich . power of the dollar is the best album i have ever heardliterally . many of u fake cats probly havent heard it only tru 50 fans -LRB- or ex fans -RRB- have this , the lyrics , flow , storytelling abiluties are amaizng . but he is far too cocky and far too arogant he is a d ** K i hate em right now !! rap is nothin any more . the chronic , all eyez on me reasonable doubt illmatic ready to die , power of the dollar classsic old aalbums settled
 WTF ? How do you come out with a sophomore album that is decidedly worse than your debut ? I 've never seen the likes of this before . I hate it , through and through ; oh , one exception
 50 Cent is talentless . On the album he simply talks over the most simple backing music which is just repeated over and over . This is not what true music is all about . He is just as manufactured as Britney Spears only kids think he is `` cool '' . It 's a case of all marketing and no talent .
 50 was already ripped , is this ` photoshop ' , or did he bulk up to olympian standards ? The music is horrible . If you like the muscles , go the to the Mr. Olympia contests , and see the real thing .
 I have never heard such garbage . Nuff said .
 omg , I 'm laughing so hard , I do so dearly hate this album ... : -RRB- By the way , incase you where to stupid to notice , he has no talent and is obsessed with killing people , 50 Cent , lol I would n't ever pay that much for this album ... LOLWow this guy is dumb .
 BOO FIFTY SUCKS YEAH THATS RIGHT CAUSE HE IS A COTTON HEADED NINNY MUGGINS AND HE IS STUPID REAL RAP IS DIZZEE RASCAL AND RUN DMC AND THE SHINS BUT THEY ARE NOT RAP BUT THE BEST BAND EVER AND THIS GUY IS STUPID DID ANYONE READ HIS SPIN INTERVIEW HE IS REALLY REALLY STUPID BECAUSE HE IS A STUPID PERSON WHO IS STUPID !!!!!!!!!!
 50 aint no real g , he dont respect the game , neither one even , though they kinda 1 in the same . he overrated . i tried to give this shhh no stars but i couldnt .
 man anyone who thinks this album is worth a damn is stupid . . get bumpy johnson and im not talkin bout the hustle life . . bumpy johnson . . i mean bumpy johnson froom chicago . . the goon squad . . that cd puts any cd from last year to this year to shame . .
 Not a good cd , this guy is not a good rapper , he has a few hit songs from this cd that will be forgotten by the summer . Download the hot songs and forget about the rest . He talked about ja rule so much and then this guy comes back just like he wants to be ja rule . This guy talks S *** on a bunch of rappers that are much better than he is trying to stir controversy to get some album sales . dont buy this go buy Jadakiss , The Game , Shyne , Nas , Fat Joes , or even Ja Rules cd they were all better than this garbage . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ LOOK OUT THIS SUMMER FOR `` ` THE DEBUT ALBUM BY ~ ~ ~ ~ CHAMILLIONAIRE ~ ~ ~ ~ `` THE SOUND OF REVENGE '' ITS GON NA BE THE HOTTEST CD OF THE YEAR . CHAMILLITARY MAN
 If 50 Cent is rap 's MVPThen why the hell ca n't he make a good cd?The lyrics are weakAnd the beats do n't hitDo n't buy this trashBecause it 's simply $ hit.-Bryce
 dont diss anyone unless you have sumthing hard and good to diss them about . dont act like a 19 year old high school kid picking fights on whoever just to grab attention . how old are you ? your 28 years old and picking fights like a high school kid ??? grow the F**k up !!!
 I am not impressed with 50 's latest album.I remember hearing his last album 2 wks before it was released and I thought it was good rap ; cool rhymes over great beats , but this new crap is anything but.The first 2 singles have done well and are actually GOOD based on the fact that he 's 50 alone and THEY ARE radio friendly rap tracks.The rest of the album leaves much to be desired . There are about 2 other tracks that I could see the record company releasing to help sell the album . Regardless , This album will top next week 's Billboard Charts with huge sales.I hate the fact that this album TRULY SUCKS but it will STILL SELL ... such a shame.The only reason why this album might sell includes all those wankstas who will buy it for the sake of having 50 's album because it 's a ` COOL ' thing to have . I bet half those consumers wo n't even LISTEN TO IT -LRB- other than the singles -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and purchase a better rap album like Ludacris , Nas or even some older classic JayZ . THE GAME 's album is waaaaaay better than 50 's yet 50 talks all that crap about making his album hot . I guess he used all the good material on GAME 's which must be WHY his sucks a $ s. Heh .1 / 5 stars because I AM NOT IMPRESSED . HEAR IT on Mtv 's The Leak b4 you buy it or just do n't purchase at all . HORRIBLE.He got shot 9 times ? I got shot TWICE in my ear after hearing the whole album -LRB- at least I gave it more than 1 chance before I wrote a review -RRB- . WARNING - BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK .
 50 , I hope y' all readin ' this review . Listen , I want you to go out and see a doctor , because if you think you 've got talent , you need help !!!!!!!! You need to stop rapping because you 're truly horrible.Yo record company needs to git in through they head that you SUCK !!!!!!! You 've lost it !!!!!!! Quit pretendin ' ta be somethin' you could never be !!!! I 'm talkin ' about pretendin ' to be 2pac , 'cause I can tell by some of the songs herre that you are attempting to be like him . No way.It 's like an insult to other rappers when you , the lowest form of human life think you can go into the studio and diss The Game , and in some ways Loyd Banks , and then rap wit them in some songs so they do n't even know y' all been dissin ' on them at all . That 's your first mistake.I also git real real mad when I keep hearin ' yo songs on MTV -LRB- I only watch the music videos , 'cause ever ' thang else on that channel is stupid as frick . -RRB- , and yo videos take up time that good rappers could be shown instead . So anyway , showin ' y' all videos is mistake numbah 2 . Also , KGM said in one of his reviews a long time ago you got kicked outta this rock fest somewhurr and they threw bottles atcha . Yeah , you really did it that time , ya little moron . It 's like yer ' jus ' braggin ' about how talented you think you are and showing off for the lonely homos out thurr who think you 're talented also , so thurr 's mistake 3 ! I 'm on a roll here ! 4 ` th and final mistake you 've made is , well , actually first of all releasin ' this bad album , and second of all , gettin ' show 9 times and not dyin ' yet . When 's dat gon na happen ????!!!! Yo muzik 's terrible an you ca n't even rap right . I got ta friend named Jack who raps better than 2pac , an he hopes you die . Same herre.I also got ta problem wit yo first album , and this is what it is . I really had enough of hearin ' rappers like you rappin ' about shootin ' and violence and goin ' off to `` da club '' , 'cause it got old a LOOOONG time ago , mayn . I 'm just sayin ' you need to leave tha rap game and go back to kindergarden to learn how to talk well , 'cause you got a pretty bad vocabulary too , you idiot . It do n't matter if you release another album or not , nobody likes you no more , and it 's all because of this here CD right here . You 're gon na have to REALLY out do yo self on this next CD yo gon na release if you wan na keep any fans at all . You , mayn , are now worth as much as yo name states ! - - - - - - - G.D. , signin ' off
 yall does n't know . this is da fatest Album ta come outta tha streets in yrs . 50 has taken tha soul outta millions of white suburban youth . he has them thinking that they are thugs and homies and stuff like that . It is sad . MTV needs to go back to rock and give these white kids a shot of their own culture .
 This whole `` I 'm such a big pimp with a bunch of girls as skinny as sticks effing me but you should feel kinda bad for me because I really had a bad life '' thing is getting annoying . Fast . 50 Cent is like all other rappers , always showing off his riches .
 Listen people , do n't buy this album . This album is garbage . This album is less than nothing . The maximum amount of starts I would give it would be -5 . But the lowest is a 1 of course . Fifty is garbage and this album should have never been released . The dumbest thing he could do is kick the Game out of G-Unit . Please people , DO NOT , I REPEAT , DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM !!! Save your money and go buy Untold Story or The Documentary from the Game . Once again , THIS ALBUM IS GARBAGE , YOU SUCK FIFTY !!!!!!!!!!!
 Can aftermath disappoint me anymore ? First Eminem drops his worst album ever , by far . Then i get hyped for 50 's new release , and he follows by putting out his worst album ever . Get Rich or Die Tryin was a good CD , and power of the dollar was arguably better , but this CD is one of the worst ever put out . Aftermath is all about getting money from the public . G-Unit is about as bad as it gets , and the only ryhmes worth listening to , were the ones i already heard on `` Get Rich '' . Not to mention Jada squashes the beef he started almost with one line `` now this is a true fact , since when did it become cool to get shot and not shoot back ? '' I sure as hell dont know , but the publics enfatuation with his bullet wounds are over , and so is the hype behind 50 .
 After hearing the first couple of songs on the Massacre I had to turn it off it was so bad . 50 cent is over . The hype the he had with his first cd is done and hopefully all the trash that he talks to other rappers should be done to . He has no better rhymes the my baby brother .
 50 CENT IS GREEN AND AND STUDIO GANGSTA STYLE IS GREEN ALSO HE NEEDS CHANGE UP NOBODY ALREADY DONT LIKE HIM HE WANT 2 BE PAC WHICH HE CA N'T CAUSE HE IS A STUDIO GANSTA .
 terrible production terrible content . dont wasste your money . get rich or die trying had memorable tracks . after playing the cd through the only track i like and can remember is hate it or love it . i bought it at target for $ 9 so i dont feel as bad . i watched the special on mtv with him and sway and was really looking forward to the album . especially after hearing him talk about the production and how slamming the beats were . but i wonder why he made this album . he said in the interview that if your making albums for yourself than you should keep thaat # $ @ % to yourself and play it in your headphones at home . after hearing the album i cant phathom that this album could 've possibly been made for the 11 million americans that buy his albums .
 Just like every other commercial rap album 50 cent 's `` Massacre -LRB- coll -RRB- -LRB- dig -RRB- -LRB- spkg -RRB- '' falls flat with weak tracks and boring lirycs from 50 cent and the only thing plus about 50 ? Is the conterversy that surrounds him but nothing else ... Come on , he dissed nas , jada , fat joe and those guys been doing hip-hop thats from the street ... So if you support 50 ? That means you dont support real hip-hop ! Peace !
 If you take 50 's debut CD and all thats he 's been saying about how great this new jaunt is , you 'd obvioulsy expect it to be hot . I was way beyond dissapointed when I heard this CD . Its pretty much just average , the songs are alike , and it all just kinda runs together . The lyrical content is just not there . I dont know what happened with this , but I really wouldnt bother with it . It kinda makes sense all the beef with Game just started going down before he dropped this . It 's gon na sell records . Cause after people hear this , his sales are n't gon na be so good . Thats my opinion , but I think he coulda done much better . If you wan na hear this CD , get a bootleg or download it , dont waste your money .
 yes people r mad at 50 for booting game and so am i. . . this album isnt that good though . . serously these songs show how big of an ego he has ... hes dissin like 8 rapper . sayin hes the best ... i dont even like Ja rule or Jada or Fat joe ... its just the fact that even they are laughin at him . .4 thinkin hes the KING OF RAP . . which he is not ... 50 cent is just gettin luaghed at ... he says that he the most best at writing lyrics.he said he even tops tuapc and biggie ... GET THE DOCUMENTRY ... the game is a rapper who pays respect to other rappers .
 I was going to make sure and post a comment on how bad this disk was , but apparently everybody can tell . This is a weak disk , it is the same thing over and over . The first one showed hints of it but was his first release so it made up for it . This got rid of the doubt . 50 aint nothin ' . Give me the Game any day , and once Detox drops its gon na be 50 who .
 Now 50 wants war with Nas ? Nas is a lyrical legend with 5 classic albums under his belt ! Nas will eat 50 for breakfast and crap him out !
 This one of the worst hip hop albums I have ever heard . The Game 's album was 1000x better than this garbage . Do n't buy this album , go buy some 2pac if you want some real rap . GRODT was 1,000,000 x better than this sorry sophomore release .
 This is n't rap , this is a bunch of pop junk . People should really stop listening to this guy and get into some real music . Candy Shop is such an annoying song . Nobody cares that you got shot 9 times and lived 50 Cent , stop talking about it . Also stop talking about how thug and ghetto you are and guns are cool because you are just making society a whole lot worse .
 The fact that this album is the top selling album of the year just shows how musical taste amongst the kids nowdays has deteriated . It is said that John Lennon once wrote a great song in ten minutes . 50 Cent could n't write a great song in ten years!Trivia
 I really congratulate the rappers ... the same product selling for millions for years ... they are genious , really ... i have one rap album , it seems i have a thousand .
 Yawwwwwwwwwwwwwn . What 's the difference between this guy , Ja Rule and Puffy ? Well , this guy has been shot more times , that 's about it . In terms of what you get when you press play , they are xerox copies of each other . Hey , let 's go ahead and do a couple of tribute albums to this guy !! He deserves it just as much as eminem , which received his first tribute cd when he had been releasing cd 's for about as long as this guy has , which is about 1 year . Once again , I did try to endure going through this stuff . I just could n't . Did anybody notice this guy barely moves his jaw and lips when he raps ? That 's why he gets such a boring , monotonous , mumbling kind of undecipherable vibe . Reminds me of super musical genius Ja Rule . Remember mr.J had to lyp-sync on the Mtv VMA 's as he is unable to reproduce rapping live , which is not anymore difficult than normal conversational speech !! Amazing . If these are the idols of today 's youth , we are doomed . People who think this is music have no idea whatsoever about what music is . None at all . Zero . Nada . Actually , less than zero . But , ignorance is bliss . Hitting the `` no '' icon beneath this review because you are 50 fan and you THINK I am wrong is a stamp of approval - admitting that everything I have said are absolute truths . Go ahead , show us your ignorance . Those who vote in favor are rare glimmers of hope left in this world of musical ignorance . The facts speak for themselves , but only to those who have at least a basic level of musical knowledge . Now , excuse me . I have to get back to my Death Metal , Jazz , Blues , Funk , and Afro-Cuban CD 's ... REAL MUSIC .
 I listened to the snippets to this and I wish I could get my 2 mins back . All I have to say is no talent + no lyrical content + lots of hype = A hot ass mess at its finest . I bet the millions he sold are in Dre , Eminem , and Lloyd Banks ' garages , basements , coaster holders , and used as toilet paper b/c its like he wiped his ass after a good doo-doo and said , `` Here 's the Massacre ! Voila ! '' Signed Starbrite Sunshine Jones ... SHOOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i hate to give this piece of work a single star -LRB- no other way -RRB- 'cause by givin a single star im admitting that this album has something neverthless having nothing . this album starts with a gun shot intro and that 's it . . according to ma opinion the only best track of the album 'cause it do n't have our 50 's voice . i simply cant understand what was in his mind while composing this album.i bet it only took him around 2 hours of time to compose this whole album.on playing this cd on ma set i first thought there was something wrong with my speaker.I got ta say that this is the most massive collection of fillers i 've ever heared in ma whole life.filler after filler . . filler follwed by a filler and by a filler then by a filler . . it goes on and on . according to me ` candy shop ' and ` disco inferno ' were the best fillers among the fillers and it topped the charts only because of his earlier reputation . i could have bousht a judas priest album instead of wastin ma money on this one.by the way im advising you to avoid that ` piggy bank ' track.overall ratingintro -LRB- gun shot -RRB- ***** rest of the 19 tracks *
 The Massacre is a huge disappointment . Get Rich or Die Tryin is way better . The Massacre is no way to follow up a classic . 50 should have never kicked anybody out the group that put out a better CD than him this years . The Documentary is still by far the best Rap Ablum this year . The only good songs on 50 's album are `` Piggy Bank -LRB- Good just because of the hype and beef -RRB- , Hate It Or Love It Remix -LRB- Just Because Game And Buck were on the record -RRB- . And outta control.I suggest everyone who wants to buy the album , to buy the collector 's edition version of the album , because the video game trailer is way better than the actual album .
 I went to MTV.com and listened to the CD . I am very disappointed with the CD . The only reason this is going to sell is because of all of the hype . I am not even going to waist the time it would take to download .
 Really , come on people . It 's obvious . 50 Cent can not rap anymore ; he used to be good when he had `` Guess Who 's Back '' and `` Power of the Dollar '' . And those idiots who are saying that this is a classic are really out of their minds . Those people saying that 50 Cent can rap better than Ja Rule is n't actually saying much , Ja Rule is also a terrible rapper and it does n't take much to be better than him . And when you say that 50 Cent smashed Jadakiss , Ja Rule , Fat Joe and Nas on `` Piggy Bank '' , how can you mean that ? `` My Fofo '' is a much better diss , and it 's the solid truth , not fake , rubbish made up stuff . Also , I notice that people say that 50 Cent is better than Fat Joe , Ja Rule and Jadakiss , just because of `` Piggy Bank '' so , what are you saying that he 's the best rapper in the world ? But then you say that he is better than those 3 , so what 's to say that there is someone better ? You people really do not make sense , let alone type like a civilised person , you type like `` OMFG !!!!! W00T !! 1 dis album iz liek da best !! 11 '' , this is not AIM or MSN . Beats are not everything in rap , rap does have lyrics . Perhaps you JUST TRY and listen , instead of being brain dead and listening to just beats.If you want real rap , check out Biggie Smalls , 2Pac , Rakim , Dr. Dre , Eazy-E , Public Enemy , Nas , Ice Cube and many others . You see , there are plenty of other rappers that have talent , unlike 50 Cent . I rest my case , oh , and I know this will get good feedback , and hopefully will become a Spotlight review , so everybody can see it .
 50 Cent is simply a joke . `` The Massacre '' is only his second album , and he 's already got nothing to rap about . But he 's obviously still hungry for money , so what did he do ? He went pop . This album contains some songs about guns , some garbage dance songs and the rest are all `` I-need-you-in-my-life-baby '' kind of songs . It 's funny how he 's making exactly the type of music he dissed Ja Rule for making . Oh , it also has that diss song `` Piggy Bank '' which , frankly , is weak as hell . I ca n't believe 50 Cent thinks he 's so good , he has the nerve to start feuds with rappers whom actually have alot to talk about , and whom have been around much longer than him . He disses Jadakiss , Nas , Shyne , Fat Joe , Kelis , and drops even more names on that one song `` Piggy Bank . '' All of these artists have responded back to him , and they can actually record entire diss songs towards him , not drop one line like he does.He also kicked The Game out of G-Unit just because Game is friends with Jadakiss and Nas . 50 Cent acts like he 's in elementary school . If he knows what 's good for him , he 'll quit while he 's behind with all these beefs . Do n't waste your money on this CD .
 THIS IS POSSIBLY THE WORST RAP ALBUM I HAVE EVER HEARD AND 50 CENT SUCKS !!
 This album is indeed a massacre.Awful rhymes , disses that make you wonder why , production that is nothing but copied beats from other songs , and the same nonsense over and over again.Nothing but crap from a dark-skinned , Bush-loving cracker .
 Sorry , but 50 Cent has OFFICIALLY sold out . He used to be decent when his Get Rich Or Die Trying album came out . But this ? Wow , he criticized Ja Rule for making love type songs with girls . Then what does he do on this album ? He does the SAME THING ! Sell out , sell out sell out . Man . This album is straight garbage . Some of the tracks on this album has decent beats . But the lyrics , man 50 whats wrong with you . Especially using Ghostface Killahs `` Metal Lungies '' beat , the F you think you doing?Dont support wack music , save your money and find some real hip-hop elsewhere !
 weeeeaaaaakk . . and i 'm not a hater either.sold this weak album on hype alone . . nothing great or even OK on this coaster . . the rest of the g-unit put out waaay better product than massacre.and anyone giving this 5 or even 4 stars . . c'mon . . get off the nuts already .
 Hmmm Let 's see a man selling millions of albums because of this ? am I missing something here ? Why do people really like 50 Cent Oh yeah that 's right because he dissed Ja Rule back in 2003 then he went on tv pouring his little heart and soul out tellin peoplehow he was shot 9 times and then he went on making a whole album about . If that 's what take a hot rapper nowadays then shiiiit we in trouble .
 Firstly , whatever that Pete `` Snake '' guy is smoking on , he needs to stop smoking it . How can you honestly say Death Metal is more appealing than Rap music ? Death Metal ... just reading that tells me that that music is PLAIN TRASH ! It tells me all you f*ck heads sing about is death , killing , raping etc. . Do you actually know what the F * CK you 're talking about ??? Ever listened to Rap back in the days ? Listen to Public Enemy 's It Takes a Nation of Millions , 2Pac 's Me Against the World , Eric B. and Rakim 's Paid in Full etc. and tell me you were just stoned or drunk when you wrote that review . Yeah , Public Enemy dresses sexy , says `` f*ck '' in all their songs and curses b * tches . F*ck you 're dumb Snake , Public Enemy rapped about the realities of life like drugs , social awareness , politics , prison life etc. . And they hardly ever said `` f*ck '' in their rhymes so before you run your f*ck in mouth off , think before you speak , a55wipe . Just because you hear f4gots like 50 Cent talk trash , it do n't mean Rap has always been like that . I still ca n't believe you 'd choose Death Metal over Rap , who cares if they play instruments and write songs about killing -LRB- which is f*ck in pointless coz they prove their freaks and unnatural -RRB- . I guess you did n't know that Rap is not ACTUALLY MUSIC ! Rap is a cultural movement , broken down into 4 elements , sometimes 5 -LRB- but the 5th can only be obtained by rappers who actually understand rap music -RRB- . Those 5 elements are
 I like rap , do n't get me wrong , but all artists/actors/celebrities are much more likeable if they do n't carry a lot of hype . That 's all I read about anymore is who 50 is feuding with and seeing on TV so called inside looks on his life before he became a rapper . I personally do n't care who 50 is feuding with ... seems to me he 's a bit too oversensitive . Anyway , this CD seems exactly like his last one . I like `` In the Club '' and `` P.I.M.P. '' but that about does it for me . He should have just released that CD and left well enough alone .
 I never liked him that much anyway . It 's careersuicide to diss hip hop 's elite . Enjoy the mansion50 . Just do n't do a MC Hammer you 'll have no whereto hide .
 I 've got nearly 300 hip hop cds from old school new school and underground so I have alot to compare this cd too . And the fact that this cd even sold 100 copies is just sad . 50 is and has always been hot beats over lazy hooks . And now that Dre did only 2 beats it shows.The only thing sellin his albumn is his image , which means nothing to me . His diss track `` Piggy Bank '' is hot not because of what is said but who hes dissin . I mean seriously are you gon na put 50 in the same `` hemisphere '' as Nas and Jada . Disco Inferno and Candy Shop is jus something to play in the clubs tap your feet to and move on.The funniest thing about this albumn is that hes singing throughout the cd when he was getting at Ja Rule for doing the same thing . I do n't like both of them but I prefer Ja 's singing over 50 if I had to choose . Do n't let me get started on some of his other tracks like `` Ghatman and Robin '' . Get Rich or Die Trying was officail but that was then this is now . The only hot songs on this Lp were `` My Hood '' and `` Hate It or Love It remix '' . I took time out of my day to tell you whats really poppin . Go buy a Mobb Deep or Jay Z cd or something . Pleaaaaassssse !!!!!!!!
 This was a pretty bad sophomore effort - you could tell he ran out of s ** t to talk about so he resorted to the usual drugs , sex , and guns . Some of the same themes as in GRODT , but sung in a different way.Many Men - I 'm Gon na Die TonightIn Da Club - Disco InfernoMagic Stick/P . I.M.P - Candy ShopThe list could really drag onThose records are all interchangable except they were a lot better the first time around on GRODT . There were a few okay songs - In my hoodI 'm supposed to die tonightOutta controlGunz Come Out.Also piggy bank should barely pass as anykind of diss song - I ca n't even remember what he said to Jada or Crack.I ca n't believe Candy stick or whatever , and disco inferno were his first singles - those tracks are pure garbage made to make pure hits that I was n't stupid enough to fall for . He has no right to say anything to Ja Rule cause of crappy songs like Candy Shop - he has to be stupid to say Ja makes `` bubblegum rap . `` 50 YOU MADE A SONG CALLED `` CANDY SHOP ! `` Atleast Ja Rule resorted to bubblegum rap after a few albums . THis is only your second album - you run out that fast ?
 Yeah , first of all , nice cover . In the original shot Fitty was looking a trifle weak , so they had to draw on all the muscles ... lol . Same thing applies to the tracks . God , this album SUCKS . Do n't get me wrong , I hated his first also , I think 50 Cent may actually be legally retarded , and his getting shot multiple times does n't make his crap any more compelling to me personally . If you have absolutely no idea what real music is , or if you 're just the typical toy who buys/downloads anything with cheap generic rinky-dink beats and wanna-be `` gangsta '' lyrics so that you can feel like you , too , are some kind of badass , go for it , I 'm sure this BS will sell in the millions anyway . No accounting for tastes . .
 Although I had certain dissatisfactions with 50cents earlier album , `` Get Rich or Die Trying , '' I eventually grew to like that record and consider it an above average piece of musical work . That album , however , looks like a priceless Mozart symphony on a wax cylinder when compared to 50cent 's latest effort , `` The Massacre . `` Where to begin with this album ? 50cent seems to have found nothing new to rap about beyond guns , how much sex he allegedly has , how `` classy '' people dont like him -LRB- gee , I ca n't imagine why -RRB- , how he considers himself rap 's Jesus , repeating the `` Geee-UNIT ! '' catchphrase every few seconds , and how he is ready to lay out any gangster who thinks they are more of a gangster than he himself is.For such a tough gangster , 50cent seems to spend an awful lot of time and effort trying to come up with cute , radio-friendly pop hooks for his songs -LRB- listen to the boring , idiotic `` Candy Shop '' and see for yourself -RRB- . Also , for such a tough gangster , 50 does an awful lot of moronic grinning into the microphone during live performances , which , I must say , are terrible ! For someone who likes to think of himself as Tupac Shakur Jr. , 50 has no lyrical or vocal flexibility -- all his rhymes -LRB- if they can be called that -RRB- are delivered in a monotone , low-decibel drawl that sounds more like some random guy rapping quietly along with a song on the radio while on the way to work , rather than a famous artist himself delivering vocals for a studio album.I 'd give this CD 1 star but I must admit I do enjoy hearing `` G-UNIT ! '' because I have n't tired of the catchprase yet . Ask me again in a month and I 'll probably take back that extra star I gave 50 and give it to Nas instead .
 I think this album exposes 50 as being a phony and shows he does n't belong among the elite in the hip hop game . 50 's lyrical ability does n't sell , in fact 50 has the weakest flow of anyone in G-Unit . 50 's image sells , he sells record because he 's a former drug dealer who 's been shot 5 times . I 've never heard a flow by 50 that left me in awe and `` Piggy Bank '' is the absolute worst diss song I 've ever heard . `` Piggy Bank '' does n't belong in the same breath as `` Ether , '' `` Takeover , '' `` Hit Em ' Up , '' etc. . After hearing `` Piggy Bank '' , I actually asked myself if Fat Joe , Jada , and Nas were actually supposed to get pissed about that song ? The beats on this album are average at best and 50 should be on his knees blowing Dre for making his first album so good . Someone said if you wanted a good album , check out The Documentary by The Game . The Game 's cd is hot , Dre is all over it and The Game has the lyrical ability to rap about something besides gun shots.One more thing is that someone needs to tell 50 he 's no 2pac .
 This album is over 20 tracks of absolute garbage . Some beats are nice , but the lyrical content is so elementary . He should have had more guest appearances to help him out lyrically . He 'll still go multi-platinum but eventually it 's going to get old ... just like Eminem .
 I am not biased but this album simply sucks ! I listen to it about ten times already and it did not grow on me whatsoever ! Lyrically , 50 has gotten weak ! He does n't seem to be hungry anymore . He still beefing with Ja Rule with that Irving Jeffry back of the album cover artwork . It 's pointless to keep beating on a dead dog ! The beef is dead man ! Stop basing your success on record sales ! Everyone wants to go platinum but some of the best lyricist always sell less than commerial rappers . Selling 10 million records do not make you better than Scarface , Nas , or any other artist . I do n't think he will come back with another GRODT caliber album.Piggybank is a b *** h song ! Why do a diss record on people who associate themselves with Ja Rule and they did a song about their hometown -LRB- not a diss song on you -RRB- ? Gatman and Robbin ' is aiight if you like Eminem 's wack ass beats!Hate It Or Love It Remix is good.Nothing else spectacular or amazing on the rest of the album .
 50 Cent , the biggest idiot and phony in hip-hop , recently released an album called `` The Massacre '' . This is straight up garbage . He is way too lazy on this album , has flow reminiscent of Nelly , and is weak . In `` Get Rich Or Die Tryin ' '' , he came out hard , hungry for respect . He is lazy and puts in no effort into this waste . There are NO standout tracks , instead I 'll say the WORST tracks
 I 'm sorry I had to do this to G-Unit but this CD just was n't hype enough I mean there 's only 1 or 2 good songs on this whole damn album . Waste of my money . Oh I got it for $ 5 , so sorry 50 but I was so excited bout your album got it bootlegged but still I found out that this was a waste of my time . G-G-G-G-Unot !
 This album is doing so well on the charts , how?Then again , it 's recieving bad and rave reviews because it is bad .
 I 'm going to sell this album for 50 cent just to get rid of it few songs have a moment but it sucks in general . Get Young Buck or The Game instead .
 get rich or die tryin is not comparable to this album , because his freshman album was straight up hardcore gangsta with great songs throughout the album exclusinf Wanksta and in da club b/c they were old . but on THIS ALBUM he came out pretty soft . i would say he has gone pop becasue the soundtrack for his movies is garbage as well and i own all his albums not that i 'm sucker it just that i though he 'll go back to hardcore gangsta music at some point but did n't happened . if you 're looking for an old 50 album which is good look for guss whos back ? album . overall i think this album is bubble gum .
 Just a lil bit of time in the candy shop was all it took for him to go pop . What happened to the guy who made ` The Power Of The Dollar ' and ` Get Rich Or Dye Tryin ' . I guess he just got rich and stopped tryin ' . Unless you own a candy shop do n't waste your hard earned cash on this absolute massacre .
 this album is not too good . I 've listened to the full album once in my life . the reason I have n't been listening to it is because it stinks . There is only 2 good songs I kind of like , which is Get in My Car , and Candy Shop . The rest stink , no doubt about it . I turn on the music , I hear the intro , In my hood comes on , I 'm sleeping standing up , BORING , zzzzzzzzzzzz
 weeeeaaaaakk . . and i 'm not a hater either.sold this weak album on hype alone . . nothing great or even OK on this coaster . . the rest of the g-unit put out waaay better product than massacre.and anyone giving this 5 or even 4 stars . . c'mon . . get off the nuts already .
 I think that the title sums up this POS pretty well . Let 's face it . This guy has the IQ of a retarded sea cucumber . He ca n't even enunciate words like `` rental '' . he raps about the same things over and over and over again , he 's utternly tone deaf , and worst of all , . he actually thinks he 's cool . Stay away from this excremental and pathetic work of stupidity . Please .
 This pretentious collection of `` made for radio '' rap is a good indication of the lack of musical invention within . The once thought provoking and lyrically adventerous rhymes of 50 Cent have yet to be found on this album . Offered from the newcomer with fading potential are dirty lymerics of self indulging tripe , sexual deviance , and poor humor . The musical growth rate of 50 Cent can not even be charted . He is treading water in a sea of retarded sexuality and bad poetry .
 50 cent is tha biggest punk in tha game . Where was 50 before he found Eminem ? getting shot 9 times thats what . He wants to hate on Ja for doin slow songs when 50 has jsut as many `` pop '' or slow songs too . He wants to be Ja but he cant , but 21 Questions is exactly like Ja Rule Put IT On Me , he copied the video . 50 wants to dis Jada , Nas , Fat Joe , and Shyne ? Please , he aint nothin but a snitch , a wanksta . You must be a lil wanksta if you get shot 9 times in tha hood . 50 had albums before Get RIch Or Die Trying . But did they sell ? NO ! He 's lame as hell , 50 needs to just quit and get off Eminem cuz hes the only reason why he is `` popular '' .
 I was looking forward to the release of this album , and am somewhat surprised at the content . This is sub-par , weak , vacuous music.A replay confirmed the opinion I formed after an initial listen , that each track is seemingly worse than the last . The thought running through my mind was ` what is this junk . . ? ' The tracks are meaningless and bungled . The array of producers leads to a disjointed product offering , and other than waxing lyrical about his wide array of weaponry , 50 appears to have nothing to say . Certainly nothing meaningful or interesting.I felt that the two singles ` Candy Store ' and ` Disco Infernal ' were little more than commercial pap . ` Without me ' by Eminem , though flogged to death to an equal degree holds out as a better track by miles.For me , the best track on the album is ` GATman and Robbin , ' and that is purely due to the verses dropped by Eminem . Fairly sad if you think that the best thing on this album is yet again a guest appearance , which if released on a true Eminem album would be skipped through anyway.The Game 's album is infinitely superior to this album , and comparisons to ` Get Rich or Die Tryin '' are pointless - might as well be different artists.Not worth the wait , sadly . .
 50 has lost his mind now . He attacks Fat Joe , Jada , Shyne , and even Nas -LRB- the undisputed king of new york -RRB- . 50 is a fake thug who only comes up in the news when he 's getting attacked , you never here about him victimizing anyone , you just hear about him being the victim . You only hear about him getting shot , stabbed , and putting restraining orders out on murder inc. . Just like TI says , `` All that gangsta s *** you talking , yeah it sound good but make it understood you gon have to show me . '' He has limited rhymes and he 's a fool to think he 's at the top of the rap game , he 's not even in my top 10 . If there is a such thing as committing career suicide , he just did it .
 50 cent owns everybody who bought this album an apology and a refund coz this is one of the worst rap albums of all timez . There is not even a song which can be listened to more than once . The G in G-unit stands for Garbage coz that is what this album is , trash , rubbish . If 50 wants to redeem himself he better make another album and give it away for free to anyone who shows up with a copy of this trash he put out . He owes everyone an apology for putting out bogus stuff like this and calling it an album.On this album 50 makes it be known that if he continues on this path he will never be a legend but a one hit wonder . 50 aint even the best rapper on his own lable , Lloyd banks better than him , Young buck better than him and if 50 cent thinks that selling mo albums means u are the best than he is confused coz I have no doubt he might out sale the average rapper but he aint any better than the average rapper in my opnion he belongs in the catergory of the worst rappers who sell or better yet most over rated rapper
 alright this cd is as plain as this , boo . this nigga 50 is talkin bout how he changed the rap game with his great albums . listen he only got one cd and he thinks he is the best ever , and that first cd wasnt that great . and trust me this new one is wack . he got the nerve to go on radio and tell out rappers record sales when this nigga only got record sales off a one album . this cd will probably sell off of hype and thats it cuz once people pop it in its disappointment . so straight up buy The Game 's album because its the most diverse cd on the market right now !
 This album is a pathetic example on how mainstream music has gone to hell in the past five or six years . I do n't normally listen to rap , if hardly at all , but there is the occasional rap artist that will catch my attention . 50 Cent is the prime example on how rap and mainstream music in general just sucks . Nobody wants to listen to someone who whines about how many times they 've been shot , or how many girls and cars they got . The only people who listen to this are people who want to be cool or think they are cause 50 is so `` hard . '' If you want some good rap to listen to , listen to Necro , Mr. Hyde , Ill Bill , Public Enemy , and Non-Phixon . Do n't waste your money to support this worst example for a musician , if you can even call him that .
 Garbage . this album is an insult to hip-hop . if your looking for another `` Get Rich or Die Trying '' you will be sadly disappointed . Any `` talent '' he had is right out the window , no originality , no depth , no metaphors , no punchlines and to top it all off the production is played . Please save your money , cop some Tupac or Nas , leave fifty 's sh*t on the shelf , any tru hip hopper knows the real sh*t , this aint it .
 I just ca n't figure what 's wrong , but this album just does n't appeal to me . I think the songs sound pretty much the same , with their medium tempos , medium beats and almost flat choruses . `` Disco Inferno '' is fun , but after a few listens it just fades away . And everyone seems to love `` Candy Shop '' -LRB- it did rule the chart for 9 weeks , did n't it ? -RRB- but I think it is nothing special . The beat does n't even make me bop my head , and the background sound -LRB- kind of Asian sound , I think -RRB- does n't fit the beat . Even the chorus is not as infectious as that of `` 21 Questions '' . The current hit , `` Just A Lil ' Bit '' also does n't stick to my ears , I just ca n't distinguish it from all other rap songs out there . So what 's going on ? 50 Cent has lost his creativity ? Only with his second album ? What a pity , because I really like his first release , and I thought he would become one of the most influencing rappers in the future . Better luck next time , pal .
 I have bought all the tune in tuesdays this year and so far the best one is Emma Bunton - Free Me . Former Baby Spice From The Spice Girls . Now If Emma Did a Better job than 50 Cent than he 's got a Problem !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 the massacre from 50 cent is as bad as his first one . that 's it im not getting more 50 cent albums . because 50 cent your time is up .
 WHEW , 50 Cents really stinks , has he ever heard of personal hygiene ?!?! Ah ... `` The Massacre '' by 50 Cents ! There is no better example of how popular culture has reached its lowest point of all time in the last 5 years than 50 Cent ... especially considering the fact that he wo n't shower to clean up his musical act . Back in the 80s and 90s , 50 Cent would have been handed a bar of soap , a bottle of shampoo , and a stick of deodorant and laughed off the stage . But today he is considered one of the most talented musicians in the world ! Talented ? Talented at what ? Constantly wearing a doo rag on your head while angrily yelling into the microphone about your so-called hardcore ghetto life , while constantly walking around with your shirt off just to show how many times you 've been shot in the chest does not classify as musical talent . Being able to belt out a tune like Mariah Carey or better yet , Michael Jackson - that 's musical talent . Being able to play complex guitar passages , guitar riffs , or guitar solos on your guitar like Mark Knoffler , Neil Schon , Jimmy Hendrix , Larry Carlton , Peter White , Norma Jean , Yngwie Malmsteen , awesome bands such as Metallica , Pantera , Slayer , Lamb of God , Killswitch Engage , As I Lay Dying , Machine Head , Children of Bodom , Soulfly , Skinlab , Nile , Necrophagist , Trivium , Shadows Fall , and Unearth - that 's musical talent , and their talent is genuine . Bathing only once a week like 50 Cents -- well that 's just plain gross , uncalled for , and disgusting ! If you are one of those impressionable , trendy , immature , wanna-be hardcore , wanna-be gangster , poser music fans who follow every fad and fashion in popular culture , then this CD is for you . But if you like performers that actually SING the lyrics , as opposed to SCREECHING and SHOUTING them like a cat with its balls caught in a vice , stick with REAL singers like Mariah Carey , and the one and only Michael Jackson ! Their talent was genuine . And they looked clean and neat as well . Unlike 50 Cents , who never wants to take a bath , because he 's always looking so stinky and sweaty in all of his pictures with his shirt off . PUT A SHIRT ON , NO ONE WANTS TO SMELL YOUR STINKING ARMPITS ! Whew ... his music is REALLY stinking ! I mean , it 's just putrid ! Now is n't that an extraordinary concept in this day and age !
 dont get me wrong his first album was tight . . but now 50 's doin exactly what he 's dissed Ja-Rule for doin ... he 's crossed over and went `` pop '' and MTV . . he 's singin his own hooks and only makin music for the clubs ... if any of ya 'll think this is real hip hop . . u need to educate yourself to the culture ... 50 continues to hate and trys to bring every emcee down with him ... he shouldnt have titled this album the `` massacre '' but instead `` the downfall '' 50 better come hard with his next album or he 's destined to fall off ... u want a good CD from the G-Unit camp pick up Buck 's `` Straight Outta Cashville ''
 I have righteously owned and earnestly listened to The Massacre for more than a full week . Despite my personal appreciation for 50 's talent of shameless self-promotion , I was rather indifferent to this record at the time of release . Not to say I was disloyal like The Game -LRB- I was totally committed to shelling out dough for The Massacre -RRB- I just did n't expect this G-Unit offering to be the best album of the -LRB- young -RRB- year . I stayed coyly uncommitted for two reasons . Obviously The Massacre is a sophomore album and I personally find that most sophomore albums lack the passion and innovation of the debut record -LRB- few exceptions being Supreme Clientele by Ghostface , One in a Million by Aaliyah , Rebel Yell by Billy Idol -RRB- . The more important reason why I had lowered any expectations is because I really had no sense of the artist 's direction with The Massacre based on the radio friendly singles that Fiddy 's been dutifully pumping out . It seemed to contradict the battle rap notoriousness of the anticipated Piggy Bank track . Truth be told , I am much more of a fan of the smug thugged-out intensity of 50 , which is satisfyingly convincing , than his seemingly half-hearted attempts at times to sing the chorus on every groupie luv track and club hit.Shady / Aftermath knows how to sell records to a mass market with these singles , however they really push the envelope with 50 in comparison to Eminem . Em 's first single off any of his releases is always catchy and tongue-in-cheek yet the singles still convey the insolence and sarcasm that is Eminem . The 50 Cent singles are catchy too , but never indicate the execration , the imprecation that allows me to enjoy the explicit Mr. P.I.M.P. . The singles are like red herrings , you want to hear the new offering from 50 Cent but you really do n't get true 50 . It 's more swagger than swearing and ` two-step with a lil twist ' as opposed to any hint of rivalry and derision . At least , I can applaud 50 's ability to pimp his record as a corporate artist on federally-regulated , corporate-owned radio , but please give me a `` Wanksta '' - type single !! No more preaching , no more talk about corporate control and radio-airplay , although it is impossible to separate 50 from the media conglomerate template he is slotted into , this is a review of The Massacre . Obviously I 'm not enthusiastic about `` Candyshop '' -LRB- might as well be `` Magic Stick '' , true indeed -RRB- and `` Disco Inferno '' , strictly speaking in terms of club-oriented singles , neither of these tracks are as hot as `` In Da Club '' , nor are they as hot as `` Lean Back '' was from this summer . `` Candyshop '' and `` Disco Inferno '' are just not as lively as those popular overworked overtures . Unfortunately I found that there were more songs that were less than invigorating . 50 treads over `` Just A Lil ' Bit '' with chilly aloofness minus a good chorus despite the curiously exotic beat by Scott Storch . `` So Amazing '' -LRB- featuring Olivia of G-Unit , the Candyshopping cross-eyed -LRB- watch the video ! -RRB- chanteuse -RRB- is formulaic , pairing a restrained 50 with an unexceptional female voice.I 'm saving my sincerest criticism for `` Piggy Bank '' . Geez , what a disappointment . As the lead-off street mixtape track , `` Piggy Bank '' has been publicized with much ballyhoo as the infamous beef track . It really is more of a boast track than beef , as 50 is bragging about record sales to outshine his targets . 50 is totally right when he uses this measure to demarcate himself from his targets , but his contention is not intimidating or frightening . I would have expected this beef track from 50 to be more `` How to Rob '' , with strong-arm bulldozing and bluster . Instead his dispute is splashy squabbling . If anything , this weak track will open the floodgates for more inspired dis rap from the better writers he is ridiculing . If Shyne , Jadakiss , Nas and Fat Joe allow a track innocuously named `` Piggy Bank '' to frighten them into submission or obedience , it would really be shameful . Common had `` The Bitch in You '' , 2Pac had `` Hit 'em Up '' , even Canibus had `` 2nd Round K.O. '' , and Fiddy comes with a nursery rhyme hook and a silly name that does not connote spite for his rivals . I expected bang but got something dim and forceless.Despite my tone so far , it 's not all missteps on The Massacre . The hottest tracks are `` Ski Mask Way '' with that head-nodding Disco D beat -LRB- Is this the same raunchy Disco D who crafted A Night at the Booty Bar ? Incredible ! -RRB- . 50 recites the tried and true ` make money ' slogan with earnest appeal . `` Ski Mask Way '' rumbles with both bass and the threat of force , making it the gangsta track with the most presence on this album . `` My Toy Soldier '' shines because of the inspired verses from Tony Yayo and 50 . While Tony Yayo reinforces his standing as the most lyrically talented member of G-Unit , 50 timely spits combative lyrics that appear to point out treachery within his camp . On `` Ryder Music '' the slick 50 vocals compliment the polished smooth beat from Hi-Tek . The ominous Dr. Dre/Elizondo beat behind `` Gunz Come Out '' is perfect for the grim guntalk mantra that 50 croons . The final track `` Hate It or Love It -LRB- G-Unit Remix -RRB- '' is really a bonus track in more than just name . 50 and The Game -LRB- pre-beef , pre-truce -RRB- are solid . The rest of G-Unit competently work over the soulful beat without overpowering it with their eager voices , but the true bonus here flows from Lloyd Banks . His ongoing improvement as a writer is significant because Lloyd already has a great method of delivering his darts.I did find `` A Baltimore Love Thing '' to be successful in its message and manner . I think that personification rap is generally appealing because the artist is engaged in a blended role-playing approach that allows them to probe different sentiments while they are exploring fantasy . They do n't necessarily have to be themselves while they inhabit the object but the artist 's imagination is always the main component . As crack cocaine -LRB- or is it heroin ? Does it even matter ? -RRB- , 50 Cent does a good job delving into the destructive romanticism of addiction . It 's been a long running theme in music and 50 rhymes within the same vein as Neil Young when the latter trolls on `` Needle and the Damage Done '' -LRB- ' I caught you knockin ' at my cellar door / I love you , baby , can I have some more ' -RRB- or as like Velvet Underground on their `` Heroin '' -LRB- ` Heroin , be the death of me / Heroin , it 's my wife and it 's my life ' -RRB- . Fiddy makes the song cautionary in it 's message by maintaining a brutish victimizing tone that just simply works.The album is not an improvement over 50 's debut . I 'm not a fan of artistically static efforts from rappers in the industry , but I would have liked The Massacre to be Get Rich ... I want just one track like `` 21 Questions '' and 15 proper gangsta tracks that hit their mark . The album could have been pared down 5-6 tracks to allow it to be a release that I could play from beginning to end . I initially agreed with the review in the April XXL magazine by Anslem Samuel in which he basically inferred that after Get Rich or Die Trying , 50 got rich and stopped trying . 50 has n't stopped trying to be the most conspicuous rapper , but he does n't try to offer anything innovative . In fact , his sound and attitude is diluted by the r & b ; influenced songs that thin an already stagnant effort . While he is great at promoting himself and giving his album popular exposure , he does not push himself to cultivate his craft . I hope for his next album , 50 will work on delivering a stronger effort as opposed to pitching urban apparel , Reeboks , and vitaminwater .
 What is the deal with this 50 cent fella?he 's lyrics and ability to rap is pathetic he 's voice shows no emotion or range and he 's vocab just lacks depth it 's only a matter of time before a person becomes bored of hearing the stuttering phrase G-Unit what 's the guys obsession with guns aswell ? ca n't he sell a album without resorting to constant bickering of oh im a pimp ive got big guns my sonsPeople who compare this guy to Tupac seriously need to take a closer look at 50 cent he is a over hyped foolI could produce a better track than this chump least I would be considered orignal and not commericialAs this new album goes we have heard it all before and face it it has already been done better before : -RRB- if these guys are the future of rap then jesus what 's it coming to i agree with the Game and also agree that he would be better off away from 50 because at the end of the day the game has tighter flows than 50 cent and is a better lyricist and poor old 50 does n't want the game to out shine himwell i 'm sorry son but hey already hasthis album is whackyour a commerical pop rap making pathetic excuse of a rapperI would challenge you anytime on the mic and would embarrass youpeace outdont bother releasing a 3rd album this is the end of youYou are the whackest of the whackest rappers get some new material tupac did it better :-RRB- plus he kept it real
 The worst put together album of all time . I like real music . This really is absolute crap . If you like this you are obviously a white kid from the burbs .
 Commercial Hip Hop is a disgrace to the hip hop culture . Hip Hop began as intelligent music ... and for some stupid reason , went downhill .
 What is going on with the reference to candy and teddy bear and cuddly things ? And he supposed to be a rapper ! Why do people buy this kind of music , if you call it music at all . Just put a couple of synthesizer bars together along with a beat a walla , you have a song . Yo GEE-DAWG this album is too much club music and the lyrics are `` WHACK '' , `` lick you like a lollipop '' ?
 Wow ... if you actually think 50 cent is a good rapper , then I feel sorry for you . His lyrics sucks , his voice is annoying , and the beats are WAY overproduced . The only reason why it will sell is because of Dre and Em producing the tracks , creating and publicizing him . The ONLY reason why it will sell is because of one -RRB- stupid teenie club songs and two -RRB- All the beef is talking is going to draw attention to his new albumn , WHY ELSE WOULD HE BE DISSING EVERYONE !? Including The Game . . ? He 's so pathetic . He IS worse than Ja Rule , G Unit is tight , 50 ... ? Omfg . He 's a joke .
 This was one of the most unoriginal albums I have ever listened to . 50 has absolutely nothing relevant to talk about . Every song says 3 things I still sell drugs , Im gon na shoot you and I 'm a pimp . Oh yeah and how much money I have . every song sounds the same and it all sounds like his first song and every chorus he writes for g-unit . Game is the only hope for that crew . What is even more dissapointing is the track eminem produced , piss poor . Also if 50 is going to attack every rapper from NYC he better come harder than that . If your looking for some descent production with stupid rhymes this cd is perfect for you .
 Lets get two things straight
 is n't he some 1-hit-wonder for his song `` in da club '' from 2 or 3 years ago ? 50 ... ur NOT THE GREATEST RAPPER!and after looking at reviews , yah ... Emma 's `` Free Me '' album is a great ! so is Brooke Valentine ! Nivea ! Toni Braxton ! Amerei ! and so on ... BUT NOT 50 !
 I really ca n't believe Dre or Eminem let this garbage get released under their labels . 50 Cent I understand , he does n't know any better . 50 was whining so much about Dre working on Game 's album instead of his that he got impatient and got wack producers . `` I 'm Supposed to Die Tonight '' is the only thing I can listen to on the whole album . Go somewhere and listen to the snippets , 30 seconds is all you need to realize how horrible this is . And that beef with Game was all an attempt to start controversy and sell albums . 50 committed lyrical suicide with this one , I hope he does n't wake up this time .
 Hello , to all . My review will at least attempt to be as honest as I can make it .50 Cent ... . has lyrical talent , I 'm not talking about the bull crap cd 's he has come out with in the past . I 'm talking about grimmy 50 Cent where he can freestyle with the best of them . Eminem did not pick up 50 for being a `` Trend '' he picked him up because he has lyrical talent.From what 50 Cent 's excuse was that Dr. Dre and Aftermath were so busy with doing The Games CD that they pushed back 50 's album , therefore causing a egotistic 50 to get mad and jealous because he was not under the lime light and go to outside sources . He also said something along the lines as if the CD was a rush job and he was kidding on songs such as Piggy bank in which he was not writing seriously.To me it sounded like he found some weird weed and started tripping off of it . Everyone knows his feud with Game etc. . I 'm not going to speak on this because honestly if the world does not allow the both of them to come to an agreement we could lose more rappers to the streets.I hope these two brothers resolve their issues like real men and not ignorant gangasters as all the gangsters are laying dead in the ground as we speak .50 Really needs to stop trying to impress the women and make the money and gain the respect of the public again . I think if he writes his lyrics and lyrically expresses himselef verses thisI got moneyI got shotI got femalesWhat you got?Type stuff ... it 's like been there ... done that ... : : Yawns :
 ... What the hell is this crap . Utter garbage . I mean 50 is not the best lyrical rapper , but come on . Gatman and Robbin ... wtf is that ? CLICKITY CLANK ... uh no sucka , shaddup now . Tracks worth listening to are In my hood , candy shop and disco inferno and I suggest you download them . Not one song on here is worth spending any cash whatsoever . God Bless the internet for allowing people like ME to download this garbage 2 weeks in advance . I ca n't wait for Nas and Jadakiss to put this cocky arrogant punk in his place . Oh is it going to be nice , good times are ahead people . Peace .
 50 cent round 2 . he hit us with `` the massacre '' with his rhymes SLIGHTLY stepped up which would put him now in the D category for grades . i do have to question how this guy is so tough in his rhymes and poses with numerous guns but has a restraining order on vivica a fox and irv gotti ? as i recall neither of them have harmed the 5-0 police snitch . so why have this restraining order ? are n't you man enough to tell vivica face to face when she wants an explanation for the split between them ? apparently not . ha ! and the bullet proof vest for his son ? ha ! do n't let your mouth write checks that your a $ $ ca n't cash , 50 ! do n't talk trash to jada and fat joe cuz they do n't play ! as you see he 's already scared . plus rolling with a slew of bodyguards does n't make you gangsta , it shows how weak you are ! oh man anyway back to his music after i let the truth be told . anyway did n't this 50 guy say that he was sick of ja rule singing and if you wan na hear the real gangsta rap buy my album ? i 'm not quoting him but yes that was his strategy . a good one in fact that seemed to show him doing the opposite . countless songs have 50 crooning away in the chorus like this is a drifters album or something . `` now featuring the king of motown , the wonderfully talented , tenor voiced , the heartbreaking 50 cent ! '' i can see it right now . stop singing man ! if u wan na sing then make amends with ja rule !
 The depths to which 50-Cent will sink to galvanize his commercial image is pathetic , if not counter-produtive to the diversity of rap that allowed for his genre of rap to even flourish in the first place . 50 has the nerve to release songs with him inserted onto tracks laced with Tupac 's lyrics when anybody that knows the diversity of Tupac knows that aside from Pac 's thug image Tupac had scruples enough to make songs that countered the gravity of the thug kamikaze mentality .50 lacks the balance of having a human heart on his albums that is the color on the canvas of the artform needed for one to be labeled an artist . Without a heart , there 's no sensational struggle to be noted of 50 's 9 bullet wounds , which he may have incurred due to his lack of human heart . He ca n't say that he became heartless after being shot because he wears 4-ton platinum crosses that symbolize the compassion of the Christ yet he has no compassion for the neighborhood that lent credibility to his name , the neighborhood that he was fortunate enough to move out of , the neighborhood he shows his gratitude to by endangering the safety of the neighbors by flooding the airwaves with his inflammatory lyrics that propagate petty theft and strong-arm robbery . Some thanks to the neighborhood that could have swallowed him whole during his formative years . Like Tupac said on the movie documentary Resurrection , the criminal justice system releases criminals back into the African-American community as if all African-Americans ' standards are so degraded and consumed with criminality that the community welcomes its criminals back into it . Tupac said no , the criminals that are deemed as violaters of the peace by the criminal justice system are deemed as violaters by the African-American community 's higher standards as well and the community feels threatened as well by the proliferation of thug idiots who endanger the lives of all proximate to them.Point being is that even at the beginning of `` The Massacre '' 50 Cent who should be called 50 % percent , strays from the intelligence of Tupac by subliminally aspiring to inspire thugs to senseless acts of violence way out of line of any reason . For no more than the sake of exhibitting the insanity created by greed , money and the the desire for increased Soundscan ratings , 50 Cent has forsaken the true artform of the music called rap by becoming a true to life low-life which is probably his prerequisite to `` true '' thug status . 50 Cent is actually a house n * gga in the sense that he even goes so low as to say that he 'll use his house n * gga status at Interscope Records to delay the release of Styles P 's new album that will contain the confidence reaffirming track `` I 'm Black '' . 50 cent ca n't have that because that track alone would give Styles P the leverage of label advantage that would put 50 cent and Interscope in the position of begging Styles P for musical contributions as a forerunner artist of the soon to be popular alternative to the bullschizucks-all-the-time .50 Cent 's misogynist lyrics are degrading to women , even women like Vivica Fox who in the movie `` Set It Off '' exemplified the extent to which African-American Women transcend the frailty usually associated with women for the sake of survival , even to the point of self-sacrifice , now thats a Ryde or Die chick . . music that is getting the African-American community no where but more reliant upon false images that do not even portray the true strength of the character of African-Americans . Therein lies potential strength of songs like `` I 'm Black '' that motivate youth to self-esteem and knowledge of one 's self and pride in who one is regardless of the aggravating , seemingly hopeless circumstances that surround people . The Legacy of the peoples of the ` hood helping each other despite personal differences and a common struggle against losing one 's identity in the midst of poverty , drugs , sex , lies and video tape is dying and though one have dough to live it is nothing when one forgets what they are living for and the people that made/make life interesting enough worth living . It does n't have to all be in vain , the blood shed of those that came before to make things for us easier now . Just imagine 50 Cent a multi-millionaire with aid of Eminem , they both go to see 8-mile and 50 gets turned away at the door . It might have been that way if not for the Civil Rights Movement . People from the neighborhood and barrios , put to 50 Cent like Janet Jackson said `` What Have You Done For Me Lately ? ''
 I 'M GOING TO MAKE THIS REALLY SHORT THIS CD SUCK IT SUCK REALLY BAD MY GRANDMA CAN RAP BETTER THEN 50 CENT DOES IN THIS CD .
 50 cent is garbage . He is no good . He is doing this for the money . He was WAY better when he was underground . If oyu guys want to hear the real 50 cent , listen to his old cd 's . BUT , do not buy this cd .
 This is possibly one of the worst -LRB- so-called -RRB- rap albums to come out in the recent decade -LRB- that 's right , not the year , month or week - but the decade ! -RRB- . Typical recylcled trash , disguised as music . You have been warned !!!!
 How can you guys give into this media hog ?? He gets into a beef with The Game , which is an obvious publicity stunt , seeing as how they are now friends again THE DAY that album results are in . 1.14 million copies ?? Where has our music industry gone ?? He 's not gangsta , like he says he is . He is what is wrong with Hip hop . He is such a hypocrite , telling Ja Rule to stop singing , when he sings the choruses of `` Candy Shop '' and `` Disco Inferno '' . That 's fine if you like his music , but if you ACTUALLY think that he is a real hardcore rapper , then there is something wrong . Hardcore gangsta rappers do n't sing tacky double entendre HIP-POP songs like `` Candyshop '' -LRB- which is a complete rip-off of `` Magik Stick '' and `` Disco Inferno '' is a complete rip-off of `` On Fire '' by Lloyd Banks -RRB- . Honestly , it 's almost a nightmare that this overhyped , sugarcoated crap , by a hypocritical , egotistical rapper ACTUALLY sold 1.14 million , in it 's first week . No offense to his fans but you guys have given into to a self-centered loser . -LRB- Buy the way , where were you 1.14 million people , when his actual gangsta CD `` Guess Who 's Back '' came out ?? -RRB-
 Forget the diss track the new cd is ok but when you think 50 cent you want great . he even sed that if this cd sells one copy less than get rich it was a failure . Sorry buddy you failed this cd has 22 tracksat least 10 tracks are decent and only 4 tracks are hot . When you have 8 songs on a cd that are garbage you 're cd sux . Young Bucks cd was better than this one . Plus the reason he dropped Game is because people where gon na know he was better than him once his cd dropped and people saw how horrible it was . To be hones Artist who have dropped a cd have failed to equal theyre one before it , Nas cd was n't as good as God son , Ludacris Cd was also crap to me to two hottest albums that have dropped in the last couple of moths are T.I urban Legend , & games gift wich I think is a classic -LRB- do n't get me wrong it is n't as good as get rich or dye trying but it was better than every G-unit album that dropped after it -RRB- . JAdakiss is better , Fat joe is better and Nas is better than this Clown . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 LISTEN UP PEOPLE !!!!! This entire week you can go to MTV.com and preview the ENTIRE cd on `` the Leak '' . I implore you to do so . This cd is weak AT BEST ! The tracks `` I 'm Supposed To Live Tonight '' , `` Disco Inferno '' , and `` Hate It Or Love It -LRB- G Unit Remix -RRB- '' are the only songs that you might want to hear more than once . I 'm not a hater of 50 cent . I believe he 's talented artist , but this cd was just a waste of his time and , if you purchase it , your money .
 The following line from Jadakiss ' diss , Checkmate , sums up this album very well : `` You ai n't get shot again yet , so what 's your second album about ? -LRB- Nothin ' ! -RRB- ''
 50 cent is lyrically one of the worst MCs in rap . He sings on just about every track to try to cover up his lack of lyrical skill . All of his rhymes could of been thought up in about 20 seconds . Piggy Bank is probably the worst diss track I 've ever heard . Besides Tony Yayo , who 's really not a rapper at all , 50 cent is the least talented member of G-Unit -LRB- and that 's saying something -RRB- . It 's a shame that G-Unit is now sucking in actual talented artists like Mobb Deep . The only good thing to come out of The Massacre is Jadakiss response to Piggy Bank -LRB- Checkmate -RRB- where he absolutely lights 50 up . If you like mindless mainstream pop rap The Massacre is for you .
 This Is A Joke . Get The New Ghostface Cd If You Want Real New York Rap .
 50 is a hustler . The only reason he beefs with other rappers is to clear the field and be able to sell the same crap they sell . Like your friendly neighbourhood pusher . Hey , got some beats from suppliers , got distributon and go ! He is not an artist , he is a hustler with badly cut coke in a good neighbourhood . Otherwise , album is whack . Do n't be surprised to find special `` G-Unit '' edition Twinkies in your supermarket very soon .
 This cd is not worth your hard earned money i can not tell how bad this cd is . He was never that great in the first place and he is not going to get any better in the future . But little white kids are going to the stores and buying this cd and it is due to hype . To people who are considering buying this album do not i repeat do not it is not worth your money .
 It 's really scary when you consider that people actually listen to this crap . I mean what is so special about this stuff ? It is the same beat repeated over and over again with a bunch of stupid lyrics about `` hos '' `` bling-bling '' `` street thug gangsta '' or whatever the hell he sings about . And what really baffles me is that rap is demeaning to women and yet all that girls listen to nowadays is rap . I have yet to meet a girl who even knows bands like Led Zeppelin and Metallica are . I guess women must like being treated like garbage that is the only answer . Now do n't get me wrong I am not racist but it pisses me off when white women only date black guys because rap is so popular and because of some stupid rumor that black guys have bigger `` organs '' or whatever , which I seriously doubt . Well sorry i got off subject but bottom line is do not buy this , buy music that was actually put together by the musician with hard work and determination . All this 50 Cent loser has to do is play beats on his computer over and over I mean come on a total retard could do that.To all you rap fans -LRB- especially the females -RRB- try listening to rock and not dissing it just because there are no `` phat beats '' or whatever . If you actually listened to bands like Black Flag , Stone Temple Pilots , or Pink Floyd to name a few , you might find something you like . Plus rap wo n't stay popular forever . In the future we 'll be looking back and laughing at it just like we do with disco nowadays . So why do n't you just put the rap away now and quit embarassing yourself because trust me when I see you guys on TV dancing to this garbage you look like a bunch of baboons with coconuts shoved up your arses.Just say no to rap
 im sorry fifty fans but this album delivers very little . Get rich or die tryin was ok , but this album is nowhere near his mixtape quality when he first came on the scene . Recently fifty wants the game banished you know why ? cause dre used all his good beats for the documentary and fifty was left with nothing for his sophmore effort . People say that the game has way too many name refrences in his album , well count how many times 50 uses gun refrences in his album . He aint the best lyricest either and he knows banks is better than him when it comes to lyrical quality . Finally people are saying how did u get to hear the album so early ... ITS CALLED BOOTLEGG , go get one on your local street corner . So without further heres a track by track rating.Intro / 2-intros aint perfect and this one wasnt neededIn my hood/2-not good starter track and the lyrics aint greatThis Is 50/3 .5 - good production and song is not half badIm supposed to die tonight/3-same eminem bassline but it works on this one.Piggy Bank/3 .5 - great production but this is not even close to a diss track , one line for each artist he hates , nothing compared to back down.Gatman and robbin ' / 1.5-this song is just plain bad , beat is bad , flow is bad too and eminem doesnt deliver.Candy shop/2-song is not hot and scott storch 's beats all sound the same -LRB- lean back , k-i-s-s me , hey he produces for the artists that 50 hates -RRB- Outta control/2-a dre beat that sounds way too similar to higher in game 's documentaryGet in my car/2 .5 - good beat by hi-tek but song is same old same topic that fifty spits.Ski mask way/3-great beat but the song gets old quick -LRB- why does 50 need to take money if he made 50 mil ? -RRB- A baltimore love thing/3 .5 - another great beat , an actual good song.Ryder music/3 .5 - same as baltimore love thing.Disco Inferno/2-On fire part 2 , gets old quickjust a lil bit/2-i swear i heard this song a couple of tracks ago , slightly better than candy shopGunz come out/1 .5 - barely listen to this song , just filler trackMy toy soldier/2 .5 - not bad but `` toy soldier '' ? whatever thats really gangsta ??? Position of power/3-good beat and thats about it.Build you up/1 .5 - fifty never collaborate with jamie fox , not a good songGod gave me style/1-god didnt give u a good albumSo amazing/2-rap-pop ... next !! I dont need em/2-took the beat from ghostface 's pretty toney album called `` metal lungies '' , bad songHate or love it remix/1 .5 - another filler track , he did not need this track at all , save it for mixtape.Well i hope fifty learns that he needs to step his game up and stop selling vitamin water and ugly sneakers .
 50 cent is one of the worst rappers to hit a recording studio almost as bad as Webbie . I see some people wrote `` I bet people did not even listen to the album they just heard the singles and thought it was soft '' . Well i listened to the whole album and my IQ dropped 83 points it was that retarded of an album . The only reason this sells is because white people think their cool when blasting this in their vehicles . I will never purchase a G Unit affiliated album ever again even if I like the artist because I know 50 will be on it . HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!!
 50 rules hiphop right now and have the nerve to call him and gay unit the realest out there 50 's a damn fool and would ` nt even be on the scene if it was ` nt for dre , and eminem . 50 's trying to pick up where pac left off pac was more menacing in his diss songs yukmouth and the regime is dissing the hell out of gay unit screw 50 he has ` nt made a reply to scarface a true vet in this ganhgster scene 50 does ` nt want none of scarface and as yukomouth said rap a lot ran g unit out of housdton , candyshop is something ja and ashanti would have done trashy record you want real gangster music pick up the new 1 by brotha lynch hung , and mc eiht , plus kokane , spice 1 , goldie loc , big tray dee , cbo , and big hutch .
 I thought that this dude was gon na play hip hop savior when Get Rich or Die Tryin ' came out . It only took me about 2 months to see what he was about . Stupid beefs and Singing ! I just do n't like 50 like that no more . This is the worst CD to come out in 2005 . Support The Game at least he got something to rap about .
 Even though 50 cent is n't a great MC i still expected much more on this album . Infact , i ca n't even lie but his first album `` Get Rich or Die Tryin '' was actually a really good CD . 50 has gone further down the Ja Rule path , singing on almost every track and trading in much of the gangsta imagery which made him popular in the first place for a ladies man persona . He should have named this album `` Get Rich and Stop Tryin ' . '' A lot of Fifty 's songs are deriviative of himself . Nothing on the album is outstanding even Eminem 's guest appearance is lack luster . If you absolutely must have some Aftermath gangsta ish pick up The Game or Young Bucks . Avoid this album if you can .
 I can understand someone who is n't really into Hip-Hop but decide to take a listen to one of the biggest Hip-Hop artists albums and dislike the gerne . You wonder how can someone who make such pathetic worthless crap become so popular ? but the thing is 50 Cent is not the only one here , so many others aswell are putting out crap but the reason 50 Cent is so hot I really dont understand . I dont see were his music is so good that everything he releases has to race up the charts like it 's phenomenal or something . His music does not stand out whatsoever . His crap is no better then anyone elses crap . 50 Cent is one of those artists who is bulid around image . There are artists far more superior who has something to talk about that probably want see the light of day . People wonder why they dont hear anything with substance ? We want embrace it . 50 Cent 's name alone will have him selling millions regardless of how bad his music is , that 's just the way it is . I feel bad for people who actually has talent but never get the exposure because the industry feel like they do n't deserve a chance .
 First of all not under13 ok!well any ways , this album sucks this is not rapping.Now every one wants to take the spots of biggie and tupac.If they would be here g-unit would not even be as big as it is right now .50 thinks he is all better than game but you need to fase the truth GAME IS BETTER !!! He could say that he wrote the whole album but who cares its all about Game.So dont waste your money on this crap and spend more money on tupac.GO OAKLAND RAIDERS !!!!
 Where `` Get Rich or Die Tryin ' '' was innovative with fresh beats , good hooks and a passable flow , this CD is flat , fuzzy , and the rappin ' is straight pre-school ! I know some people are just about the beats , but the rappin ' should say something too ! And 50 cents has nothing new to say ! Artists are suppose to grow from one project to the next , not regress!If you only want straight beats and do n't care about anything else then buy this CD , but if you want mad grooves and a decent flow -LRB- I wo n't even say great word flow because 50 ai n't no Tupac , Nas or Mos Def -RRB- , then save your money ` cuz there 's nothing here !
 this new album by pain of salaavation is the worst yet its about god whut r they trying to be christian now that is lame i ca n't beleieve peole call this prog daniel gidlenblow is terrible go by some symphony x instread .
 Hey 50 , shot nine times , having trouble with The Game or whatever the f*ck his name is ? Tell you what homes , I let you ride wid my crew and den Ill let you shoot up some of my rivals you eard?Ha ha ha , thats me trying to be all gangster , but believe me I am more hardcore than any wannabee wanksta this side of the Mississippi.I hate 50 cent ever since he made that damn lollypop song , that piece of sh*t has been in my head ever since and I need good songs like alternative rock and Eminem mixed together to get it out of my head.A friend of mine said she hates 50 Cent because he does n't treat women right , I tend to agree , but then again I try to focus myself on hooking up with her as well , so I 'll say anything with her around.Hey 50 , dawg if you want you can go lick your own lollypop you eard ? Later homie g , we 'll let the roof burn down , flap our wings , lean back , shake our tailfeathers , and get our eagles on on the West side!Aiight !!!!
 50 is like luda ... 1 album wonders . 50 has one hot album - `` get rich or die tryin '' ... luda has one hot album - `` back for the first time '' . to be honest i think rap is falling apart . even eminem 's new cd does n't even come close to how perfect his past 3 were . he 's already rapped about everything he can think of so thats ok . but 50 ... sad ...
 I was a fan of rap in 1993-1997 , between now and then i have quit listening to rap for the most part . I do like DMX and Three Six Mafia . I picked up Get Rich or Die Tryin and I LOVED IT . So the first day this came out , i bought it and the next day i sold it . All the street elements are nearly gone , everything he hated about Ja Rule has come back at him and he is now a hypocrite . I wished this album was a joke . I guess it is time to give up on rap . Rap is supposed to make people in the street want to feel better and not like $ & * % because they ca n't afford a Benz and A million dollar mansion . 50 , you went the way of Snoop , Nelly and all of the jokes that are in the rap game . There are some good rappers left , they just are not on tv . You do n't have to rap with N'Sync and Country singers to get attention . I do like the new Game album though . I miss Death Row so much . Now on to listening to Nine inch nails , Kmfdm , Rammstein , and Strapping Young Lad .
 first of all to make things clear , i dont hate on 50 or g-unit . I simply dislike weak albums that get described as being classics . 50 's GRODT was undeniably one of the better rap albums to come out in recent years . Game 's Documentary was equally as good if not better . but as for 50 's new release the Massacre , it is honestly one of the biggest disappointments as far as rap is concerned . Even the ppl at aftermath and g-unit know what an average cd this is . All these beefs and controversy that has `` all of a sudden arisen '' nothing but a big publicity stunt to sell records . Lets get serious . . why would 50 and game beef just days before the Massacre was to be released and then aruptly end their beef and hold a press conference days after the release . And whats this garbage about 50 gettin at kiss , fat joe , shyne and nas . U got ta be kiddin me . 50 knows his album is garbage and he needs something to get it hyped up . I dont understand why ppl are callin piggybank a good diss track -LRB- if u can even call it that -RRB- He mentions each of his `` enemies '' in one-liners . The rest of his song has nothing to do with them . The Massacre is full of club/dance songs where 50 comes out singing . Isnt that what he dissed Ja for doing ? This album is more pop then most of Ja 's cds . I thinks this is the begginning of the end for 50 and g-unit . PS . check out Jadakiss ' -LRB- checkmate -RRB- and Fat Joe 's -LRB- My Fo-Fo -RRB- response to piggybank . . both are fire ! they absolutly slay 50 . Hopefully Nas -LRB- 50 is nowhere near his level -RRB- and Shyne -LRB- when he gets out of jail -RRB- respond as well . . at least dl this album before you go throw your money away . If your lookin for some good rap albums , check out Game 's Documentary , Fabolous ' Real Talk or Nas ' Streets Diciple . 2Pac 's Loyal To The Game is worth buying as well
 The Massacre
 First off , I must say that this was a terrible album , esp . a follow-up of a classic , blazin debut album . I loved GRODT and The Massacre was just whack . A true Shady/Aftermath/G-Unit fan will be disappointed with this album .1 . Intro - no rating2 . In My Hood - dumb intro to this album 5/103 . This is 50 - corny song ; the worst has only started 3/104 . I 'm Supposed to Die Tonight - another bad song !! 4/105 . Piggy Bank - weak diss to everybody who has beef with him ; his Ja Rule disses on GRODT were actually effective . And the beat sucks too !! 7/106 . Gatman and Robbin -LRB- featuring Eminem -RRB- - This was the only great song on the album . If this song and Game 's `` We Ai n't '' were on Eminem 's `` Encore '' , maybe that album would not have sucked as much . 9/107 . Candy Shop -LRB- featuring Olivia -RRB- - Loved it the week it came out , but got overplayed too fast on radio , MTV and any other music-related stuff you can think of . originally 9/10 now 3/108 . Outta Control - BEST SONG ON THE ALBUM !!! This album should have included more production by Dr. Dre 15/109 . Get In My Car - cheap ripoff of `` P.I.M.P. '' 4/1010 . Ski Mask Way - yet another skippable track . 2/1011 . A Baltimore Love Thing - This is one song I can relate to , so I 'll give 50 porps for this . 8.5 / 1012 . Ryder Music - I am a gasngster who is NOT riding to it . 5/1013 . Disco Inferno - another overrated song that sucks . If you catch the video on BET Uncut , just watch it and keep the TV on mute because the song is bad !! . 2/10 -LRB- +5 because of the video , so 7/10 -RRB- 14 . Just A Lil Bit - a catchy beat with production by Scott Storch , who produced the first single `` Candy Shop '' . 7.5 / 1015 . Gunz Come Out - another Dr. Dre-produced joint . 9/1016 . My Toy Soldier -LRB- featuring Tony Yayo -RRB- - terrible recreation of Eminem 's `` Toy Soldiers '' ; Ray Benzino 's Toy Soldiers response , `` Look Into My Eyes '' is a better song , and sadly , that 's not saying much17 . Position Of Power - another skippable track . 3/1018 . Build You Up -LRB- featuring Jamie Foxx -RRB- - all right song . JF 's appearance on Twista 's `` Slow Jamz '' was better . This is one of those songs that should have had Nate Dogg . 6.5 / 1019 . God Gave Me Style - an extremely great , catchy song but I wish He gave him the style on this album that he did on GRODT . 8/1020 . So Amazing -LRB- featuring Olivia -RRB- - better song than Candy Shop ; end of discussion . 9/1021 . I Do n't Need Em - if you seen All Eyes on 50 Cent Part 2 on MTV , you 'll hear Fat Joe saying that he disses everybody but himself . I get the feeling that he is secretly attempting to diss Eminem . This song suck either way anyway . 4/1022 . Hate It Or Love It -LRB- Remix featuring G-Unit -RRB- - the remix was aiight , but the regular version -LRB- The Game featuring 50 Cent -RRB- is much better . 7/10
 do n't get this cd . it 's a waste of money . His first cd dominates this one . Get a actual good cd like lil wayne - tha carter or Do or Die-DOD
 50 is now 25 . He got rich now hes not trying . the massacre sucks . not like get rich or die tryin thats good .
 This ca n't even be considered music . It is such a joke , not on 50 Cent 's part but on the people who actually listen and buy this junk . 50 cent 's songs basically consists of idiotic `` rapping '' and a 3 second tune that is repeated throughout the song . Where 's the talent in that?People always brag how `` rap is so talented , and i can relate to the lyrics '' - Thats a lie . Rap is untalented , and tell me how do you relate to lyrics like `` in da club '' or `` pimp '' . Only teenagers with a low self esteen buy this crap.For real music listen to rock , metal , classical , and everything in between . Something with actual talent and instruments ?
 I told you people i told u people i told u people , this guy wanted 2 be Ja Rule.He didnt diss Ja Rule because he didnt like Ja , He dissed Ja because of Ja Rule 's position in tha game.And all you people fell 4 it , your turning on this fake clown just like you did Ja Rule.You people -LRB- TRL and pop fans -RRB- are the reason for this fake clown.He fooled all you clowns the first album -LRB- check the title , Get Rich Or Die Tryin , thats exactly what he did he got rich off all you fools buying into him and destroying Ja Rule and it turns out he is Ja Rule now singing on hooks and doing pop songs with pop artists -LRB- everything you despised Ja Rule for -RRB- . You people make me sick thats why the game is so fake and hollywood is because you people are idiots.I live by the saying If You Dont Stand 4 Something Youll Fall 4 Anything and you people fall 4 everything.This street dude fooled all you rich , middle class , college educated and headed 2 college idiots into believing his make believe life story and yall all fell 4 it like a kid in a candy store.Being truthful i havent even heard the Massacre but i saw this day coming from the jump.This just shows you how fake 99 % of music fans are , there is no loyalty at all in the game anymore , people just jump on the bandwagon because the next person does , they dont think for themselves.Ja Rule was right all along ,50 wanted 2 be him and he is and now you people are sick 2 your stomachs because your so dumb.That who label is full of fakes it dosent take a rocket scientist 2 figure that out , Dr.Dre used 2 wear lipstick 4 Christ sake.Feminem ,50 pennies , The Lame , etc. are all talented gimmicks , thats it.I swear i wish 2pac was still alive because if he was none of these phonies would exist and if they did they wouldnt be big like they are.The fact of the matter is hip hop is a joke now and has been a joke since 96 and will continue being a joke until its tooken back and snatched from this MTV and TRL nightmare that has it in this chokehold .
 albums like this make me sick . and they 're gunna continue to be made because idiots actually buy them . not even close to real hip hop
 the singles on this track are hot . i give him that . that was 1 star . the rest is garbage . took away 3 stars . now the only good things on this album are the beats by all the hot producers . tahts 1 star.the only good verse 50 cent ever made was victory 2004 because it wasnt his own style.i was anxious of buying this album . after the hour listening . shoot i listened to 5 minutes and turned it off . gwen stefani 's hollah back girl is better than this .
 disregard the 1 star rating because this thing is in the negative , i 'm really disgusted with the state of hip hop and hope that good rappers will get to shine in the spotlight one day and not talentless bums like this , i agree with matt c check out the new Common cd , and Sean Price , Madlib , C Ray Walz and Perceptionists cds , if you made the mistake of buying this cd put it to good use as a coaster
 This album is really not good whatsoever . I 've heard enough of it to know how bad it is . I heard that this one time fitty cent went to some kinda rock festival somewhere -LRB- I think it was in London , or somewhere near there -RRB- , and he got ` bottled ' off the stage . That tells me he thinks he 's the best thang ever to set foot on this earth , but we need to push him aside and make room for the good rappers , as few of them as there are left . Honestly , 50 cent would probably have been ` bottled ' off the stage of even a rap festival , if there is such a thing , because he 's just not good . I do n't even have this CD and I do n't plan on getting it any time soon , or ever at all . Rap fans should probably go buy cds by Outkast -LRB- the older ones , not the new double cd set -RRB- , Nas , or this new guy called Tech N9 , or something like that . Those guys are real good rappers . There 's more I can think of , but I forgot . If I remember I 'll add them later in my next review . Anyway , do n't buy this cd . Maybe buy his first one , but I really do n't know what that one sounds like . Just a warning to any fans of real rap ...
 50Cent is a bunch of bs hype , the guy ca n't even go without a song saying he is going to kill someone ha ha . 50 tries to pass himself as a legend when in reality he is a Chingy , Nelly type Bubble Gum Rapper . Just Listen To his Rhymes on his tracks , if you know rap,G-Unit homeboys you know the guy ca n't rap .
 Well of course this album is suppose to be bad . 50 Cent has already made his riches off his first album . He knows that he has drew in enough hype to sell his records no matter how terrible they are and he 's going to use that to his advantage . People need to realize that the music industry is corrupted . Music has become nothing more then a money making scheme that diminishes people . You think 50 really cares what people think of this album ? I do n't think so . Obviosuly he doesnt care about the album because it 's trash . He is getting paid regardless and he will continue to get paid because he has someone else always promosing him this and that if he keeps doing what he do .
 Now i bought Get Rich or Die Tryin I 'll admit ... Did n't really like that but liked a few songs ... But This Cd was a total waste of my money . . fa reals ... Nothin but Cliche ' Gangsta Garbage ... I hated this cd so much ... I threw it away . . Literally in the Trash . . Its nuttin but Shoot em up I 'll kill u , Sellin drugs or doin drugs . . A buncha Stupid Love Songs And thats pretty much the Gist of 50 's Talent . . NO HIP HOP IN ANY SENSE OF THE WORD ... 50 cent is everything thats wrong wit this world ... I hate to judge him but he 's not deliverin a message i can support , Neither is anybody else in G-Unit .
 Im sorry 50 cent fans but dis album was a waste of plastic . U either like dis lp cuz you are in tha burbs and u are a shady/g-unit fanatic or u jus came up out of rehab . Now my real hip hop fans out there knows 50 lyrics and flow is very weak and overated but otha wise its going to sale regardless of wat tha album sounds like he couldnt done it a country and heavy metal album and tha burbs and clones ppl out there would of said still dis album rocks ! Ya boy 50 is over rated and u get on Ja for doing love songs or pop joints or singing and u turn around and mimic and do tha same thang . `` Candy Shop '' for one example and then `` Disco Inferno '' to `` Get In My Car '' and im not done to `` So Amazing '' . It was a very weak follow up album to `` Get Rich Or Die Tryin '' whick was a hard lp . But dis cd was embarssing fam for real . Like he had a couple tight tracks like `` Ski Mask Way '' and `` Baltimore Love Thing '' was sum tight tracks as well as for `` Postion Of Power '' was hot . Overall fam dis cd was garbage like `` Piggy Bank '' man all the hype i heard around dat 1 track from G-Unit and sum writters I thought dat was going to be tha coldest diss track in hip hop history and like I expected it was horrible tha beat was hot but tha diss is garbage . Honestly he dont want it with D-Block , Nas , Shyne or Crack . Jada killed him in `` Checkmate '' and `` Problem Child '' and Crack already got him with `` F*ck 50 '' . Five O aint a lyrical giant like Nas honestly he dont want it wit Nas already a Hip Hop King . Shyne is a real gangsta and will kill five o personaly . Every track is tha same talking bout his gun every track like `` Guns Come Out '' and `` Gatman and Robin '' . His d * ck ryder fan Tony Yayo on `` Toy Soilder '' why do u want to be sum1 toy soilder ? This album is one sided I suggest leave it where it is i heard tha lp like five times tha whole entire cd from tha begining to tha end and its garbage . GGGGGGGGG-Unot !!!!!!!!!!!!! P.S. . The Game already got u with dat 300 bars why havent u popped off yet hommmie ? LolTha Only Good SongsSki Mask WayBaltimore Love ThangPosition Of PowerIn My HoodAnd Get In My Car is aight
 It blows I say . 50 Cent 's life story sure seems fascinating , but hey why not wait for the bio since his music is so desecrating ?
 He raps so badly that I can never hear him . `` Candy Shop '' is aweful . He does n't have a very high vocabulary either . I wish he 'd get back with G-unit and be good again . They all sold more albums individually than when all as a whole , and all of them suck individually . Bad , bad , bad , and , uh , terrible album , 50 . Go home . - K.G.M.
 The reason we are hating this loser , because he is just like young cheezy and other garbage today , he 's truly dreadful , awful and absolutely lame and this extremely pathetic album defintely proves it , none of these songs are good , the production is terrible , the lyrics are so intrusive , the rapping is horrible , everything about this album is stupid , dreadful and idiotic and wack.This is absolutely the year 's worst album and I Truly hope that 5-0 fades off in the next few years , once vh1 's where are they now makes fun at him and his stupid group.This album is the most ugliest and most pathetic and incomprehensible I 've ever seen.If you want a real gangsta rap album , go pick 2pac 's all eyez on me or Nas 's Last year 's masterpiece street disciple.Keep away from this junk as possible.5-0 Represents everything wrong with music now a days.Music Review
 Similar to Eminem , I got a lot of respect for 50 , but released a whack-ass album . This is not worth your money . Download it or borrow it from a friend before buying ; you 'll be glad you did .1 . Intro - N/A2 . In My Hood - voice and beat are annoying ; terrible intro song for the album . 3/103 . This is 50 - this is the current 50 ; overly whack . 2/104 . I 'm Supposed to Die Tonight - great Eminem beat . talks about he may die in his tonight . first good song on the album . 9/105 . Piggy Bank - ok song , but not exactly perfect for a dis . 7/106 . Gatman and Robbin -LRB- featuring Eminem -RRB- - great , and the only , Em/50 collabo on this album . 10/107 . Candy Shop -LRB- featuring Olivia -RRB- - you all heard this before ; way overplayed . 6/108 . Outta Control - great Dre beat . this is definitely hot enough to be a single . 9/109 . Get In My Car - ... and let me kill you for making this F -- ING song . 2/1010 . Ski Mask Way - just skip this one ; the first split-second is not even worth hearing . 0/1011 . A Baltimore Love Thing - another skippable track , but not as bad as the last one . 2/1012 . Ryder Music - another gangsta NOT riding to this . 3/1013 . Disco Inferno - definitely overrated . song sucks , but catch the -LRB- X-rated -RRB- music video . 4/1014 . Just a Lil ' Bit - the current single ; as of right now , it is not overplayed so I still like this song . 9/1015 . Gunz Come Out - killer Dre beat . Favorite song on the album ; brings back the old 50 . 10/1016 . My Toy Soldier -LRB- featuring Tony Yayo -RRB- - do n't like Yayo , Eminem beat gets annoying , and 50 should work on his rhymes for a song like this . 1/1017 . Position of Power - another whack-ass song . 3/1018 . Build You Up -LRB- featuring Jamie Foxx -RRB- - after awhile , you begin to forget that the other voice is that of Jamie Foxx 's because he has a MUCH better voice on Slow Jamz . Should have Nate Dogg , Jaheim or R. Kelly or any other better `` R&B ; singer sings the hook to a rap song '' dude . 5/1019 . God Gave Me Style - I love this song . This is his realest song to date ; I can even relate to it . 10/1020 . So Amazing -LRB- featuring Olivia -RRB- - a better 50/Olivia collabo than the first single `` Candy Shop '' . 10/1021 . I Do n't Need Em - the title makes it sound like an Eminem diss . But it 's still a bad song . 4/1022 . Hate It Or Love It -LRB- Remix -RRB- -LRB- featuring G-Unit -RRB- - I like this version , but the regular one -LRB- The Game featuring 50 Cent , on `` The Documentary '' -RRB- is better . 9/10
 This crappy pop-rap fad has gone on long enough . I hate to use someone else 's line , but if I hear any more of this no-talent dreck , I 'll stick a stiletto in my ears . `` FidddEEEEEEEE@EE '' 's songs have about as much merit as an episode of America 's Funniest Home Videos.But that 's okay . This fad is on its way out . Then we 'll make room for the next stupid fad for dumb pre-teens to eat up , and 50 Cent here will go down in the same category as Wimp Bizkit , Feminem , Kid Rap , Vanilla Ice , Gerardo , et cetera.Led Zeppelin . Sublime . The Beatles . The Rolling Stones . Pink Floyd . Green Day . Slayer . Pantera . Nirvana . These bands , or at least their music , has stood the test of time -LRB- there are also many more , but they are great examples -RRB- . People are still discovering their early albums , at least a decade later , and getting into them . That wo n't be the case with `` fiddy '' here , along with the rest of his brain-dead pop-rap ilk -LRB- i.e. Nelly , Chingy , et cetera -RRB- . It 's disposable garbage , and the whole genre 's 15 minutes of fame are almost up.I will give him this , though
 first this guy is nothing but a snitch . Second the game rips him and all of G-unit on 300 bars and runnin and 50 's best comeback was 300 shots with 8 others on the track hahahah how whack and it couldnt even touch games diss . All you lil whack mofos think 50 's hard he aint nothin but pop music and he will never be one of the best mc 's . if you want real music you should have picked up AZ-A.W.O.L. instead of this bs G-G-G-G-G UNOT
 God what crap!how do people call this music?Im tired of seeing so much rap everywhere , this is one of the worst trends ever.What do people see in this , the lyrics basicly are all bragging about how tough he is or sex.Maybe I dont understant something but how can someone turn down a pink floyd cd for this crap.He cant even playing an instrument but people call this music and somehow the recording industry keeps signing these no-talent rappers instead of talented musicains who actually make their own music.Please never get a rap album in your life and stick to good music that 's thoughtful and talented like pink floyd , led zeppelin , iron maiden , judas priest , jimmy hendrix , van halen , etc. .
 I ca n't do n't even have much to say besides the fact that it sucks . SP has a mixtape out called Super Mario that is hotter than this album . He has about two tracks on this album that are good . But this album is a dissapointment to fans and the hip-hop community . Spend your money elsewhere ... . If you buy the album you 'll wish you had n't . The first album was hot . This one is a dud !
 i dont care i hate 50 cent as a person , human being , or whatever he wants to be . he is still calling ja rule bubblegum so what about him ? candyshop ? thats not bubblegum ? disco inferno ? thats not bubblegum ??? 50 cent is a moron he became ja rule with all his stupid love music thats why i hate him . F**K YOU 50 CENT I HOPE YOU GO OUT OF BUSINESS !!!
 www.realmusiccrusaders.com - fighting to save music for the sake of art. 50 cent is such a corporate piece of garbage that it is sickening . the whole g-unit is so slickly marketed that when i hear a 50 song on the radio the dung just runs out of my behind ! i happen to think that `` candy shop '' is a decent song , however i have absolutely NO respect for 50 whatsoever . if you like 50 's music , thats fine but you all must be informed of how big of a sellout he is.dont forget www.realmusiccrusaders.com - fighting to save music for the sake of art .
 this cd has proven that 50 cent has officially sold out and is all about the money ... i was a big fan of 50 before he became popular because of his clever lyrics ... this album is just complete garbage and is a disgrace to the rap industry ...
 The Massacre
 This album was surprisingly horrible . Not like 50 's a good rapper or anything but he usually has the ability to make a pretty hot song . This album is wack compared to `` Get Rich or Die Tryin '' and I think 50 's overconfidence in the rap game has costed him big on this one . Game 's album was way better and , in my opinion , was the best album to come out of G-Unit . The sad thing is this album will prolly go platinum within the first week . That just shows you where rap is headed and what people want nowadays . Its not lyrics and actual talent anymore . I 'll be looking forward to Fat Joe and Styles ' new albums coming soon . It 's time someone shut 50 down .
 I 'm sure this will sell millions of CDs but that still does n't make it good . I 'm sure radio will play it into the ground while other , more talented artists are ignored.What a shame .
 I did get tha CD bootleg but this by far is tha weakest 50 cent album i have heard so far i mean i was a die hard 50 fan after get rich or die tryin but since then lloyd banks and tha Games cd 's are both killin this massacre cd . I wish i could give a better review but i cant , to me it was WEAK > .
 I hate fake images and people who act ruthless to sell CD 's . He should lay off the steroids also . Weak beats & rhymes , nice try . `` The Massacre '' , what a joke , even the title is lame , loser .
 Now , technically I should n't be writing this because I do n't like rap in general , but I do listen to it at my friends house all the time whenever I visit him . With his angst attitude towards everything that sounds threatening -LRB- ranging from guns to candy -RRB- he makes a song about it , and makes the even word repulsive . True story ; I was sitting on a bench where I live waiting for someone , and A couple other people came and sat next to me . After a breif moment of silence one of them said something like , `` I 'm hungry , so I 'm going to the candy shop across the street '' . His friend started complaining how he should never have said the two words candy and shop together at once in fear that someone might think they were 50 Cent fans . I took it upon myself to assume that they were n't when I first saw them because one of them was wearing a Tool t-shirt , completely different genre at that.IMPORTANT MESSAGE RIGHT HERE
 G-Unit will take a major hit by kickin THE GAME out game wasnt the best rapper ever but his cd was hot and he has enough talent to realese a classic one day . Lets hope YAYO doesnt put garbage like the massacre out . The songs are repetitive and boring not the classic get rich or die tryin . I wish i had bought the first cd again instead of this . The ski mask way is the hottest song cuz its not embarASSing to bump in the system and it doesnt have 456 GGGGG-Unit references in it . What happened to rap , when is it ok for someone who hasnt proven themselves -LRB- even though he sold 11 million so did vanilla ice -RRB- to diss a legend like NAS , last i recall the ony one who could was JAY-Z arguably one of the best . NAS did call 50 out by calling him fake but u know what his raps are fake he raps about rims and jewelry while NAs raps about the struggles of the streets , homelife in the ghetto , the war , basically anything that has depth . Sorry to the 50 cent fans who might get offended but i was once there with u , 50 was the man but until he raps about things that matter to me and actually uses his talent and shut his mouth i cant support him . MY only hope now is he beefs with the wrong person and gets crushed so that he can be hungry and humble like he once was when he was gettin rich or dyin tryin . PS I think its time to quit beefin when ur almost killed in your hometown
 Anybody that ever thought that 50 cent was good rapper was wrong . Listen to this album and you will know what I mean . It sucks . His mono-tone rapping style is enough to put me to sleep . He has no style .
 Get you some Mitchy Slick , Don Diego , Wrongkind , Black Mikey , Ecay Uno , Jayo Felony . . pretty much any of that San Diego rap . That 's some real street music .
 the CD is worthless junk . Fat joe and jaddakiss are alot better at raping they have much better flow . Fat joes response to piggy bank is the hotnesss iiiiiiiiiiight
 I love hip-hop . At its best moments , it fills me with joy , inspiration , and positive vibes . I 'm talking about real hip-hop , from the uplifting , uniting roots formed by rappers like Cool Herc and Afrika Bambattaa , to artists as contemporary and varied as The Roots , Haiku D'Etat , Mos Def , Talib Kweli , Outkast , Blackalicious , Pigeon John , The Lifesavas , some Kanye West , etc. . As a 7th grade English teacher , I even use hip-hop that relates to our unit themes or infuses students with creativity and thought-provoking content.And aside from these hip-hop favorites , I even get the itch for edgier rap in the form of Nas , vintage Wu-Tang , Ice Cube , Babbletron , some Def Jux artists , etc.What 50 Cent brings to the table , though , is completely devoid of any talent or worthwhile content . Immediately what strikes me most is the complete subjegation of women . What disturbs me most as a teacher is the 12 year old girls at my school who sing the lyrics which so ruthlessly portray them as nothing more than dime a dozen rag dolls . I mean please , listen to `` Just a Lil Bit '' , `` Disco Inferno '' , `` Candy Shop '' , or `` Get in My Car '' -LRB- which features such classy and imaginative lines as `` If Your B + * ^ h wan na roll , I ` ma let her get in '' -RRB- . Not only does 50 bring no originality or ability to the table , but he single-handedly catapults society back into the ages when men owned women , and sold and had sex with them as they pleased.This is the message which is being distributed through all networks and avenues of the media -LRB- as one other reviewer so correctly cited -RRB- so this is not just a reflection on 50 , it is a reflection on what is accepted , and indeed , glorified in our society . At the very least , it is something that people tolerate , which is as serious and real as any other racial , religious , or gender issues.And still , aside from this , 50 ca n't even offer any talent to mediate the content . Artists like Louis Logic , Eminem , Immortal Technique , and Paris all spit obscene and offensive lyrics . The difference is , the either have something to say , or they have undeniable skill.How does rhyming the tag `` Just a lille bit '' 15 times in a row indicate the skill 50 boasts about so often , most despicably on the track `` This is 50 '' ? Sadly , this album placed 50 on the zenith of pop music stardom , and it seems as if even Eminem is just an afterthought now , and though I 'm not big Em . fan , his skills are mindblowing , and 50 does n't deserve to stand on the same planet as him.Hip-hop started as a tool to inspire and unite a people struggling to deal with the still inequitable odds that had been stacked against them . And even when this message , at times , became darker with acts like N.W.A , Wu-Tang , Mobb Deep , etc. , there was still , at the least , a New Jack City or Menace II Society-like purpose , and the talent and skill that justified the bravado.I challenge anyone who reads this review and is looking to give it a No vote , to find me a line on this album which represents creativity or something that would place 50 in the leagues of those we consider quality emcees . If you can , I 'll buy the album and send it to you , because that would be like finding a needle in a haystack with no needle in it.And for those of you tempted to come at me with , `` Man , check out the numbers ! '' consider your limited knowledge about the business of contemporary music . First , album sales are no longer based on the numbers actually purchased from stores , total albums sold numbers are now based on the units shipped to stores and distributors around the country . That means you only need to ship 10 million copies of The Massacre to be recognized as having sold that many . And how many copies are still sitting on the shelves at Amazon or your local Best Buy ? Finally , Britney Spears and NSYNC have sold more albums than 50 , so by your logic , they are even more talented than 50 . True ? Well , yes actually , but this point also makes evident the fact that artists selling countless millions are doing so because of image , marketing , and manufactured hype . Why do you think Em does n't have his own shoes ? Because he 's not willing to sell himself out that far , and 50 is a money whore , he 'll do absolutely anything , because it 's not his talent he 's bringing to the table anyways . It 's his shot up , former crack dealing , gun obsessed -LRB- I lost track at 78 when I was trying to count the references to guns on the album -RRB- image . If it 's image your looking for , buy this album . If it 's music , look elsewhere . Even Get Rich or Die Trying would be a better bet for your money .
 this is horrible , and i dont think amazon is showing my reviews but w/e there is other people who reviewed this the same as me and there reviews said it was wack .
 I never received the item , I really anticipated it and am sad for I do not have it !
 In the remix to `` Why '' , Styles P. asks `` why is gargage music sellin alot , why is the music industry 's state of mind real far from hiphop '' . This album answers that question . 50 cent always was garbage to me , from Power of a Dollar to Massacre . 50 cent has no different subject matter then any other lame NY or Cali rapper with gun talk , hoes , ganstag gangsta , and emulation of the most popular rappers in attempt to create a buzz . He hurls lame disses and stages beef and violence to appeal to the average suburban jerk . How he managed to surround hismelf with legends of the game , is beyond me , but , I digress so lets move on to the album.Since there are few tracks worth mentioning I wo n't hit on one everyone else reviewing already hates . Except Piggybank . 50 cent has the lamest conceptual mind in rap next to camron , and proves it with some of the worst disses ever . 50 talks about shyne , big deal . 50 pokes fun at fat joe , so what they 're almost exactly the same . I respect jada 's post lox efforts , but still , nothin major is spit from 50 . How dare 50 cent even speak nas ' name in a dis , perhaps the weakest ever about his wife , Kelis . Let 's be reasonable here . Nas is sittin on a respectable fortune , street rep , and 5 classic albums , and like 18 yrs of rappin , and still pumpin out good tracks.Nas put Jay in retirement .50 got em , gunit , d12 , and others to DENT Jarule 's career . 50 has no right and I hope he gets shot again.Aside from being a bullet ridden underwear model , 50 kept himself busy crankin out party track after track . They have good n ' poppy club beats , singalong hooks and uninspired and even offensive lyrics.Gatman and Robbin showcases em 's lyrical superiority over 50 . The three songs I kinda like are Ski Mask Way , Outta Control , and Toy Soldier only cuz of the Hi-Tek and Dre beats.The only 50 cent album I 'll ever buy is the `` 50 cent instrumentals greatest hits '' cd that will never come out . I hope all you out there with that have rap idols recognize now that 50 cent is not the second coming of Tupac and that his days will soon be numbered.If you love the 50 cent `` aura '' so much , just wait for Joe Buddens and The Game 's next albums . They are both up and coming artists with peerless debut lps .
 I do n't , and perhaps I 'll never understand why people really enjoy listening to this . If you want great Dre beats , then listen to a Dr. Dre album . If you like good lyrics or rapping , then turn elsewhere . There are better rappers . Accept no flimsy substitutes.On Get Rich or Die Trying , 50 Cent 's lyrics about his lifestyle of excess , materialism and thuggery were dwelling in CD players all over white suburbia . Here , the story remains the same . 50 Cent still revels in the environment of gangs , misogyny , violence and depravity from which he hails . On the energetic My Toy Soldiers , 50 himself says `` Every word out my mouth is filth '' with a string of expletives . However , 50 cent does try some topics that are constructive . For example , on Baltimore Love Thing , 50 cent talks about the power of heroin addiction . But the bad outways the good.But what makes this album mediocre is that its just boring . After all , there have been rappers that turn up the `` thug '' factor to comic levels but have originality going for them . Here , 50 cent is traveling the long worn out road of G funk and mainstream hip hop . This is not something we have n't heard before.A bunch of the songs are just 50 rapping and `` singing '' along to menacing minor key string loops . Very seldomly it works , like on Outta Control , and sometimes its just repetitive . Am I the only one who notices how similar the beats for Candy Shop and Just a Lil Bit are ? Occasionally , things get funky , but beats are little without good rapping . And IMO , 50 cent very rarely delivers on that front.That being said , I have nothing against those who like 50 cent . And , I 'm not one to slam all rap as crap -LRB- at least not anymore -RRB- , but this is . 50 cent 's The Massacre is just mediocre in every sense of the word . While not being the king of the crap , it 's not too far above the abyss .
 50 Cent indeed is the hottest thing out right now . I 'm not mad at anyone that is on top for the fact they deserve that position but 50 Cent on the other hand is a different story . Over the past 2 years 50 Cent has put so many people down . Also over the past 2 years he has became very cocky about himself thinking he 's better then everyone else because of the so called fame along with the millions of record sales . That 's not a good look buddy and I simply ca n't respect someone who has to bring others down to come up . 50 have n't earned his way to the top ; he used a method of drama , publicity stunts , and beefs to reach his status , which is nothing to feel high and mighty about . Like some of the greatest entertainers/rappers of all time , they will be remembered reaching the top for their lyrical skills and originality while 50 will be remembered for dissin Ja Rule and the whole Murder INC crew while becoming BIG . 50 Cent is no different then any other rapper out imo . He talks about the same thing that everyone else is talking about , he uses the same producers that everyone else uses , he 's not a leader , and most importantly he 's not kickin any knowledge worth listening which is why I do n't listen to a majority of Hip-Hop songs . I 'm not really a big Hip-Hop fan because I do n't agree with the lyrics and messages put out . Most of the songs are garbage , child 's play and very distasteful . Its funny how 50 diss people who been in the business longer then he has been alive , people who have contribute to the game if not helped change it . People who been in the game 10 + years then in his 2 lousy years . It 's a shame to see someone so foolish , disrespectful , immature , and self-centered to be loved so much by millions of people because of a few catchy radio tunes . People need to find someone with some dignity , humbleness , creativity , originality , and most important OUTSTANDING TALENTS to be on top .
 Now I read most of the reviews on this site for this new cd of 50s and after hearing it I agree with most of them this cd proves that when rappers get rich they get lazy . The lyrics in this cd are boaring and tasteless I wasnt supprised however considering this happens with a lot of rappers and now it seems like the mainstream followers are starting to open their eyes a little . Now other ppl are posting that they are not hateing but I am the first to say I am this cd blows Ill stick with the underground shit
 Proof that a couple of Quarters ca n't buy you skillz , but if you get enough radio play , shallow people will pay your billz ! Just another weak , highly publicized , highly commercialized , rap record disguised as hip hop . These songs brainwash us daily over the radio with repetition . If you do n't know what hip hop really is or stands for , by all means enjoy this !
 Are you kidding me ? This is music ? This man has issues beyond reality . If your into violence , drugs , and hearing someone swear with every beat of the music ... go ahead and buy it . He really ought to sell his albums for 50 cent .
 great beats . and that 's what it is , strictly beats . i 'm gon na be a good sport and congratulate 50 cent on his 10 million albums + sold . however , i 'm just telling it like it is . seriously 50 cent is so weak lyrically . i ca n't believe he hails from new york , home of jay-z , nas , biggie , big l , grand puba , mos def , jadakiss , krs-one ... etc. i mean how did he survive in this climate ? i give props to lloyd banks though cuz he is definately a lyricist . i just do n't see how they 're on the same squad . how do you let ja rule beat you up with a crutch and a garbage can ? seriously ! -LRB- no disrepect ja , though , cuz he can whoop 50 in a lyrical battle -RRB- ja at least had a story and he said that 50 punched him so it 's believable . 50 does n't have a story so that shows what the truth is . anyway , i know people criticize ja for singing and all but 50 sings too ! hello ... `` many men '' `` disco inferno '' `` candy shop '' ... etc. and i know that people say ja is trying to be tupac and i see why they say that cuz of `` so much pain '' but c'mon 50 steals pac 's flow in `` the realest killaz '' plus he did `` his '' version of `` hail mary '' and also his 2pac strategy . no disrespect to pac but 2pac had that crazy strategy of going out looking for beef ; he must 've been beefing with like 30 + rappers prior to his death ! 50 is doing the same thing ! starting beefs with people who do n't even say anything to him . and do n't diss jada cuz jada still lives in the hood , not cuz he 's broke but cuz he 's keeping it real . he does n't snitch like 50 did on murder inc. and 50 c'mon stop dissing murder inc , tah shot you , ja beat u with a crutch and garbage can , the murderers killed your bodyguard , and black child stabbed you . you even have a restraining order on irv gotti ! lol what has 50 done in return ? no shots fired . honestly i do n't know how 50 got so popular . i will always wonder why . true he signed with dre and em but is that all ? oh that 's right he stole mase 's voice , makes the replica shoe of s.carter , acts like 2pac talking about his approaching death , he took 2pac 's no shirt style , he makes the most predictable rhymes , and he travels on commercial airplanes not jets -LRB- all factual ask my friend about the airplane thing -RRB- hey i 'm just telling it like it is , congrats 50 cent but this is who you really are
 This album sucks . And its gon na sell millions of copies . How telling of American society . Good music is pushed underground while MTV and the music industry shoves this garbage down the throats of those dumb enough to listen . 50 Cent/G-Unit USED TO BE -LRB- note the past tense -RRB- good . For those unfamiliar with them before `` Get Rich or Die Tryin '' and `` Beg For Mercy '' , G-Unit/50 Cent had some hot underground indi releases . Download `` God 's PLan '' `` Power of the Dollar '' `` Guess Who 's Back '' and `` No Mercy , No Fear '' . These have some hot songs on them . Now they suck . They only rap about gettin shot nine times -LRB- who cares , be lucky you 're alive , dont brag about it -RRB- , clubs , their cars/rims and how many B ****** they can F *** in the span of an hour . The beats are always hot cuz ShadyAftermath s producing , but the lyrics are so pathetic that its almost a crime . 50 needs to move outta that castle he lives in in Connecticut and get back to reality . This music is bulls *** . Those looking for truly quality , bangin hip hop/rap should go cop Aasim -LRB- HOT !!! -RRB- , Jae Millz , Styles of Beyond , Swollen Members , Buc Fifty , etc etc. . There 's still good rap out there , you just got ta go looking for it . MTV/money ruined 50 Cent .
 I was highly anticipating this album . I was hurt to say to my brother , that this was no good . When I heard it the first time , i was ready to give it a 1 star . The singles were annoying and some of the songs had to grow on me . Lil Bit should have been a single and some other songs are really good , but not enough . Many of the songs that deserves to be skipped in your CD player . Really disappointed , hopefully he can bounce back before these other kats in `` Piggy Bank '' eat him up . The Game is sick though , go cop The Documentary if you dont have it yet
 Stick him with a fork , put some chives and cheese on him.He 's Done !!
 This CD is way under what 50 is capable of . His mixtape 2050
 the cd is very bad . It has no flow , the lyrics asre stypid , the images are bad ... everything is bad only 3 songs are good ... 13 . .19 ... 22 !!!!!! IF YOU LIKED GET RICH OR DIE TRYIN ` DO N`T BUY THIS CD !!!!!
 What the hell happened to 50 ? Get Rich or die tryin was a great album but this one just plain sucks . i thought maybe he would show a little maturity on this album and talk about something other than getting shot , women , and rims . this is not real hip hop at all this is just commercial garbage.Have you heard those beats ? how can you say that is real hip-hop ? oh and by the way piggybank is the worst diss song i have ever heard . 50 i do n't think its wise to diss some of hip hops elite especially nas . did n't u see what he did to jay-z ? nas is a hip hop legend and is lyrically tons better than u and will rip u to shreds -LRB- just like he did to jay-z -RRB- . this ca n't be the work of dr. dre because he knows what real hip-hop is . you can see game got a lot more advice from him which is why his album is 10 times better .
 I hate 50 Cent with a passion so deep , that whenever somebody mentions his name , I foam at the mouth and become overwhelmed with rage . He is the very embodiment of every black male stereotype you can think of
 basically all 50 did was remixed for the most part his first cd ... and piggybank is so funny he tried to diss but it was stupid i mean take a note from other og rappers and if yr going to take the time out and diss somebody DISS them ... as u can see im not a 50 fan i listen to REAL rappers people who actually do what they say ... not rappers who main buyers r kids growing up with baggy pants wearing a back pack singing they gang bang ... hes a descent rapper but face he got shot n didnt shoot back cmon now his crew didnt get back for him . . so plz little boys and girls before you try and tell people 50 is gangsta go back and listen to gangsta rap that came out b4 u were born then tell me if hes hot stop trying to make comparisons of pac and biggie cuz 50 couldnt even dream of being in their league ... and for the youngstaz even go back as far as nwa who started gangsta rap and brought to the mainstream the only group to be pulled of shelves cuz they were to gangsta
 -LRB- BTW , this is Pete `` Snake '' 's alternate account -RRB- J.C. thank you very much for knocking sense into that idiot liveon14887 . Did you even read THE ENTIRE review ? Soulfly and ... SLIPKNOT talkin about killing ? That 's just as bad as me saying ALL rap is like 50 Cent . Sure Soulfly does have songs about killing , but the song I 'm referring to , `` Bleed '' , is about getting revenge on someone who killed one of your family members . DM is NOT trash . When I read that part of the review , I laughed for about an hour . I do n't EXCLUSIVELY lsiten to DM . My favorite band is Dream Theater , a prog-metal band . They write songs about fantasy related stuff , alchoholism , love , religion , etc. , etc. , etc. . Also , you need to get your head out of YOUR ass , and look up the lyrics of a band called Napalm Death . They 're a highly political band . Look up the songs The Code Is Red ... Long Live The Code , The Silence is Deafening , C.S. , and pretty much any song from Scum or The Code Is Red ... Long Live The Code . Also look up lyrics by In Flames , Dark Tranquillity , later albums by Death -LRB- now that 's what I call musical progression -RRB- , and At The Gates . And if those do n't convince you , look up Nile . They write about egyptian gods . As for Slipknot , I do n't even like Slipknot but ... look up the song Circle , ` nuff said . Soulfly is tribal metal and Slipknot is nu-metal . Also , I 'm 14 , so I do n't get drunk or stoned . I do n't just go to random rap albums and strut on and on and on and on about my superiority , it 's just an opinion of mine . I USED to think all rap sucked , buy a reviewer called DukeofEarl set me on the right path -LRB- thank you DOE -RRB- . I DO NOT think all life is about killing and suicide , I 'm actually more of an optomistic person . Go look up reviewer called `` Chris Burton '' and read his guide on what he thinks of people who critisize death metal . I 'm seriously wasting my time here . Thank you J.C.As for this idiot , instead of this P.O.S. , go buy `` Train Of Thought '' by Dream Theater .
 lets review this with a line from jadakiss diss Checkmate '' you aint get shot again yea so whats your second album about , nothing your raps is preschool made alot of money now be cool before i swell up ya lips like seafood '' `` Most likely ya new cd is a weed play , bunch of lovesongs 100 % pure garbage just something to break up buds on you should just sell clothes and sneakers cause out of ya camp your flows the weakest
 This is just awful . Words can not express how much I hate this man and his `` music '' . Not worth your time or money .
 This collection of rhymes is repellant , at best . The sampling is as deplorable as are the sexist lyrics . This type of music although leaves me happy for one right
 Rat toothed , no intelligence and boring , repetitive lyrics all describe 50 cent . The songs are so cliche it 's humerous . The lyrics that 50 rap about either include one of the following
 50 can be called something else , but he is not Hip Hop . How the heck you going to be proud of being shot 9 times ?? Loser ! Back in the day , we were proud when we did 9 backspins . The only reason he is even considered decent is because he 's behind a legendary Dre beats . It makes me mad cause this guy is rich and famous for no reason at all , he 's not a good looking guy , he has no talent , no knowledge of real hip hop , no acting skills , he 's just a thug that brought his hustle into the mass media - taking all your guys money - if you want his music , download it for free , because thats what its worth , to me its not even worth taking up my bandwidth to download it for free . The other day I showed some youngsters old footage of what Hip Hop is supposed to be , they were amazed on how off the big acts of today are . Like Marvin Gaye said `` what 's goin on ? ''
 Okay , for a million dollars ... what 's talentless , delusional and been shot nine times ... 50 cent . He should be shot nine more times for this ridiculous attempt at music . This moron ca n't hold a candle to The Game ... who killed him with `` 300 Bars '' . He takes shots at Fat Joe , the Game , Shyne and Samuel L. Jackson . Then he makes the ultimate wankster move by taking credit for Kanye West 's success . He must be smoking crack . Do yourself a favor , bypass this CD unless you actually like garbage .
 Check it out , im a no-talent hack that has the same bewildered look on my face in every picture . I also love guns because that shoot hot pieces of lead that send me to the hospital and cause me to speak and rap like I have a severe mental deficiency . I have run out of subject matter to rap about and see myself being overshadowed by more talented artists , so I now just insult other rappers and celebrities -LRB- not that they do n't deserve it -RRB- with my slow and idiotic rhymes in an attempt to extend the life of my fame . I will probably get fatally shot in the next few years as the result of my stupid disses and then the massive amount of disillusioned fools who loved my `` work '' will start to compare me to 2pac , Biggie and Big L . Many remix albums will come out and you will buy every one to complement your wack music collection , whereas you will then be inspired to grow up and be a simple-minded moron , leading a fools existance and enthusiastically supporting Jeb Bush if he ever runs for president . G UNIT !!!!!
 50 's done it again ! He 's created an incredible buzz for himself and sold an ungodly amount of records without showing any real skills ! I want to thank all the mindless consumers for buying this bullsh * t and other bullsh * t like it-you 're helping destroy hiphop!Don ' t get it twisted-this album is not ` Get Rich Or Die Trying ' ... at least I could stomach GRODT for the most part ... ` The Massacre ' is a collection of radio friendly dribble separating spots of played out gangster sh*t ... 50 's not breaking any new ground here ... the only track worth mention is `` A Baltimore Love Thing '' , an extended personification of heroin ... this is disappointing in itself because it outshines all the other tracks and shows what 50 can create when he puts forth an effort ... the beats are top notch -LRB- ` Ryder Musik ' and ` Ski Mask Way ' are bananas -RRB- but that means nothing when 50 lazily jumps on them with uninspired , basic rhymes ... I do n't know about you , but I just ca n't buy into the gutter sh*t 50 is talking about when he lives in an 18 bedroom mansion ... do n't you think it 's time to do something a little different ... there is no growth here for 50 ... because of this he 'll never be on the same level as Jay and Nas regardless of how many records he sells ... I hope those plaques are worth it Curtis-you could 've been a lot more
 It 's funny how a person who is only within his second album is already enemies with R.Kelly , Fat Joe , Nas , Ja Rule , and Jadakiss . Now If you thought Eminem made enemies quickly , think again , because 50 Cent is about to take over in that stage . When he claims that the reason why he has `` beef '' with these rappers is simply because of their colaboration with Ja Rule , it 's rather imature of a person who is suppose to be a role model to the fans that listen to him . What kind of message is , `` It 's okay to hate a person simply because they have some association with someone you are truly enemies with ? '' I have never been a fan of 50 Cent , and `` In Da Club '' was the most overexagerated track to have ever been released . I could barely make out what he was saying , and to be honest , could have cared less for what he was saying either . The title of this album is just as arrogant as he is becoming ... The Massacre ... he 's going to destroy all `` competition . '' Well 50 , sit down because you 're not the greatest figure in the rap industry , you 're still new to this , and have a lot of growing up and realization to do . The funniest part about this album is how he is trying to maintain this street cred . and be all hardcore , and his first single is `` Candy Shop , '' probably the most sell out song to ever come out . It 's typical . How many times have we heard the Arabian inspired beat ? Truth Hurts has done it , even Jadakiss with `` U Make Me Wan na . '' So now who 's biting off of who ? And , When your own `` crew mate '' ca n't even stay with you for longer then 3 months after their album release , there must be something really wrong with you personally . `` Disco Inferno '' yeah , that 's street now is n't it ? He tries to hold this image , but his music does not obtain to it . He does not deserve all this recognition , and I can not wait for the day when people realize he is not all he is made out to be .
 '' `` Reviewer
 terrible album , not a real disaster like Tony Yayo 's album , but still only 3 or 4 enjoyable tracks on this whole album . THUMBS DOWN !
 50 Cent did n't get shot again , so what 's his new album about?Nothing , a bunch of love songs , 100 % garbage . 50 Cent comes off as an adolescent who has discovered sex for the first time - he has to keep on popping off at the jaw about it . Lacks anything close to Dre .
 ladies and gentlemen . this is the best rap / hiphop album ever to be produced ! no sarcasm here friends ... it truely is ! most other rap / hip hop releases are actually rated negatively in my books ... for example 50 cents first debut album , i give it MINUS 5 stars . this i give 1 star ... its RAP / HIPHOP at its BRILLIANT BEST!DEGENERATE FOOLS will love this cultural phenomenon ! welcome to the 21 century ... welcome to my nightmare - DA ' EVIL KID -LRB- note the `` da '' instead of `` the '' , bad gramma / spelling is in style these days ... sadly -RRB-
 So , here it is . The follow up to that damned trash heep Get rich or Die Trying ' -LRB- Funny how he cant spell anything -RRB- . I thought it could n't get any worse , but how wrong I was ... This has to be one of the crappiest `` albums '' -LRB- I refer to it as a frisbee -RRB- I 've ever heard . I was at my dads house one day , and my sister Ashley was blasting this crap through the radio . I said `` What the hell is that noise '' . She said `` It be da new fiddy CD '' -LRB- Yes , she is white -RRB- . I got so sick of it in 3 seconds that I got a headache , and I just decided to go to my friend Vince 's house . We were going to play frisbee because there was nothing else to do , but alas , no fribee . I knew what I had to do . I went back to my house and stole the CD from my sisters sterio , she was watching The Wrong World in the living room . When I made it back to Vinces he had found a basketball , so I just decided to frisbee the plastic in the garbage . It makes a GREAT frisbee ! But I now use it as a coaster , because I ended up breaking the edge and now it wont fly straight , dammit . Oh well , if you want to spend $ 15 on a really thin , 6 inch plastic frisbee , then this is what to buy , but DO NOT , I repeat , DO NOT put this in your sterio/CD player/radio/anything that plays plastic such as this.Update 7/22/05That guy `` MTV Rocks '' , yeah what a stupid f**k . I normally dont make fun of peoples opinions because they do have a right to believe what they want . But this guy insults great bands like Van Halen , Megadeth , and Steve Vai while worshipping godawful crap such as `` fiddy '' here . Sorry `` MTV rocks '' but you , Bush , and eMpTyV are why most countries hate the USA . -LRB- this used to be a great country in the 60 's - 90 's , what happened ? -RRB-
 To wack beats , to weak disses , to second-grade lyrics ... 50 CENT !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Highly unrecommended .
 I am a hip-hop fan but I cant stand 50 Cent . Candy Shop sounds almost identical to Magic Stick -LRB- Which was waaack ! -RRB- , which was overplayed -LRB- And included a lackluster collab from the underrated Lil Kim -RRB- . All he does is show off his body and brag about how many times hes been shot . He uses his image to cover up his poor skills . Buy RED LIGHT DISTRICT by Luda instead !
 Y' AL NEED 2 LISTEN TO REAL MUSIC NOT THIS FAKE DUDE . . CALLED 50 CENT ... Y' AL NEED 2 GET SOME REAL MUSIC AND Y' AL MUST GET THE KRAYZIE BONE ALBUMGemini
 `` In Da Club '' is the only truly excellent song 50 's ever done . `` Candy Shop '' is alright , but I 'm shocked no one else has noticed that it is a MASSIVE ripoff of Lil ' Kim 's `` Magic Stick '' -LRB- which is ultimately a far , far better song -RRB- . 50 realized how popular that song was and tried to do a watered down version of it to hit big again-and he unfortunately succeeded , even though it is n't nearly as good as what it 's trying to mimic-the hook is almost identical , just slower , less catchy , and more annoying . And everything else ... either is so-so or just sucks . `` Outta Control '' is okay , but kind of weird and eerie . Like someone else said , though , this guy is soooo hyped up whatever he puts out will sell well . Like Britney Spears , he 's having his little publicity burst right now but if the quality of his work starts depleting so will his fanbase . Anyways , be more original next time , dude !! And lay off the disses of other rappers , God , no wonder you get shot so much .
 What I dont like about 50 Cent is his nasty attitude & his mindless Music . He his so negative always puttin others down like he 's some kind of King of Rap or something , But I understand why he feels that way because his fans & others treat him like he is . People act like 50 Cent is they 're savior like he 's the best thing since sliced bread , ummm not even close . Stevie Wonder could see that 50 Cent is Overrated . I am so sick of people always comin to his defense callin me a `` Hater '' because I dont like his music . -LSB- ... -RSB- I dont think so . I make my own decisions , I dont need the radio playin something constantly for me to start bumpin it because for the record , 95 % of the songs on the radio is Garbage anyways . 50 Cent is Crazy . The man snaps on people left and right for no reason . I am so sick of hearing about him & his senseless beefs . Everyone else in G-Unit is normal but 50 is a mess . -LSB- ... -RSB- Oh Yeah and I forgot to mention that the album is Pathetic . & No ! I do not like that knockoff Ja Rule & Ashanti cut `` Candy Shop ''
 Some of you people out there seem to be surprised by how weak 50 's new album is . Let me explain to you all how this works . When 2pac died he had a lot of unreleased music that he recorded . What this tells me is that artists record music that they hold on to and wait till the right time to release . When 50 's first album came out he had to bring the goods to build a fan base . As you know most albums have 3 or 4 good songs and the rest is just filler . If an artist put all his good songs on one album , then his next album would be complete garbage -LRB- a.k.a. filler -RRB- . Its all about money/record sales . 50 knows that all of his fans/suckers will run down to Best Buy and grab his latest cd . So he 'll give you a few singles to listen to on the radio 45 times a day to get you hyped . Then when his album drops its PAYDAY . You think he would put some more hot tracks out for the fans who MADE him a millionaire , but no . We have to wait till his next cd for 3 or 4 more good songs . I used to be a fan/sucker too . But I have n't bought a rap cd in 3 years because of this BS . Just download the songs you like best and save your money so that you can waste it on a crappy movie like Be Cool . CLASS DISMISSED
 I admit Get Rich Or Die Tryin was a good album but this SUCKED ! There are about 2 good beats on this album but that is it . 50 Cent is terrible all he talks about is how he got shot 9 times and says G-unit . He is going to get old soon . I wasted 15 bucks . The Game is killin him ! G-UNOT !
 This CD is horrible ! The lyrics suck , I can make better beats on my computer at home ! Hey 50 , you kicked out da game for not having your back on your beef with fat joe , nas and jada ... Jennifer Lopez did a single with joe ! So she must be takin sides ! You gon na diss her on your next cd ? I 'm sure that will give you some more street cred to diss jlo , I mean shes hard core ! And your boy Eminem did a single with jada ... wan na explain that one ? The only reason he 's popular is cause of the hype everyone makes about him , so what . . he 's from the streets , that does n't make him a good rapper . 90 % of rap sucks anyway , very few good rappers left . it 's all POP rap now , it 's sad . Candy shop ... god that has to be the worst single this year ! Do n't buy this CD , you will regret it
 First off let me start by saying that I am a 50 cent fan . Since `` Get Rich or Die Trying '' dropped I have been feverishly anticipating his next LP . However `` The Massacre '' is nothing what I expected . The beats are really the only thing keeping this CD from being the worst album of the year . The whole `` diss err body and they momma '' thang is played out and his ABC rhymes are worse than ever . I knew that 50 's negative attitude toward other artists was kinda shady but I always thought that him being talented would give him clout to do so , but that is no longer the case . COME ON 50 !!!
 Remove the sleeve of the deluxe edition of 50 Cent 's THE MASSACRE , and you 'll see a photo of the artist aiming a gun at the camera , surrounded by a display of firearms of all kinds . Look further and you 'll find an insert advertising Reeboks , complete with discount coupon . The booklet in the edited version includes a photo of the artist pouring water into a lovely , scantily-clad woman 's cleavage instead of the gun picture ... And then you get to hear the album , which begins with a girl 's voice sighing over a valentine , followed by blasts of gunfire.Strong language and constant references to guns , violence , drugs , and explicit sex with objectified women combined with monotonous backing tracks and monotone delivery make THE MASSACRE a hard album for any parent to love . With an intensity so overdone that it would seem like self-parody if his lyrics were n't so deadly serious , 50 Cent weakens the power of his talent by indulging in this fierce and fatal machismo . The edited version had to be SO edited that is sounds like nonsense.It 's too bad , because 50 Cent is a good songwriter , The instrumental tracks are beautifully produced and sometimes even mesmerizing ; the lyrics are the work of an obviously intelligent , hard-working man . But they are also unrelentingly nasty , especially if you happen to be female , and these songs send a loud-and-clear message that problems are best solved with violence . There is n't a young person in the world who really needs to hear this CD , and that 's a shame .
 wow how should i begin ? this is one of the most higly anticipated albums of the year and yet it is so garbage . his first cd was off the chain i could let it ride from front to back but this mess is just down right terrible . i dont reccomend paying full price for this cd and if u are one of those people that just have to go buy this cd go to a cd resell shop because there are so many there that they wouldnt even by my copy back.I cant believe this came out of gunits camp especially since all the previous cd 's that they have put out have been pretty good -LRB- with the exception of young buck -RRB- but what can u expect from a record label that signs one hit wonder olivia , and thrives off of publicity stunts for record sales -LRB- game n 50 beef -RRB- . I thought 50 had a few rapping skills until i put this cd in the deck , THIS IS GOING OUT WITH MY GARBAGE !!!! OR MAYBE I WILL LET MY DOG CHEW ON IT !!
 Let me start of by saying that Get Rich was one of the best albums of the past few years . Every track was a bomb waiting to drop . This album sounds like some dude that let fame and steriods go to his mellon . He takes no advice from Em when that is really the only person who he should be listening to.Let 's cover the dis-track Piggy Bank first -LRB- actually this may be the only one I need to cover -RRB- . This is the worst dis track in the history of diss tracks . When you hear some of the underground stuff that Eminem has done where he devotes minutes upon minutes ruthlessly destroying everyone from Ja Rule , to Benzino , to Dialated , to Everlast you realize the lyrcial skill he has to be able to deconstruct artists until there is basically nothing left for them to reply to because they have been destroyed . On this 3 + minute track the only clear diss is to Jadakiss , -LRB- something to the effect of do n't test me if you want to eat ... or something weak like that -RRB- . He should have never started that with such a week track . . Actually if I was Jada , I would not waste my time replying to this schlock . If I was Ja Rule I would just sit back and laugh about what happens when muscle heads try to do something other than lift weights.If you are still thinking of purchasing this ... I would recommend R.U.L.E. . At least R.U.L.E has New York on it which is tight . I think that the 100 guns and 100 clips need to be aimed at 50 . So , as I have said Piggy Bank is WEAK . Disco Inferno is OK and pretty much every other track is junk . Gatman and Robin the worst thing I have ever heard , if I was Em I would walk away fast from that one . The album is too loose and the only thing that works on it is the production . If I was Game I would take every track on this album rip it my own way and put that on the shelves to see what sells better.If 50 did not have a major lable supporting him and he was selling this album out of his trunk . . he would be driving a broken down chevy nova and wearing british knights and cross colors.So , to finish , rather than buy this album you are better off doing one of the following
 first thing is first . . i do NOT hate rap ... REAL political rap that attempts to powerfully change something ... or any 80 's - early 90 's rap . -LRB- when they actually were full of real talent ! -RRB- ... they were able to get powerful statements out to your urban undereductated public all while being skilled DJ 's and lyricists ... that is NOT what 50 cent or 95 % of what is being passed off by mtv today are ... modern rap , as is newer country , is merely here to make ignorant , xxl dressed kids feel like the cruel city streets are the place to be . also , this whole `` pimps are cool biotch ! '' thing has really worn out its welcome . . majorly ... and stylish faux-chrome wheeled cars do not make you look tough , they make you look like a sissy.now i know some fat rap loving 16 year old with a shaved head and a xxxxl t-shirt will mark this `` unhelpful '' because you know , rap is the ONLY type of music that the black community has ... and i tend to dislike it ... and bummer , that makes me racist ... obviously , i was being sarcastic . . hello people ?? jazz ? r & b ; ? soul ? funk ? reggae ? heck , even good ol' rock 'n' roll was initiated by black folk!all in all , 50 cent blows , get mostly anything else . . this is selfish and contrived .
 dont buy this album , its phucckin worthless , theres only 3 songs that are halfway decent on here . dont waste your money buying it , just download off limewire or rhapsody and give it a listen . if u like it , buy it . DO NOT BUY IT UNLESS YOUVE HEARD IT , SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR REAL SHXT . -LRB- like KRS-One or Eazy-E -RRB-
 Got Rich and stopped tryin ' . Seriously , what happened here . I thought this cd was supposed to be like 10 times what `` Get Rich or Die Tryin ' '' was . I also thought it was going to sell 12 million copies -LRB- only 4.9 million in the U.S. to date -RRB- to outsell `` Get Rich or Die Tryin '' , but that did n't happen either . Do n't get too excited about my review because I 'm being nice by giving it a 2 . As my man Cub says , this cd was single driven , meaning outside of singles , this cd is wack . I 'm not necessarily a 50 hater either , I am eager to hear his next effort , I 'm just giving facts here . I 'm not hatin ' , just statin ' . The production is very nice on this cd , but clearly outshines 50 talking -LRB- yes talking ! -RRB- on all but a couple tracks . Seriously , if XXL had some balls they 'd do a `` Step your game up '' segment on Curtis Jackson aka 50 Cent aka Curtis `` Interscope '' Jackson . The `` Get Rich or Die Tryin '' soundtrack was a nice rebound after this bad cd , but 50 needs to put the ego aside because he is ruining the once dominant label . He could n't co-exist with Game , arguably hotter than him and did n't want anyone hotter than him on G-Unit . Earth to 50 , Llyod Banks is hotter than you , but you are continuing to hold him back , but he 's loyal to you so there will probably never be any issue there . G-Unit is fading fast and it 's on 50 's shoulders . So let the mediocre Massacre stand testiment , say a few prayers with `` Murder '' Mase and start putting out some good music !
 Is there actually many people that like 50 Cent in here ? Does anyone care ? Is anyone bothered ? This truly is a massacre , by one of the worst rappers of all-time . Do n't buy this at all . Yeah , one of his song 's may be catchy -LRB- `` In Da Club '' is his only good spark -RRB- but after that he went all flip-flop . Seriously , not many people like this album -LRB- look at the mass of 1-star reviews ! -RRB- and his new film -LRB- one of the worst of the worst -RRB- was a tradgic flop too ! Really , you do not want to support this clown . Did anyone see the state of the Window Shopper video ? Dissing people just because they are n't rich ? Oh , so not only does his music suck , but he 's also disrespectful !
 This cd continues to suck and 50 has sucked then and sucked now , I Hated this album , there is no reason for anyone to buy this album nor mainstream rap in general after 1998 and the deaths of tupac & biggie , every single song on there is a disaster , especially that drivel known as candy shop , that song is pathetic , idiotic and unsexy , It just makes me sick that people think 50 is talented , he has no talent , not in how to rob , not in GRODT & certainly not this one , this album is lame brained , extremely dreadful and mean-spirited . If you want a real gangsta rap album , go pick 2pac 's all eyez on me , 50 along with G-Unit represent everything wrong with music these days.they are on the same level as that no talented bimbo paris hilton .
 A few reviews ago someone wrote `` 50 Cent is the greatist rapper of all time '' Hmmm ... sure sure ... He has accomplished so much , such like 2 freggin albums , a video game , and a piece of junk movie . Well his albums are also pieces of junk , and not because the his lyrics and ryhmes are weak , but he is a creation of a record company and thats it ! He is a total sell out who claims of getting shot numerous times , being a hood and a ganster , and all sorts of other nonsense that I dont believe . WHy ?? Because he hangs out with hollywoods finest and goes to lush Spa 's in Beverly Hills ... Hey if you want to change you lifestyle and make it better , thats fine , but when you do one thing and say another -LRB- like all of his ganster nonsence on this CD -RRB- then you are a total sellout . Most of the old school rappersproved that they could put feel into thier albums and werent a creation of money hungry record companies . Even though some of them are doing TV , Films , and living a posh life know , they put there dues in and when they were rappin back in the day , they put all the feel and took the Streets to the Mike . . > 50 Cent , go back to your alias and keep trying !! ...
 OMG ! OMG ! OMG ! This CD is great ! I know 50 cent is good cu he get play o MTVi round cloc ! Tha tu 50 , I now unerstan that it IS okay to smoke weed an join gangs an kill peepul an swair evey momen I git an raip women ! I dunno how me eva get thru li wiout MTV a 50 a rap al toegetha ! F *** Pink Floyd an Aerosmith ! They do n't git plai o MTV so eveyboiy now they cat be gud!Hopefully you did n't take any of that seriously , listen to REAL music -LRB- in no particular order -RRB- like : PINK FLOYDROLLING STONESGREEN DAYRADIOHEADTHE KILLERSAEROSMITHMY CHEMICAL ROMANCETHE PRETENDERSJANIS JOPLINJONI MITCHELLDAVID BOWIEDEPECHE MODEEARTH WIND FIRENINE INCH NAILSU2PEARL JAMOh and to MTV ROCKS , all the bands that you think are `` posers '' actually inspired all those bands you think are good but are really posers -LRB- awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww , the truth hurts , does n't it ? -RRB- , and 1 more thing MTV ROCKS , just know that I will remember you ...
 Do not waste your money on this CD . I gave it a chance I tried to like it , but it is horrible I had to skip through the songs because they suck so bad . the only good songs were disci inferno & jus a lil bit , and the other radio hits that are already played out on the radio . If u really want it burn it do n't waste your money . Lloyd banks and Game have way better albums . I recommend them instead .
 Okay , now im sure this review is a waste of time seeing as how anyone who likes this cd probably cant read but here it goes . Does anybody remember the word talent ? It consisted of people who wrote meaningful lyrics , and played instruments . Why do people get such joy out of shi & & y lyrics written by a team of like 10 specialists -LRB- 50 not being one of them -RRB- and a beat composed of another 10 people and a computer . I mean maybe if the lyrics had a point but they dont , this music is going no where ... `` bitch , get in my car '' ... yes i can see how women would love that one ... whatever happened to bands like withing temptation , or lacuna coil , nightwish , leaves ' eyes , pink floyd ... ohh yes thats right ... they aernt `` hood yo '' ... this -LRB- and i wont even call it a cd -RRB- waste of a disc is a little reminder of how music and people minds are slowly going down the tubes .
 To be quite honest , if I could rate the album at 0 that would be my # 1 option.No offense 50 Cent , but u need to find a new job - advising people on what cars they should buy , or advising celebrities in movies on how to throw money in the air or working at a candy shop . There , you can let girls lick ur lollipop without having it told to 50 million MTV viewers.The hype of excitement and anticipation put on the album was the only thing that got it this far . The quite lame lyrics and derogatory and sick statements such as ` I 'll let u lick the lollipop ' on ` Massacre ' are hopefully going to make people realize that not much has changed about 50 Cent since his debut ` Get Rich or Die Tryin '' album , which will hopefully also lead them to realize that 50 Cent is a WASTE OF MONEY!So basically what I 'm trying to tell those reader 's is that you should save you 're money -LRB- and ears -RRB- .
 i like this album except there is one flaw in the case of ravaging dog swing waterballs the force forests to burn the great temple of China . China 's a cool place tho.i bought a basketball50 Cent is in fact a living orgasm.i like to eat peeChewbaca raped 50 Cent eh , it 's like he like to pirate ship around his day for God Sakesholy Jesusy name is George , I pay guitar , i live in a hotel , i 'm hornyomg the sky in definatly a giant toilet fart mobile
 For all the 5-star reviews -LRB- especially that 50 Cent d * ck rider who ca n't get enough of it ... yes you know who you are ! -RRB- , you are sooooooooo insane ! How can y' all possibly believe 50 Cent is better than Jadakiss , Fat Joe , Ja Rule , and the best of NY , NAS !!?? Being a sell-out like 50 Cent is not gon na make him any better ! Yes , I listen to this album and it 's a dissapoining to HIP HOP ! `` Get Rich or Die Trying '' is still waaaay better than this ! He rips-off songs from his earlier work and starts recycling this garbage with weak-a ** beats and you still think he 's the best ! Look , check out the beat of the song `` I Do n't Need 'Em , '' it 's a total rip-off of Ghostface 's `` Metal Lungies ! '' C'mon people ! DEF JAM must be pissed with this . He dissed JaRule for making girly songs and look what happened
 This cd is ok . I could not understand why there are pictures of guns on the inside cover . I used the insert to wrap my fish ! Nice image for the kids talking about shooting people , and someone licking your lolipop ! Total garbage as far as content . Let the code of the steets take care of itself . This sucka mc talking about murdering people is a disgrace . Who gives a rats fanny if you were shot 9 times . That is nuthin to be proud of . There is nuthin new or fresh on this cd . No growth as an artist.The rap community does not need this negative type of music . Some of the beats are good on the cd , but 50 cent does not rhyme clear to me . A lot of his words are bunched together . Thisfake rapper wont be around along . Not a Hip Hop legend here .
 This has got to be the worst rap album in history . He does n't express any feelings whatsoever . I mean , it 's fine that he 's talking about goodies , but at least do it with emotion . This album should only be for ghetto flags . Because only a flag in the grass living in the ghetto would buy such a crappy album.Go get an Eamon , Akon , or Eminem album . Spend your money elsewhere!LAST WORD
 I am a huge 50 Cent fan but this cd is absolute garbage . I thought his first cd was on of the best ever ... up the with the chronic 2001 and other great gangsta albums . He was one of the best . . if not the best rapper until this album . He steered away from his old style and decided to go in a different direction which turned out to be the wrong move . There are probably at most 4 decent songs on this album . I mean wtf is this piggy bank crap !!! He needs to stop dissing people it and most of the time when u diss on people it ruins the song . What the hell is happening with 50 and Game . Personally i think 50 is getting a little ROID RAGE over the fact that Game is stealing some attention from 50 . If you want an awesome west coast cd go pick up The Documentary from the Game !!
 terrible . i miss in da club . boo hoo . But really , 50 cent is n't a really good rapper . just get a collection album of the jackson 5 or something
 weeeeaaaaakk . . and i 'm not a hater either.sold this weak album on hype alone . . nothing great or even OK on this coaster . . the rest of the g-unit put out waaay better product than massacre.and anyone giving this 5 or even 4 stars . . c'mon . . get off the nuts already .
 I brought this CD based on the fact that it was 50 Cent as will the other -LRB- at least 1 -RRB- million people did . After waiting for so long and listening to the buzz that was going on as far as the `` Piggy Bank '' song , I was hyped to how the CD was going to be . `` Get Rich or Die Tryin ' '' -LRB- I wont lie -RRB- was a great album . But 50 has proven that there is a sophmore jinx . This is the worst album I have heard in the last 5 years -LRB- please take note that Chingy has dropped 2 cd 's in that span of time that I havent even heard -RRB- !!!!!!!! Out of 22 tracks there about 4 songs that are ok . I felt that he was more lyrical on the first album then he was on this album . I think 50 has gotten cocky after selling 11 million -LRB- on the first cd -RRB- , that now he feels that he can put his name on anything and it will sell crazy like it did the first time . This album will sell no more then 3 to 5 million copies after the new buzz going around will be that this sh*t is horrible .
 The Massacre is a huge disappointment . Get Rich or Die Tryin is way better . The Massacre is no way to follow up a classic . 50 should have never kicked anybody out the group that put out a better CD than him this years . The Documentary is still by far the best Rap Ablum this year . The only good songs on 50 's album are `` Piggy Bank -LRB- Good just because of the hype and beef -RRB- , Hate It Or Love It Remix -LRB- Just Because Game And Buck were on the record -RRB- . And outta control.I suggest everyone who wants to buy the album , to buy the collector 's edition version of the album , because the video game trailer is way better than the actual album .
 God this guy is absolutely pathetic , he 's now one of the richest people in music but for doing what ? Wearing excessive gold , not having an ounce of talent in his body ? for singing in his childish lyrics how much of a bad * ss he is or for getting shot however many times -LRB- which unfortunately did n't kill the b *** ard -RRB- . The answer is yes ; this is why he is rich . It 's worrying to know there are enough plain stupid people in this world to actually buy this c ** p , just goes to show how much unoriginal land sheep like these people are to just go with the trend and `` enjoy '' listening to this p ** ck.Like basically every other Hip - Hop artist to exist today , the stuff they write about and get paid millions of dollars for is n't in my opinion music - Some uneducated piece of s ** t from a broken home basically talking about how hard there life is and how rich they are now . And when it comes to Hip Hop , the actual music its self is only 50 perCENT of the cra ** y package , oh no because not only are these losers showing off in their lyrics , their image and the way they present themselves on TV to them is just as important . It 's almost impossible these days to flick through the music channels and not fins some idiot wearing to much gold , baggy clothing leaning up against some flash car with half a dozen women surrounding him because as far as there concerned music is about image when it is anything but that . Music 's about meaningful lyrics , proper instruments , i.e. a guitar if any of you hip hop fans know that that is and melody . Posing yes , I agree this c ** ks pi ** es all over any other musician when it comes to posing , but sadly I do n't think any talented musician would really care about that because they can feel comfortable wearing regular clothing as they do n't need expensive over the top garments to make themselves feel good as their music can make them feel good enough.So there we have it my review , I 'm sure a lot of you want to kill me for writing this , if so your either a complete r ** ard or just scared to face the fact that your one of the sheep in the mindless flock .
 sure he might have made a video for every song on the album , but he pulled an Usher all the way . He added a remix , and one new song , but got rid of the Hate it or love it remix . If thats not greedy , I dont know what is . This album is VERY bad -LRB- I kinda like the outta control remix cause Mobb Deep is in it -RRB- but the videos he made that werent the official ones are very low quality . I hate how he hates every rapper out there and I hope he will stop making music . This is bad . Dont buy it .
 I 'll break it down like this : Power of the Dollar - GoodGet Rich or Die Tryin - GreatMassacre - TerribleThe industry has really gotten to 50 Cent , and because he 's not smart enough to come up with his own lyrics anymore , he writes and performs what the execs tell him to , and it shows on this CD . He must have completely run out of material and street cred . In My Hood is the only respectable rap song on the album . Disco Inferno and Candy Shop are great for dancing , but are a far cry from the artform that Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five brought to the masses . On top of this lack of cred , there 's the song Piggy Bank . This song ruined any chance the album had to be good . Its beat and lyrics are terrible . Dead Prez would be ashamed that a fellow musician could stoop to this level . All in all , I think 50 Cent needs to step back from the bright lights of fame , remember how many times he has been shot at , and think about where he came from before he makes another CD . I 'm just glad I downloaded this CD and did n't buy it , because it 's a disgrace to the art .
 This hip hop disc is an exercise in poor taste and poor choices . Surely , it lacks creativity and has nothing constructive to say about bettering our world . Bad attitude ; bad music ; bad idea . Drugs , sex and weapons ? Please , keep this stuff to yourself !!! Bring a message of hope to the people !
 This album does n't have any good beats ! There are like a couple of tracks that stand out to me 10 . Ski Mask Way 11 . A Baltimore Love Song . The rest is like album fillers . It almost seems like 50 did n't even try to make this album lyricly he is n't using the word play and punch lines he used to . I think he needs to take more time consintrating on writing his raps like he used to rather then braging about how much money he 's got in interviews and how much other artist sold . Also do n't get it twisted I am not a G UNIT Hater at all I own every one of there cd 's and mixtapes before there deal plus Get Rich Or Die Tryin , Beg for Mercy , Banks , Buck 's and former G Unit Member The Game and they are all better then The Massacare .
 I 'm so mad I do n't even want to review it . I wasted my money on this stuff . ` Nuff said . The other better and more extensive reviews will explain just why this has so few stars beside it .
 I was really excited to get this album until I saw 50 Cent 's `` All Eyes on me '' Part 2 interview on MTV . That man was talking about how he 's going to insult anybody who associates with Ja Rule just cause he does n't like Ja Rule and wants to destroy his career . To me that 's so girlish . Matter of fact , it 's grammar school girlish . What grown man would pay that much attention to another grown man ? You 're above him in sales , 50 . People generally respect you better . Stop sweating Ja Rule so hard . You act like a bitter ex-girlfriend . Ugh . I would never buy this album now . I ca n't support a grown man who 's so childish.Then to top it all off , he yanked Game out of the G-Unit click because he would n't support him in disrespecting other artists . Although I 'm thrilled that 50 Cent clowned Fat Joe -LRB- as I 've heard from the interview -RRB- , that 's some other ol girl stuff he 's doing . Only females do stupid stuff like `` If I do n't like him/her , you ca n't either . '' Get that garbage out of here ! Game does n't have to like who you like or not like who you like . Damn . Open up a beauty shop and get on with the drama there.FIVE DAYS LATER
 Oh Boy , Where Do I Start , Well He 's Taking About Women , Club 's , Car 's , Bragging That He Has Money , And Like Nobody Care 's . 50 Cent 's New Cd Is Just So Old Material , I Mean Wow , Who Has n't Talked About Jewelry , Having A Big House , Or He Got Shot 9 Times , Who Care 's . This Album Was Just A Big Hype For 50 Cent To Sell A Crappy Album Just To Get Fast Bucks . And That Candy Shop Song
 It seems that the diabolic trio -LRB- Dre , Eminem , and 50 cent -RRB- are having some rough years . Eminem first came out with `` Encore '' , an album that might as well have been just a remake of everything good about `` The Eminem Show '' . Then , 50 comes out with his latest , `` The Massecre '' , which has just thrown the train off the tracks and into a hurdling ball of fire . `` The Massecre '' is a fine example of 50 , who must think he is unstoppable , showcasing one of his greatest marketing techniques , controversy . Listening to this album is very irritating because 50 states in his song `` Disco Inferno '' the following line
 This is pretty much an average CD it starts of with a good song In MY Hood . i have to tell you . i was pretty happy with the first 7 tracks . then when i got to Disco INferno , Candy Shop , Baltimore Love THing . then it got bubblegum . as i can see it . the first tracks are gangsta then it goes to being a love album . the beats were pretty good but im pretty much mad at him and i really dont like 50 as a person anymore . after he started beefing with Nas , Fat Joe , Jadakiss , Shyne , all over sum stupid Sh*t . and he aint the next pac . he isnt even as great as pac . he is kinda repeating himself with what pac did but at least when pac rap he wasnt an ignorant F**k like 50 is . pac still rapped about problems in the hood , society . pac diss anyone who was with biggie , as 50 diss everyone associated with ja rule . when pacs career started , he rapped about black power and how his life is bad . and 50 started off his rap career with beefing with the top rappers . and to tell you the truth , do i really wan na buy records from someone who brags about how much money he has and how he is better than me ? at least when pac was rapping he was telling everyone how he feels and he had sumthing to stand for . what does 50 have to stand for ? his anger at ja ? is that really something to stand for ? hes 28 years old and acting like a jealous high school kid . if you wan na get the album , just download it dont buy it ,50 doesnt need anymore money and i dont want him getting anymore money just rip the Cd and download he doesnt need money cuz hes wack . i want to see him broke and out the rap game .
 This album sucked . GRODT was much hotter and did not have any skippable tracks . I am also angry at 50 for getting rid of The Game , who is a lyrically better rapper . Candy Shop is WAY overplayed and Disco Inferno is a retarded club anthem . He wants to prove he is the greatest rapper from NY , so he disses the other great NY rappers -LRB- Nas , Jadakiss , Shyne -RRB- . So why not dis the fake NY MC 's , such as Cam ` ron , Mobb Deep or Fabolous ? The only good songs on here are God Gave Me Style , Gatman And Robbin ' feat . Eminem and Outta Control . I was also hoping to get the second G-Unit album , but now that The Game is officially gone , I think I 'll keep my $ 15 to 20 dollars .
 I used to be the hugest fan of 50 . Get Rich or Die Tryin was nothing below awesome . To tell the truth , i am completely off rap now . i dont know why he went down the path of such a bad 2nd coming.I 'll to take 50 to the brain shopSomething made his head go pop
 I will tell u y cause they have no taste of good music and this album is pure breed 100 percent f**king garbage it is not even worth 1 penny they should give album away for free cause it is bringing down rap and 50 is bringing down rap . I recommend that u do not buy this it is not worth it and dont support this guy he is a piece of s ** t and jealous of the game that is y he kicked him out of gay-unit . To the people who gave this more than 1 star f**k u and to the haters of jadakiss , nas , fat joe and shyne suck a d ** k and go get f**k in the a ** by 50 cent . Anyways dont buy this please and write reviews that give this 1 star cause that is what should be rated .
 Save your money , and just buy The Game cd since the only good song -LRB- Just a Lil Bit -RRB- on this cd is on the Documentary too . The only other possibility is Candy shop , but I got sick of this song back when it was called magic stick .
 50 is trying to diss Nas -LRB- the lyrical God -RRB- ? Please , thats like Bart Simpson fighting the Incredible Hulk ! 50 cent is a maggot !
 Those shots he took might have messed with his head . 50 wants to diss Nas ? Nas has 4 classic albums -LRB- learn about it -RRB- and Nas already destroyed Pac and Jay Z. 50 cent is nothing but a vermin , scumbag , worth less than dirt .50 is a maggot !
 God this guy is absolutely pathetic , he 's now one of the richest people in music but for doing what ? Wearing excessive gold , not having an ounce of talent in his body ? for singing in his childish lyrics how much of a bad * ss he is or for getting shot however many times -LRB- which unfortunately did n't kill the b *** ard -RRB- . The answer is yes ; this is why he is rich . It 's worrying to know there are enough plain stupid people in this world to actually buy this c ** p , just goes to show how much unoriginal land sheep like these people are to just go with the trend and `` enjoy '' listening to this p ** ck.Like basically every other Hip - Hop artist to exist today , the stuff they write about and get paid millions of dollars for is n't in my opinion music - Some uneducated piece of s ** t from a broken home basically talking about how hard there life is and how rich they are now . And when it comes to Hip Hop , the actual music its self is only 50 perCENT of the cra ** y package , oh no because not only are these losers showing off in their lyrics , their image and the way they present themselves on TV to them is just as important . It 's almost impossible these days to flick through the music channels and not fins some idiot wearing to much gold , baggy clothing leaning up against some flash car with half a dozen women surrounding him because as far as there concerned music is about image when it is anything but that . Music 's about meaningful lyrics , proper instruments , i.e. a guitar if any of you hip hop fans know that that is and melody . Posing yes , I agree this c ** ks pi ** es all over any other musician when it comes to posing , but sadly I do n't think any talented musician would really care about that because they can feel comfortable wearing regular clothing as they do n't need expensive over the top garments to make themselves feel good as their music can make them feel good enough.So there we have it my review , I 'm sure a lot of you want to kill me for writing this , if so your either a complete r ** ard or just scared to face the fact that your one of the sheep in the mindless flock .
 THIS IS STILL EAR POLLUTION!First off , is it just me , or is his `` flow '' or whatever it 's supposed to be getting worse & worse ? On `` GRODT '' , he slurred & mumbled his `` lyrics '' -LRB- or what 's supposed to pass for them -RRB- '' on his way to the top . On here , he sounds asthough his mouth is full of mashed potatoes . Damn ! he sounds like he got shot some more times in the mouth!Secondly , 95 % of this album was produced by others besides Dre , and it certainly shows ! The production on this turd is a cross b/w bland & just plain horrible ! The only beat that 's @ least half-assed @ best is the one for `` Gattman & Robin , '' which shows that Feminem needs to stick to the rapping.Next , the lyrics were insipid , ignorant , juvenile , and amateurish , but this is `` Fithy '' we 're talkin ' about , so what should I have expected?Next , the only 2 tracks decent enough to be released commercially as singles are `` Build You Up '' & `` So Amazing , '' which unsurprisingly are the poppish , love ballads ones , and have Ja Rule written all over them . The rest are completely unlistenable to say the least.Lastly , I do n't know what Vivica Fox was smokin ' or sniffin ' when she had her little fling w / him -LRB- or what she would like to think of as a `` relationship '' -RRB- cuz he ai n't even worth 50 cents . I dunno , I guess she must 've had a `` Baltimore Love Thing '' . In Conclusion , your money should be spent on buying albums by real lyricists like Nas . Sure , he may not `` sell records , '' but @ least he 's REAL . This scumbag is devoid of any real lyrical ability whatsoever , but this is the sh & t ; that sells . Lord , no wonder hip-hop is dead , and rap is on `` life support '' . Just sad .
 I ca n't wait to the ghetto thugged out black man goes out of style . I have n't seen a real black man since my grandfathers generation and believe me his generation knew about real struggles . This generation raps about struggles that are only self inflicted and self inflammed . They ca n't even define the word REAL yet they use it in all of their songs . The glorification that 50 Cent and other ignorant fools like him give to `` The Hood '' is disgusting . So you are from the ghetto , woopty f ****** g doo ! You do n't live in the ghetto anymore ! So why are you singing that same damn song ? Just because something is real it does n't mean that it 's worth rapping about . Real is pimples on the face of a thirteen year old . Who wants to rap about that ? Real is diarrhea in the depends of a senior citizen . Still it 's disgusting and who wants to hear about it , let alone rap about it . That 's the way I feel about rappers like 50 Cent . So if you sleep with lots of women , so if you do n't give them money , so if you have orgies , so , you use to sell dope , -LRB- well you should probably still be in jail -RRB- so if you were shot fifty times -LRB- you survived just to torture us with bad music -RRB- . Still it 's disgusting and I do n't want to hear about it . America 's making dumb illiterate fools like this rich . They have nothing to offer anyone . Now young people , stop buying this sh*t and listening to it in your cars as you ride down the street . I ca n't tell you how many times I 've driven down the street and heard young white kids listening to this sh*t . You guys are the ones putting money in these fools pocket . Most black people do n't buy this crap because we know it 's stupid and listening to this crap does n't make you look cool . And shame on you parents who allow your children to ride around and sit in their rooms listening to this sh*t . ` Nuf said .
 Scientists have done various studies and have come to the interesting conclusions that 50 Cent , and those of his ilk , are actually inferior to the average human being !
 This is mindless trash . Anyone who gives this thing more than one star is the laughing stock of my life . How many times can you idiots listen to this fool talk about the same nonsense over and over again?Is it sinking in yet ? HELLO ?! KNOCK KNOCK !! Wake up and start supporting talented musicians and kick this piece of trash back to the gutter where he belongs.Thank God I 'm not a teenager anymore . I 'd have to kill myself if I had to put up with my peers listeninig to this garbage every day . I feel bad for all those kids out there who appreciate TALENT and are constantly having this tool 's music shoved down their throats on a daily basis . Truly .
 Are you kidding me ? 50 Cent delayed this record because he didnt like the way it came out and its still garbage . This is the worst CD I own 22 Tracks and there are only 3 songs worth listening to if you arent already sick of hearing them in the clubs This is really bad , I want my money back ... ! All this time waiting what a disapoointment ... What happened ?
 seriously , this is whats wrong with society today , this is whats killing hip hop culture , and this is what gives people the false idealistic imagination of how 50 's life is/how their life should be . I go to public school , and I 've seen fist fights on my bus about what radio station to play or where they think the bus driver should park in front of our school.look . many of the kids i go to school with dont have a lot of money . And awful music like this doesnt really give them a `` success story '' to guide them on there journey . It just teaches them if they 're disrespectful towards eachother and ignorant , like their favorite rapper , it will somehow make them more `` gangster '' or `` thug '' . and its just a bit sad and disgusting for someone like me who has to live with these people this music has encouraged . And people who treat eachother with that much disrespect and that little care have made me lose a lot of faith i used to have in the world.and dont get me wrong , im actually a fan of hip hop . but definetly nothing mainstream , and probably not much from around this time.and on another note , on the track `` piggy bank '' , 50 should never ever make fun of NaS . He is a real artist . He has talent . Nas is one of the few and much needed positive role models -LRB- `` I Can '' , `` The World is Yours '' -RRB- . And if 50 wants to diss an MC that tells kids to do well in school and work hard , I dont care if he 's the best MC in the world -LRB- 50 's no where close -RRB- I will dislike anyone who wants that message to get to impressionable kids.please ... think about what i just wrote and think about it . I just thought Id say what I think about what 's happening to our blind society .
 This would take a whole book to fill , so i 'll keep my list semi-small ... PumpkinheadSupernaturalVast AireCageRA the Rugged ManGza and the entire Wu-TangMursSlugBlueprintZion IJus AllahVinnie PazIll Bill and Non PhixionOne Be LoPhil Da AgonyDefariEvidenceC Rayz WalzMr . LifKool G RapCanibusBeanie SiegelJay-ZNasthat 's a good mix of commercial and underground rappers who are better than the biggest snitch/hypocrite in the industry
 I do n't really want to waste my time explaining this album because it already has been said a million times ... but I 'm going to do it . I listen to rock , alternative-metal , heavy metal , death metal ... any type of metal or rock . I mostly put rap on the pay me no mind list , but there are a few albums I have . First , Public Enemy 's `` It Takes A Nation Of Millions to Hold Us Back '' and a few Beastie Boys albums . I kind of like 2Pac , too . But beside that , I have no interest in rap.Now the difference between Public Enemy and 50 Cent is one thing . Well ... talent and creativity . Bands from the 90 's like Public Enemy and Rage Against the Machine -LRB- metal with a rapper -RRB- sang about politics and something that means something . 50 Cent and all the other rappers today rap about their bit * hes and ho 's , their glock 9 's and gang loyalty . At the current state of America I can write two full albums ... but these guys have no creativity and no talent either.So when I first heard some songs from The Massacre , `` Just A Lil Bit '' , `` Candy Shop '' and `` Disco Inferno '' , I wanted to shoot myself . Thats how bad they are . 50 Cent took pop to a new extreme in `` Candy Shop '' . Enough with getting laid . He acts like he 's the only one who 's ever touched a women 's behind . Get over yourself . I heard the rest of this album when this guy I work with played the album , and I literally took the CD out and used it as a frisbee into the garbage can . Every song sounds exactly alike , and the only thing 50 Cent raps about is the same old crap in every ... single ... song ... So , if you want to hear the current state of music right now , pop in some 50 Cent , G-Unit , Good Charlotte , Simple Plan , Avril Lavigne , any other rapper who is n't white or shot down -LRB- Even though I do n't like Eminem , I respect him for his talent and creativity -RRB- or any other bubble gum pop music . Whatever happened to the days of good metal music or good rap -LRB- ! -RRB- like Public Enemy , Beastie Boys or Rage Against the Machine ? The good ol days of music sucks because it is overrun by teenyboppers and nu-metal crap -LRB- except System of a Down -RRB- and rappers repeating the same thing over and over again.Now thats off my chest , I feel much better that I spent 5 minutes of my life expressing how I feel about the music world today . I dont have time to list what music to listen to , but what you should not listen to is any band that started in the 2000 's , because every single one of them sucks now . But what would you 14 year old white suburban teenyboppers know about good music ... we got MTV , VH1 , TRL , BET or whatever the hell . You want good music , listen to something beside million dollar rapper with bodyguards thinking he is all gangsta . G-UNIT !!! Do n't you just hate that ... it 's so old .
 Im watching tv . i come to the worst channel ever MTV . and guess who i see ?? 50 Cent with his shirt off and girls hanging on his arms . guess what i hear ?? '' Yo i got shot 9 fu ** in ' times , yo , i got my babe , yo , so f*ck u. . . ! '' AND YOU PEOPLE CALL THAT MUSIC ???
 50 cent is the most garbage rapper ever period , he has no poetic jesture , no lyrical content . after destroying ja rules career he comes out wif songs like lil bit and candy shop is real sad . i dont noe why 50 cent even went at nas . hes not even on his , level nas will kill him just like he killed jayz . if you really listen to rap and ur not no fake p * ssy u would not buy this garabge album . not one song in this album is classic it has a couple of catchy songs . 2pac is the best rapper to pick up the mic , a legend in his own rhymes . buy his album and dont even consider this trash album trust me .
 Wu-tang ! Wu-tang ! Wu-tang ! The reason why Wu-Tang Clan gets away with chanting the name of their crew over and over is that they have an intellectual philosophy behind it -LRB- beyond the martial arts inferences -RRB- that poignantly outlines the hopes , dreams , and struggles of Black Americans coming up from the slums , with religious undertones.This `` G-Unit ! '' chanting that 50 cent and his stable mates do is , like the whole `` Wu-TANG ! '' thing , part of his musical theme , however there is no point behind it other than gratuitus `` gang-repping '' -LRB- like most hardcore mafioso , G-Unit prints Tshirts and Jeans and sells them in department stores -- * eye-roll * -RRB- and because he mistakenly thinks that catchy gimmicks will distract listeners from the fact that he is a sh *** y rapper.The Massacre is a terrible album . I have the feeling that when he is an old man -LRB- assuming he lives that long -- if he gets shot -LSB- god forbid -RSB- he probably wo n't be martyred like other slain hip hop legends -RRB- 50 will look back on most of his musical career and think , `` wow , I sure was a jacka $ $ when I was young . `` The fact that the only listenable tracks for me are the already played-out club hits `` Disco Inferno '' and `` Candy Shop '' -LRB- these songs are trendy when new but get supremely annoying after a while -RRB- tells me that 50 is more of a popstar than someone who actually reps anything remotely connected to the hood . His songs are very time-sensitive and not timeless . You 'll hear them two years later and not really want to bump them anymore . I 'll give him props for `` In Da Club , '' which is an anomaly for 50 since it is still a good track . A lot of `` Get Rich ... '' is trendy and poppish just like this album , but unlike `` The Massacre '' the songs from `` Get Rich ... '' were Fifty Cent when he was fresh and new and not Fifty Cent when he was out of ideas and repeating the same ones over again , and they were n't original in the first place .50 s best work is 50 being a Top 4 - schill and not 50 desperately trying to look like he 's really NOT a gigantic fraud and sellout who could n't rap his way out of a paper vest , let alone battle rap his way out of his teflon .50 is obviously a prepackaged , corporation promoted `` gangster '' that people who have absolutely no idea what slum life is like can buy records from in the erroneous belief that listening to 50 cent turns them into some sort of true hip hop head or hood , and rich people who control 50 from their clean Fifth Avenue offices are loving every penny -LRB- certainly more than `` fifty cents '' -RRB- of it.This record is boring and does n't say ANYTHING . 50s rhymes are elementary and rely totally on the production to make him listenable . His delivery style is stupid . Mumble mumble mumble . `` B *** h this , I 'll shoot you that ... blah blah blah , mumble mumble , glower ... `` hey did I mention I know Emimem ? `` It would be nice if the beats produced for this album were used by an artist who could torch some hot lyrics over them . Good beats and a good rhymer are a winning combination . As it is , the excellent beats for this album serve instead to camouflague rather than complement fifty 's rapping . He is so limited lyrically that maybe this is the best he can hope for .
 Unlike the best of rap , culminating in the lyrical , creative style pioneered by Death Row artists like Dre and Snoop , and the genius Tupac , this album is comprised of machine-pressed beats over generic lyrics , with none of the creativity and melody of better rappers.I would recommend you stay away from this one and look for something better . If you already have the Tupac , Dre and Snoop albums , you 've pretty much exhausted the best there is and should perhaps branch off into far richer musical avenues . If you 're some angry cholo or a scrub with limited musical intellect , by all means get this it will make you thump and is so simple that even you can get it .
 If ur buying this cd for the songs Disco inferno and Candy Shop you should instead burn those songs because the rest suck ... Get rich or die trying is better then this Massacre . You see 50 cent saying that this album is way better than GRODT but its NOT . He just says that so u could buy this garbage . . Do me a favor and save your money people .
 I wanted to give this album 4 stars but i will not give this overrated album any more than one.amazing was the best song but even that some ca n't compete with ja rule . I ca n't beleive that 50 dissed ja of making lov songs when he ca n't even make that type of songs better than ja does ... NOBODY DOES IT LIKE ME-THEY DO BUT THEY AI N'T DO IT LIKE ME-NOBODY , nobody DOES IT LIKE R.U.L.E. ...
 yes the cd is a massacre because it was just terrible , the hooks the lyrics he so called beef track which was just another gimmick hook track ... awful , i didnt buy it but i did hear it before it came out , so dont think i am just hating ... the track that is actually good is ryder music , the beat is nice , which couldve been without 50 on it ... but overall , i am not feelin game but his cd was better than 50 's which is what i believe is another reason why they have ... garbage ... and to DALTON HIGGINS , keep kissin G-unit a ** ... we see who you are riding with ... if ya 'll want real hip hop , go pick up a CORMEGA CD ...
 This is the epitemy of pop rap , the thing that is killing hip hop . Now I know what nas means when he says Hip Hop Is Dead . Are you telling me that we should respect or even take seriously this man . He is a discrace to real rappers like the wu tang clan , WC , Nas , Busta Rhymes , Ice Cube , Eazye RIP , and so many more.WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER WU TANG FOREVER
 Its a shame how a mere three years ago , 50 Cent was slaying the industry , bashing `` pop '' rappers such as Ja Rule for being soft . No less than 24 months later , this travesty is released with its lead single `` Candy Shop '' . Just by looking at the album cover , you can figure out which market this CD is looking for -LRB- any straight dude wouldnt want to be caught dead with a CD with this art on it -RRB- . No respect for the man now , this CD should have been called `` The Rape '' . If your even contemplating putting a dollar towards this pop trash , cut off the blood circulation to your brain
 Tally ho ! More mainstream claptrap off the starboard bow ! Ah , another dose of Hollywood hogwash to brainwash MTV junkies . I have not , nor will I listen to this garbage , but I have had a good measure of 50 cent 's music from TV , Radio etc. . One word
 Keep in my mind that no one has ever claimed that 50 was a great lyricist , let alone an average one . Nevertheless he WILL sell , regardless of the quality , and this album proves that point emphatically . I 'm not a 50 hater , it 's just that he does n't make good music ; if you have any sense you should know that . The fact that 50 is backed by stellar producers , em and dre , and a good marketing department , will always keep 50 on top of the sales charts.As for `` The Massacre '' , all you need to know is that for the most part the production is very good but as usual 50 's lyrics are anything but good or even adequate . This is pop-rap at it 's finest though , and if you 're into this sort of thing you may in fact like the album.The only true highlight of the album is `` Baltimore Love Thing '' , where 50 shows a bit of creativity and raps from the point of view of the drug crack . It 's a very creative concept ; not sure if it was ghostwritten or not . There are also a few incredible beats one the album , particularly `` Ski Mask Way '' and `` I Do n't Need Em . '' 50 's lyricism does n't do much for either though . These 3 are probably the best tracks on the album . The rest is either mysoginistic garbage or tired , played out to death cash , money and guns stuff . One particularly terrible track is `` Get in My Car . `` Bottom line this album pretty much blows aside from the nice production . If you want some real hip hop go purchase a Common album , or Talib Kweli , or Dead Prez or something.On a side note , 50 's former associate The Game dropped a very nice album `` The Documentary '' earlier this year . Good production AND lyrics on that one , for the most part .
 50 cent is hands down the most overated , overhyped , overexpoesd , rapper of all time . I 'm not gon na even lie , I actually thougt he was tight on his underground rap music . But ever since he got discoverd by Emenem and Dre and came out W / Get Rich , He 's been wack ever since . Nowadays , he 's nothing more then a markiting tool . 50 cent is joke , plain and simple . I ca n't believe that the media actually had the odassady to compare this gap toothed clown to Tupac Shakur . Tupac is the greatest and most important rapper of all time . 50 cent is the M.C. Hammer of Gansta Rap , and like Tupac song , it is absolute `` Blasphemy '' for those two to ever be put in the same sentence -LRB- unless it 's similer to the sentence I 've just written -RRB- . I was so happy when The Game murdered -LRB- lyrically -RRB- fiddy and the also overated -LRB- although young buck , L - banks and Tony Yayo are all probably better rappers then fiddy -RRB- G-unit . He finally exposed 50 cent as the trick made wack phoney he is . Out of respect for Hip Hop do not subscribe to this Jerk , unless you enjoy talentless , substaceless , and most of all meaningless music .
 Not a lot of people have heard anything by 50 that is pre-Get Rich . Before he hooked up with Eminem he used to be a TALENTED underground rapper . He also used to tell his fans that he would never sell out and that he hated mainstream rap . Well 50 , was it worth it ? You ditched all your true underground fans to go mainstream with `` Get Rich '' . You got your wish and you 're now rich and famous . Now what ? Your TRUE fans hate you for selling out and now your teeny-bobbing fans are forgetting about you and moving on to the next rap idol . So in a desperate attempt to get them back you release `` The Massacre '' . Very appropriate title for album because it describes what happened to your short-lived music `` career '' . Oh well , I guess it doens n't matter to him because he 's raked in his millions . Anyone who is interested in hearing pre `` Get Rich '' 50 try to find his underground tapes . He does have some good stuff , its just hard to get to .
 This has got to be the phattest piece of trash to grace the beautiful shelves of music . All the copies of the CD should be rounded up , thrown in a big pile , lit on fire . And then the owners of those CDs should all be piled together and thrown into space , because they are the reason for the demise of human civilization.Get this crap down to negative stars !
 So I woke up one mourning on top of my covers , put my pants on two legs at a time , walked down stairs and found that I was standing on my kitchen roof and that the stove was planted above me . As I walked out to my car , I noticed the sky looked rather odd , sort of a dark red colour , and the sun was absent , in it 's place a wheel of monterey jack cheese . I got to work and found US president Ralph Nader standing beside my reserved parking space with a plaque that read ; `` thank you for your noble service to our country '' -LRB- being third shift manager at `` burger world '' has it 's honorable moments , I suppose -RRB- . After being greeted by thousands of media heads and ronald mcdonald himself , I was told by my boss to take the rest of the day off , with pay . I spent the rest of my mourning , afternoon and evening playing beach volleyball with 3 eyed space creatures , one of which was kinda hot , and by 160 o'clock , I was ready to call it a day . I got back into my car , which had somehow transformed from a 87 ' geo to a 05 ' escalade with spinners ;-RRB- , and started my drive home . Once into my house , I decided to pick up the newspaper . I opened up to the front page , and saw the strangest thing . The headline read ; `` The Billboard top 3 for skooterday , floontober 57th , xj79 are
 THIS CD IS THA WHACKEST CD I HAVE EVER HEARD IN MY LIFE.DO NOT BUY THIS CD.NONE OF THE SONGS ARE EVEN WORTH LISTENING TO
 How did he go from Power Of The Dollar & Get Rich Or Die tryin to this ?!?! He got rich and stopped tryi n'this album is TERRIBLE
 Let me start off by saying , I hated the first album too . So if you like `` Get Rich or Die Trying '' , maybe you should n't read this review . But what you should know is , I took the hood poll , and the people who were feeling the first album , said this album is hot trash ! Piggy Bank is the weakest battle rap I 've ever heard from somebody who is supposed to be a Big Dog in the game . So what Jada is mostly New York , so what True Story did n't sell 11 million , so what Nas got his `` WIFE '' , -LRB- Not some skeezer who dissed him -RRB- tattoo 'd on his arm , is that the best he could come up with ?!?! THIS TRACK WAS WEAK !!! Takeover , Hova got personal , Ether Nas got personal !!! When I heard those songs , I was like `` Damn somebody gon na mess around and get shot '' . When I heard Piggy Bank , I said `` This was so weak , I would be suprised if ANY of these guys answer '' . He said nothing !!! To be honest , all the drama I heard about `` Piggy bank '' was the only reason I bought the album . I heard he got at cats hard ... WRONG !!!! I should have bootlegged this disaster . If I had a dollar for everytime 50 said `` Shake it girl '' on this album , I 'd be making more money than him . He has two songs in a row where he says `` Shake it '' in the hook !!!! -LRB- Disco Inferno and whatever garbage song is right after it , check if you do n't believe me !!! -RRB- . Production on this album is WEAK !!! I honestly skipped almost every song . The only tracks I listened to from start to finish are Piggy Bank -LRB- Only because I like the beat -RRB- and `` I 'm supposed to Die Tonight '' -LRB- Which is straight fire , I 'm not a hater , I can respect good music -RRB- . Other than that , Jada called it , this album is just somthing to break up Buds on . How am I buying an album and I ca n't even listen to the whole thing ?!?! I just ca n't take these corny lyrics ! I did not listen to the entire album people , that should tell you about the quality of this `` album '' -LRB- And I use that term loosely -RRB- ! After like track 15 or so , I had to wrap it short -LRB- And I only made it to 15 because I cut a lot of songs in the middle of the first verse !!!! Had I tried to listen to every song , I do n't think I would have made it to track 8 !!!!! -RRB- . As much as I hated the first joint , there were at least about six or seven tracks I was feeling . This album , there is one . I just do n't see what the hype about this dude is coming from ? Maybe he is in the same boat as LL and 99 % of his fans wear high heels ? Judging by the reviews I saw on Amazon , I see I 'm not the only one who is using this album as a coaster ...
 What a bad CD , and I do n't mean bad as GOOD ! This CD was pushed back a few times , and there 's a bootleg CD of unreleased tracks floating around that sound better than this mess ! All of the delays & name changes are n't justified after listening to the lame monotone rapping , immature -LRB- and weak ! -RRB- disses , and song recycling that 's in full effect here ! 50 Cent is over rated , played out , and his 15 minutes are almost up ! No hating here . . the CD is just trash !! My problem with this CD is that 50 Cent does n't show any artistic growth , and after publicly fueding with Ja Rule , 50 is now copying Ja Rule 's style ! W.T.F. ?? Check out 50 's wack sing-a-longs with Olivia , who 's playing the Ashanti role on songs like ` Candy Shop ' -LRB- a rip off of ` Magic Stick ' NOTE 4 NOTE ! -RRB- . Another sad remake on this CD is ` Disco Inferno ' , which blatently COPIES ` On Fire ' by Lloyd Banks ! The next single is a pre school sing-a-long -LRB- ` Piggy Bank ' -RRB- !! `` Clickity Clank , Clickity Clank ... My Piggy Bank '' W.T.F. is that ! Sorry , This is NOT RAP MUSIC ! This is just trash ! ` The Massacre ' may sell like hotcakes for a few days , and THEN a TON of USED COPIES WILL appear for the taking!Unlike so many poor souls , I was able to unload my copy for a full refund , and retailers are n't taking anymore used copies of ` The Massacre ' . . They 're loaded with too many !! Please , Do n't buy this mess ! Not even a burned copy at the barber shop !! Leave it alone ! In closing , this CD is a Shot Up Buck Toothed HOT MESS ! 50 , it 's ova!P.S . As for the announced sales of over 1.1 million CD during the 1st week , NOT TRUE FOLKS ... Those were the inflated number of CDs that retailers ordered with serious hopes of BIG SALES & BIG PROFITS !! Hence , stores have taken a BIG loss with this CD , which is taking up too much shelf space . . they ca n't get rid of the sorry ` Massacre ' !! Shoot , bootleggers ca n't even give copies away ! -LRB- LOL -RRB- 50 , Thanks for ` Get Rich Or Die Trying ' back in 2003 , but maybe you should consider another career path , and come back when you have more substance !
 This is an absolute mess , this is beyond terrible and how this sold 5 million copies is beyond me . I just heard this clown saying the new Nas album is garbage and talking trash about Jay-Z and Jadakiss.I hope this bonehead 's new album flops big time , and hope the new Wu-Tang album coming this summer blows it away.People got to start getting into lyrical rap again it 's scary to think the youth today think G-Unit is best thing going.My favourite rappers are Nas , Gza , Big Pun , Big L and AZ and they blow away 50 cent .
 After good `` Get Rich Or Die Or Tryin ' '' I was expecting better album from 50 cent . This cd is copy of all 50 cent 's past songs . All what he saying is that how he got shot . Nothing new .
 It 's junk like this the reminds me why I normally listen to older rap from the 1990s . The only thing 50 knows how to do is run his mouth , and it 's starting to backfire on him . An underground artist named Yukmouth put out an irrevocable diss calling 50 a -LSB- ... -RSB- and a `` liar '' , etc. . The diss hits much harder than anything that 2Pac ever said about Bad Boy , or Jay-Z and Nas said about each other before squashing it , for example.After all , 50 broke into the mainstream only because he dissed Ja Rule , who had actually held a good career for a few years . That was 2003 , and 50 Cent had been rappin underground since 1994 or ' 95 . Honestly , if 50 was such a prodigy , how come offbeat acts like Eminem and Xzibit hit the mainstream before 50 ???? Ice Cube rapped in 1995 that some people had been `` rappin since the '70s and still never went gold '' , but why would 50 Cent wait so long?Don ' t support 50 Cent . There 's too much of a questionable background for me to take him seriously . You 're better off dissecting some Method Man albums instead . Method Man is a classic rapper , whereas no one will even remember 50 Cent ten years from now . I personally think 2003 and later is too late for brand-new hardcore rap acts to come up .
 I agree with Pete . Rap used to be good when Public Enemy was doing it back in the late 80 's , but then rap became one of the major sellout genres of all times when the new millenium dawned . Actually , I do n't care for rap , as I listen to rock music , but the most overrated and sold out is 50 Cent . Listening to this `` music '' is as pleasant as getting burned by acid . Why does Amazon only have the option of one star ? It deserves negative infinity stars . One star is being WAY too nice.If you want good rap , I suggest Public Enemy , Nas , Beastie Boys , 2Pac -LRB- before he died -RRB- , Notorious B.I.G. and that 's all that can pop up in my head . For good rock music , get some Fear Factory , Killswitch Engage , Shadows Fall , American Head Charge , Lamb Of God , Bleeding Through , In Flames , As I Lay Dying , Darkest Hour , At The Gates , Himsa , Pantera and stuff like that . Even corporate rock -LRB- which sucks -RRB- is better than this P.O.S. .
 It 's hard to have any respect for rap music these days , and artists like 50 cent when all the singers main topics in songs seem to be are
 50 man , you should wait for Dr. Dre man , you put an album like that man , that most be a joke man . Or I am still dreaming . 50 you rushed the album out man , and you are not even 3 stars from our reviews man ... I am not hitting on you 50 , but this is not hip-hop , Piggy bank is called out war man ... ! Please take Banks , Yayo , and Buck out of the hate it or love it , man leave it for Game son , they suck on it man ... Wow , 50 I do n't know which song that should be something to listen everyday man , because like their said before all sound the same , and you are not a boss , pretend to be are not a boss , wait for Dr. Dre to create what we call out real beats for you and then you rap , on track . The Game killed you man ... This is album is dope even you running your little mouth , you wrote most of those songs , but The Game got a better chemestry than you 50 Cent , call JMJ again 50 , asked him for a new way to rap son ! I am fan in all man but this is not a G-unit album ...
 Here are some -LRB- of many -RRB- rappers who are five times better than 50 Cent : NasGZARZAGhostfaceMasta KillaEminemKRS 1RakimRas KassXzibitRaekwonKillah PriestKuruptYukmouthKilla TayJadakissInspectah DeckScarfaceT.I.Ice CubeW.CBig BoiBig GippJuelz SantanaThe GameRoscoeCanibusNellyM.O.PBraveheartsToo ShortObie TriceEshamTwistaKrazyzie BoneBizzy BoneWish BoneLayzie BoneLudacrisLil FlipPastor TroyPlanet AsiaSunz of ManLil WayneJuvenileB.GBumpy KnucklesFreddie FoxD-12CamC-boBrotha Lynch HungHollow TipJinDMXMemphis BleekShyneBeans SiegelFrostJurassic 5Little Bow WowKnumskullThe WhoridasDe La SoulTribe Called QuestRun DMCIce-TJust about every rapper who has ever recorded is much better than 50 cent !
 I have to say that there are several good tracks on the album , and in my opinion that 's the only thing that saves it . 2 songs , which are pretty good , come to my mind right away
 I just ca n't get past the fact that he has the balls to diss Nas . The cd is n't bad and i respectED him for changing up his tone and flow but damn ! He lost every ounce of respect i HAD for him by even reciting the name , ` Nas . ' Nas is on the top 5 list of the greatest rappers and 50 is n't even on the top 10 . This is rediculous . 50 just lost a devoted fan . Dis ja rule . Dis fatty . Dis jada . he can even diss his main man , emishmem . but to touch nas is cruelty to the industry . i just hope and pray that Nas retaliates and comes out with Ether Part II . not a bad cd . but i ca n't fathom what is goin on in his big ass head . maybe hes got a little lead still stuck up in his grill .
 i can not believe what i am hearing from this guy first he went pop and he said he never would cause on a mixtape that was dissin ja rule he said he would never sellout and what did he do same thing as ja rule . this guy is a f *** ing hyprocrite and needs to keep his mouth shut from now on . The Game killed gay unit on his mixtapes this year first mixtape was You Know What It Is vol 3 and the second was Ghost Unit both cds told stories of what really went down between these two guys . I recommend that you not buy this cd it is not worth the money .
 Well i could go on for days about how much i disliked this CD as well as anything else 50 does but ill keep it as breif as i can . With this album you get more of the same , same beats , same themes to the tracks , why does Canyshop and magic stick sound exactly alike ? With the panphlet inside you get some nice pictures of 50 pointing guns at your face , that 's always nice . The fact that this album had so much commercial success is what really perplexes me though . Have we lost touch of what hip-hop was , it used to be about peace and stopping the violence witnessed around them , battling with a microphone not a pistol . We must move forward and this album is 3 strides back .
 He had alot to say.He had alot of nothing to say.We 'll miss him .
 Reading alot of these reviews i now relize that rap/hip hop has somehow brainwashed you into thinking you can be rich just by getting shot and doing drugs.I see people all the time that try to act `` pimp '' its just retarded . Whatever happened to the once almighty rock ?
 Vlad , ca n't you detect sarcasm when you read it ? Read the rest of MTV Rocks 's reviews , friend ! HE 'S BEING SARCASTIC . HE AGREES WITH YOU . HE DOES N'T REALLY THINK FITTY CENT IS A TALENTED HOMEY . HE 'S JOKING AROUND TO MAKE HIS POINT.I just do n't understand it . So many people have criticized MTV Rocks on different reviews ... the guy 's obviously joking around ! Am I really the only one who sees this ?
 ok , this guy talks about how tough he is and how he would shoot someone and then is seen with a bulletproof vest and a bunch of body guards ? hmm ... i 've listened to this entire album -LRB- downloaded -RRB- and i swear i wasted a precious 70 minutes of my life ... i tried liking this , but i just could n't ... and that song , gatman and robin ... JEEEESSUUUSS thats annoying , i could n't bare to listen a minute of this song ... he disses people and causes beef to get attention , just like a little child . . and all the girls who love this guy , do you really listen to what he says about females ?? seriously ... this is just another rapper out there to appeal to upper-middle class white/black/asian / hispanic kids who sit and listen to other rappers like him , think they 're cool and then make a little wannabe gang of their own because the famous people on MTV and BET say gangs are coolDO NOT BUY THIS , THIS IS ANOTHER RAPPER WHO GIVES RAP A BAD NAMEand you wonder why white parents hate rap and are ashamed of their kids who like it
 After Get Rich or Die Tryin I was expecting something really good from this fool but I was disapointed big time . The first time I even heard the cd be played I was at the homies house and he started playing it and he danced his ass off to it . . i was like `` what the hell is wrong with you ? this aint 50 cent ! '' i really was hoping it wasnt but it was . and thank God i didnt pay for the cd . even tho i hated the first song i heard i still wanted to at least give it a chance . . so i just allowed it to play through all the way in my car . . lyrics are just horrible . there are a few decent songs . . i guess . . for this album it will take some time for me to kinda `` adapt '' to it . i dont recommend buying it thats for sure , burn it or sumthin , plz dont waste ur money on it . If you want somethin tight then get The Game , i bang that everyday .
 TERRIBLE ... 50 is the worst rapper to date ... 50 thinks he is the greatest thing since g strings and tries to start unnessecary battles that we dont need anymore ... just to let you know JADAKISS will kill 50 in a battle ... HANDSDOWN !!!! 50 IS trying sooo friggin hard to be ja rule it does not make sense ... and who does he think he is for runnin THE GAME out of g unit ... basically in a nutshell ... 50 is diggin his own grave he thinks he is invisible now ... just wait his downfall is not too far in the future ...
 luckily i got this as a gift cause if i wouldve bought it i wouldve wasted my money.the only good songs were ` im gon na die tonight '' `` gatman and robbin '' and `` outta control '' and `` hate it or love it remix '' if you wan na buy a 50 cent album , then get get rich or die tryin.i like 50 but this album was trash .
 I do n't really want to waste my time explaining this album because it already has been said a million times ... but I 'm going to do it . I listen to rock , alternative-metal , heavy metal , death metal ... any type of metal or rock . I mostly put rap on the pay me no mind list , but there are a few albums I have . First , Public Enemy 's `` It Takes A Nation Of Millions to Hold Us Back '' and a few Beastie Boys albums . I kind of like 2Pac , too . But beside that , I have no interest in rap.Now the difference between Public Enemy and 50 Cent is one thing . Well ... talent and creativity . Bands from the 90 's like Public Enemy and Rage Against the Machine -LRB- metal with a rapper -RRB- sang about politics and something that means something . 50 Cent and all the other rappers today rap about their bitches and ho 's , their glock 9 's and gang loyalty . At the current state of America I can write two full albums ... but these guys have no creativity and no talent either.So when I first heard some songs from The Massacre , `` Just A Lil Bit '' , `` Candy Shop '' and `` Disco Inferno '' , I wanted to shoot myself . Thats how bad they are . 50 Cent took pop to a new extreme in `` Candy Shop '' . Enough with getting laid . He acts like he 's the only one who 's ever touched a women 's ass . Get over yourself . I heard the rest of this album when this guy I work with played the album , and I literally took the CD out and used it as a frisbee into the garbage can . Every song sounds exactly alike , and the only thing 50 Cent raps about is the same old crap in every ... single ... song ... So , if you want to hear the current state of music right now , pop in some 50 Cent , G-Unit , Good Charlotte , Simple Plan , Avril Lavigne , any other rapper who is n't white or shot down -LRB- Even though I do n't like Eminem , I respect him for his talent and creativity -RRB- or any other bubble gum pop music . Whatever happened to the days of good metal music or good rap -LRB- ! -RRB- like Public Enemy , Beastie Boys or Rage Against the Machine ? The good ol days of music sucks because it is overrun by teenyboppers and nu-metal crap -LRB- except System of a Down -RRB- and rappers repeating the same thing over and over again.Now thats off my chest , I feel much better that I spent 5 minutes of my life expressing how I feel about the music world today . I dont have time to list what music to listen to , but what you should not listen to is any band that started in the 2000 's , because every single one of them sucks now . But what would you 14 year old white suburban teenyboppers know about good music ... we got MTV , VH1 , TRL , BET or whatever the hell . You want good music , listen to something beside million dollar rapper with bodyguards thinking he is all gangsta . G-UNIT !!! Do n't you just hate that ... it 's so old .
 alright when i first listened to 50 cent -LRB- which was get rich or die tryin -RRB- i thought he was a alright rapper with tight beats , ok flows , and got dr. dre on his beats , and eminem for support and frienship . i thought he was gon na be a really good rapper . at the time people were always talkin about how tight he was and his flows . so when tha massacre came out i was hella excited to get it . i bought it and 50 cent has 22 songs -LRB- one is the intro -RRB- and they are all tha same to me . same topics , no new ryhmes , same words , and is it me or do i feel he doesnt open his mouth when he raps . let me tell ya this is ABSOLUTE GARBAGE !!!!!!!!! Personally i feel he is ruinin hip hop . I really wished eminem did not sign him . because we have to deal wit g-unit . also all of the g-unit rappers is better than 50 lyrical wise . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE . 50 cent IS REALLY REALLY STUPID . im tryin not to be a hater but he needs to quit and sell shoes . he all talks about SH@# like he will kill people that does good in his hood -LRB- song called in my hood -RRB- so wack . if u want actual good rap , go for tupac -LRB- not his new albumn -RRB- , nas , jay-z , tech n9ne , big L , talib kweli , mos def , run dmc , biggie , lil wayne , ice cube etc goes on and on . just dont get this snitchen B@#$@
 I feel like the kid in Sixth Sense . When 50 first came out , I was could see -LCB- lame artist -RCB- . But no one else saw it . It was like everyone was brainwashed into worshiping 50 but me ! ... Now , the spell seems 2 be wearing off . Everyone 's like '' ... wh ... where am I ? What happened ?! This 50 album is garbage . WRONG . 50 's garbage . Always has been , u just could n't see that . Its funny 2 me though . U might think its immature of me 2 sit here and gloat `` I toldja so '' but I do n't care . Theres others like me out there . That were n't pluged into the 50 cents Matrix that spread across the land . This review is for THEM . Join me in my joy , in watching these pretentious , wannabe , followers wallow over their dissapointment .
 The lirics are worthless , the diss on nas and shyne ai n't S ** t and the beats are simular to his previos album Get rich and die trin ' which a lot betta . Shyne ripped his ass with `` for the record '' and the best he came with was piggy bank . 50 yo ai n't nothin ' but fake G.EM , shoot him in the doom coas this b *** h embarasment.peace and keep it real
 Yo , 50 Cent has half the sense of a Young Buck , a dollar and male deer . Would someone please shine light in the eyes of all these G-unit , Garbage Unit dudes and show them for what they really are , a bunch of fake , half a ** rap charlatans . 50 would n't be so bad if he were consistently garbage but the fact that he actually shines when he wants to is what makes his music an insult to one 's intelligence . The other 50 % of the time he is dumbing down the music Jay-Z style just to get a buck . I mean , come on now when your living in the ` burbs of Connecticut , eating massive amounts of swordfish , drinking only Spring water and hosting the local high school prom , where 's the logic or credibility of making a song like Ski-mask way ? Yo , it would actually seem more logical economically speaking if someone rolled up on 50 Cent and were like `` that G-Unit pendant 's nice , is this what you bought for me . '' Dag yo , what 's up with the synthetic gangster imagery when 50 Cent if he were truly a `` thugged out gansta '' , he 'd actually consent to housing the high school prom off gate , then rob all the decked out graduates-to be and make off with all the prized pearls and jewels of the wan na be prom kings and queens.Yo 50 is fake as the lead in pencils , just graphite , and so 50 Cent is merely graphic , yet totally without any substantiating reason or method to the madness behind the outrageous exploits he presumes will sell forever . My point of speaking of his insult to the intelligentsia of the masses of consumers is when he actually drops garbage all over an album and then produces what has to be a constipated gem in the form of `` Baltimore Love Thing '' . Yo , that jawnt alone is worth a single but guess what , it wo n't be because on the DL , 50 Cent 's garbage unit rhymes and Drugs are big business . You would have to waste $ 15 bucks for one good song and a whole album with only one good song is n't even worth 1 star yet 0.0 is not an option according to the rating system . All y' all 50 Cent fan club members who ca n't wait for the next 50 Cent album or G -LRB- Garbage -RRB- - Unit crappola , tell 50 to make some more conscientious songs like `` Baltimore Love Thing '' that frankly and artfully discuss the dangers and hazards of long term drug use , and that song was about heroin in case 50 Cent at his best went over the heads of some of you narfs.Believe it or not Hip Hop will make a return and the music will cease to be a pit stop and dumping ground for money hungry lucres , wrongfully rebellious well offs , and perverts who ca n't get enough of porn-pop and half-nude to nude nubians shaking their a ** es without discretion , because they have adult video stores for that . Do what you want at home , but the airwaves should be safe for younger kids , they can listen to something like `` Baltimore Love Thing '' but not `` Candy Shop '' . Sure parents should raise their children but the radio you should n't have to deny your kids , especially young girls and daughters . 50 Cent 's music should imbue a little hope , you know . How does that song go , oh yeah , `` Just A Lil Bit '' of hope you know . Do it for the kids 50 , the kids , the kids , the kids .50 Cent 's music is strictly for suburbanite daydreamers trying to rebel against their parents , parents who actually want their kids to succeed in life , rather than proclive to a lifestyle that they were fortunate enough to not have to be born into . As far as those who were born into some rather harsh environments , 50 needs to make some music to provide an alternative to the cycle that they were born in , you know , a little hope . 50 Cent 's music should foster a little hope . As far as hope is concerned , we only need `` Just A Lil Bit '' . The hoods are harsh enough without 50 cent standing on the outside looking in , yo check it , Immortal Technique is coming to take all the garbage out to the curb with his LP `` Middle Passage '' due out this year , check for it and watch the trash fly in the wind . PEACE .
 Guess who 's back ? 50 Cent . And so am I so I can tell the people of America the worst album of 2005 . Last year Ashlee Simpson 's `` Autobiography '' took home honors , and now 50 Cent 's `` The Massacre '' is our new award winner . And for all the gangster suburban teenyboppers who are going to give me a bunch of negative votes when this review will save your life , or at least your music life , unless you commit suicide after spending your hard , earned cash on trash from 50 Cent.I like music . I listen to music acts like Metallica , The Rolling Stones , The Doors , The Who and The Beatles . Also as for modern performers , I like listening to rappers like Nas , Jay-Z , Kanye West and nu-metal acts like System of a Down . Old rap like Public Enemy , Beastie Boys and the fathers of gangsta rap , N.W.A. and Ice Cube . So , this is talented performers . And then along comes this whole little commercial bubble-gum pop-rap like 50 Cent , G-Unit and Twista and all that other garbage . They release albums , get played out on MTV and the radio and become multi-billionaires with bodyguards , cooks and drivers .50 Cent 's `` The Massacre '' is torture . ALl the beats suck . Especially on the hit `` Just A Lil Bit '' , which is quite possibly the worst song written in the last 15 years . `` Disco Inferno '' is a carbon-copy of `` On Fire '' from Lloyd Banks . And then `` Candy Shop '' ... 50 Cent dissed Ja-Rule for making queer , wimpie songs with Ashanti . So he makes a bubble-gum pop song like `` Candy Shop '' with Olivia who has half the talent of Ashanti . The biggest disgrace ever is that 50 Cent ruined Ja-Rule , yet he is copying his exact style which would lead to Ja-Rule 's downfall , which now its 50 Cent 's downfall . Everything else would n't cut it on any other album , and are just filler.Since 2003 's `` Get Rich or Die Tryin ' '' , 50 Cent has completely been hypocritical acting like he is all hard and he is really not because he ai n't shooting or killing anyone lately . Get lost buddy , because maybe a great 2Pac type rapper will come along and show the rap long and put an end to 50 Cent . That will be the day ... as for now , your mission is to show everyone who listens to this some great rap , like Public Enemy or the Beastie Boys . ANd then get them into good rock . So white kids , give me all negative votes , cause you know that this sucks !
 The only thing being massacred here are my ears ! Mr Cent should thank his lucky stars there are so many idiots out there who are prepared to buy this rubbish .
 50 Cent is no big shakes as a rapper , but as a lyricist he 's a disaster . He ca n't do metaphors - at one juncture he claims to have the dancefloor `` hot as a tea kettle '' - and his idea of humour involves referring to fellatio as `` licking the lollipop '' . He ca n't even insult people properly . There 's nothing except a string of cliches so limited that repetition is unavoidable , as evidenced by the opening trio of tracks . In My Hood , on which he threatens to beat someone 's girlfriend up , is followed by This Is 50 , on which he boasts about his arsenal of `` clips '' and `` hollow tips '' ; this precedes I 'm Supposed to Die Tonight , on which he throws caution to the wind and threatens to beat someone 's girlfriend up , then boasts about his arsenal of `` clips '' and `` hollow tips '' . The Massacre sounds like the work of someone for whom music is merely a sideline , a distraction from the serious business of perpetuating a violent , ghoulish side-show . Depressingly , you suspect 50 Cent knows exactly what his audience wants .
 I wrote this song for the 50 man.I 'll hit you with the retard carI ' l see how so far you areI 'll have you quitting all hip-hopKeep quitting 'til you hit the spot -LRB- woah -RRB- You can have it your way , how crappy you do itYou gon ' back that thing up or should i push up on itTemperature lowing , okay lets laugh at youDance floor jam empty , cold as iceI 'll break it down for you now , 50 it 's hardIf you be a moron , haha to badIn the hotel or in the back of the rentalOn the beach or in the park , it 's no wonder nobody loves youGot the crappy stick , I 'm the dreck doctorHave your friends teasin you ` bout how sprung I gotchaI do n't want you to show me how you work it 50Get on top then get to bouncing round like a chicken writerI 'm a 50 hater when it come to this s ** tAfter you work up a sweat you ca n't play with my stickI 'm tryin to explain 50 the best way I canI 'll hate you forever , even if I ca n'tan -LRB- ha ha -RRB- . See how better I am at rapping than 50 cent ?
 Sorry my friends , this is a real review and not fan mail . Yes I know this `` album '' has been out for quite some time , but I just could n't figure out a way to review this without people thinking that I am 50 bashing . `` Get rich or die trying , we thought you were hot . Now the same ni@@a brought us to the Candy Shop '' . Yup , I quoted Game . I do n't really care about their little tiff , but the man has a point . What happened to 50 , a.k.a. Ferrari , a.k.a. f-50 a.k.a the man who blew up without airplay ? I 'm not one of those all underground hip hop fans , but 50 should n't have forgotten about his fans who do n't watch TRL or 106 and park . You killed Ja rules career -LRB- thank Jesus !! -RRB- , and now you are Ja rule . Damn . I do , however like 2 tracks on here , Position of power and This is 50 . Thats about it . Yup , I bought it the day it came out and gave it to my niece 3 days later . Apparently , if you are not 14 and in a training bra , this is not for you . Big dissapointment . Lets hope that the third time is the charm .
 Thanks to people like Curtis `` I been shot 9 times '' Jackson , being a violent , sadistic , drug pushing , woman beating , homophobic , criminal sociopath is now the premiere way to proceed through life . The mere fact that a person like him has such an influence over a young generation is painfully disturbing.Kiddies , let 's face the simple facts here . 50 Cent is a perfect example of the cult of celebrity . His music is played everywhere . He has his own clothing line . He has his own `` gang '' -LRB- sorry , I could n't keep a straight face saying that -RRB- . He 's a household name due to some ingenious PR campaigns which portray him as some sort of poor vagrant who was dealt a few misfortunes in life and now deserves all the accolades afforded unto him . I do n't buy it for a second.Fiddy is as phony as the BS tales he spews . He was shot AT 9 times , but only 3 bullets connected . Why was he shot ? Who knows
 Is this nigga crazy ??? This cd is trash . I got a bootleg of this like in the middle of February and as many times as I 've tried to listen and like this cd I just ca n't . I really do n't believe that so many people gave this album 5 stars . This is the most whack cd I 've heard in a long time . After GRODT I thought he was a decent rapper that just brough it hard with the beats and hooks from that cd . Even on most songs by other artists that featured him , his raps were tight , but man I could n't imagine in a million years that this cd would suck this bad . There 's only about 4 songs on the cd that I actually like , and 2 of them are almost already played out due to the radio . I liked Gatman and Robbin for about a day , but even Em 's verse is weak on that track . From the beginning people said this nigga was a fake and I believe that now . I mean honestly to be such a gangsta , how can you get shot 9 times with no retaliation , the people who shot and stabbed your b * tch A$ $ are gangsta 's not you 50 . And of course the most talked about track `` Piggy Bank '' . This has the worst hook of all time on it , and what he says about the other rappers is on an elementary level . Jada & Nas are way more talented rappers than him . Has he never heard ETHER ?? Nas put Jay-Z to shame on that track and 50 comes with `` This is chess not checkers , these are warning shots . . After your next move I 'll give you what I got '' What the f*ck ??? C'mon if you are gon na come out and diss somebody you come hard do n't come with a taste of what 's to come `` after '' they make a retaliation of the sh*t you put out first . `` How to Rob '' was a funny , but good diss track at best , and Hail Mary -LRB- the best Ja Diss -RRB- would 've been sick if it were n't for that fact that 50 copied Pac 's verses from Against All Odds and the original Hail Mary . He 's all about hype and he 's all about himself . He really got rich and quit tryin to make good music . Eminem rapped with Fat Joe on the lean back remix , so you gon na go against him now too ? He said that if his record sells one copy less than the first record than he considers it a failure . . well even though he may have sold 1.1 mill in 4 days I 'll promise this cd wo n't go 5x platinum . I was riding with a buddy from work to lunch and we were in a Chik-fil-a drive thru . I let him hear the cd because he had n't heard it yet . His honest to God remark about the cd -- `` You ever seen what happens when you put a cd in the microwave ? ... No . . `` You should try it , and start with this cd '' . I could n't stop laughing cuz i thought it was hilarious . Thank God I did n't buy this crap because it aint worth my 10 Nickels . You ever notice how every rapper murders 50 on his own sh*t ... Nas and Jada are gon na have a field day with this . He came down here to Panama City Beach for spring break when he first broke big and I saw him in concert ... That sucked , and I still want my damn $ 35 back from that and it 's 2 years later . On second thought it may have been worth it ONLY because I met some fine A$ $ spring breaker while I was in line before the show and took her home later that night . This just makes me look forward to the new Kanye West Cd , because rap needs a Savior , and he 's the closest thing to helping the rap game in my opinion . All rappers nowadays talk about the same thing . `` I 'll kill you , I drive a benz , bentley , range rover , lexus on 24 's spinning , I got your b * tch in the passenger seat grinning . I got Tv 's in my headrest , I 'll pop a cap in yo chest , I 'm making money b * tch , I 'm f*cking rich , but all my raps still sound like sh*t '' . COME ON PEOPLE , can you belive these idiots get paid millions of dollars to rearrange what 60 other Niggas rapped about on their songs ? This is ridiculous . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I gave this album 2 stars cos it has 2 good songs , Candyshop and Disco Inferno , and both of them have already been released . I couldnt wait for this album to come out , i still play Get Rich a lot cos its a classic album and i was expecting this to be good at least . I think its so bad cos Em and Dre 's influence isnt there as much as it is in Get Rich , for his 1st album Em and Dre had last say on everything and produced a fantastic album , then 50 thought he was the best rapper alive with his 1 good album , decided he was a big boy now and could do it all on his own and produced an album with 2 good songs out of 22 . His lyrics are awful ! They are uninteligent and childish.He slaggs Nas ? Fat Joe , Ja Rule i can understand but Nas took him on tour when he was a nobody , so 50 repays him by slagging him AND his wife ?? I dont know , i just thought it would be better
 This album simple blows . The flow and delivery of the lyrics is a laugh . What makes it worse is that they dont even match the beats.Most of the beats suck , the lyrics arent even up to par , and the chorus kills like 60 % + of the songs . Sorry 50 had something going with Get Rich but now he hit the pavement . Atleast he didnt use Lifes on the Line and Aint Like Me on this CD too like on the last 3 LPs hes dropped .
 If you want to listen to some real 50 Cent go buy Get Rich or Die Tryin ' . This album his pure garbage . I ca n't believe I just wasted my $ 15 on this horrible album . In Da Club was a better single than Disco Inferno and Candy Shop put together . 50 Cent has no flow and the choruses suck . Eminem yet again destroys 50 on his own track , if I was 50 I 'd be embarrassed . He hyped up his album just to sell records , do n't buy into it . Do n't waste your money on this album unless you are a die hard 50 fan or you wo n't like it .
 I heard from some close friends that 50 Cent 's latest album The Massacre was n't all that great , and I really was n't that surprised because I picked up Eminem 's album Encore and , well , if Em delivers a wack album , then there 's really not much hope for anyone else on Shady/Aftermath . As other people have mentioned , a major problem with this album is the production . One reviewer said that more Dr. Dre-produced tracks would have helped the album , but I do n't know about that because Dre does slip in the beat department on here , like on `` Gunz Come Out '' . And although I never actually heard the remix of `` Outta Control '' with Mobb Deep , I 'm not sure I want to because the regular version is bad enough already , especially because the beat sounds like a bad reworking of Busta Rhymes ' `` Fire '' -LRB- and THAT was a bad beat to begin with -RRB- . Hi-Tek also slips on `` Ryder Music '' , whose beat sounds like it came from a drum machine.But the biggest problem of all is the lyrics . As much as I like Get Rich or Die Tryin ' , it 's true that Fiddy never really was THE great lyricist . And that is especially shown on the many female-oriented tracks , especially the two most overrated ones , `` Candy Shop '' -LRB- which used to be called `` Magic Stick '' -RRB- and `` A Baltimore Love Thing '' . What 's really ridiculous about the latter is how the tone of it keeps switching abruptly , not to mention the second verse when it says
 ok , when rapper is hard , stay the **** hard , stop getting soft , a lot of this stuff happenz to rappers i love , like dr. dre , -LRB- still like him , but not as much -RRB- nas , Eminem , didnt stay true to his style , and this list should include few more rappers , i just can get em of the top of my head , i have no problem with half dollar making records dissin people , making a lot of money with much less talent , w.e , but if on one record u diss someone , dont make a love song the next one , stay hard and gangsta man , wtf is this week **** , be G and be hood , i know for people like two quaters it 's all about money , but atlest try to make half desent tracks , stay dark and project like , like mobb deep and wu-tang
 totally not expected ... well i had high hopes but he gets a one on this one ... . it should definatly be shady over fifty and shady would def not be robin ... this was one of the biggest turnarounds going from get rich or die tryin to this bull ****
 Ok , so I read the reviews in Rolling Stone and on Allmusic . And I set my current scepticism for mainstream hip hop aside for a moment . But this CD is basically a shoddy retread of `` Get Rich . '' The songs are less inspired and free of any really decent hooks . Two years gone by and 50 has n't gone anywhere . Like the Game 's Documentary , this was a disappointment . I could get a hint of how much longer 50 Cent will be a household name . How much of the same crap can even the ` check out my ringtone crowd ' listen to . Unlike his bidnis-patna Eminem , 50 's delivery is static and boring . It 's a challenge to listen to 50 mumble his way through 22 never-ending tracks . Every song is so predictibly boring it 's painful to listen to . Oh yeah , Candy Shop ? I was sick of it when it was called Magic Stick last year.Also , I have to bring this up , but what is the problem with mainstream rap cover art ? Why is EVERY album a picture of the artist and that 's it . Are these people trying to blend in with each other ? No wonder everybody downloads . There 's very little in hip hop worth owning.That said , Gatman and Robbin ' is decent and the last track , Hate it or Love it , is worthy of mention . The album bumps but it begs the question
 I consider myself , and all others that know me would call me a `` true '' hip-hop aficionado , so I am able to know good true hip hop , to what is bad hip hop , to what is not hip hop . This album is not hip hop in any way , shape or form . Now most would call me a hater , and that is something that I have come to accept because I look at hip hop from a totally different perspective than most . For one , this album does nothing for the forward progression and resurrection of the art of hip hop , it 's actually regressing and sending it into a state of further depression . This album lacks any depth , concept , or point . 50 's vacuous lyrics , constant rants of how shiny his rims are , how much money and shine he has , how he robs people , and yadda yadda yadda makes as much sense as Ray Charles buying a new pair of reading glasses . I have never been more upset listening to something in my life . I would n't even call this music . This album is doing nothing but digging us further into a state of ignorant bliss that we wo n't be getting out of for a while . Such a shame that such good production was wasted on such meaningless garbage lyrics . They are n't even lyrics . This album was the biggest waste of time in my life . As El-P from Company Flow said `` I 'd rather be mouth f *** ed by Nazis unconscious '' before I listen to this . Amazon , you need to come up with a new rating systems that includes negatives . Hip Hop is dying because of albums and artists like 50 .
 50 Cent got a second wind a couple years back with `` In Da Club '' which was Catchy & worked . but He trys so hard here to re-capture the magic & falls flat.He got sucked into the Eminem/Dr . Dre Lab Formula & it takes it 's toll on his creativity here . He is n't able to drop that one cut that you go now this is gon na be the cornerstone of the Album.instead of finding a 50 cent piece this Cat goes digging into the Penny Jar & finds nothing but Lemons that are dated & tired.this Cat is selling off Wolf Tickets , Hype & Association more than on his own Skills . 50 understands how to work a Hook & do something catchy , but He ai n't making nothing that moves me .
 Unfortunately 50 aint come up with anything better then the previous album the last album was s $ `` t as it was and this has taken crap to another level ha ha !!!
 I WISH I COULD PLACE A -5 STARS BECAUSE THIS CD IS STRAIT GARBAGE . ID RATHER LISTEN TO KELLY CLARKSON INSTEAD OF THIS CRAP !!! ITS A GOOD THING THE GAME IS OUT OF THE GAY-UNIT HE 'S BETTER OFF GOING SOLO .
 U want Candy Shop ? I AM the Candy shop ! This album sucks . I mean , I know rap is horrible anyway , but does 50 cent really have to add another horrible album to his collection ?? You want REAL music , get yerself some Alice In Chains .
 This cd do n't even compare to Get Rich Or Die Trying . He say its better and Tony Yayo say its 10x better than the 1st one too . That 's why all the stuff happened to hype it up like they did the first cd and it worked . But this cd is WEAK so do n't waste your time or money .
 50 is/was my fav rapper , now hes acting like a lil baby . He kicked the game out of G-unit just cuz he doesnt want to be involved in 50s beefs ... which is just about every single person in rap . Hes now the cockiest person ive ever heard . This cd is no where near Get rich or die trien . Gatman and robin with eminem is the best song on the whole cd , and even in that song 50 makes it very clear that hes the best and he cant be killed cuz hes the best . He also needs to learn that there is more to life than ice , drugs , guns and hoes that all he talks about and in the rap game these subjects are kind of worn out
 50 cent needs to stop trying to be Dr.Phil & Make Music.dude spent a good chunk of the past few years dissing Ja Rule & look at whose Blue-Print he is Following ?? 50 cent is a Marginal Rapper with tired Beats on this Disc.throwing in Videos to alot of tired songs ai n't ease the wackness of the disc . `` Outta Control '' is tight but after that forget about it .
 Just listen to this , this is garbage !!! do n't waste your money on it ! download the damn thing off the internet if your curious to find out how bad this actually is ! Man I put it in my cd player , I got through 2 songs with excrutiating pain , rolled down the window and tossed it ! Lyrics are worse than Camron ! Sounds like he made the whole album high and drunk out his mind , cuz if he thinks this will massacre anything , then he must be CRAZY !!!! If there was a zero stars option , this would definately get it . Giving this album away for free should be illegal !
 it 's like he 's saying `` buy my cd or i 'll blow your fgdfging head off.he gets his fame only off of his image and contact with eminem . and his image says ` im cool cuz i survived the streets ' . well he was a drug dealer and gangster , he 'd be cooler if he found a smarter way of surviving .
 LISTEN UP PEOPLE !!!!! This entire week you can go to MTV.com and preview the ENTIRE cd on `` the Leak '' . I implore you to do so . This cd is weak AT BEST ! The tracks `` I 'm Supposed To Live Tonight '' , `` Disco Inferno '' , and `` Hate It Or Love It -LRB- G Unit Remix -RRB- '' are the only songs that you might want to hear more than once . I 'm not a hater of 50 cent . I believe he 's talented artist , but this cd was just a waste of his time and , if you purchase it , your money .
 This album really was properly titled the massacre . That pretty much summed up the experience . The more I hear this idiot stumble over his words like a 90 year old stroke victim , the more I wana vomit . I ca n't believe this -LSB- ... -RSB- is selling . I would like to thank todays youth for allowing `` music '' like this to stick around . It shows how true music is losing its grasp in today 's society . This is why I do n't listen to any rap made after the mid 90 's .
 Just read the title . Ok when he first came out with `` Get Rich or Die Trying '' I admit I kinda liked a few of the songs . Not that they had any real meaning . The lyrics were n't anything we have n't heard before , but it was catchy . You know kinda like a jingle from a commercial . Now it 's going way too far ! Every freakin song I hear on the radio is 50 cent . All the beats sound the same with all the same lame hooks . Normally I will forgive a song poor beats as long as it has good lyrical content , but there is absolutely NOTHING salvageable about this album or his cookie cutter G ~ Unot lackys . Sorry to say but 50 and guys like him are what is wrong with rap today .
 i dont know what is wrong with kids these days . look im a college professor and i teach poetry . rap basically is poetry and i love rap . but come on . im going to say this to everybody they do have to admit . 50 is no true rapper . first of all he made fun of ja rule for singing in his songs.in this album he does the same thing in some of his songs . so what if he got shot 20 times or whatever . i got stabbed by one of my students . he has the worst voice . he cant write any poetry . he is a middle school dropout . 2pac is a good example he actually studied in school and tried hard . i dont get u kids anymore . ive had it.em is not a good example but u can see that he tried hard to get where he is . i have to admit he can be catchy but that does not mean anything . rap is words people . not beat . words . and im black so trust me im right .
 y do ppl like 50 cent he sucks so does rap and the massacre is stupid they call him 50 cent because thats all hes worth dont buy this BS
 I do n't blame him ... I blame his fans . I have to give it to Em and Dr Dre to get a guy like this as big as he is . Pure marketing genius . If a thousand people say something stupid , its still stupid . If 50 says something retarded , we all love it . Go 50 ! Keep raping the masses with your baby lyrics . `` I blame the fans for being dumb enough to feel ya . ''
 STOP believin the shadyaftermath HYPE NO 50 trax dont sounds like pac at all-PAC made POSSITIVE HARDCORE REALALITY RAP - 50 talks about movin BRICKS & buying WHIPS as if all his success came from thatlifestyle-All Im saying is that Pac was a ARTIST a REVOLUTIONARY - 50 cents a ENTERTANTER - I dont hate on snoop dogg that new track w pharrell is FIRE - but snoop is NO PAC and niether is 50 . AS FOR REVOLUTIONARY HIPHOP ARTISTISTS THAT ARE STILL MAKING RECORDS CHECK OUT THE NEW CD REVOLUTIONARY VOL TWO by my man IMMORTAL TECHNIQUE NOW THERE IS SOMEONE WITH SOMETHING TO SAY - PEACE
 I 've never heard such sugary beats and weak lyrics ever . i would give this album 0 stars if i could . if you want to hear true hip hop check atmosphere or murs . peace
 The only real redeeming feature of this otherwise desperately appalling album is ` GET IN MY CAR ' . Ponder on this for a while , 50 Cent took issue with The Game because he was getting left on the side while Dr. Dre was churning out ` The Documentary ' -LRB- a much better album and a fine first commercial release -RRB- . ` The Massacre ' is crap pure and simple , you only have to listen to ` Piggy Bank ' to analyse how badly 50 cent misses Dr. Dre 's magic touch and when Dre dos contribute the lyrics do not reward the fantastic production in fact I found my self ignoring the lyrics completeley and just settling in to the beat -LRB- listen to ` Gunz Come Out ' -RRB- . Scott Storch also puts a dent in the monument of dissapointment that 50 has constructed with ` Candy Shop ' and ` Just A Lil Bit ' but unfortunately it is not enough to enable me to let this album cling to 3 stars . Okay at best .
 I hate Fat Joe , i hate Nas , but when 50 just starts dissing people it 's like he 's got no talent . Get Rich or Die Tryin was exceptional , but now that 50 knows he 's got a crowd he 's releasing this crap.Worst song - Piggybank - completly ripped off from Ja Rule . All 50 does is diss Jadakiss , Fat Joe , Nas and Ja Rule . I dont buy a CD to listen to disses . 0/5Best - Hate It Or Love It -LRB- G-Unit Remix -RRB- - The Game 's version is better . The lyrics are good . 4.5 / 5
 Opposite of his previous work ! Of course I was n't as exited as Get Rich Or Trying Dying to buy the CD for I had a feeling it would be a bad one . Regardless I got the CD and OMG !!! I never knew it would be so bad . This is an album that will make you fall asleep -LRB- a rap album on top of it -RRB- . I would recommend people to listen to the CD b4 buying it .
 i dunt kno wut 50 is doin he comes out with this album that is suppose to be better than get rich or die tryin and defitinley isnt its horrible then he kicks the game out of g-unit its just all horrible
 This is by far the worst album I 've heard . I 'd rather listen to the Ken Kaniff skits off of Em 's albums . This is ridiculous , this is the worse sophomore effort I have ever seen . I think 50 could 've done a lot better . This was a huge disappoitment and I think some of his die hard fans would agree with me . Nice try 50 but you are not good anymore .
 You know , at one time , Dr. Dre was scouting amazing talent like The D.O.C.Now he 's scouting ` talent ' like The Game and 50 Cent.I did n't think it was possible , but Dre is senile at the age of fourty ; hell , what am I talking about ? He must 've been senile to sign Eminem seven odd years ago .
 it is surprising that this piece of crap even sold one copy.this album is a non stop joke and this guy is one of the worst rappers i heard after jay z , flusher and game over.dont think of buying even copy regrettably i cant give this trash less than one star.get led zeppelin 's fourth album instead .
 This was a horrible piece of work . It sounds like he just tried to get the roughest beats he could find , take 15 min . to write a few verses and said hey put it on the album . It was just an all around horrible album and it was boring on top of that . I fell asleep listening to this . The only bring spot is his duet with Olivia on `` So Amazing '' which brings me to my next point . Did n't he just get on Ja Rule for singing with Ashanti yet he goes and does the same thing with Olivia . Well , just know that Ja Rule and Ashanti did it better . You 'd be better off going out and buying his first album again and pretending like he re-released it or something cuz The Massacre is a very good description for this album .
 meaningless pointless no good full of cursing music . need i say more ? if you wan na hear some great music , listen to evanescences album `` fallen . '' damn , now thats some good music
 When you go into that record store you go to , and you see the new 50 Cent album , walk right past it . It 's wack !
 50 cents new album is so bad , i could not believe it to be true . the productions are so bad on this album , he should have just stuck to dre beats . this guy sings more on the album then he raps . that is a big hands down ! in regards to the track `` gatman and robin '' ... . is it me or does eminems verse on that track OUTSHINES 50 's whole album ? 50 used alot of old weak material from his last album ... `` baltimore love '' ... `` im not a genie in a bottle , im in a bag '' lololol what was that about ? this guy is real garbagehe used hot like tea kettle -LRB- couldnt u come up with another comparison to hot ? -RRB- he used `` put a whole in your back '' again ! -LRB- thats getting old now -RRB- piggy bank is garbage ... i dont see how he says he would have rappers running for their lives , how he would shoot them , cut skin with knife ... . the dude has been beefing with ja rule for 4 years and still havnt slaped boxed him . And if you go to riaa.com and check out the platnium status , it shows that 50 cent only went 6 times platnium . . not the 11 that he claims.he says he would have shyne shanked for a few pennies out his piggy bank ... . now why is he talking about it ? and havnt done it yet ? this guy is a phoney . the production is horrible on the album , gatman and robin sounds like patiently waiting beat recycled . overall this album was a dissapointment . i didnt expect much but at the same time i didnt expect it to be this trash .
 First of all I want to get across how full of S #it 50cent is . He talks so much about how many albums he has sold ... ask him again after they count his sales on this one ! He is not even in the same category of rap as Dr.Dre and Eminem . He needs to shut his mouth and go back to selling crack ! Cause that is what he 's smoking!Enough about that ! This album sucks and if I were you I would spend 15 dollars on toilet paper than this !
 i try to get my money but it was too late this album has to be the worst that eva happen on earth since world war 2 that money was my gas money too i 'm thinkin about goin to this kat and get my money bakk i 'll sell it for $ 5 if anyone wan na buy it ...
 Okay , here 's the deal ... when 50 first dropped ` In da Club ' I was impressed . In fact all the singles off ` Get Rich of Die Tryin ' impressed me . To this day the phrase `` what up gangsta '' remains part of my vocabulary . So needless to say I was awaiting 50 's follow-up with moderately high expectations , and that 's what made the complete package such a let down . The single ` Candy Shop ' became a phenomenon , and it was nice to see Olivia come out of hiding -LRB- not like 50 really let her do much -RRB- but other than that the rest of the album is a complete waste . It 's funny how an album boasting 22 tracks with no interludes can produce little to no hits . I 'm sure the radio DJ 's would argue that statement saying that songs like ` Disco Inferno ' and ` Piggy Bank ' got plenty of radio time but that does n't mean anything . With his sophomore album 50 comes off silly , repetitive and simple . The beats are weak , the lyrics are stupid and the content is just the same recycled garbage over and over again . We know you hate every rapper more famous than you , we know you 're incapable of a serious relationship , we know you like sex with as many different women as possible , we know you like to shoot people , you like money -LRB- who does n't -RRB- and you do drugs ... but could n't you think of something , anything else to rap about ? At least he closes the album with ` Hate it or Love It ' featuring the members of G-Unit with some talent .
 This pretentious collection of `` made for radio '' rap is a good indication of the lack of musical invention within . The once thought provoking and lyrically adventerous rhymes of 50 Cent have yet to be found on this album . Offered from the newcomer with fading potential are dirty lymerics of self indulging tripe , sexual deviance , and poor humor . The musical growth rate of 50 Cent can not even be charted . He is treading water in a sea of retarded sexuality and bad poetry .
 I can say I am definitely not a 50 Cent fan , and this CD does very little to change my opinion of his musical talent . I will admit he has great beats on the CD , but still his rapping skills definitely leave some to be desired . I would highly suggest artists such as Jim Jones , Young Buck , and Tru as better new CDs in the gangsta rap genre . Save your money and listen to a friends copy of this CD before buying it , due to some might really like it but i personally feel I could have spent the money on a better CD .
 It is a sad fact but although 50 is definately a better rapper than The Game his album is n't in the league of Game 's . Nor is it close to his first album . Although there is some clever rhymes and flow on some tracks overall it is a mediocre album . Other than the singles we already know tracks worth hearing are Ski Mask Way , Piggybank , Ryder Music and Supposed to die Tonight . Only buy if you are a big 50 fan otherwise you can find something better to spend your Money on .
 I 've tried to listen , I swear ! At first I thought maybe I was n't being open minded , but I came to realise that it was n't me being closed minded , it 's that this so-called artist 's intelligence level is at a sad low in today 's so called music industy . The reviews of the people who like this just proves my point . All of the Gangster slang they use is completely moronic ! Seriously people , talking like a jackass makes you look like an idiot . I wish people would get back to real vocabulary.Ok , back to the music . Is it just me , or is there somebody else out there that can only hear the hooks on this album so many times , until they need therapy ? I 'm convinced that people who like this music form , are either void of all sense of melody and musicianship , or are are trying to fit in with a clique and be accepted by other people that are being fooled in exactly the same way -LRB- most likely the latter -RRB- . Please , if you have any sense of what music is , just listen to this and ask yourself what it is that makes you believe you like it . Do you want drugs ? Do you want a gun ? Do you want illegitimate children?This album is a sad commentary on the decline of the human condition . He 's already stolen enough hard earned money from your parents who work day after day just so they can make you happy and put food on the table . Do n't be tricked by it 's glamour , or it 's popularity . - Zack , 16 years old
 I just ca n't seem to understand what happens to rappers as they move along in their careers . How can you have such grit and intensity on one album , and then turn into an R & B act on the next ? I am extremely disappointed with this 50 Cent album . `` Get Rich Or Die Tryin ' '' was an absolute classic , front to back . And 50 's releases prior to `` Get Rich ... '' were strong lyrically , even if some of the production was weak . But `` The Massacre '' is just straight garbage ! Now I know why I 've always gone back to listening to underground and local hip-hop ... the artists still care about the music . First 50 Cent dates Vivica , now he 's trying to BE like Vivica ... Hollywood ! I hope his soul is worth all the cash ... because the respect that he 's lost with the TRUE fans of rap music can never be replaced . Please America , do n't waste your cash on `` The Massacre . ''
 Have you read `` Scott D. Gribble 's Spotlight Review '' above ? He mensions the beat of `` I do n't need 'em '' is a COMPLETE RIP-OFF of Ghostface 's song `` Metal Lungies '' ! I did n't believe it at first but I checked the amazon.com 30-second sample songs of The Pretty Toney Album and guess what ? This guy is right ! 50 Cent happens to rip-off beats from other songs and claim it as his own ! Unbelievable ! Read the CD Sleeve and it does n't say anything about having permision of using beats from Ghostface 's song . How can 50 do this ? He 's a RIP-OFF-er !!!!!
 he sucks and this album is just nuttin but crap . i think he knows that too . do n't buy it
 Where ? 50 surely does n't know.Here 's a tip for the kids . Work out alot so you can pull your shirt up at odd moments in public , do n't go anywhere without your `` strap '' , piss alot of real rappers off enough to get shot a couple times -LRB- earning you massive street-cred -RRB- and you 've got yourself a genuine 50cent style career.Rap today is not what you see when you turn on MTV , kids . Look to the perimeter where some young people with real things to say are saying them . Get a Non-Prophets album and you 'll see.By the way , `` Gatman and Robin '' ???? Whoa Fifty , do n't hurt 'em . Inspired .
 Go listen to Bone thugz 'n Harmony or N.W.A thats TRUE rap , the way it was supposed to be done and hear , or buy this and be remain a pouser , your choice .
 Boy , oh boy did he just misunderstood Pete `` Snake 's '' view on Rap music , thinking that he hates ALL Rap in general . Did you not interpret what Pete said that he likes Old School Rap like Public Enemy and KRS-One ? Please , if you are going to mistake him as a complete Rap hater , go wallow yourself in shame for being an ignorant moron . Also , Death Metal is NOT garbage , so shut up and let us listen to what we like.Now , back to this CD . I agree with the majority of those who hate 50 's CDs . He is the most overrated and untalented rapper ever and his Garbage-Unit is the most untalented rap group in the Rap world as well . All he does is diss other artists , though he disses most of the other untalented rappers as well -LRB- e.g. Jay-Z -RRB- . This CD exemplifies the fact that this is not a true Rap record , it is all wack -LRB- had to say that -RRB- . 50 has been shot nine times and yet he still lives ?! How can anyone sustain nine such gunshots and still make it out alive is clearly beyond me . 50 is not hardcore nor is he a `` gangsta . '' He is more of a `` wanksta '' if you ask me and other smart Rap listeners . I hope that if 50 gets shot for the tenth time , he better die along with his music because that pathetic excuse for a rapper ca n't even flow.In fact , 98 % of today 's Rap is clearly garbage . The only reason why 2 % of today 's Rap is good is that there are very few of these artists that truly go with the flow . These artists are Jurassic 5 , Deltron 3030 , Aesop Rock , and Atmosphere to name a few . But the REAL good Rap/Hip-Hop is Old School stuff . Public Enemy , KRS-One , Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five , and De La Soul are examples . I recommend getting these CDs from these kind of rappers.P.S . I listen to more of the Metal stuff but , like I said , if I want to hear AUTHENTIC Rap , it has got to be Old School stuff . And here is a song line from Public Enemy : `` Some say I never heard of ` ya . A rap burglar , false media . We do n't need it , do we ? It 's fake that 's what it be to ` ya , dig me ? Do n't believe the hype ... `` Public Enemy - Do n't Believe The Hype
 this cd was n`t good it only had a couple of good songs but bad production , dre only produced 3 songs.the only good songs are in my hood , and i ` m supposed to dye tonight.He also tryied too hard to diss nas i dont care about ja , jada or fat joe but he is not on nas ` level what was he thinking . NOT SMARTDO N`T BUY THIS CD BUY THE DOCUMENTARY BETTER OR STRAIGHT OUTTA CA$ HVILLE
 i expected this cd to not be as nice as any of the other stuff 50 's put out , but idk this cd was exceptionally whack ... just way too long and everything on it was filler ... a few stand out tracks , but nothing to spend 15 bills on . but what 's sad is this is gon na go about 5x platinum and some cats are gon na still say it was the best release of 2005
 its garbage ! , anybody who buys this album needs to go get their head checked out !
 Anyone fool who did n't learn from Gay-Z about tryin ' to diss KING NASIR should automatically get 0 stars from attempting that garbage `` swinebank '' . Joey Crack and the Kiss of Death are going to have fun running this wanksta into the mud . Nas , relax they got you . ILL WILL , TS and D-BLOCK ! -LRB- it 's murda -RRB-
 I dont know why people expect anything good out of these rappers . They are here for one purpose and one purpose only and that is to get rich . Hip-Hop is being exploited and it 's become the new age hustle . If you are out to make fast money then Hip-Hop is the best and safest way to get rich . People have realized that it no longer take much to get rich in the music business . The heart & soul that artists use to put into their music no longer exist anymore , we have a very limited amount of those and they are always pushed aside for crap like this . Everytime people go out and spend money on artists like 50 Cent , they come back disappointed , unless you like garbage because I honestly cant see someone who has love for music to enjoy this . Congratulations on yet another artist who is helping destroy something created by his own people .
 Hmmmmmm another rapper falls victum to fame . No longer real , realeasing rubbish such as ` candy shop ' and selling albums just so people can hear ' piggy bank ' a primative diss . If anyone now bothered to respond 50 cent would be verbally raped , with Nas and Jay Z spittin such good disses 50 looks like a small child.For a real diss try clickety clank - Sheek Louch -LRB- of D Block -RRB- 50 cent is only big becuase of his ` friends ' , dre and eminem , they have manufactured G-Unit into a band bringing in The Game and olivia . From this album we can see how ` manufactured ' 50 cent is , with corny and cheap tracks.You either hate it or love it ... u either hate it becuase you have comman sense or you love it becuase you are up 50 cents arse -LRB- ass 4 u americans -RRB- .
 When I heard that our hero 50Cent was collaborating with ex Anthrax singer Joey Belladonna I new that he was in for some trouble . Stylistically this album is a total departure from Fifties hard culturally inspired background and when he tries to up the dose on tracks like `` This is Fifty '' he really dooms himself with his scary rapping peers who will be waiting after his shows fully equipped with hardware . Fans may ask what happened ? well letting Mr. Belladonna adjust the beats tempos here and there spelled disaster ... things could have been different but tracks like `` Get in My Car '' really wear you down with their metaphorical jargon about lost puppies looking for their old Judas Priest albums . Hey I 'm a huge fan of great rap but geeeez what happened to the old Fifty who wrote great songs like `` In the Club '' I guess we 'll have to wait for the next album and hope that Fifty can produce some great stuff without that falsetto whining moron Belladonna .
 am I even wasting my time writing a review for this trash . Does he know anything else than guns , dissing Vivica -LRB- which makes no cents , ooops sense -RRB- . Time for him to put the mic down , go to school and get his diploma first ! I am soooo disappointed in this cd , i 'm not even going to sell it to someone else to listen to it . As a matter of fact , ... , did you here the crack , that actually was the actual cd . No , I really broke it !
 All that sh*t talking and nothing to back it up . I thought for sure all the hype about this albumn that this was going to be another classic . WRONG . `` Get Rich Or Die Trying '' was it . 50 , in my opinion rushed this one . he helped put out The Games cd at the same time he was trying to do his thing and his own CD flopped . This CD could have been 10X 's better than what it is . This sounds more like mix tape material , not his real stuff . 50 , I 'm disappointed !!!! what a dissapointment to everyone !!!!
 Man , and I thought 50 Cent was good . `` Get Rich Or Die Tryin ' '' was a great album and that 's why it was recognized as the best album of 2003 . But this year he fell low on `` The Massacre . '' Bad rapping and ugly beats makes this album the most dissapointing album of the year . Bareley on his sophomore album and he already claims , `` When my CD 's drop , they sell the best , '' or `` My s ** t sold 11 mil ... I 'm rich as hell . '' Wait till your other album drop , see how they sell ! And you guys bought 4 million copies of this `` Trash '' and still support this guy making more trash . How dare y' all ! Did you know that this rapper do n't do nothing with the money , he just keeps it to himself and claims `` I 'm rich ! Ha ! Ha ! '' 50 Cent used to be cool but ever since he dropped The Game from G-Unit , the group has been falling apart . The Game was the savior of G-Unit , he could rap way better than 50 Cent . I hope he gets his revenge on G-Unit . If you guys think this is the greatest album ever then you guys have n't heard Hip Hop . Y' all idiots and stupid.Let me talk about the tracks fromthis album :1 -RRB- Intro - What the hell is this ?! `` Happy Valentine 's Day ?! '' Now , I know this album was going to be released on February but he could 've change the intro . See , he did n't bother to do that . And the shooting part is just sad .2 -RRB- In My Hood - In the beginning his rap is WEAK ! Weak let me tell you ! You can hardly hear what he 's saying . His voice is weak . His flow is weak ! The beat 's okay but it 's him that kills it .3 -RRB- This is 50 - What the hell ! One of the most weakest songs I ever heard . The beat 's awful and so as his flow .4 -RRB- I 'm Supposed to Die Tonight - At last a desen track . I give this track some credit .5 -RRB- Piggy Bank - This is the worst diss track ever . 50 ca n't diss . He talks s ** t about rappers who has been in the game way longer than he has and these rappers knows a lot about the game . Nas , Jadakiss , and JaRule are better rappers than 50 Cent . He 's stupid let me tell you . Wait till these rappers get back at him .6 -RRB- Gatman & Robbin ft. Eminem - Another cool track you could listen to .7 -RRB- Candy Shop ft. Olivia from G-Unit - The 1st single of the album . I did n't feel this song at all . I do n't know why is song was at the top of the chart .8 -RRB- Outta Control - Another cool club banger .9 -RRB- Get In My Car - What kind of song is this ? Cars ?! Calling women `` B ** ches ?! '' Stupid .10 -RRB- Ski Mask Way - ???????????????????? 11 -RRB- A Baltimore Love Thing - Not a love song let me tell you . It 's about heroin and getting addicted to it .12 -RRB- Ryder Music - ????????????????????? 13 -RRB- Disco Inferno - 2nd Single . This song used to be cool but then it just got lame .14 -RRB- Just A Lil ' Bit - 3rd Single . I do n't know why you guys love this song ! It 's lame ! I do n't feel it . The beat is awful and his rap is even worst ! 15 -RRB- Gunz Come Out - A song about guns . Yeah , very original .16 -RRB- My Toy Soldier ft. Tony Yayo from G-Unit - Perhaps the worst song of the whole album . This songs just falls apart or something .17 -RRB- Position of Power - ?????????????????????????? 18 -RRB- Build You Up ft. Jamie Foxx - ???????????????????? 19 -RRB- God Gave Me Style - Another good track you can listen to . I just do n't like the part when he says his CD 's sells the best and that no one can break it down like him .20 -RRB- So Amaizing ft. Olivia from G-Unit - What ??? A girls ' song ? I thought he HATE IT THEM ! 21 -RRB- I Do n't Need 'Em - 1 min of blabber talk and the other minute just pure instrumental .22 -RRB- Hate it or Love it -LRB- Remix -RRB- ft. G-Unit - Simply the best song of the whole album . Period.Not many good songs are in this but there 's some . This is more like a 2-star album then 5 . I 'm just dissapointed that 50 Cent sink low and perhaps will still sink even lower . Terrible . And you guys him . That 's your problem , not mine . If you do n't agree with me , go ahead . I really do n't care.If you want to hear the best album of 2005 then get : Be from Common . I guarantee this CD will never want to come out of your player .
 First off , why to people who do n't like rap keep reviewing this album , if you do n't want to share opinons or advise buyers , get lost . As no one cares about Dying Fetus , or Dead Lamb or whatever your rubbishy rock/metal/garbage / lot of indecipharable noise is called .50 's first attempt at an album was weak , there 's no denying that , -LRB- ido n't care if it did sell a squillion records or whatever -RRB- it was still weak . However there was maybe a little tiny miniscule glimmer of hope that maybe 50 could follow it up with an acceptable album . He did n't . This album has got to be the worst i have ever heard , it is a joke at it 's core , the thing could be one really long boring song about guns , with one really bad annoying beat . There really is n't a single memorable song on the whole album , the much hyped diss song aimed at most everyone is pathetic . I heard someone use the word venom to describe 50 's insults , i 'd say lemonade is closer to the truth . Compared to Shyne 's For The Record , Jadakiss 's Checkmate , Fat Joe 's My 44 , and undoubtably Nas 's reply , it 's laughable.People are always complaining that Ja Rule is the one bringing down rap music , and will i have to shake my head at offerings such as Mesmerise and Always On Time . They 're a hell of a lot more enjoyable than 50 's boring as sin Candy Shop or Just A Lil Bit . That guy ca n't tell the difference between love and sex , his songs are just promises to get the more ice in return for sex . AT least Ja showed a sensitive side.Anyone who knows anything about Hip hop will remember Tupac 's song When Thugs Cry , or Biggie 's Suicidal Thoughts , 50 should take note , even if he is the worlds biggest scariest meaniest gangsta , he can still open up . He seems uncomfortable when he gets off of the subject of guns , and unable to talk about any emotion apart from lust and anger.And before you accuse me of it , i 'm not a hater , i try and find good points in every artist , and will own up to owning and enjoying all of Ja 's albums , i 've got some of Nelly 's albums , I 'm a massive Jay-Z fan , hell i even bought a Chingy album once -LRB- though i ca n't remember why-cos it 's s ** t -RRB- . So i 'm not sitting here saying 50 's to pop for me , or i 'm too deep and clever to enjoy his music . He 's just very very boring.His flow is weak and cracks as though he 's going through puberty.His lyrics are just pathetic , could he rhyme HOOD and GOOD together any more times if he tried ?? Most of the beats on the album are annoying at best.He has absoultly no charisma , and is probably the most easily hated person in the world , as he is a horrible person , who really makes you want to punch him in the face.He has no presence , when someone like Hov is rapping you know about it , you 're capitavted , by 50 you are just bored.He is n't a gangsta , if i got shot 9 times would that make me a gangsta ? In the words of Shyne , he keeps getting struck , but do n't ever strike.Why does a feared gangsta spend 30,000 a day on a security , drive around in a bullet proff humvee and wear a bullet proof vest.Why does he feel that taking off his shirt at every single oppurtunity will make him a great rapper?Why do girls like him when he is pug ugly?Why do people buy his crappy clothing line which does n't even look attractive , sticking pictures of guns and bombs on your clothes does n't make them look good.Why do heavy metal fans keep reviwing rap albums they do n't like and know they wo n't ? -LRB- I 'll do the same to a Rotting Fetus album in a minute -RRB-
 The first album was so hot that he could n't back it up wit another . This album was so garbage that when I first bought it , I gave it away to a junky the same day . The production was wack , lyrics was pittyful , and the hooks were messed up . He only has three songs worth listening to . Thats Bad ! And he has the nerves to diss the The Game . Do n't be mad because he hot and you not . Stop cryin like Ja Rule and make good music . Who you gon dog next Banks & Buck . Slow Ya Roll buddy & rethink ya whole future . Ya feel me . Its Beezly folk !
 I 'm not a big fan of rap as the only rappers I really like consistantly today are Eminem , 50 Cent , Ludacris , and Dr. Dre.However , while `` Get Rich or Die Trying '' was one of my favorite albums over the last few years , this album is a HUGE disappointment . Maybe its just me but this is completely different then `` Get Rich or Die Trying . '' I turned the CD on to give it a listen through today and by track 16 I literally feel asleep I was so turned off by it . There is only like one uptempo song on the entire CD and thats `` Disco Inferno . '' Only two good songs on it and thats Candy Shop and Disco Inferno , which get old real fast -LRB- does n't help that radio overplays them -RRB- . I consider the rest of the CD to qualify as crap tracks on `` Get Rich or Die Trying , '' which did n't hardly have any crap tracks . The closest song I come to liking is the one with Eminem and other than Eminem 's part that song is trash too.I seriously do n't recommend this album if your thinking hes anything on it like `` Get Rich or Die Trying . '' He has great skill and potential , but I think he rushed this album .
 I will admit , I did like 50 Cent when he first came upon the scene . I mean , the people got to admit , when we heard `` Wanksta '' the first time , or even `` In Da Club '' , we were all smittened by him . Once `` Get Rich or Die Tryin ' '' came out , it did sell great amount of units and put 50 on the map . However , he still shadows his producestors -LRB- Dr. Dre & Eminem -RRB- . His beef with Ja Rule became so ridiculous that everyone agreed with him on the fact that Ja was a fake . However , as time passed , 50 became more annoying than anything , jumping on other projects and starting other avenues , such as clothing , sneakers , and the G-Unit Record label . However , he claims that he is not like Ja Rule at all , in any way . But , once I heard `` The Massacre '' , that is exactly what the title stated , a massacre . The album showed no growth in his lyrical ability or his depth . More of the songs were about just partying or shaking @ # $ ! $ , and even throwing up the same stuff that made him famous -LRB- the whole 9 shots to the body , need I say more -RRB- . Not to mention that 50 actually `` harmonizes '' on the records , from `` Disco Inferno '' , to `` Just a Lil ' Bit '' and even the track with Olivia , whick reminded me of Ja Rule and Ashanti . The only plus to the album was the fact that , before the rerelease of the album , that The Game blasted 50 on his own track on `` Hate It or Love It -LRB- Remix -RRB- '' . Not to mention the production from Dr. Dre , Eminem , Scott Sorch , and others were superb , but could n't save this album . Overall , The Massacre is not worth buying , or not even downloading . This does n't even measure up to what `` Get Rich or Die Tryin ' '' sold , or even The Game 's `` The Documentary '' sold . If I were you guys , I would not spend my 15 dollars on this album , unless if you like `` Pop-hip-hop '' , then it is all yours . Damn , it is even bad that I even gave hime two stars for this album , it is not worthy to even get two stars . OOOOOO ! Do n't get me started on G-Unit ! No more comments !
 I remember seeing an ad for this in a magazine , but it was the `` St. Valentine 's Day Massacre , '' which kind of went along with his mob themed shoot and interview in XXL . I ca n't say as I particularly cared , but then I saw the album on shelves a few months later . I do n't know what kind of business move this s % ! # was , but his aesthetic on this b ! % # $ is wacckkkk . Look at the cover ... he looks like he smoked some fake buds , took a phat a ! # stack of steroids , and got a Cleveland steamer from Eminem.Back to the point ; I do n't really understand why our nation picked this guy to be the next new thing in Hip Hop ... I do n't really consider the beats or the rhymes very infectious -LRB- they sound dry , brittle , and very disparate and mismatched along the duration of the album -RRB- . The whole thing just seems kitschy as f % ! # to me , and not in a good way . I mean , honestly ... who elected this #uth ! f ! # % a.I do n't think anybody really made a choice here ... I think the label he 's on and his business practices have forced this record onto shelves -LRB- if you saw this the first day out , it was about 1/4 of the record store in a lot of places ... and I do n't know about where you are , but a lot of places around here this is still sitting there , probably some of the same copies -RRB- . If everybody who thought they were going to buy 50 's joint went for last year 's Masta Killa LP instead , they would either have no luck finding it in the store or about 1 or 2 people might be able to buy it . 50 's shelf presence is so much that he constitutes half of the Hip Hop section.His marketing campaign is built on the premise of his first record , and that what he 's done with that is brought a kind of bravado to the top 40 that made people who did n't give a f ! % # before start to get into this gangsta ish -LRB- do n't believe me ? talk to somebody who likes 50 and ask them what else they like -RRB- . Releasing those videos ahead of time did n't hurt anything for him , either . It 's all image , but when that image is so ridiculous , I do n't even know what to think . I obviously did n't buy this % # ! # and hope you do n't either . Late .
 Is this rap or britney spears bootlegs ? Do not buy this album it is not worth it . I seen 50 cent in new york and i almost had to shoot him with my glock but the po po were around him cause he scared of fat joe , jadakiss , nas and that song piggy bank was the weakest diss i have ever heard in this industries and fat joes foo foo was way better and funnier .
 50 Cent - The Massacre -LRB- G-Unit , 2005 -RRB- You love to hear the story . MC New Jack drops a great debut album but slips up on his second album . Yes , this is what 's known as the sophomore jinx and it happens to a lot of your favorite rappers
 This is trash and so is every other Modern rap album.I ca n't believe these rappers make so much money for talking!This is n't even considered music . . I would give it 0 stars If I could
 My cousin bought me this abum for my b-day . I listen to this once and gave it away to a friend . It was awful a bumch of stupid mindless songs . I think its funny how 50 Cent manages to make money of this garbage . I give him props for that .
 never heard something this dull before , save u ' r money , right now 50 's just want to be on everybody -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Two years after the huge success of his major label debut , 50 Cent releases his new album . The production is great , but all of the songs sound very similar . The lyrical content is not the best ever either . The album mainly focuses on the things that `` Get Rich Or Die Tryin ' '' focused on
 Aiyo , why do people say that he 's a snitch ? No , for real , I 'm just wondering what the story is . Did he rat out his homeboy or what?Anyway , this crap sells because of Fifty 's marketing genius . The beats are hot , so if you 're a braindead kid who thinks rap consits only of G-unit and Eminem than go get this . Lyrically , there are only 3-4 songs worth listening to -LRB- `` Baltimore Love thing '' , `` when the Guns Come out '' , `` Toy Soldiers '' ... -RRB- . Bu even there his rhymes are awful at places . For example on `` Baltimore Love thing '' on one bar he rhymes only 2 words - `` you '' and `` too '' . Wow , unbelievable lyrical skills , ai n't it?Stick with `` Get Ritch ... '' , it was pretty good.Hit me back on the snitch question .
 I did not like the last album and I definitely do n't like this one.I can not see how a loser like 50 cent has become such a phenomenon.Every person I know regrets ever paying for this album.Please do yourself a favor , and do n't spend even 50 cents on this crap !
 Look at these pathetic 4 to 5 star reviewers , this is a truly dreadful , absolutely idiotic album with 50 doing the same thing that many other rappers have been doing for years , dissing rappers , making pop songs , doing the same old idiotic shtickand what 's more 5-0 says he 's gon na be rap 's king of NY ? , King of NY ? , Please , this guy is a poser and disgrace to NY -LRB- Even though I 'm not from NY -RRB- and the hip hop community and the music industry in general.Yea 5-0 sells alright , that 's because people are stupid for buying this mess .50 has never been talented , not in Power of a Dollar , GRODT -LRB- Although they were some good beats -RRB- and certainly not this oneThis is absolutely one of the year 's worst albums and I Hope that this rapper and his truly dreadful gimmick group -LRB- G-Unot -RRB- will be on vh1 's where are they now in a few years.You 5-0 and G-Unot stans are annoying.Can ' t wait for Nasdaq Jones to expose the real side of 50 and his stupid group.Music Rating
 Screw buying this album . Just download Outta Control -LRB- remix -RRB- for 99 cents and do n't even bother geting this album . If you want 50 cent buy his first CD '' Get Rich or Die Trying '' .
 I am not giving this two stars , just because everyone says 50 sucks . I 'm not going with the corwd , just telling the truth.Obviously , 50 has great producers , but he 's not a great rapper . For instance , So Amazing . Nice beat , bad rapping.Know what I mean ?
 no wonder so many people say rap sucks . 50 makes people think all rap is like his . No wonder he got shot at 9 times people didnt want to listen to his crap on the radio .
 50 is just like totally like soooo totally wack , yo ! Like , 50 , like totally just like is so mad wack , word is like bond !
 This album , and the subsequent success of it , represnts the moral and social break-down of our society . How can we , as individuals of society , allow such a talent-less wannabe rapper become so successful , simply because he was a drug dealer who got shot nine times . Fine , if the music actually had substance , I would understnad , but it simply does n't . The tracks all sound the same , in their profane , mysoginistic and voilent way . 50 cent simply does n't have the interllectual capability to write anything slighlty meaningful or sinifcant , and will hopefully be forgotten with tomorrow 's waste . He is probably the most brain numb rapper out there.A good beat does not justify an album 's existence . This is ghetto trash , which should n't be glorified , or worse , brought into our own homes.For real rap music , with meaning , purchase LIL KIM 's new album ` The Naked Truth ' .
 what can be said about 50 cent that has n't already been said . I 'll try and give it a shot . He used to be underground , which meant he took underground hip hop fans and totally played them like fools . 50 cent is n't hardcore , no matter which way you put it . He tries to grab attention by doing outrageous stuff . Nobody really thinks about gangster rap and gives it thought . Now if 50 were really a gangster , he 'd be dead . Pure and simple . He would not have lived nearly as long as has . Lyrically speaking , I could wipe my ass with TP and put it in a cd player and it would sound better . He ca n't freestyle ladies and gents , he ca n't . I 'm not fans of Nas , Jada , Fat Joe , or any of the other jabberwocky mainstream rappers out there . They talk a lot of talk , but honestly , they ca n't do their job . I do n't know how they can live falsified lives by living by the code of the street , it got old quick . As I said before , 50 cent ca n't freestyle . G-Unit is also the same case . Let 's see them go against someone like Eyedea , Slug , Sage , Murs , Mr. Lif , etc. . They could n't hold a candle to them . The title of this review says 50 cent is rap , this means he 's bad . And you 're also probably asking yourself why do I like Sage and Eyedea and such . The answer is simply this ... rap comes from the pocket , hip hop comes from the soul . Peace .
 Before I heard this cd I was sure it was going to be great . I thought it would be close to the same level as `` Get rich or die trying '' but boy was I wrong . This cd was just plain bad . There is too much emphasis on trying to make another club joint that will be hot like `` In da club '' was . His lyrical skills were never great but the beats in the first album helped . This cd lacks good beats thus his lyrics are lackluster . I certainly do n't recommend you buy this album . Instead you could buy The Documentary which is a way better album .
 50 cent basically embodies everything that is wrong with the world these days when it comes down to music . he proves that selling massive amounts of albums and getting loaded with all kinds of dubious music-awards really does n't have anything to do with any form of musical ability , or creativity for that matter . Just like his previous album , this one is also filled with drowsy , monotonous bores that should pass as ` rappy jazzy'That 's not to say that this music is ` inoffensive ' . For most people it IS inoffensive , just pleasant musical wallpaper that does n't disturb a family dinner or an half an hour of washing the dishes , which declares the ridiculous amount of sales . For me , and thankfully many others who appreciate good music , this music IS offensive . It 's mindnumbingly bland easy listening that does n't even deserve to be labeled as music , but is seen as such , which is an insult . Yes , every song sounds exactly the same as the song before , so why do people spend their hard-earned money on this drivel ? It really has some kind of brainwash-effect
 G-Unot has become the new saying in the hip hop community , and snitching on fellow artists is the new bling bling , 50 has embodied everything that is not true hip hop is not . 50 has based his career on `` beef '' with lesser artists i.e. Ja Rule and murder inc. but when a more talented artist claps back like Shyne or Game 50 can not fire back , and if he does it becomes a laughable track in which he says `` G-Unit '' 10 or more times . Like the reviewer above stated if you want some good NY hip hop get the new Ghostface Killah , or even get some Smif `` N '' Wessun , dont fall for this Corporate hip hop created for suburban white kids .
 Let 's be honest . When a rapper has only hype going for him then an album like this bound to happen . Get Rich Or Die Tryin ' was far from a classic but its the best album 50 's ever made and this one proves it . The biggest flaw of the album is repetition . You 've heard it all before on Get Rich Or Die Tryin so thats a problem . The production is suspect is another problem.The Good
 YOU KNOW WE ALL SAY WHY ARE TEENAGERS THE WAY THEY ARE ... . WELL THIS CD IS A PRIME EXAMPLE . IT TALKS ABOUT GUNS , DRUGS , MURDER , SEX , EVERYTHING I WOULD KEEP MY KID AWAY FROM . I THINK THERE SHOULD BE A LAW AGAINST SAYING WHAT YOU WANT IN MUSIC . IT JUST GETS OUT OF CONTROL .
 Wow , I ca n't believe I almost considering buying this over Alicia Keys ' sophomore album back when I was younger . Sure , Alicia Keys is n't as radio-friendly , offensive or `` gangster '' as 50 Cent , but I can easily appreciate the musicality , substance and personality of her music more than this `` Pop - -LRB- c -RRB- rap -LRB- - tastic -RRB- '' offering from 50 Cent . Long story short , `` The Massacre '' , 50 Cent 's multi-platinum sophomore album , is essentially a `` Get Rich Or Die Tryin ' '' remake.Once again , star-studded producers -LRB- Scott Storch , Eminem , Dr. Dre , etc. -RRB- , pounding beats , addictive hooks , typically narrow subject matter -LRB- misogyny , materialism , etc. -RRB- and 50 Cent 's aggressive rapping delivery are back in full force . And just like before , the guests are kept to a minimum , allowing the spotlight to shine -LRB- or the darkness to fall -RRB- on 50 Cent . There 's long-forgotten R&B ; singer Olivia -LRB- pray to God she sees some kind of stardom this year -RRB- who is employed as the sexy support hook singer on the dreadful single `` Candy Shop '' , a shameless , Scott Storch-produced slab of sleazy come-ons relating to typical sex fantasies and 50 Cent 's physical self -LRB- I 'm not going in-depth , you should know what I mean -RRB- ; her other appearance on `` So Amazing '' , one of many pieces of worthless filler , is no better ; Jamie Foxx completely belittles his own extraordinary singing talents on `` Build You Up '' , a cheesy , literally unbelievable , bulls ** t-feeding ladies joint ; and rapper Tony Yayo sounds as useless as ever on the lacklustre `` My Toy Soldier '' . Thankfully , he strikes gold with Eminem once again on `` Gatman & Robbin '' , which is much like `` Patiently Waiting '' -LRB- from his debut album -RRB- - lacking substance , but lyrically/verbally complex and sonically thrilling , partially because of Eminem 's solid , haunting production.Unfortunately , 50 Cent is n't much better when he 's by himself either . Registering the pitiful `` Piggy Bank '' as a legitimate diss track is insulting in its own self ; the Dr. Dre-produced `` Outta Control '' and the Cool & Dre-co-produced lead single `` Disco Inferno '' are two misogynistic club cuts that put perfectly functional , appealing beats to complete waste ; and practically everything else , especially the Scott Storch-produced , Middle Eastern-inflected third single `` Just A Lil ' Bit '' , fails on nearly every level . The only solo track where 50 Cent really shines is the laid-back `` Ryder Music '' , where Hi-Tek 's R&B - leaning ; production works surprisingly well with 50 Cent 's more laid-back flow and -LRB- partially -RRB- substantial lyrics.In conclusion , 50 Cent and `` The Massacre '' are essentially and structurally the same - you love it or you hate it . In my case , I choose the latter , hands-down . 1 star!Best Tracks : `` Gatman & Robbin '' `` Ryder Music '' `` Hate It Or Love It -LRB- G-Unit Remix -RRB- ''
 The Massacre is wack , it has a few nice beats but a lack of lyrical content ruined it for me ! 50 Cent is a ABC rapper , he 's flow is so basic it is not even funny ! This ignorant fool sings way too much on most tracks . The content on most tracks are basically downgrading women/b * tches , how much more money he has than you -LRB- thanks to ur purchase of this awful CD if you choose to buy it , Window Shoppers -RRB- , how many guns he will shot someone with , how cheap he sells drugs on the street -LRB- ?!?! -RRB- and how to become a hustler aka behind bars . Is n't everyone on the radio rapping about this ? Does 50 Cent set the standard for radio and music televsion?But none the less , I was fooled by the whole G-Unit hype , and wasted $ 10.76 on The Massacre , Never will I play myself again !!! I threw The Massacre in the trash after a few listens . There are far too many Great/Prolific/Innovating artist out there using great word play , punch lines , medaphoars , top notch production/beats/DJing that I rather spend my cashflow on.This fool , 50 Cent , is making a fool out of us consumers when you purchase this crap !!!! If you wan na hear this CD just cut on any music video channel or listen to ur local brainwashing radio stations . This album is a hot mess nothing to be compared to a classic . The whole G-Uint crew is wack . This is just another case of an underground cat gone commerical and the fame has got to his head . I truely believe 50 Cent will lead hiself to his own downfall . Commerical rappers need to be shut down , cuz the fame makes them ALL SUX !! `` Rappers suck , when they spit I doubt 'em , the crap they sing about you wan na slap the -LSB- ... -RSB- out them '' - Danger Doom . `` Question
 As much as 50 cent -LRB- or eminem -RRB- try to act , live , and rap like Pac , they can not come close . 2Pac actually rapped about the issues , and had some deep and inspirational songs aside from angry diss tracks . 50 Cent is just an unrepentant ex-drug dealer who got rich off morons who gave him their $ . He has no depth , no soul , and if he said `` can you feel me ? '' - no , no one can.Avoid at all costs . Grade
 Rap is a disgrace to music , and it takes no talent . `` What R U sayin ' Snake ? Rap iz wayyyyyyyyyyy betta den dat def meddle noize u lyk !!! `` No , rap takes no talent . Seriously , I could be a rapper . All i 'd have to do is look good , say f**k every other line , make rhymes , talk ` gangsta ' and my record will sell millions of copies . However is death metal , a band has members that actually PLAY INSTRUMENTS and write lyrics that mean something ! Let 's compare and contrast , shall we ? 50 Cent lyrics : Lil ' mama show me how you move it , Go ahead put ya back into it , Do ya thang like there aint nothin to it , Shake ... shake ... shake that a ** girl.from disco Inferno.Death lyrics : All the traps are set to confineAll who get in the way of the divineIn sight and in mind of the hypocriteA slave to the curse forever confinedFrom Crystal Mountain.Just read the lyrics and tell me who can write good music .
 With only two or three standout tracks . This album is boring and not nearly as inventive or infectious as Get Rich or Die Trying . This is a real step back for 50 . I hope this album does n't sell . His shootemup bravado grows boring and the only `` deep '' song has been done before . 50 thinks he is as great as mc 's like Jay-Z Biggie Nas & Tupac but pales in comparison . Enjoy your 15 minutes 50 .
 If you dare to purchase this album , beware of the consequences because hell will await you . As a reference let 's say that the ` devil ' is Curtis Jackson A.K.A 50 Cent . Being bad as -LRB- not bad-ass -RRB- , and make music for the money and not for the music , the ` devil ' will get you by screwing over your wisdom and IQ making it less than 20 , you 'll never escape the wrath of 50 Cent ; ever ! So , be with Jesus Christ and he shall bless you at all times . Pray to him and ensure you 're not messing with the ` devil ' or being posessed by the ` devil ' .
 The only reason that this CD deserves any stars , is the fact that it has a few decent beats . On the other hand , this CD is not even half as good as his first CD which was still a heap of garbage . Now he has `` blessed '' us with his life story and a movie to top it . Its too bad that Tupac never got the opportunities that 50 Cent has received . Rap music died with Tupac and it needs someone to revive it . 50 Cent is not the answer to the dying rap music scene . However , he seems to think that he is . I listened to his unreleased CD called `` The Power of the Dollar '' which was never released due to bootlegging . That CD was actually really good . However , the fame got to him . 50 Cent ca n't sell a CD without standing on the front with his shirt off . If sex really does sell , than that may be the only thing that 50 Cent has going for him because his lyrics are n't going to sell his music . God help us all .
 Throughout 2003 , 50 Cent 's `` Get Rich or Die Tryin '' was a welcome break from all the overcomercialized pop albums coming out of `` The Lou '' , such as `` Nellyville '' -LRB- Nelly -RRB- `` Murphy 's Law '' -LRB- Murphy Lee -RRB- and `` Jackpot '' -LRB- Chingy -RRB- . Hailed as the savior of rap , 50 followed it up with a very mediocre effort on G Unit 's 2004 LP `` Beg For Mercy '' , which still had a few good songs . In 2005 , `` Fiddy '' and his G Unot cronies hope to sell alot of clothes , lunchboxes , energy bars , and whatever other licensable items they can get their greedy little fingers on because the G Unit label is more a symbol of musical farce than musical excellence . `` The Massacre '' , in contrast to `` Get Rich or Die Tryin '' is garbage . If you liked that album , you 'll only need a few minutes to realize how bad this one is . 50 Cent now personifies the type of rapper he was apparently going to spare us from 21/2 years ago - an overrated , overmarketed , `` entertainer '' ; with his own clothing line , own energy drink , vitamin water , etcetra . He has become the New York version of Nelly . 50 Cent ca n't rap to save his life and his subjects are all the same -LRB- Yes 50 . We all know you got shot 9 times , and did n't die -RRB- . This was a conscious decision by 50 Cent to become a commercial rapper . He has lost all respect and hopefully he wo n't make more music ; he sucks anyway . Not only are `` Fiddy '' 's musical skills terrible , his actions in dealing with other rappers also create problems , like claiming he wrote The Documentary - an album from a real MC , not a half-assed sellout rapper who keeps speaking on the same bullsh * t . At least Nelly did n't go around starting problems . F*ck G Unit .
 what the f%@k is this ? 50 man what the f%@k is this Sh % t really ! what hapened to you ? most of you wont understand cos u dont know alot about rap but can you remember power of the dollar when 50 was mentored by jam master jay n under trackmasters and nas at columbia that album was a lost classic no doubt about it , get rih or die tryin , was good a little bit of a dissapoint to me afta i heard his hardcore mixtapes and alcums such as POTD and guess who 's back . many men and heat and wanksta are classic gangsta rap songs ! but any way back to the massacre its so weak , piggy bank i dont know how that is claimed as a diss track it is so weak , he disses mobb deep then goes andd signs them 50 is no longa real , he is commercial , i remeber on guess whos back when there was a line , '' all this faggot ass rap goin on / you commercial i 'll hurt you / the drama starts wen ma gun pop and it aint ova til ma heart stops ya heard me '' wel the massacre is pop ! ski mask way , im supposed to die 2nite and god gave me style are good songs . so amazin is a pop duet -LRB- ja rule and ashanti basiccalyy -RRB- a thought 50 hated them songs : S any way u want some realy rap then lisen to some nas , the mans a ledgend , illmatic , it was written , stillmatic and godson ! raekwon , ghostface , pac , big , mobb deep , N.W.A , wu tang clan , eminem early offerings not encore cos that commercial crap too , rap is turnig pop and thers nothin we can do about it . NEW YORK AND CALIFORNIA REAL RAP 1989 - 1996 R.I.P
 This album is proof that 50 was never hiphop . Me personally I never liked him for the simple fact that he has to beef with somebody and whine about getting shot 9 times to sell records . Look at the record label that signed him
 Fitty Cent heard a Nas song , then a 2pac song , then a Jay-Z song , and then he was probably like , `` Wow ! I wan na be just like them ! '' So that 's what he 's doin ' here . He 's jealous . He wants to copy other rappers and then diss them so he thinks he 's better than them . What a total idiot ! He 's got the weakest rap style and he talks ` bout the same pointless topics.Cars , `` Bling Bling '' , ice , clubs , b **** es , guns , and drugs . Those topics should be banned at this point from what rappers can rap . Well , actually , at this point those are the only things anyone is really interested in unless your over 25 . 25 is really the age where anyone really matures , so 50 must be like 19 or something . He needs to probably get some help with coming up with new things to rap about . There 's more to life than those pointless topics I listed above so if he ca n't find anything else to rap about then he needs to back off and let Nas , Tupac , Jay-Z , and pretty much every other rapper take the cake -LRB- Get attention -RRB- instead . I 'm fed up with this buck teeth idiot showing his face everywhere .
 Tsk , Tsk , I have been reading the reviews -LRB- some of them very funny I might add -RRB- and it is amazing to see all the one star ratings . These seem to be coming from all the intelligent people who have actually listened to and analyzed the album for what it truly is -LRB- a total disgrace to rap -RRB- and not the fools who rush to give albumns 5 stars and such based on the artist 's name or what they see on TV . This album to me is a really ridiculous effort by 50 cent . He must have used up all his brain power on the last cd to even put this trash on the market . I heard on MTV that he has plans to release this album with all new songs . Most likely more gangsta violence , gun totting , fake ja rule imitating singing and so on from him . Hope that one flops even worse . I used to like 50 cent when his Get rich or die trying came out but he has shown himself to be an arrogant prick who has no respect for other rappers who are far his superior -LRB- like Jadakiss and Nas -RRB- . He pretends to be Tupac and he is n't even worthy of kissing Tupac 's feet . I must agree with some of the other reviews that state that 50 cent should be shot for the 10th time then the world will be rid of his existence .
 This CD was worse than 50 's `` Get Rich ... '' Jada tells it how it is `` You ai n't get shot again yet , so what 's your second album about ? -LRB- Nothin ' ! -RRB- `` Your raps are pre-school , you made a lot of money , now be cool '' '' ... your new CD is a weed plate '' `` Bunch of love songs , 100 % pure garbage '' `` Just somethin' to break up buds on '' `` You should just sell clothes and sneakers '' `` Cause outta your whole camp your flow 's the weakest ''
 this album proves that mainstream culture has a low iq supporting garbage like this , i do n't need to get into detail why this album is awful , it really does speak for itself . if you want to listen a good rap album check out the new Common CD , thank you .
 Wan na be GANGSTA raper 50 Cent is nothing but garbage he is one of the worst raper i ever heard ad this CD which he claims to be better than the 1st . The Game will pull a 187 and his ass
 It strikes me as odd that the weakest artists seem to get the most attention.Take J-Lo , for example . You have to admit that J-Lo does not have vocal talent , or songwriting abilities -LRB- that 's why she does n't write her own songs -RRB- . Yet she is achieving big success with her second rate singles and albums.Now take 50 Cent . While I do enjoy some rap artists , -LRB- Outkast and some Eminem come to mind while typing -RRB- I feel that when you are rapping , you should have a style of speaking , not just mumbling , what 50 Cent does in all of his songs.The lyrics are also very weak . Disagree with me ? Look up The Beatles , Coldplay , Kate Bush , anybody with talent - look up the lyrics , and compare them to 50 Cent 's -LRB- obviously there 's bad language -RRB- . See the difference?Rap can succeed with excellent beats . However , 50 Cent 's beats are rather dull and unexciting , playing over and over again.As a whole , this is a very poor album which was not enjoyable to listen to .0 / 10 - Terrible
 Wow im amazed some of you havent mentioned some of the other rappers who helped the whole rap concept and made it mainstream . . MC8 , Easy E , Sir mix alot . . -LRB- Kinda -RRB- . . Erase E , Boss Ballin , Too short , DJ Quik , Outkast , salt n pepa , JJ Fad and many more helped paved a way for new artist to create and recreate in some cases these artists masterpieces into something new . Then comes along some crap hole like 50 cent whos awesome marketing team thought up a way to promote him quickly to destroy everything artitst had worked to accomplish . . Every song or album 50 cent produces is another brick fallin from that empire that we call rap . . Every building has its breaking point . . you take away to many bricks it falls . . same with rap you take away all the talent and VOILA its gone . Im dissapointed with rap to date . . I would rather listen to country and them talkin about how they wan na `` Hump a horse . . kill a cowboy '' or something like that . Anyway just my 2 cents .
 This -- first of all -- is not music . Most rap has absolutely no musical value . Second , this filth is playing in the ears of kids everywhere ! Lets review some lyrics , shall we ? `` I 'll let you lick the lollypop , go ` head girl , do n't you stop , keep going 'til you hit the spot . '' What the hell is that ?? You do n't suppose there is some second sexual meaning there , do you ? Maybe some of the AIDS and rape problems in our society can be traced back to moron `` artists '' like this one who include lyrics like this in their albums . I really do n't have anything personally against rap . It 's just that I have never heard of a rap song -LRB- that I can recall -RRB- , that actually had meaning . They all sing about violence or sex . So go ahead and listen to 50 Cent if you want some guy with no brains and no musical talent to sing to you about how his sex was last night . It 's your loss !
 How can people give this 5 stars . Whoever gives this 5 stars has the lamest taste in music , no joke . Just listen to the boring production . Production is half the battle in rap/hip-hop because it has to make up for the fact that rappers usually do n't SING A MELODY . The instrumentals are all horrible , with the exception of the excellent standout track , ` Outta Control ' . The only time I listen to this album is to hear ` Outta Control ' . It 's hot.As for 50 's lyrical ability ... It 's certainly not as good as it was on his debut album . Yes , he took 9 bullets and he deserves to brag all he wants . But that does n't make him an excellent rapper . Why ca n't people distinguish good music from bad music ? If you want to hear EXCELLENT production with good meaningful lyrics , listen to Kanye West or Outkast . However , if you are satisfied with this dull crap , keep buying into it . It 's your decision .
 When will you inner city thugs realize that talking into a microphone over a drum machine is not music . Werd to your mutha yo . Peace in the middle east G money posse . Booyeeeee !!!
 This album sucks it is not worth the price they have on here . It should cost 50 cents just like his name . He is jealous of the game that is y he kicked him out of the gay unit which i am glad cause the game is better then that whole camp . 50 cent should never rap again after this album cause he is fake and a little bitch
 I bought this album back in March , and for the first couple of days , I loved it . Then , after hearing about him removing The Game from his label , plus learning more about his songs , I started to dislike the album . But since then , I still do n't know what to say about it . There is only a handful of songs I like on the album , which are `` GatMan & Robbin , '' `` GunZ Come Out , '' `` Hate it or Love it , '' and `` Piggy Bank . '' The rest I feel were just filler . Also , 50 Cent thinks way too much of himself , thinking he is this big # 1 rapper , and trying to start something with all these other rappers ... it 's just stupid . So , I guess I now know what to say about this album , `` Bootleg it . ''
 There is quite a bit of lackluster things happening right now in hip-hop and it seems like an artist like 50 Cent is ready to capitalize on it because he can . I enjoyed his previous album , his producers are a lot more talented than he is here , and this album DEFINES `` style over substance '' . Where lines on his first album were clever and catchy they are afterthought at best on ` The Massacre ' . Instead of making an artistic statement , 50 would rather make a meaningless album with songs that are either cheesy in the vein of `` Baltimore Love Thing '' or generic sex garbage in the vein of `` Candy Shop '' , which is a re-write of `` Magic Stick '' which he made with Lil ' Kim a couple years ago . Oh , but it 's not the exact same song , so no one will notice . Then there 's crap like materialism , which never really impressed me . Or vile , or name-dropping other artists so that we 'll care . The fact that he made 22 of these songs is near inexcusible . I mean , the beats are great , but there is more than beats . The songs I like are only songs I like because of their beats and not much from 50 's uninteresting flow and lyrics . I say that you could skip this one . He does have backlash but it 's for a very good reason.Even though I say that there 's a lot of flaws , there is also more than a handful of current hip-hop that I would say is a better choice . The Game 's album is better than either of his and look at the other albums Dre produced .
 yeah best album ever made if you like bad music . money goin ' down the drain with this one ...
 Andre Previn is definetely a noteworthy conductor , however he ca n't match the Tchaikovsky insight that Antal Dorati has . This recording seems to lengthen the ballet even more than the almost 3 hours it already is . If you are looking for Sleeping Beauty in a dynamic , clear recoding with 2 jam-packed CD 's for the price of one , I suggested looking for Sleeping Beauty as conducted by Antal Dorati and remastered by RCA . Dorati 's stressed stings , and gutty attack on the music bring out the beauty of the Russian-ness of the ballet . Do n't miss out on a deal like that just because you know the name Previn .
 Sadly , after repeated examination , it indeed appears that the soon-to-be 36-year-old Pratt indeed splices his recordings -- i.e. , he takes the best individual moments he can come up with to achieve superficial result . Personally , I prefer `` honest '' classical musicians when I listen to classical , as is generally the standard , though I suppose there may be those who simply want to hear what they want to hear for whatever reason .
 Strikes me much as eating Chicken McNuggets for Thanksgiving
 This video is just fantastic ; the music is great , and the show has a drive and atmosphere that is just breathtaking ! Buy it and enjoy it !
 This CD reminds of of my family . They left me . Every Christmas I listen to this CD and cry to a box of donuts .
 Sometimes you wonder why certain people decide to put out a Christmas recording . I guess fame at times goes to people 's heads making them believe that since they can act -LRB- or at least somewhat act -RRB- that they can also sing as well . Such is the case with Rosie O'Donnell on her Christmas opus , `` A Rosie Christmas '' . I 'm not sure why they call it `` A Rosie Christmas '' since she does n't really sing much on any of the tracks that are on this holiday compilation . Rosie depends instead on the help of well known artist such as Celine Dion , Cher , Trish Yearwood , Billy Joel , and N'SYNC to bail her out . When she does sing , it 's not good . Take for example the track with her and Cher singing Phil Spectors fun X-mas song `` Christmas -LRB- Baby Please Come Home -RRB- '' . The track itself is really good reminding me of the old Salsoul Orchestra Christmas recordings from the 70 's . However Rosie comes in singing using that effect making her voice sound digitally enhanced the way Cher 's voice did on her recent hit , `` Believe '' . Even with the voice effect which has now been played out already ad nauseum it makes Rosie 's voice even less tolerable . Another disappointing track is Billy Joel singing duet with Rosie on `` Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas '' . Billy does a great job singing this song but when Rosie tries to sing with him it just does n't match . I know . People said that David Bowie and Bing Crosby were from both sides of the spectrum but they at least managed to pull off singing `` Little Drummer Boy '' like old pros.Some tracks you can tell they intentionally drowned out her voice such as in N'SYNC 's `` Love 's In Our Hearts Christmas Day '' and in Trisha Yearwood 's `` Santa on the Rooftop '' . These are the good tracks obviously as well as the ones that do n't have her appearing like Darren Hayes -LRB- Savage Garden -RRB- singing George Michael 's `` Last Christmas '' She messes up some real good tracks with her preaching on the beginning of Lauyrn Hill singing `` The Little Drummer Boy '' which has a good urban feel and on Donny Osmond 's `` Winter Wonderland '' . Some songs are just laughingly embarrassing . such as `` Do You Hear What I Hear '' featuring Elmo and Rosie . It 's not funny because of Elmo , but Rosie has no choice but to feature her `` vocal talents '' . She should have let Elmo take the honors on this track . White Christmas is pretty bad too which Rosie sings with `` Sir '' Elton John which I am sorry to say is not holding out so well either these days . How can you mess up White Christmas?So what am I getting at ? That Rosie should have realized that she should have just let these people just sing and keep her mouth shut ? Perhaps that she should n't have listened to her management when they tell her that she has a singing voice ? Or that perhaps you are better off getting another Christmas CD and only get this for those you hate instead of placing a lump of coal in their Christmas stocking ? You guess .
 I am so glad I did n't buy this cd . A friend did and forced me to listen to it . All of the talent that she has amassed to help her out gets drowned out by her terrible singing here and it is enough to make one depressed . I used to be a big Rosie fan but her Streisand gushing , the Tom Selleck debacle and her continuing personal hypocrisy leaves me out in the cold just like this cd will do to Christmas fans !
 I have to laugh at other reviews giving this 4 & 5 stars-if this is your idea of great holiday music , as well as `` the best Christmas album I 've ever heard '' - I feel so sorry for you ! I used to like Rosie alot , made it a point to watch her show amost daily -LRB- I would tape it when not home -RRB- , then this year I noticed how she tends to get on her soapbox & if you dare to disagree with her views she does n't want to bother with you . Rosie is very full of herself now & after awhile , hearing her talk about herself & her kids , seeing & hearing how she disgustingly fawns over Babs & Tom Cruise , makes you want to barf . I 'm sure , though , that both the cd & her tv special will do extremely well .
 Who in their right mind told her she could sing ? All she can do is tell dirty jokes and talk a lot - A LOT !! Thank goodness it is a CD and not a DVD ! That way , I do n't have to look at her ...
 I only give it 2 stars , the artists are impressive but Rosie drowns them out with her off-key singing . If only she sponsored the album without singing along , it 'd be perfect . Rosie , if you decide to make another holiday cd next year , put your name on it but let the artists sing by themselves . The only saving grace is the money that goes to children 's charity .
 I am sorry , but after hearing this CD at a friends house I ca n't see why anyone would want it . Rosie should stick to her talk show , cause she ca n't sing . There are so many good Christmas CD 's i ca n't see why anyone would buy this even if it is for charity .
 My sister bought this & played it while I was over her house . It was painful to get thru all these songs , that 's how bad they sound . Even with the electronic aid , Rosie makes her guest stars sound bad . Luckily the $ $ $ $ will go to a worthy cause .
 This album only reinforces that fact that Rosie O'Donnell is atalentless , opportunist . What were those artists THINKING ? Do theyreally want to associate with someone who ca n't sing their way out of a paper bag ? This one is so bad it wo n't even be sold on the 1/2 off discount racks in Christmas seasons to come . This should have a zero star rating . Rosie 's show is in the toilet and with singing as bad as this , it is no wonder . Save your money and your nerves ... because this CD is irritating beyond belief !
 I like Rosie alot , and it 's wonderful that she does so much for children and charity , but this album of holiday hits just does n't do it . I looked forward to hearing her duet with Billy Joel on ` Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas ' but was very disappointed , the arrangement is extremely slow & their voices just do n't blend well . And as for ` Christmas -LRB- Baby Please Come Home -RRB- ' , Darlene Love does n't have a thing to worry about , her version is & always will be the best . Rosie , you are terrific but this cd could be alot better . I 'll probably be the lone reviewer with a 1 star rating , but hey , this will still sell millions of copies and it is , after all , for a very worthy cause .
 THIS IS THE WORST CRAP I EVER HEARD !!!!!! WHY DID THE LABEL WASTE THEIR TIME AND MONEY?B - MORE NEEDS TO COME WITH IT !
 Everytime `` Whoa Now '' comes on , I flip the channel . B Rich is a disgrace to hip-hop . I hope he wo n't be around for a while . Look at the album cover , that 's the worst I 've seen . Pack yo bags and B Poor .
 I do n't play the cello , but I imagine that these pieces must be very difficult given that Rostrapovich 's recording is plagued with inaccurate intonation . When listening to this recording I find myself listening for the missed notes -LRB- practically every other one in some pieces -RRB- instead of to the music . In the liner notes Rostrapovich says he believes this to be the greatest music ever written . Unfortunately , the special affinity he has for this music does n't come through in the performance .
 It 's not that he pulls tempi about . It 's just that it is incredibly lifeless and mechanical in many parts , without much phrasing at all . It 's hard to believe that a musician of this distinction could come up with a recording like this . Disappointing .
 When one has listened many times to all of Zappa 's albums , -LRB- well over 70 at last count -RRB- , this one fits comfortably into the average range . It is one of his musically least adventuresome albums -- compared to the musical highpoints of his career , this one is FZ on autopilot . The lyrics are a matter of personal taste , but certainly lack the bite or insightful social or political commentary of his best lyrics . Zappa himself referred to the lyrics of `` Do n't Eat the Yellow Snow '' as `` really stupid '' during a live version on one of the `` You Ca n't Do That On Stage Any More '' albums . `` Apostrophe '' is pleasant , appealing , safe Zappa . The one exception is the title cut , which features some fired up jamming and some seriously intense guitar soloing -- it rises above the pedestrian stuff around it . This may be the Zappa album that most people have heard , but when it came out , serious Zappa fans who had been listening from the beginning dismissed it as a trivial toss off that would hopefully be only an aberration until Zappa got back to his usual standard of quality . It 's certainly a nice thing to have on in the house while you are doing the dishes . There are other Zappa albums which make you drop any dish you are washing and stand there with rapt attention to the music .
 THIS IS THE WORST CRAP I EVER HEARD !!!!!! WHY DID THE LABEL WASTE THEIR TIME AND MONEY?B - MORE NEEDS TO COME WITH IT !
 Everytime `` Whoa Now '' comes on , I flip the channel . B Rich is a disgrace to hip-hop . I hope he wo n't be around for a while . Look at the album cover , that 's the worst I 've seen . Pack yo bags and B Poor .
 I simiply ca n't understand the excitement over this disc ; ... There are many better versions of Mathis der Maler on CD -- some easily found here at Amazon ...
 as much as i wanted to like this disc , this recording is a DUD!atlanta / levi and SFS/Bloomstedt totally outclass this poor project and the sound is pitiful as well . . i 'm bewildered by the positive reiews and my advice to those posters is to go educate yourselves with some other recordings of these profound works of art !!!
 I am missing most of the excitement here . If you think 20th century music should be dull and boring , then this is your CD . Sorry , but this is no match , for say , the latest LA Phil recording under Esa-Pekka Salonen , which just sparkles with energy and `` Drang '' . Just naming one recent example here . Sawallisch makes me fall asleep.A major disappointment . Go where the exitement is
 I swear anything that Lynne touches becomes Cheese . Why must he mess up this recording , Full moon Fever and Trav . Wil . stuff . Everything sounds the same ! And futhermore Harrison never wanted all the production on this . What a fool Lynne is ; he is not and never will be a producer and furthmore ELO blows .
 A very good Harrison disk . The Best so far since ATMP . My Love 2Uawl , Dave
 I have n't heard this CD yet , but after hearing Stuck Inside A Cloud on the radio , I 'm beginning to think that people are afraid to pan the new George Harrison album because he passed away a year ago due to cancer . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm a huge Beatles/Harrison fan . I love most of his Beatles and other solo songs . But this has gone too far . Stuck Inside A Cloud , was a long boring tune . George Harrison was without a doubt a lengendery musician and I was devestated at his passing , but the line 's got to be drawn somewhere .
 George Harrison absolutely LOVED ukulele/Hawaiian music in the last years of his life . It is a shame that he did n't do an entire album of covers as he has the exuberant , buoyant spirit of that genre down perfectly in his cover here of `` Devil and the deep blue sea '' . It is the one irresistably charming element in an otherwise hum-drum set . Most of this album is uninspired and lacks melodic hooks to draw you in . Songs begin , progress , and then end with hardly anything musically noteworthy occurring . Some seem as if they were slapped together quickly and beg for reworking . Yes , I know that George was very ill when he made this . An album should not be given high ratings merely because it is a memento of a dying legend , though .
 Love the Beatles since childhood , of course John and Paul solo , even the occasional Ringo , but George always will have a special place as the unappreciated and vastly under-rated 3rd musical genius of the group . In many ways George was deeper on a spiritual and emotional level , which I believe was best reflected in his music and ability , all the while continuing to stay in the backdrop of Lennon-McCartney . I think both John and Paul consciously and unwittingly each burned this man to their own detriment . I think Paul realized this a bit too late , sadly , and may also regret not having spent a fraction of the time he used up in his downturn periods with John.I have most of George 's work on vinyl , cassette and CD , and my spouse and kids are very well aquainted with the majority of his work , whether they know the titles or not . I was very saddened by his passing , and of course wistful as I had been with John 's passing - because I knew we were being `` robbed '' again of what might still have been to come . So I just had to get his last release , placing it ahead of anything else that might be on my musical wish list . It saddens me to say that I think George , of course knowing his condition and the inevitabile , likely just kind of let go . Maybe it just was a simple release from what he had previously wanted to accomplish , maybe he felt he had nothing left to prove -LRB- too true -RRB- , or maybe he just wanted to express and vent - no frills . Maybe worse , he just did n't have it any more . For me though , it just was n't the George that pierces the heart , mind and soul , that brings one to a deeper appreciation of how profound our relationships are andwhat they should be or make us feel . This was n't the same George , and I will miss him that much more .
 I 'm a Harrison fan . And I ca n't stand this cd , it 's nothing.I prefer to keep playing All Things Must Pass or Dark Horse thank you very much .
 Much has been said about George Harrison 's `` stock '' sound , which began to appear in its completed form around the time of the ` Dark Horse ' sessions . Though some fans of the Beatles I know are driven away from the solo Harrison stock sound , I prefer to accept it and then evaluate Harrison 's work within that framework . The Harrison stock sound is very much evident here , which at this point should not be surprising . Harrison himself conceded once in an interview that his approach to his own material was to be likened to a pair of pants ; pants are what they are , no reason to reinvent `` pants '' in such a manner that they lose their functionality and thus their usefulness and purpose.What did surprise me , however , was the musical flatness of the material , especialy for a project which Harrison must have conceived as his final statement , expecting it would be a posthumous release.The cd is dominated by mid-tempo numbers , all of which occupy undistinguished melodic territory , even in relationship to each other . I knew there was something wrong when I found the best track to be , by far , ` Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea ' , a nice cover of an old standard , but which of course can not be attributed to Harrison 's own writing talents.The album finishes with a homage to Harrison 's long-standing involvement with Eastern mystic religion , fading away with Harrison chanting lines of Krishna , in an obvious attempt to leave the listener his parting thoughts as to what was most important to him in his waning days.Personal document , yes . Distinguished Harrison worthy of his own vast talent , no -- ` Brainwashed ' is a musically flat piece of workwhich I find a weak and disappointing way for George to have gone out . Even Harrison 's lesser-known works such as ` George Harrison ' , and ` Extra Texture ' surpass this one .
 The best thing that can be said about this album is that it will probably be his last . I am a huge Beatles fan , and a huge George fan , but he has not had a really good album since 331/3 , which was over 25 years ago.Perhaps the only thing worse for George 's music than discovering Eastern religion was discovering slide guitar . And Ukulele . And Jeff Lynne . I tried to like this but ca n't . This album is the personification of all that is the WORST of George Harrison 's music . When He sings God God God I 'm crying Damn Damn Damn . Comparing this to Traveling Willburys is not necessarily a compliment.But you know , none of the Beatles has released a decent solo album since John Lennon died . Give me All Things Must Pass . Or better yet , compare this dog with Living in the Material World . Just as preachy , but far more entertaining . If you want to hear GOOD George Harrison , buy the three albums I mentioned here .
 While the music on `` Brainwashed '' is charming -LRB- `` Stuck Inside a Cloud '' an `` Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea '' are highlights -RRB- , the `` extras '' you get in this Special Edition are , in my opinion , hardly worth the extra cash . The DVD contains only 1 track -- a 7-minute `` Behind the Scenes '' look at the making of the record that barely says anything at all . The `` poster '' is small and too delicate to do anything with . The guitar pick is cool , though , but I have other guitar picks . Unless I 'm missing something , I hardly think the Special Edition is worth the extra hard-earned .
 For some reason , Toshiba did not include the 18-track 1997 EMI remaster in this package.Unless you just HAVE TO HAVE this mini-sleeve version , you would be spending 4X for inferior audio and six less tracks .
 I must be crazy but I think that this CD is simply awful ! Maybe it is Kate 's style but this CD to me is about as enjoyable as listening to fingernails on a blackboard . I mean just what in the name of Elisabeth Frazier , Sandra or Sarah Brightman is this woman trying to do ? A real Excederin headache for me .
 CD never arrived . Consider this a loss and a lesson learned . Will not be buying from this vendor again .
 I did not like this cd at all . There was not even one song that I liked.However , given the positive result the cd received , it may just have been my personal taste . I also got her new cds , and did not like those either
 This album always leaves me with mixed feelings . `` Running Up That Hill '' I find tedious and repetitive -LRB- though it 's the best song here -RRB- . The entire first side sounds like an introduction to drum machine programming . To my ears , it gets monotonous . The Big Sky , and to a lesser extent , Cloudbursting suffer from the same drum machine problem . When Kate sings `` Ooh , I just know that something good is going to happen '' I do n't believe her , and the delivery is n't ironic either . And what else is there ? The second side -LRB- The Ninth Wave -RRB- is one disaster after another . Waking the Witch has laughable theatrics ; the dirges on Hello Earth reek of bored composition from a bad Chant album . The deliberate Irish music injections feel out of place . Kate simply sounds out of energy , out of emotive powers . Her delivery in The Morning Fog is flat as the flat -LSB- Hello -RSB- Earth . Compared to The Dreaming or Lionheart or The Kick Inside , this album sounds bored , whiny ... and not fun ... and not interesting .
 I first discovered Kate Bush when she released Lionheart . I can no longer play that old vinyl album , so I thought I would buy it in CD . After logging on and reading the reviews , I decided to by Hounds of Love instead . If it 's better than Lionheart , it must be great . I am very disappointed . She does not display her vocal range on this CD , which was one of the things I originally found fascinating in her music . I did n't find the haunting or varied melodies I expected . And only a few tracks demonstrated her abilities with lyrics . Several of the reviews suggested her music had ` matured ' with this CD . My impression is that she dumbed it down , or made it more generic , to appeal to a wider audience . I 'm going back to Lionheart .
 It is rare to hear a CD that is so perfectly awful as this . This is the kind of CD you give to your girlfriend just before you break up with her . This is the CD you give to the neighbor who continually lets his dog use your back yard as a toilet . Molly Jean was 19 when this was recorded . It was produced by a member of the Volebeats , which enticed me to buy it . It is rare to hear a singer so dreadfully off pitch , occasionally flat , frequently sharp but only about 5 % of the time does she actually come close to hitting a note , even when she writes the songs . This music is like the first American Idol show of the season where Simon laughs at how bad you are and finds funny insults . `` Oxycontin Denim Whore '' is one of Molly 's original songs . Not only is she a very poor singer ; she also is not much of a songwriter . She does a cover of a song called `` Needle in a Haystack '' that I believe was done by a Motown band called the Velvelettes . It has a nice bass line , which is the nicest thing I can find to say about this CD . If you had a cat with their tail in the vacuum cleaner , you might get an idea of the sound . This is an independent release . Molly Jean has made her CD . For reasons now clear to me , very few have bought it . This is one to avoid at all costs unless you are of a perverse musical nature that delights in the banal . I have n't found a CD this dreadful since Ramblin ' Jack Eliott ` sThe Long Ride ; and this is actually worse than that . Molly Jean is pretty young girl . I 'm sure she 'll find something she can do well . Taxi !
 I had seen the Indigo Girls on Jay Leno TV show back in 1994-95 , and they were very good . So recently I decided to purchase their early years DVD `` Live at the Uptown Lounge '' from 1990 . I found it to be a disappointment . There was no back-up band , the two female voices were not as harmonized as in later years , they were dressed poorly , and the sound/picture quality was not as good . The two singers are young and enthusiastic in this DVD concert , as are their audience members . But overall , not worth the purchase price .
 Several covers and return of Toni Visconti make Heathen a worthwhile listen . It is hard to believe anyone who has actually heard early Bowie , would claim this is ` as good or better ' . Every release has people saying hes better than ever , but a year later no one is listening to the same record . His 70s and 80s work , remains influential to this day , though his body of work overall seems out of fashion at the moment.This is pop from a pop genius who long ago lost his muse and inspiration . What remains is servicable pop , and a few excellent tracks to discover among the mire . It is hard to say Bowie ever made a bad album , everything past lets dance , has been at best unimportant , at worst mediocre formula pop .
 As with the Elvis Costello release earlier this year , I once again fell victim to the hype and rushed out to buy Bowie 's new one . What a disappointment . I know it 's almost sacreligious to denounce a Bowie effort , but I just do n't see what all the excitement over Heathen is about . There 's really not one tune on here that hops off like a `` Diamond Dogs '' or `` Golden Years . '' In fact , the Bowie I hear on the radio these days is not Bowie from Heathen but rather Bowie from the early days . This cd is probably playing well with those grasping to hang on to their `` Are n't I cool cuz I listen to Bowie '' mentality that may have meant something in the 70s and early 80s , but it 's over folks . Move on now . Bowie is washed up and Heathen proves it . Am I going to hell now ?
 Tear off your dress and send it to me ! Com ` on David . Your last few CD 's have ****** I wish I could get paid for regressing . Do n't waste your money . Do n't waste your time . I kept trying to find value in this . My wife said forget it .
 Bowie 's newest is one of his least inspiring . Bowie used to be proud of the fact that with each new record , he would start anew ... and not be bound to what came before ... but now , in his sedentary middle-age , he seems content in making a bad reproduction of how he thinks fans want him to sound ... Unfortunately , Heathen sounds more like one of McCartney bad solo efforts -LRB- ie McCartney II -RRB- than The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust ! Bring back TIN MACHINE !!!
 Although `` Heathen '' finds Bowie resorting back to more melodic songwriting styles and just plain better music than he has produced in all the years since 1983 's `` Let 's Dance '' ; I still maintain that he has been artistically `` lost '' after the tuneful 1984 single `` Blue Jean '' . He has been eager to experiment with trends and musical styles that sometimes work -LRB- `` I 'm Afraid of Americans '' -RRB- and more often do not work since his disasterous 1987 LP
 Yes , I must agree with David Cady . This bad habit of producing opera videos with careless post synching is a serious problem about which film producers are remarkably careless . I 've worked in the music and film business all my life and know that this lack of care is simply intolerable and unnecessary . Opera is not a naturalistic medium , and any attempt to make it so by re-setting it out doors , in the wrong acoustic setting -LRB- such as this Boh&egrave;me -RRB- , or acting as if the singers are not singing but in a play , is risible . It is hard to believe that professionals such as Karajan and Zeffirelli should have allowed this to happen . The Domingo/Freni Butterfly is even worse . A great musical performance ruined by an inept video production . Other similar mis-matches would include Glyndebourne 's fabulous Porgy and Bess and the Decca/Solti Bluebeard 's Castle . Horrible post-synching . The list is endless , sadly .
 Despite a sumptuous production -LRB- reminiscent of 1930s Hollywood in many ways -RRB- , I found this `` Boheme '' pretty much DOA from the first note . There is such a profound disconnect between the singers actions and their voices that I found it unwatchable . Did the singers lip-synch to a previously recorded track ? Or did they dub the vocals after having shot the film ? Either way , it makes for a very odd viewing experience . I ca n't even comment on the quality of the performances , as the soundtrack sounds as if it were recorded in a barrel , hollow and distant . You 'll be far better off watching any of the marvelous Metropolitan Opera productions or the Covent Garden Cotrubas/Shicoff version . Even Baz Lehrman 's updated , somewhat funky Australian Opera production is more true to the spirit of the piece than is this . And at least they 're all LIVE .
 THIS IS THE WORST CRAP I EVER HEARD !!!!!! WHY DID THE LABEL WASTE THEIR TIME AND MONEY?B - MORE NEEDS TO COME WITH IT !
 Everytime `` Whoa Now '' comes on , I flip the channel . B Rich is a disgrace to hip-hop . I hope he wo n't be around for a while . Look at the album cover , that 's the worst I 've seen . Pack yo bags and B Poor .
 I am a fan of Mr. Perlman and consider him the finest violinist on the stage today . However , he can be sloppy ... very sloppy . Perlman `` the great Romantic , '' here he has a great concerto to express all of his Romanticism in , the Barber . I listened to it and found it lacking passion and furthermore it was cautious throughout the wonderful first movement . It seemed almost not hard enoguh for him and recieved a cursory interpretation . The second mvmt . was better and I felt Perlman 's love starting to peek through , he almost convinced me to forgive the first mvmt. , then came the last . First , it was choked and slow then came an even bigger problem ... intonation was all over the place . It was very out of tune and therefore dissappointing . The orchestra did an admireable job , Perlman failed . I know this concerto 's last mvmt . is not too hard for him , I have listened to his Tchaik . he just did n't seem to care about the Barber . Thankfully this was only a library copy . Buy Hahn 's interpretaion , it is passionate and the last mvmt is lightning fast and accurate . Sorry Perlman , stick to what you care about .
 Chopin 's nocturnes are some of the most beautiful pieces of music ever composed ; this recording does not begin to do them justice . I am glad to see that Amazon is no longer stocking this item because I bought it many years ago and have regretted it ever since . Some recordings are worth owning -LRB- especially `` complete '' sets -RRB- for reference , just to know what a piece sounds like . That may be the only reason to buy this album , but recordings I buy for this reason have to be unabrasive , objective , and at a certain standard . When I listen to Tipo play , I start hating the nocturnes -- definitely not the right reaction . Some of the performances are decent , but many are sheer murder to listen to . They are over-sentimentalized , self-conscious , and boring.Listen to the Rubinstein collection recording of the nocturnes ; it is missing two posthumously published nocturnes -LRB- c sharp minor and c minor -RRB- , but you can be filled in on those from other recordings -LRB- for example , the film soundtrack to The Pianist -RRB- .
 The song is OK until the cowboy comes in . It does n't mix well with the rest of the song . Outkast should rethink how to organize the song and then come out with it again . It will be a good song when they think of a replacement for the cowboy .
 The song is OK until the cowboy comes in . It does n't mix well with the rest of the song . Outkast should rethink how to organize the song and then come out with it again . It will be a good song when they think of a replacement for the cowboy .
 Too `` hard '' for pop fans , not heavy enough for metal fans , not quite techno ... I guess . Trent needs to come up with some new material 'cause the only differences between `` With Teeth '' , `` The Fragile '' & `` The Downward Spiral '' are ... um ... nothin ' . Like previous NIN records , this particular one is noisey -LRB- not in a good way -RRB- , boring , annoying , etc. . Nothing personal , Mr. Reznor , but you ca n't just keep making the same record over & over ... then remixing them over & over ... & expect to keep fans . What all this means , boys & girls , is that Nine Inch Nails just is n't a good band to listen to . Think of all the other GOOD music by GOOD bands that 's out there . Now make a list & go get those CDs & let 's all just forget that NIN ever existed . HAVE A FUN DAY !!
 Undoubtedly , anyone who was in their mid-teens and older in 1989 remembers Nine Inch Nails ' `` Pretty Hate Machine . '' After the era of Madonna , Tiffany , The B-52 's , Blondie , Culture Club , and even Billy Idol , Nine Inch Nails appeared with a message far from the typical ' 80 's fare . Being treated to the likes of `` Bow down before the one you serve / You 're going to get what you deserve '' and other lyrics which attacked the very core of society , most everyone was shocked . Perhaps , however , what was more shocking than the release of `` Pretty Hate Machine '' was its success . Over the course of a few years , Nine Inch Nails established themselves as a band appealing to a new generation , a new mindset , and a new culture , appearing on bumper stickers accross the US.For five years , countless individuals have waited for this album . This , however , is not the album we 've waited for.Nine Inch Nails began as the forerunners of the Industria genrel , combining Heavy Metal with synth-beats in an intoxicating manner that proved irresistable to any fan of either type . Over the last five years , however , Heavy-Metal , Synth-Pop , and Industrial have made enormous leaps and bounds . Nine Inch Nails has not . `` Head Like a Hole '' defined the group . `` Terrible Lie '' further proved their dominance . The entirety of `` The Downward Spiral '' solidfied NIN place as the pinacle in their genre . `` The Fragile '' gave us a glimpse of the amazing potential they had , stretching through Metal and Synth and Industrial . `` With Teeth , '' however , lacks originality , inspiration , and inventiveness.The first single , `` The Hand That Feeds '' sounds promising , if not a bit typical . Being somewhat catchy and exciting , it leads one to believe that the rest of the album will follow suit . Sadly , however , the rest of the album shows quickly that in 2005 , this was the best NIN had to offer . The rest of the album contains sporadic drum beats , no inspiration , and a completely absent chorus . Long-gone is the originality of tracks such as `` Closer '' , `` Starf * ckers , Inc. '' , and `` A Warm Place . '' Instead , NIN has released an album of depressing typicality and regurgitated guitar riffs and choruses.Sadly , a legend has died . Time has proven that the era of NIN has long-since come and gone .
 It 's funny how so many people worship NIN . Though , I admit that `` Downward Spiral '' and `` The Fragile '' are a few of my guilty pleasures.I have not listened to these records for years and when I heard there was a new album coming out I was curious to see what could come out of a six year lull . Luckily for me I heard the album in entirety from a friend before I actually invested money in it . This album offers nothing interesting except for a decent vocal arrangement on the first track and a strange processed wind sound in one of the forgetful other tracks . As for `` The Hand that Feeds '' , it took six years between albums to come up with this ? This is the most generic song I 've heard from any band which receives so much acclaim as they do . I 've really questioned Trent Reznor 's musical capability when I heard this song . Also , the piano on this album is less than virtuoso , the final track doing this statement justice . I do n't want to hear the minimal music excuse either . If I wanted to hear good minimal music I would listen to Harold Budd or Steve Reich . This last song is simply pitiful . At least `` The Fragile '' had some interesting piano technique as in the seventh track -LRB- instrumental -RRB- on that album , even though it was n't even Mr. Reznor playing it . Overall , this sounds like he wrote the album , never released it , and then let some stooges remix it and this is what we have . I would have expected this from one his terrible remix albums -LRB- THINGS FALLING APART !!! -RRB- , but not from the real deal.If you are at all pleased with music that is interesting do not buy this . If anything you are looking for profound industrial music check out VidnaObmana 's Legacy . This is something that has teeth . However , if you are only interested in DJ ` ing a rave , pick up the latest NIN.Something also more interesting is to see how many disagreeing responses I receive .
 I know lots of people dont want to hear me say this cause they cant accept the truth . But this album is so boring , I figured after wasting money to get the Fragile i would have learned my lesson . But Trent has squeezed me for another $ 15 , and what a major disappointment . I have one question , do musicians actually go outside their circle of friends to ask normal people how their music sounds ? People are calling this album a through back to the old NIN sound . What old sound , this album should of just been called The Fragile 2 . Stop whinning and make some music worth breaking something to . Broken and Pretty Hate Machine are trent 's 2 best pieces of work to date . But with teeth does n't even compare . Ive heard elevator music with more emotion . Oh well 7 more years before the next album ...
 Man , what a waste of time waiting for this one . I love NIN , but this is more like a depressing slow song cd . And when the songs do begin to get heavy -LRB- which are few and far between -RRB- they sound like they should be on the top 40 pop countdown . I was extremely dissapointed by this cd . I know it is hard to try to create another one like the downward spiral , but with as much time that he worked on this one it should have been pretty close to it . Sorry Trent but you really let me down !!!!!!!!!!
 It 's not good . Do n't buy it . Most of the 5 star reviews are being posted by unquestioning fans who copy and paste magazine reviews -LRB- and there 's not many to choose from , because most rate it as mediocre -RRB- and put a 5 star rating on it . The one below me for example , about a sense of `` urgency . ''
 I have been with Nine Inch Nails since 1989 , and I have loved each NIN album , even though he has evolved his music to a newer sound . The strength of Trent is his innovation of rythmic beats and soundscapes to bring you into his world . Even if you did n't like The Fragile , we all have to stand back in awe of his mastery . Bottomline , Trent is the leader in a music industry full of sheep . He started the industrial movement , and the angst driven electronic music . So , why does the man who is light years ahead of everyone else now choose to follow like a sheep ? Rick Rubin made the awe of music genius into a packaged sound that results in plain songs sprinkled with the generic element of NIN . Although the songwriting is the worst from Trent , Nine Inch Nails suceeds in making a half dozen in With Teeth songs pretty catchy . However , being catchy and simplistic makes the album very superficial . This album will be forgotton by most within half a year . The album fails to invoke any awe or bring you into Trent soundscaped world of angst . WITH TEETH is an uninspired album.BAD about WITH TEETH : Nine Inch Nails which is usually VERY good with beats and rythms suffers in this album . Dave Grohl did a very crappy job in this album and sounds like a drum machine.Lyrics are rehashes from his rehashes of previous songs . Looks like his writer 's block reached new lows with this album.Too simplistic - Trent used to have multiple instruments playing multiple rthyms and beats in each song . There are some very good tunes in this album but they are played to such repetition that they lose their flavor - much like untalented technos artists often do.GOOD about WITH TEETH : The first song , All the Love in the World , is very good . From looking at the Still and The Fragile albums I can see Trent wanted to evolve towards more piano-based , heart-felt songs . Unfortunately , this is the only song that has continued this evolution.Only , is innovative and interesting to listen to , but nothing super cool.Hopefully , Trent will realize how uninspiring this album is -LRB- especially when it flops in sales -RRB- and quickly produce a better album focusing on his angst angainst himself for producing such an album.I want to hear a song how Rick Rubin is the anti-Christ . Wait , Karl Rove is , I forgot .
 Dave Grohl ? the Collector ? come on , this guy sucks now . . maybe if you took an original idea instead of ripping off Skinny Puppy on your first cd , you might have actually been able to stretch your talent out through to this cd . Oh and the whole `` i am so cool i will make you wait for seven years before you see another cd from me . . haa haa haaha haa !!! '' makes you suck even more . . god ... man . . Do we have any industrial left ? not if this crap keeps coming out ...
 i 've been a NIN fin since spring 1990 . PHM , broken and TDS are absolutely pure genius . but unfortunately NIN is dead.track 1
 Hi . My name is Ben Dugan and I loved `` The Fragile '' . Phew , there I got that outta way . So let 's talk about the five and a half years in the making `` With Teeth '' . Let 's be perfectly honest with each other , no lies or any false hopes or any of that hogwash
 I remember how , in 9th grade , when Pretty Hate Machine had just come out , I played it on an almost nightly basis . It was definitely a breath of fresh air , and the fact that it sampled both Jane 's Addiction and Prince gave me a warm fuzzy feeling.The Downward Spiral came out my first year of college , and I enjoyed it quite a bit , though I was in the process of growing out of the `` angst music '' phase of my life , gravitating more towards bands like Pavement and My Bloody Valentine.I did n't actually even listen to The Fragile until about six months ago , when a younger industrial DJ friend of mine played it for me . I was surprised at how good it was.And now , we have With Teeth . First off
 A lot of people fell in love with Nine Inch Nails in high school . For me , the two-disc 1999 epic The Fragile perfectly captured the frustrations of adolescence , complete with screaming , depression and a me-against-the-world mentality . From there I picked up the rest of the catalog , and even wasted a Burger King paycheck or two on ill-conceived remix CDs.Pretty Hate Machine was accessible ; Broken was angry ; The Downward Spiral was progressive - each found a special place in my CD collection , sometimes off to the side due to the oh-so-artsy , wo n't - fit-in-the-organizer cardboard packages.It 's been five and a half years since then , and Nine Inch Nails 's latest release , With Teeth , is a little of everything that came before . Only not as good as that description would imply , because Trent Reznor 's songwriting just is n't there.Simply put , With Teeth has too much filler for five years of work . `` You Know What You Are , '' for example , is basically a rewrite of The Fragile 's `` No You Do n't , '' only this time the chorus lyrics -LRB- `` DO N'T YOU F -- ING KNOW WHAT YOU ARE !?! '' -RRB- demonstrate the fall of Reznor 's way with words . `` The Collector '' is sure to collect dust , with a forced gloominess that reminds listeners that , no , Reznor is no longer a depressed , fingernail-painting eighth grader . The intricacies of stanzas like `` I pick things up , I am a collector / And things , well things , they tend to accumulate / I have this net , it drags behind me / It picks up feelings for me to feed upon '' are sure to inspire intense thought . For anyone who does n't know what `` collector '' means or eats feelings , anyway.The title track is another flop , with hilariously exaggerated pronunciation -LRB- `` With-uh teeth-uh ! '' -RRB- . `` Only '' is supremely annoying , with Reznor rambling aimlessly over a techno beat in a matter reminiscent of Pretty Hate Machine 's `` Down in It . `` And so the record drags on , with awkward spoken-word sections , forgettable melodies and half-assed pseudo-pop hooks -LRB- `` She turns me on . '' Very inventive and very funky , Trent -RRB- . Reznor tries to combine the mindless attitude of Pretty Hate Machine with the guitar and computer tones of The Fragile but ca n't quite swing it.Thankfully , though , it is n't all bad . The lead track , `` All the Love in the World , '' steals a melody from The Fragile 's `` Even Deeper '' but redeems itself with a decent chorus and interesting piano outro.Also , while first single `` The Hand that Feeds '' is nothing fresh or spectacular , it is catchy . `` Every Day is Exactly the Same '' is up to typical Nine Inch Nails standards , though the lyrics get a bit cheesy at times , and the verses of `` The Line Begins to Blur '' bring a healthy dose of genuine self-loathing . `` Beside you in Time '' builds from a mediocre beginning into tense , thick , computer-generated harmonies . `` Right Where it Belongs '' is easily the record 's masterpiece - if only there were more like it . A lilting piano melody runs alongside a dreary , processed guitar line throughout the song , laying the foundation for a classic Reznor vocal line . Very much in the tradition of `` Something I can Never Have , '' `` Hurt '' and `` The Great Below , '' it 's perfect wrist-slitting music
 Okay just to start off I 'd like to say im 14 i 'm not a kid I just did n't feel like setting up an acount . Just thought I 'd get that across first.I 'm a pretty die hard NIN fan and I 've been one for quite a long time . i have all there cds and I love Trent . I was over joyed when I found out this cd was coming and I even had a countdown and everything . The day it came out I ran to the mall right after school picked it up , came home , put it in my cd player , and ... I had heard The Hand That Feeds and I thought it was pretty good and pretty catchy a little to pop for me though . But I can deal with that . I tryed my hardest I listened to With Teeth a bunch of times . The thing is I wanted to like it I really did . My nieghbor and my best friend who is sort of a new NIN fan loved the album so I just thouyght it needed a few more listenes ... It did n't . I did n't like this Nine Inch Nails cd at all amd trust me I 'm a pretty oppen person about my music -LRB- -LRB- except for pop -RRB- -RRB- . And I can honestly say do n't waste your money on this album . Sace it and buy The Downward Spiral , Pretty Hate Machine , or any other NIN cd . *** I did give it 2 stars becuase I do love the song Right Where It Belongs and All The Love In The World *** It 's also a good listen to hear Dave Grohl -LRB- Foo Fighters , Nirvana -RRB- and Twiggy Ramirez -LRB- Marilyn Manson -RRB- on some tracks and it was really neat for me becuase Foo Fighters , Nirvana , and Marilyn Manson are three of my favorite bands so thats kinda cool.So all in all save your money and buy The Downward Spiral . But Right Where It Belongs and All The Love In The World deserve a listen .
 After a 6 year wait , it seems Nine Inch Nails has lost the creativity which was somewhat apparent on 1999 's The Fragile . It is rather remarkable for a musician -LRB- Trent -RRB- to retain a career when only delivering an lp once every 6 years . The Fragile was a reasonable album , but it 's importance was not justified by it 's ridiculously long wait.The same case goes for With Teeth . It 's a drastically less enjoyable than any of NIN 's previous works . The production quality is visibly present , but there are no interesting textures or themes that have n't been tossed around already . It feels like With Teeth could 've been easily released between Spiral and Fragile.While many viewed The Fragile as a sequel to 94 's Spiral , I viewed it rather , as a new start for the band . After all , Trent did release a video compilation called Closure . From 1989-94 was NIN 's dark-industrial Depeche Mode / Skinny Puppy-esque era . From 1999 - 05 was their experimental-ambient era . This was where sound mixer and producer Alan Moulder was a strong influence on the sound . Moulder is quite talented , but NIN 's direction is ultimately determined by Trent and his perfectionistic tendencies where he has now chosen to emphasize surface over song , rather than balancing out the two .
 `` With Teeth '' is a very strange title for this record , as it has none . It simply does n't have the raw edge of all of his previous work . This morning I listened to this and then followed it with Pretty Hate Machine , just to get a direct comparison . PHM is * much * more lyrically and musically interesting and involving . You can tell that there was a lot of emotion that went into PHM , whereas `` With Teeth '' just does n't feel like he put as much of himself into it , and none of the tracks have the musical complexity of past releases . There simply are n't as many or as interesting layers of sound in it . Makes me sad , because I 've been a NIN fan for a long time , seen them live , was an awesome show , but next time they come through , I hope the live show avoids the new material ...
 Like so many other early 90 's musicians , Trent seems to have been lost in the sea of syrup that flooded the music market in about 1995 . I 'd like to comment more on the actual music , but theres really no new material on it . Its 90 % reworked stuff from pretty hate machine and downward spiral , and 10 % completely ripped off from ministry and maintstream 80s artists . We hear a guy who knows that he was once a `` genius '' and now seems irrelevant , needlessly existential , boring . Other artists come to mind , some of them his good aquaintances
 I remember distinctly the day I bought ` The Fragile ' , taking it home on a Sunday afternoon , closing the curtains & dialling it right up - and getting totally blown away ... Today 's experience was the exact opposite . The songs do n't ` bite ' like the ones on PHM/Broken/Spiral / Fragile , there 's no sense of menace like the earlier stuff ... Seeing the video for ` The Hand that Feeds ' I thought , allright , okay song , maybe the rest of the album will be better ... Sadly not , do n't bother with this , just stay at home , put on the DVD of ` And all that could have been ' really loud and remember Nine Inch Nails as we love them ... -LCB- sob -RCB- P.S. . If you want something to really rock your world try ` Cale : Drew ' by Jakob - now there 's an album !!
 I 've been listening to this album on leak for over a month and while there are some catchy synth/pop songs , there is nothing new here From Trent and Co. . After the Downard Spiral and The Fragile `` With Teeth '' seems like a filler album . Much like the last Deftones album seemed just like a collection of singles mashed together , so does this record feel like there is no common theme or bond bewteen songs unless you count the traditional synth/industrial light sound of NIN . Suprisingly , Dave Grohl adds nothing to the record , unlike his turn with QOTSA . In fact `` the hand that feeds '' is probably his biggest contribution and its only in the sense that NIN have started writing lame rehashes like Grohl has . `` All the Love in The world '' starts off and is a familiar track that we have heard before , but it still has a very good beat to it . The main problem is Reznor isnt breaking new ground musically or lyrically . I hate to say he is out of ideas , but this album isnt much to go by and seems like something someone could pound out in 8 weeks , much less 5 years . Even Pink Floyd didnt take 5 years to make an album and their work was 10x more complex .
 After the overly pretentious and self-indulgent mess known by mankind as The Fragile , Trent Reznor went into reclusion for a whopping six years . Upon listening to Trent 's first record in six years one can not help but to wonder where the time was spent . Is it possible that Trent spent the entire duration of those six long years in his studio writing this fine material ? After all , a lot of things can happen in the span of a half a decade . NIN itself is an entity that has survived the life and death of many phases and trends in popular music . The band stands alone as being something unique and distinguished , which is why it has survived for so long . And even though Trent brought industrial music to the mainstream for mass consumption , he moved NIN far away from those roots long ago . NIN used to be a clever pop-band with great hooks and catchy angst filled lyrics . In recent years , Trent has pursued a larger than life sound . The simple fact is that NIN is a pop-band . I expect them to make pop music , not failed art rock opuses . In reality , With Teeth falls in-between these two categories . It falls short of being a truly great pop record and it does not take NIN 's sound a step further , like each album did before it.When The Downward Spiral came out Alternative Rock was at its peak and when The Fragile came out NU-metal was just starting to get big . Of course , NIN was at their height both artistically and commercially in the 1990 's . Now , NIN is a former ghost of itself . NIN seems to be drained of all artistic passion . The feelings that Trent 's music used to conjure up has turned into pitiful self-parody and mundane banality . Perhaps , this is nothing more than a quick and shameless cash in on a devote fanbase.You know , it is not that I expect another Downward Spiral , or a Broken from Trent . But , this album plays out and feels like a rehash . There is simply nothing interesting going on in this album lyrically or musically . I was hoping that With Teeth was going to sound different from anything Trent did in the past , but it sounds like a combination of the influences from all of his albums . Trent needs a radical departure.To put it into words that you may or may not understand , With Teeth plays out like a scaled down version of The Fragile . Everything that plagued that particular album is absent in With Teeth , but the album is a tedious mess in its own way . And even though this album is more song-orientated , the songs themselves are very poor . The songs have a very commercial feel to them , and unlike some of Trent 's past music there is no real sense of progression within the songs . They are simply stagnant and boring . The best thing for Trent Reznor to do right now is to either give it up , or to find his artistic passion again . It has been well over ten years since he put out anything that was good . How anyone could even wait six years for such a lackluster effort is beyond my comprehension . Why do people still support this self-pitying hasbeen?Maybe Trent will get it right in 2012 , but I personally would n't count on it . In the mean time there is much better music out there to listen to , so I wo n't waste my time with this With the Teeth .
 Those of us who 've followed this band since the inception are disgraced . However , there are two radio hits for those who love to chew bubblegum .
 My Friend got `` with teeth '' , and i burned it just to listen to it for a couple of weeks to see if i wanted to buy it . What a mistake . This whole album is crap , and i ca n't believe i wasted a dollar on a cd to burn this piece of garbage . If i could , i would give this album a 0 star . Never buy this album
 When I first heard the title of this album was going to be `` With Teeth '' , I thought this was going be an all out assault on my ears.Hmmmm ... Well it thats what it implys . Then I heard the single `` The hand that feeds '' . I sat dumfounded listening to this uninspiring drivel , a blatant attempt to create a more commercial sound which although will probably sell well , will not be one you will be pulling out of your cd collection too often for a quick listen months/years from now . Its not that NIN fans expected or wanted a new `` Downward Spiral '' , a crushing heavy angry album , but they expected a continuation of the experimentation and general weirdness -LRB- a good thing -RRB- of `` The fragile '' . This effort has done away with all of the inventivness of the previous effort and here we have a failed attempt at a pop album with come truly cheddar lyrics to boot . The songs are not played badly , the polished sound is ever so lovely and Trent sings like a demon but the songs are so boring and lame you ` ll be shocked.Trent pull the finger out , you have made your millions how about taking more of an artistic risk and create an album we all know your warped mind can create.Oh yeah and we want this album next year not in a decade , you have one last chance . A NIN fan .
 The first time I tuned in on FUSE and saw the new `` Hand that Feeds '' video , I caught it near the end of it . At first , I thought the band was a bad NIN rip-off . But then I realized that the guy mired behind the increasingly-distorted digital effects and cliched screaming was infact Trent Reznor ... again . This guy 's in such a damn rut . He has n't done anything unique since 94 's Downward Spiral . He 's milked that album for the past eleven years . With great success I might add . After all , there HAS to be an audience for this watered-down digital bullsh * t that Depeche Mode perfected by the time they 'd finished their Violator tour in 1990 , right ? With a title that calls itself `` With Teeth '' , this album is just asking for people to slam it . Let 's see how many plays on the title we can come up with . `` With Teeth '' bites . `` With Teeth '' has no bite to it . Now come up with your own!I want more cutesy synth pop like PTM , Trent .
 I bought this album at my local record store the day it came out . The hand that feeds was a competant single and I was hoping for an album that might really fill a musical gap from the old angry songsters of lore . Though this album has about 5 great songs , there are so many that are pure tripe . First and foremost , the drums ... they are so simplistic on most tracks and so severely underproduced that you 'd think a kid was at the drumset . Next we have the guitars which are so fuzzed out you ca n't make tell of whats going on when the songs get loud and agressive , which by the way is n't too often . Then you have Trent whose voice is sounding the worst I 've ever heard it . I know he has never been the best vocalist but now his voice is damned near grating . Overall , there are SOME good songs on this album for the fans of NIN that want something to keep them over till the next halo . The ones worthwhile would be ... You know what you are , Everyday is exactly the same , Getting Smaller , The line begins to blur , and really I think those are the only BEARABLE songs on the whole album . So sad and disappointed ...
 This album was an absolute disappointment . I 've never thought of a Nine Inch Nails album as fun , but the only redeeming quality for With Teeth is that some of the songs -LRB- `` Only '' , `` You Know Who You Are '' -RRB- are just fun . The others fall somewhere in the realm of pretentious , irritating , or just plain bad.Here are the main problems , as I see them :1 . Lyrics - this should come as no suprise , though , as Trent was never a poet . Take love/sex , add addiction , frustration , inadequacy , failure , deviance , etc. , and you have 80 % of the Nine Inch Nails songs ever written . Additionally , Trent can not sing ... or scream !!! His range lies somewhere around mumble and whine . This is easy to see past when the music is good , but not on this album .2 . Lack of Complexity - NIN has always been interesting , if not good , musically . Trent laid on the synth layers thick , and it was possible to listen to an album -LRB- The Fragile -RRB- many times and keep noticing new things he was doing musically . That does n't happen here -- this is very one-dimensional and boring .3 . Not Innovative - NIN was good because he/they did things that no one had done before musically , and that in and of itself was exciting . NIN never sounded like anything else , though there were a lot of knock-offs in his/their wake . Either the technology is so accessible that everyone is doing what NIN used to be the only ones to do , or Trent Reznor got lazy , because this sounds like every other piece of electronic-rock crap to come out in the past decade -LRB- except with Trent Reznor 's voice -RRB- .
 I could not get the CD side of this Dual disc to play in my computer , or stanard CD players including my original SONY CD player from the early 1980s . The DVD side works however works flawlessly .
 As a true NIN fan ... this album did nothing but disappoint.I 'm truly sad.I could get into deep descriptions on why , but it 's not necessary . Just listen to a few songs , you 'll understand.Why Trent ?!?! Why ?!?!
 The Broken & The Fragile had blown me away . This -LRB- with teeth -RRB- is nothing short of mediocre . What happened Trent ? What were you thinking man ? Either you are losing touch with all things musical or you are simply too deafened by your own rants about how bad all the music is out there . You seem to be falling into that very category that you so arduously created in order make people believe that you are the greatest thing in music . It worked for a while , but its clear now that you are NO genius but only play one on TV . Good show man !
 I miss old NIN . This is the first time I 've actually been ashamed to blast a NIN album . Somewhere between Trent 's high-pitched chanting and obnoxious dance beats I decided that NIN just was n't hitting the spot anymore .
 I have been a huge Nine Inch Nails fan for years so it 's hard to give this CD a bad review , but I will . On a positive note the CD is straight to the point and I 'm sure the songs will sound great live because of the lack of extra electronic sounds , however it sounds like the whole CD was thrown together . Trent 's lyrics at times seem quite jumbled and sometimes he sounds like he 's singing in a garage . A matter of fact , major portions of the CD sound like it was made by a garage band . Many fans will hype up this CD but I feel that this is the one CD that does n't need to be in your Nine Inch Nails collection .
 It has been six years since Trent has released a disc , and this it the best he can do?This may be just as dark as Pretty Hate Machine or The Downward Spiral , but it lacks spirit , it lacks enthusiasm , it lacks ... teeth.The best songs on the disc would make really great Garbage tunes , or material for an awesome Smashing Pumpkins reunion , but for NIN it 's just boring.Next time when you take six years off Trent , catch up with modern times . My Chemical Romance , Spalding Rockwell and The Used are putting out much better discs , and you can guarantee they are n't going to wait six #### ing years to put out another one .
 NIN albums have always been away from the norm , and thats what has made the cds so good . But honestly , this cd isnt good at all ... the best song is the most commercial song he has ever dont , the single ... other then that the cd is like a live show in a basement or something , his voice never seems to be on the track or the beat , and the drums are to obnoxious from mr foo fighter ... i dont reccomed this cd at all , i want my money back
 I have loved NIN for many years now and I was pretty happy to see this album come out . BUT I hate to say it sucks pretty bad . Trents `` I 'm a dark depressed loser '' act has run it 's course !! With the teethuhhhhhhhhhh it the worst NIN song I have ever heard !!! Also , stop with the DUALDISC CRAP !!! make one damn cd then stop ! It 's just a lame way to make money on a lame album !! Also , good ol trent just rematered the the downward spiral cd too . WHY ???? Isnt that the whole point of cd 's ? so the sound is digital audio from the start ?? Do n't be fooled . I did give this 2 stars because I love RIGHT WHERE IT BELONGS , but other then that this cd blows . Keep your eye out for the re-mix of this junk , I 'm sure it 's on the way too !
 I thought Nine Inch Nails was a band that had an edge to their sound , something that made you sit up and listen.Not anymore , forget this and get `` Downward Spiral '' and `` The Fragile ''
 I want to start out by saying that I have been a huge nine inch nails fan for years . The Fragile and Downward Spiral and Pretty Hate Machine are three of my favorite albums ever , which makes this hurt even more . It feels like to me that Reznor is trying to dumb himself down , or that this is some kind of cruel joke . Some of my friends really like it , unfortunately they are the same friends who like Lil ' Jon and the East Side Boys , Disturbed , Smile Empty Soul , Shinedown , and a host of other talentless hacks . Maybe I am getting too old and losing touch myself ? I 'm not sure . My two major gripes are the lyrics and vocals ... the music is tolerable . I suppose it 's possilbe that I was too hyped up about this and I was hoping that maybe I would come around on this , but after a few listens I honestly do n't think I can even stomach giving this a chance . I give this 2 stars only because I still think Reznor is a musical genious , he just let me down . Oh well , there is still new Tool and Radiohead to look forward too . Buy the new Queens of the Stone Age , or Beck , or Gorillaz , or Porcupine Tree albums , skip this one .
 I do n't know what happened to Trent between the release of The Fragile and this album , but it 's not good . He 's lost all of his edge and originality , and all that 's left are cheesy lyrics aimed towards a more mainstream crowd.There were two songs I liked on this album ... `` Right where it belongs '' and `` Only '' -LRB- simply for the fact that I love deep sounding 80 's synths -RRB- . Most of the other songs are just stupid ... `` WITH THE TEETH -- UHHHHHH !!!! '' and `` I pick things up ... I am a collector ... `` I understand he was trying to make a simpler album and neglected the instrumental tracks , but honestly , that is his strong point . He 's getting a little old to be whining about his feelings using trite , contrived lyrics . His strength -LRB- though he may not want to admit it himself -RRB- is in sound engineering and composition , not poetry.I really wish he had n't given up more interesting projects like the Doom3 music -LRB- which would have turned out awesome if he had stuck to it -RRB- to put out this almost completely crap album . Trent , if you ever read this -- stick to what you are good it . Try to grow and evolve as a musician . You have incredible technical skills when it comes to electronic music , and that 's what we like to hear .
 For anyone who 's seen Eddie Murphy 's comedy ... a person goes so long without something -LRB- ie . food , music -RRB- , diehard fans of NIN will listen and say ... mmmm ... yeah !! that 's the best damn NIN i 've heard in years.Truth be told ... If this is what Trent has come up with in 6 years ... oh dear !! If this was NIN first album ... very good . . but it 's not .
 This album is not good at all . I can not believe people compare it to Pretty Hate Machine , no NIN album is comparable to PHM , especially this one . The good songs I thought were # 2 and # 6 , the last one was ok , but nothing stood out in it to make me remember it and want to listen to it again . Number 8 just makes me lose all faith in Trent . This album , and any other NIN album will live up to Pretty Hate Machine , but if your into nowadays music then you 'll probably like it , but for oldschool fans , this sucks .
 I 'm such a NIN fan , it 's taken me this long to write this review . Not only does this CD NOT grow on you the more times you hear it ... it actually gets worse with each listening!I 'm a NIN `` Completist '' & have spent over $ 2k on my collection . When I 1st listened to this album , I was absolutely shocked ! 1 Magazine review said `` it 's the most mainstream NIN album to date '' and that 's pretty accurate . The songs on the album that are actually woth listening to ... sound like Trent was doing everything possible to make sure they 'd be worthy of POP Radio Stations , rather than Rock Stations ! And , the other songs , well , worse than Filler Tracks.As if that were n't bad enough -LRB- yes , it gets worse -RRB- ... almost none of this album even resembles NIN music . There 's little to no synths in a lot of the songs , the guitars & basses are so heavy & so intermingled - you ca n't even make out a lot of the tunes -- it just sounds like garbled noise -- not music , let alone NIN quality music . Worse still , it 's literally ALL OVER THE PLACE in most of the songs ... with tremendous & abrupt halts & reverses in tempo & style -LRB- grinding guitar noise 3 min . into a song , then in a split second it 's nothing but slow & quiet piano -RRB- -- and the Singing is the same.Because I 'm such a fan ... I reluctantly held my tongue this long while ... but after listening to the album again a couple days ago -LRB- after listening to the others -RRB- I just could n't take it any longer & had to speak up !! IF you 're a completionist like me , not only do you have to buy this album , but undoubtedly , you have at least 3 different versions -LRB- along w / all the singles , promos , etc. -RRB- BUT , if you 're NOT - stay far , far away from this album ... and for the most part , stay away from `` The Fragile '' too ... unless you like the softer side of Industrial -LRB- that CD is mostly crap too -- but still 100 times better than this ... and at least has it 's moments ! -RRB- Stick w / the Classics - Pretty Hate Machine , Broken , Downward Spiral.Since I just mentioned `` The Fragile '' -- am I the only one who 's noticed the STEADY DECLINE of NIN over the past decade ?? Many people called that album his `` Masterpiece '' or `` Musical Masterpiece '' -- well , maybe musically it was ... but there 's more to NIN music than just the music ... LYRICS are a Major part as well ... and that Album was lacking in direction as well -LRB- still nowhere near as bad as With Teeth by any means -RRB- I just do n't get it ... NIN Live - is a magical thing ... they even managed to take the songs from The Fragile & bumb them up a notch ... for some reason , they just ca n't capture that magic in the Studio anymore ... and now , they ca n't even write anymore . Hopefully this was just some kind of `` Experimental Album '' -- and they 'll get back to , well , being & sounding like them ... next time ... . we can only hope that is!Please , for the love of God - do n't let them become the next Metallica !!!
 I was so excited for this release . I thought I would love whatever it was , it 's NIN ! It 's OK . It 's not great , not bad , but really just ok is not what I was hoping for . I 'll hold on to my true NIN cds , and just let this one mark the official end .
 First , let me say that I have been a fan of nin since the beginning - I have seen him/them play 5 times , have actually talked with Trent briefly about his first album on his first tour and generally , love nin greatly . With that said , it saddens me to write such a negative review of this album . Sure , a few of the tracks have grown on me slightly since the first listen , but overall it is painful to listen to.It should have happened with 1999 's The Fragile , in terms of probability anyway . Who would have thought Trent would try to top Pretty Hate Machine or The Downward Spiral and make a respectible effort to do so ? Even though it did n't happen , at least he tried . So , what does this have to do with -LSB- With Teeth -RSB- ? Let 's just say that Trent did n't appear to try on this album , AT ALL ! There are a couple of decent tracks to be found , but these do n't appear until the last half of the album - the first half is simply awful . What about the transitions - the context - the atmosphere that made his previous releases GREAT ? What about Trent ? As he himself said in the classic angst anthem , `` Down in It ; '' `` and what i used to think was me is just a fading memory , i looked him right in the eye and said goodbye . `` Goodbye Trent . Hope you come back someday .
 Ugh , I do n't know what to say other than `` What happened to NIN ? '' If you 're anything like me , you 'll be sorely disappointed by this album . If you 're a big fan of pop tracks mixed in with a bunch of `` brutal '' underproduced songs then maybe you 'll like it ... a bit .
 well , i live in japan and the cd came out a month before it was released in the states ... i wish i could have warned anybody about getting this cd because it is truly sad . i was n't expecting another broken or the downward spiral and definately another fragile -LRB- which was also sad by the way -RRB- . it 's just not up to par with what i think reznor can actually do . what happened to orginality ? anyways , the japanese release came out with three bonus tracks that are by far way better than the first thirteen tracks that came out on the u.s. version and that 's the only reason why i gave this two stars .
 After NIN 's overly ambitious -LRB- and barely memorable -RRB- double album The Fragile tanked five years ago , Trent Reznor I 'm sure took a long hard look at the state of his music and realised `` hey ... I need a HIT ! '' Unfortunately , despite all the `` return to form '' pre-release hype that surrounded `` With Teeth '' I have found out very simply ... . this ai n't it . After producing some of the most thought provoking and thrill inducing music of the nineties -LRB- NIN 's Broken and the Downward Spiral remain two of the favourite releases of the decade -RRB- , Trent here relies on the same set of cliched , high-school-poetry , angst-ridden lyrics , and props them up against some of the most unoriginal and uninspiring music he has ever produced . If you 're thinking this will put you back on the road to relevance , think again , Trent . Your days are numbered , and this is truly the Last Nail in the Coffin . -LRB- By the way , cudos to whomever did your plastic surgery , or the airbrushing on your publicity photos - congratulations , Peter Pan , you STILL do n't look a day over 30 ... -RRB-
 -LRB- I previously posted a review that focused too much on the musican and less on the actual music . This a re-write of the review that tries to focus more on the album at hand . In retrospect , I also would probably give With Teeth a 3.5 as opposed to the 2 I originaly gave it . -RRB- Even though With Teeth took about 6 years to complete , it is much shorter than the Fragile ; which is both good and bad on all counts . It does not feature the ability to explore and allow the listener to appreciate a new sound , but it does allow the listener to enjoy an album for just being an album . Moreover , With Teeth is just an album , it is not a gargantuan creature or masterpiece like what The Fragile was . Its sound is focused in one direction . This sound is also diffidently one specific sound
 First off , I am -LRB- was ? -RRB- a serious NIN fan , owning all the prior haloes . I thought the Fragile was the best album Trent ever did . With Teeth , on the other hand , has no bite . I get the feeling he slapped this together in under a year . The deep full instrumentation from his last release is gone , none of the songs grab you or even wake you up . The last track is probably the only one I liked . I really hope it will grow on me , but after 3 listens I wish I had n't spent money to hear the downfall of one of the great bands of my youth . Yuck .
 I first heard NIN in 1992 ... loved it . There were a handful of bands I passionately held as my favorites through high school , and NIN was always numero uno . In college , I remember driving the streets of Atlanta with my roommate for two hours , listening to The Fragile after we bought it at Tower Records at midnight.So , it was with great anticipation that I awaited With Teeth . Well , it was more like a punch to the teeth . I heard the record on Trent 's MySpace page before the CD launched . `` Jesus , '' I thought , `` is this a joke ? `` It reminded me of Type O Negative 's `` World Coming Down '' CD . An amazing band , releasing a record that is absolute dog vomit.I figured , maybe I just need to give the record a few more spins . So , I actually bought it and force-fed myself the unimaginative audio-filth ... and never gained a taste for it . Maybe it 's a sign of the times ... just about every band I adored in the early to mid 90s that is still around , puts out records now that just plain suck.If there are young kids that like this modern-NIN , good for you . I 'm glad there 's an audience , but as a fan of his earlier -LRB- and more inspiring -RRB- work , I can only look at this latest offering with contempt .
 If you do n't care about the fact that there is nothing new on this album then it 's ok . OK.There is nothing new on this album at all . He says nothing new at all . There 's nothing new to the music.Yes , I got it when I was 15 , but come on Trent , grow up . He 's going to be 40 this month and he 's still writing high school poetry lyrics.We all feel really sorry for you trent .
 Thats what this album is . Miss Bianca Of The Rescue Aid Socity was right saying there lame , Cuz there as lame as lame gets . Man is this CD lame , And old news . The Beatles are WAY !!!! better them old boring Nine Inch Nails .
 It is slow , droll , and just about the most painfully boring music CD I have heard in a long time . I threw mine in the trash -LRB- no joke -RRB-
 Six years on since the release of `` The Fragile '' , its followup , `` With Teeth '' , finally arrived . After the experimental `` The Fragile '' , Reznor took a few less chances this time around and produced an album that is song-oriented . The drawback to this is that the record is a lot less risk taking , and while some of the material is great , most of it lacks an edge to me . Now mind you , I approach this from a different context than most folks , my interest musically tends to be in change -- if an artist stands still and produces something very similar to a previous record , I rarely am interested in it -LRB- something about revisiting old ideas to me results in a lack of urgency and edge to the music -RRB- . Truth to be told , if you though `` The Fragile '' was weak because it lacked many of the hooks of the earlier albums , you 'll probably love this one.Over the past sixteen years , Reznor has really created a vocabulary built of pop sensibilities meets industrial , and we see a bunch of songs that could have easily been lifted from earlier records -- the sort of merciless industrial of `` Broken '' -LRB- `` You Know What You Are ? '' , `` Getting Smaller '' -RRB- , the thrashy synth pop sounds of `` Pretty Hate Machine '' -LRB- `` Every Day Is Exactly the Same '' , `` Love is Not Enough '' -RRB- , the sludgy industrial rhythms and dark pop of `` The Downward Spiral '' -LRB- `` The Line Begins to Blur '' , `` Right Where It Belongs '' -RRB- . Truth is , this album sounds more like a successor to those than it does to `` The Fragile '' . There 's also a couple downright irritating moments -LRB- the chorus to `` With Teeth '' and the endless panning to the otherwise decent `` Beside You in Time '' -RRB- . But intermingled throughout this is hints at a new sound , a sort of funk sensibility that begins to creep into Reznor 's music -- opener `` All the Love In the World '' illustrates this well , with its voice over bass and drum , but its really the incredible `` Sunspots '' that is totally unique and best illustrates this -- it has no precedent in Reznor 's music and works well , musically and lyrically.Overall , I found the album pretty much a disappointment because of its lack of freshness is direction . I 've heard it before .
 crappy cd ! whoa nine inch nails sucks ... their music is like hmm hard to explain ... well any way i put it ill just end up saying this cd along with their other is trash . now about the backwards n on half their merchandise -LRB- Grade A crap if you ask me -RRB- they MIGHT wan na fix that . i learned to write N 's correctly long ago . so if these juniors wan na sell , they better step up and start playin better ... or step aside and let better bands earn that extra .00000001 % money that nin is taking away . Ill put the same thing on a slipknot cd - just replace the nine inch nails/nin with slipknot and backwards n with holoween costume
 I tryed to give this album a listen but GOOD GOD DID THIS SUCK . I already heard the horrible bite the hand that feeds you bite the hand that feeds you bite the hand ... oh sorry , I got repetitive . . probably from that damn song . I was never much a die hard fan so when this album came out I said `` Hmm , maybe I will have a looksey '' . Boy what a fricken nightmare ! Lame and boring .
 Yeah their stuff sounds cool , but for me , one CD of it is enough . I mean , With Teeth is basically the same CD that they realeased what , 5 years ago ? The only real stand-outish track is the single , `` Hand that Bleeds . '' The rest are all just kinda ehhh ... If you want to get into really good industrial-type metal , then check out Tool .
 I was a pretty big Nine Inch Nails fan in high school , but in recent years my interest has faded . Still , when Trent Reznor & co. released `` The Hand That Feeds '' as the first single from With Teeth , I was intrigued for two reasons
 This album only has 1 truly amazing song and that is the first single the hand that feeds . The rest was like what was that ? In a bad way . It makes you think wow I waited almost six years for this ? The first song all the love in the world is half a good song , the second half is good the first half is like what was that crap ? Another one beside you in time , once again the second half of that song is good , the first half was like what is this crap . Do yourself a favor and listen to this before you buy it or simply buy the hand that feeds single with the remixes which are good . This is only the second time ever one of my favorite bands who has never come out with crap music , finally put out crap music . The first was fear factory with their latest album archetype .
 This not a review of the album itself . I hear the album is awesome and is reminiscent of the downward spiral.I wish I could review the Music but I have a small apartment and so use my pc exclusively for multimedia entertainment . I did not realize until I received this that the CD SIDE ON DUAL DISCS DOES NOT PLAY ON PC CD DRIVES ! The DVD side does play . Google this topic and you will see this is true.I understand that record companies need to protect themselves from pirates but many people have home theatre PC 's and MP3 players and no longer have a plain jane cd or dvd player . Unless I borrow my friends boom box this cd is worthless to me . It is too bad the record company could not be more forthcoming about this `` incompatibility . `` Even though there will be a penalty because I had to open it , I will return it .
 I am an avid fan of Nine Inch Nails . And simply put this is the most worthless album next to an avril lavigne album . I am no music connoiseur . Not even sure if i spelled that right . But comparatively , Trent Reznor has gone into a downward spiral musically . PHM was the best album ever . Broken followed it up with its brashness . The Downward Spiral expanded into concept territory as none before . The Fragile awed me with its melodies . With Teeth is an album unworthy of NiN . It sounds like Reznor got up one day and said , `` Hey guys . You know what . I got an idea . Lets give up our roots and copy what everyone else is doing now . Only lets throw in some weird melodies half these other idiots never thought of . '' That 's all this album is . And I like Trent Reznor , the old Reznor , so that 's really hard for me to say , but it is true .
 I have been a NIN fan since Pretty Hate Machine . I think Trent Reznor is a brilliant musician . All of his previous albums have been absolute genius ... until this ? I pre-ordered this album anticipating another masterpiece . What a disappointment !! I still ca n't get over how terrible this album is ! The only song that is worth mentioning is `` You Know What You Are . '' That 's the Trent I know ! I purposely skipped the tour just so I did n't have to hear the new stuff ! I hope this is n't it for him , but I will be cautious when the next album comes out !
 I absolute love Nine Inch Nails , I own every album , ep , and single . I listened to the Fragile over and over . When I was in High School I snuck Trent 's work from the Quake Soundtrack into our production of MacBeth and used the Fragile for testing the sound system in the auditorium . When this album was released I was overjoyed to listen to it for the first time ... at least until it started playing . The real deep emotion just seems to be gone and replaced with an attempt by a well-adjusted weight-lifting energy-drink-consuming Trent . The songs are uninspired and do n't carry the dark sexy vibe that I loved . Ghrol is a brilliant Drummer and the melodies are still Trent , but the overwhelming feel is lacking . I miss the dark drug-shooting disfunctional secretive funeral-home-dwelling Trent that produced Downward Spiral and The Fragile . My biggest complaint was he seemed to revert to expression through noise on some tracks instead of the complicated layerings of the Fragile .
 Trent once said that he would loose his job if he went and saw a psycologist -LRB- yes he actually said that ! -RRB- and I think its time he does what he said . Everybody who likes it are his `` new '' genre , who are n't aware of his old achivements , that he was once a genre by himself . Now he is another rock-star , an entertainer , who is pickpocketing us to keep his luxirous life alive , like Marilyn Manson . Thats all he is trying to do . . Ripping the adult people who buy the image , rather than the music . I have always believed in him , I loved every single song of him , I did n't download his songs but bought original CDs because I thought he deserved it . But not anymore . I am not gon na listen his junk anymore . They are n't gon na rip my $ $ anymore .
 I 'm a big NIN fan , I have all of their albums except this one . Since I listened to the single `` The Hand that Feeds '' , I was surprised at how trendy it sounded ; still I was hoping the album would offer something interesting . Sometimes musicians should be honest with themselves , after awhile you simply have nothing more to express , and this happens in any kind of art .
 I concur with a lot of others that this is a disappointment from the get-go . This album should 've went back to the drawing board half-way through because it sounds like it was only half done . Gone is the harshness , the dirty , screeching guitars , and heavy kicking beats - the stuff I love about NIN . There are few songs here that sound truely like NIN songs at all , and I think I know the reason why this is . Usually NIN songs revolve around a particular electronic/industrial beat , whereas `` With Teeth '' songs sound like they started out as garage band guitar songs and really never evolve from there . The songs are underproduced , lifeless , and sound forced , like he 's trying too hard.I give Trent an awful lot of credit for being a talented songwriter , but it sounds like the genius electronic programming is completely missing here . What happened to Trent 's buddies that did Spiral and Fragile ?? He needed their help . The only songs I like are `` Everyday is Exactly the Same '' , `` Only '' , and `` Sunspots '' , the rest is dribble . I 'll forgive Trent , but he better come back with a better album next time .
 Been a huge NIN fan since PHM ... pretty much everything Trent did was pure gold ... he could fart into a plastic bag and I 'd buy it ... probably parade it around as the next big musical thing and annoy everyone . The Fragile came out and I was underwhelmed ... I listened a couple times and shelved it for a while . I picked it back up a couple months later and fell in love with it . The same can not be said about With Teeth . I bought it and was super excited for another epic NIN record ... after a quick listen in the car , it was sounding really one dimensional ... I thought maybe I needed to be at home and relaxed and able to fully concentrate on the recording . Nope ... nothing really there to concentrate on . It 's basically all there right from the get go ... nothing to listen closer for ... no nuances , no subtle genius I have loved from NIN in the past ... what you see is what you get . The single `` The Hand That Feeds '' is a catchy chorus ... that 's it . The song is just a build up to the catchy chorus and nothing more ... it 's all style and no substance ... like eating just a bowl full of marshmallows and no Lucky Charms . I shelved the album and thought that maybe if I revisit it later it might grab me like The Fragile did ... maybe my eyes would be opened and I 'd suddenly see the genius of it ... basically what happened with The Fragile and with Aenima from Tool . I picked With Teeth back up several months later and still ... the empty feeling was still there . Picked it back up just before this review and damn ... still there . This record is just not emotionally there . I 've heard Trent and other artists talk about how you ca n't please everyone all the time and thatt heir music evolves . . `` I make my music for me '' they say ... well ... I hope you like it Trent because I think you can do much better ... I 'd rather have good old drum machine instead of Grohl ... a middle of the road artist . I know he 's talented and he was in Nirvana , but he makes a LOT of music that is popular on the radio ... music that is popular on the radio is popular because it is intended to appeal to as wide a number of people possible ; which means it 's middle of the road stuff that 's just bland , uninspired product for mass consumption . NIN I used to think was separate from all that polished shiny corporate rock , and that real art pisses people off , makes them think and makes some people hate it , which fit NIN perfectly ... not so much now .
 I hate to say it but this cd is pretty bad . First off , I 'm a major fan of Reznor 's work . I have almost every Halo -LRB- and there 's a lot -RRB- even though most of them were just for bragging rights since they were $ 15 for a few remixes of old songs . I thought that `` The Fragile '' was a slight step backwards . The cd was so much more radio ready than his earlier work . so I had white knuckles going in to buy this album ... so many ways this could have gone ... so many ways could have been better.Here 's the thing about music , the bands or groups that have been around for a while , 10 years or so , ultimately want to reinvent their wheel . They update their sound , maybe mix genres and hope they can grab some new fans while not losing too many old ones . The perfect example of this is Metallica ... I mean , just look at what they 've become ! Yuck . Anyway , this is definately a new direction for Nine Ince Nails.Here are my problems with this cd . Let 's face it , Trent has always been kind of a whiner . He 's always moaning and groaning about this and that . He does n't even have a good singing voice , which is n't a bad thing because his music always picked up the slack . The mix of beautifully aggressive beats and a deeply depressed and wasted man trying to sing along seemed to work for whatever reason . On this album , there are no crushing beats , none . Sorry to burst eveyone 's bubble . If you think there 's a `` hardcore '' song on this album you are sadly mistaken . The only one that almost qualifies is `` You Know What You Are '' but it never comes to fruition . It 's as if Trent is holding back for a big finish , but it never comes . What a waste . So now we 're left with an album that has bad singing , mediocre beats , sprinkled with the occasional curse word so we know trent is n't a complete pansy . But in the bad singing we 're able to now hear the crappy lyrics.I find it interesting that musicians can change their musical syles with little or no regard to their loyal fans , but they almost never update their lyrics . NIN is no exception . If you 've heard the lyrics to one song , you 've hearn them all . Here , I 'll break it down for you :1 . Everyone is fake .2 . I 'm so lost and depressed .3 . God sucks and so does everyone who goes to church .4 . I got my heart broken almost 20 years ago and I 'm still obsessed with it.I mean really , what is `` there is no you , there is only me '' supposed to mean ? Is that supposed to be artistic and deep ? Nah , it 's lame . And when you repeat it over 2 dozen times in one song ... it becomes uber lame . At first I thought that this album was a touch better than The Fragile but after having a good number of weeks to come back to it a few times , it has become a beer coaster . Save you money folks . Buy `` The Downward Spiral '' and maybe `` The Fragile , '' but I would n't waste your money on this one if I were you .
 Nine Inch Nails -LRB- NIN -RRB- is one of my top favorite bands of all time . The first three songs I heard from them back in 1996 when I started listening to music was `` Head Like a Hole , '' `` Terrible Lie , '' and `` Closer . '' Those are what got me into NIN , and I loved both CDs those songs came from , `` Pretty Hate Machine '' and `` The Downward Spiral . '' `` Downward Spiral '' also had other outstanding tracks , `` March of the Pigs , '' `` Ruiner , '' and `` Heresy . `` Then in 2000 , Trent Reznor had a double disc album titled `` The Fragile , '' which was a phenomenal release . `` The Fragile '' contained some of NIN 's greatest songs , such as the hard and fast music in `` Starf *** ers , Inc. , '' and `` Somewhat Damaged , '' to the instrumental `` Pilgrimage , '' through `` I 'm Looking Forward To Joining You , Finally , '' which sounds like something out of a Native American rain dance.After that , Trent seemed to go back into remixville without making anything really new . `` With Teeth '' is the first NIN album in six years , which I , along with every other NIN fan , had been waiting for . Unfortunately , `` With Teeth '' is a major disappointment to both the fans and to Trent as I want to know what he was doing during these past six years.First off , a lot of the songs sound like Trent was just bored when he was singing them , which is highly noticeable in `` Only '' and `` All the Love in the World . '' `` All the Love in the World '' has some potential to it , but the song takes about 3-4 minutes to do so , and then it seems to end abruptly . `` The Hand that Feeds , '' is the first single , and took me about ten hearings before I started to like it , but it is still not the greatest song in the world . Even worse though , it ends up being one of the harder sounding tunes on the entire album . Whether or not that is a good thing has to be determined by the individual listening to this CD , but for me , it is a major let down as Trent can do better than this.The entire album is not a total loss , as `` Every Day is Exactly the Same , `` Sunspots , '' `` You Know What You Are , '' and `` With Teeth '' are decent songs , but could be much better . `` With Teeth '' does bring back memories of `` The Fragile 's '' `` I 'm Looking Forward To Joining You , Finally '' though , so that was enjoyable.As if things were not bad enough on this album , the last three songs are almost unbearable to listen to . `` The Line Begins to Blur '' is just a dreadful song that has no redeeming quality in it , while `` Beside You in Time '' has just as much potential as the ones I mentioned above , but goes by without reaching it . `` Right Where it Belongs '' is filled with piano playing most of the song , but there is just something about it that makes it an unpleasant experience.Finally , the remaining tracks I have yet to mention -LRB- `` The Collector , '' `` Love is Not Enough , '' and `` Getting Smaller '' -RRB- , are so disappointing to the point that the song is forgettable the moment it ends . It feels as if there was no song at all.As mentioned before , for being the first real NIN album in six years , it was a real disappointment . It just feels like Trent needed to get a new CD out to please the fans with new material regardless of how trashy they were.Also , as if disappointment with the music was not enough , the cover art is bland because there is nothing exciting shown , and there is no booklet with lyrics in it.One last item since I own the Dual Disc version . The newspapers in my area made it sound like it was a CD that came with a DVD that contained all of NIN 's music videos sans Marilyn Manson 's and Korn 's `` Best of '' albums . Instead , it is just a double sided disc with one side featuring the music , while the other side , a DVD , contains the same bland music and the video to `` The Hand that Feeds . `` Trent , if you happen to read this -LRB- doubtful -RRB- , I hope your next album has more passion put into it than this one.I give it 2/5 stars , and that is just because it is NIN .
 I keep hoping NIN will release something as great as BROKEN or THE DOWNWARD SPIRAL or even PRETTY HATE MACHINE , or if not then go somewhere new . Reznor 's obviously an incredibly talented musician . And to be fair , SPIRAL was one of the best albums of the 90s , so he 's set the bar very high . Now he has a tough decision to make
 i 'M JUST NOT FEELING THIS CD ! I HAVE LOVED EVERY TRACK TRENT HAS PUT OUT IN THE PAST . MOST OF THEM RIGHT OFF THE BAT . THIS ONE I 'M NOT FEELING YET . THERE 'S MAYBE 3 SONGS THAT ARE REALLY STAND OUT TRACKS . NOT YET READY TO TRADE IT IN , I COULD NEVER DO THAT TO TRENT EVEN IF HE PUT OUT A COUNTRY CD . THE FRAGILE TOOK A LITTLE TIME TO GROW ON ME SO MAYBE THIS WILL TOO . I RECOMMEND THIS TO ANY HARDCORE NIN FANS
 I am a die-hard NIN fan and have never heard a NIN album I did n't love ... until now . I was so excited about the new album that when I bought it I had to race home to listen to it . As each track went by , my frown got deeper and deeper . There are maybe two semi-decent songs on this album that even deserve to be placed under the NIN name . The lyrics seem generic and uninspired . It was as if Trent found as many one to two syllable sad words he could find and threw them together . The feeling and emotion do n't seem genuine . The background music is good for the most part , but not near as good as it has been on the previous albums . I had so much hope for this album . NIN was always one of the few bands that when they put out an album -LRB- no matter how long you waited -RRB- , you knew it was going to be amazing and worth the wait and the money . I am taking this album to a CD store to sell it tomorrow . I am saddened by this album and it seems that this is the end of what was once one of the best bands ever .
 I feel it necessary to explain to everyone why Reznor and his rotating batch of musicians have failed , because apparently every other publication I have read seems to think this album is a success and some sort of masterstroke . In comparison to the other musical trends of right now it seems to fit perfectly in the major media 's defense . The problem lies first in the mass acceptance of recycled 80 's sounds , i.e.
 I still remember the last months of my junior year in high school -LRB- April-May 2005 -RRB- and I know `` The Hand that Feeds '' was being played like crazy on the radio . Even though this was a time when I had no interest or knowledge of the industrial genre , I was still turned off by how bad that song was . Looking at this album now , I have to laugh like mad at the title `` With Teeth . '' The title is supposed to imply that this is something gritty and harsh , while this is really as harsh as a baby teacup chihuahua named Tinkerbell.PHONY DARKNESSSince I 've already made my disgust for Trent Reznor pretty clear in my review for `` The Downward Spiral , '' I 'll save you all the bile and focus on the album.Just like NIN 's supposed magnum opus `` The Downward Spiral , '' this album is loaded with phony darkness and aggression . Even worse , compared to `` The Downward Spiral , '' this perfectly shows that Trent Reznor is getting old rather than growing up . He was in his late thirties when `` With Teeth '' came out and he 's still singing about teenage anger and angst . Reznor sinks even lower compared to his past efforts now that he 's `` tamed '' his sound -LRB- not that it was extreme to begin with , because it was n't -RRB- that makes this seem like a disco album with some distortion rather than the industrial pop he was cranking out in the 90 's . At the same time , in an odd way , I feel a little less cheated since Reznor is now showing his true alternative rock/pop colors instead of dressing up the music as the darkest the industrial genre has to offer -LRB- which is precisely what he did for `` The Downward Spiral '' -RRB- . MUSICIANSHIPAgain , the musicianship on this album is atrocious . Yes , Reznor knows how to make a pop melody that 's infectious to mainstream music listeners , but this does n't mean that his music is any good . Reznor further waters down his already watered down formula for industrial rock by cutting back on this distorted instruments and amping up the `` accessibility '' in his vocals that are more well-suited for an alternative rock band -LRB- yuck -RRB- than an industrial one . He 's watered down the `` darkness '' and `` grittiness '' in his music so much , that he might as well be watering down water . The instrument work on this album is terribly weak as well . So much of the guitars , keyboards , bass , and drums all form `` by the numbers '' songs you 'd hear in so many of the mainstream bands of the time ... with the occasional industrial elements , of course.SONGSThe songs on this album are either painfully boring or trying-too-hard to be noisy and dark.An example of the former is `` Every Day is Exactly the Same . '' No joke , this song sounds like a ballad from your run-of-the-mill , MTV-approved alternative rock band . `` You Know What You Are '' is an example of the latter and much like many of the `` masterpieces '' off `` The Downward Spiral , '' it 's just another `` loud '' alternative hard rock song with the occasional industrial elements to it . `` With Teeth '' is n't a good song by any stretch , but I did think the bass in that song was kinda catchy and cool-sounding , but that 's all the praise I got for that one , as it just feels like an angst-laden b-side from Audioslave 's early recording sessions . `` The Hand that Feeds '' is the `` hit '' off this album , and what a pretentious , lame song it is . It 's loaded with hammy poetry and I was gritting my teeth when I heard those horrible lyrics -LRB- `` What do you believe/When you bite the hand that feeds/When you chew until it bleeds '' -RRB- . `` Getting Smaller '' is another track on here that 's supposed to be `` noisy , '' but it 's really not . It honestly sounds like a hard rock `` party anthem '' with an `` angry '' aesthetic to it . `` Sunspots '' sounds like a bad alternative ballad with an electronically-manipulated scream behind it . `` The Line Begins to Blur '' is another example of Trent Reznor wanting to have his cake and eat it , too . It starts off with an industrial beat and while it maintains it , it quickly descends into bad alt-rock territory . I can keep going but I think you all get the picture.PRODUCTIONSupposedly , Reznor wanted to stay away from making the album sound `` digital , '' and resorted to using more analogue instruments and recording equipment . Analogue or not , this album , like all other phony `` dark and gritty '' albums , has perfectly clean production and sound quality . Again , it 's things like this that show Reznor is really a pop musician at heart putting up an image of being `` dark . `` FINAL WORDSkip this album and get your paws on the Front Line Assembly demo collection called `` Complete Total Terror . '' Despite only being demos recorded with minimal resources in 1986-87 , the tracks on this collection show a true love for dark , unsettling music unadulterated by pop melodies and urges for mass appeal.Let `` With Teeth '' collect dust on the store shelves , along with anything else in the music section that has NIN or Marilyn Manson stamped on it .
 Awitha Teetha is certainly the most disappointing thing MTRez has ever done . Worse than the `` live '' album . -LRB- Wait , can you call a recording of a pseudo-karaoke synched performance `` live , '' really ? -RRB- I do n't even know where to start in naming the misfires here . I 'll try to start with the biggest offenders .1 . Almost all acoustic percussion . This is the MAIN problem with the record . Yes , yes , Trent 's made a big deal about wanting to avoid the ultra-clean ProTools sound of a lot of current music . Well , sorry , but all he 's done here is hire Dave Grohl to play the drums . But Trent , you 've built your career on that Front 242 robot beat . This album SORELY misses it . And anyhow , you are n't fooling anyone that this album is n't carefullly -LRB- ish -RRB- assembled in ProTools . What else do we make of the sloppy edits ? Like the one at 2:02 in `` The Collector , '' or the HIDEOUSLY awful one at 3:41 in `` Beside You In Time ? '' We can hear the missed zero-crossing click ! Or the obviously-repeated guitar lines throughout ? It 's as ProTooled as anything in the NIN catalog .2 . The lyrics . Less said here , the better . `` The sooner we realize/We cover ourselves with lies . '' `` Will you chew until is bleeds/Can you get up off your knees/Are you brave enough to see . '' By the way , those last three lines were meant to rhyme . Yes , yes , I know . Please send a rhyming dictionary c/o Interscope Records , LA , CA . The best song on the record , the lovely `` Right Where it Belongs , '' is spoiled by having the line `` Are you sure what side you 're on ? '' followed just two lines later by `` Are you sure what side of the glass you are on ? '' This is one of the best-known rock stars of the '90s . Does he have NOBODY around him with the guts to tell him he needs to edit better ? This is pure amateur hour .2 a. By the way , note to Trent
 After one listen , this cd was HIGHLY disappointing ! I regret buying the album and after a few more listens would probably have purchased 3 or 4 songs online -LRB- The Collector - best song , You know what you are ? - typical yell anthem , Only - great dance , disco song , Right where it belongs - piano ballad , good but not `` Hurt '' -RRB- . The album is incredibly disjointed and does n't really flow well . Trent is obviously out of things to write about , you 'll hear this when he uses lyrics from past albums like `` Nothing can stop me now '' and `` a tiny dot caught my eye '' . Plus , there 's the brilliant `` Flip , Flop , Flip '' lyrics in `` Getting Smaller '' . Fortunately , I bought the Downward Spiral Deluxe Edition and took a trip down memory lane where the lyrics were fresh and full of feeling . One of the biggest fans of Trent Reznor who thought he was a genius is now eating her words .
 this is the worst nin album ever , no contest . this might even be a candidate for worst album ever , if you consider expectations and how much an artist fell short of them . this is terrible music . i started listening to nin when broken came out and then fell in love with the group when downward spiral was released . fragile tested my patience , but i played nice and did my tour of duty -LRB- bought the album , saw a concert -RRB- . with teeth is so bad . my gosh . i do n't know what happened to trent .
 No , every SONG is exactly the same ! Not only is there no distinguishing between songs on this record , there is no distinguishing between these songs and any other song Trent Reznor ever wrote . Except for the single `` Bite the Hand that Feeds '' -LRB- which is catchy , but WAY too poppy sounding -RRB- , this C.D. is soooo boring and monotonous . I 'm VERY surprised this took Trent years to make this , but I 'm not at all surprised every NIN fan loves it . Trent could get away with murder ; he could release a rap metal album or a country album , and everybody would gush over it . Unless you 're one of the biggest NIN fans in the world , do n't buy this ; just listen to `` The Fragile '' again .
 i fear that i , along with most of trent 's fanbase , are no longer 14 . yet he still seems to be extracting lyrics from some 14 year old 's diary . grow up trent . ca n't you write angsty songs about sex or drugs or something other than `` poor me , nobody understands me '' . it 's so tired . and the production is ridiculously pop . where are the layers ? where is the noise ? even `` the fragile '' had a few redeeming moments . this is just fluff . maybe somebody needs to pull some of trent 's teeth out . then he 'd have something to whine about . i ca n't believe i bought this the day it came out . my friends all made fun of me , but i had faith ! i thought trent would come out on top
 Nine inch nails - with teeth review.I have been a nine inch nails fan for a long time now but I have to say honestly `` I waited 6 years for this garbage ?!?!?! '' In every single full length NIN C.D. there has been a dominant emotion in the C.D. or a progression from one feeling to another but it all makes logical sense . This one there is not an emotion in the lyrics in the C.D. that issteady . I feel like I 'm a manic depressant while I 'm listening to this C.D. and some of the lyrics seemingly are not even trying to paint a larger picture to what Trent means.Here is a review of the songs themselves.All the love in the world-is a repetition of the lyrics `` why do you get all the love in the world . '' Through out the whole song , which gets quite boring . And the instrumental is quite mellow and drawn out with a bit of tambourine thrown into it . Quite a boring song .1 / 5You know what you are ? - This song is quite an up beat and fast past song compared to all the love in the world . All the lyrics are `` do n't you know what you are ? '' with a couple f bombs thrown into the lyrics . To maybe make it offensive or something . Sorry Trent this tactic doesn?t work with listeners over the age of 12 that are trying to shock their parents . I will finish this song review with this statement . No Trent I do know what I am why doing you tells me .1 / 5The collector - This song has instrumentals that are quite boring once again . And they lyrics seem to paint a picture of a guy that collects other peoples feeling cause he does not have any of his own . Yep yep Trent nice try to get the anguish-ridden kids to love your music . 1/5The hand that feeds - this is the song that the radio has been playing to get you the listener to buy this C.D. . The music at first is quite boring . But picks up a little pace . So instrumentally it 's decent . But the lyrics I cant understandbits and pieces so I wont write about them . Though there are a lot of lines . `` Will you bite the hand that feeds you . '' Though out the song . 1/5Love is not enough - the instimentals of this song is quite decent though does not hold a candle to any of the past work by this band . The lyrics seemingly are about trying to get a relationship to work but he finds out that it takes morethen loves to hold a relationship together . Though I may be a bit off cause I got so bored with the lyrics that I started to play solitaire for entertainment .1 / 5Every day is exactly the same - this song has some of the best layering of the C.D. Though once again I will say that it doesn?t hold a candle to past work by this band . The lyrics seemingly are about how everyday is the same . -LRB- No duh , I know -RRB- and I did catch a lyric about how there is no love here , and there is nopain , you got to get though good and bad for love . 1/5With teeth - once again the title of this song you can?t forget cause it is repeated 50 million times though out the song . The incidentals seemingly go down hill also . 1/5Only - these songs lyrics make you think that Trent is an egocentric man . `` There is no you there is only me . '' There is a bunch of reference to himself also . The instrumentals are boring and the same chords are used over and over . Well thankyou Trent for making an incredibly boring song about yourself . Maybe you should do what you sing . Hurt yourself instead us the listeners with horrid songs like this . 1/5Getting smaller-this song picks up the musical pace . The lyrics are about being a face in a crowd . And not having anything . Well sorry Trent I did n't realize no money went to you when I have spent so much money buying your merch . Ill next time I want to give you money ill mail it to you . 1/5Sunspots - the lyrics do n't make sense . I understand some songs are not suppose to make sense so im not ducting points from my rating of the song . With old lyrics thrown into it . The instrumentals also don?t do much . Quite toned down and like the rest not interesting . I believe I will do what you say in thissong . `` Burn it up and spread the ashes around '' this is what ill do to this C.D. and take the ashes to the 4 corners of the world because I do n't want too much of this C.D. in one place . 1/5The line begins to blur - all ill say is the lyrics `` the more I stay in here the more its not so clear the more I stay in here . The more I disappear . '' Describe this song clearly cause im disappearing from the waking world and going to thenapping world . 1/5Beside you in time - `` n and on and on and on and on and on ? . this goes on and on and on and on and on '' These lyrics describe this song quite well . 1/5Right where it belongs - when this song opened up sounded like it may be the new hurt . But the song infact lets me down onceagain . I?m not going to even write a review of this song cause you know what illsay by now . 1/5Well I tallied up the full totals of the ratings of each song . And made a full total of this cd . It got 0.215 so I am forced to give this cd a review of 1/5 . Though it pains me to give a NIN cd such a bad review . But im sorry Trent this is garbage . My suggestion is that you buy old NIN C.D.s.
 After years of waiting for some new music from Nine Inch Nails , With Teeth is eaily the least interesting Nine Inch Nails Album , and one of the worst big-name Rock albums released in the genre over the past few years . With a few bright spots , the Synth-Pop `` Hand That Feeds '' and the almost too Happy for NIN `` Only , '' With Teeth still fails to get anywhere .
 good side : finally a new NIN album , Dave Grohl appears on several songs playing drums , Trent 's voice sounds its bestbad side : the entire packaging , the line-up change , lyrical contentstandout tracks : all the love in the world ; the hand that feeds ; every day is exactly the same ; right where it belongs
 This seems an attempt to regain lost popularity , from ambitious though boring conceptual one man efforts.NIN started out as bouncy gothic disco , and this is the best part of this album.Only fits this bill , the best track . It could have been made by NIN in 1995 , or The The in 1985 - the lyrics are even straight from Soul Mining.It sounds more like a band than a man in a studio , and this is good . Broken and some other cuts always sounded stagnant from the studio , whereas live versions or studio performances were better -LRB- a video Broken is the band in a one take , much better than the album track -RRB- .
 Another six years , another NIN album . Why , it seems like it was just last decade that the overbearing-but-pure-bloody-genius double-disc epic The Fragile was unleashed on us ... oh wait , it was just last decade.Folks and folkettes , here we have a diligent new album from the ever-busy -LRB- yeah right -RRB- Trent Reznor . Unfortunately , it does n't do anything that The Downward Spiral did n't do.The problem with a CD such as the Fragile , is that Trent was moving in a more experimental ambient soundscape/angry mainstream industrial hybrid direction , but leaning more to the left . Continuing on that path would have lost him all mainstream acceptance . Lem me put it this way . Have you ever heard of Danny Schuler ? No ? Case closed.Anyway , this is essentially a mix of the worst elements of Pretty Hate Machine and The Downward Spiral . Unispired pap such as ` All the Love in the World , ' which showcases lyrical degeneration -LRB- to the MAX -RRB- and a lack of new ideas . It 's mellower , that 's about it.Next up , we have ` You Know What You Are ? ' Hey Trent , why did n't you call this song by it 's other title , you know ` Somewhat Damaged ? ' Or ` Wish ? ' Or any one of thirty or so songs that he 's written that all sound EXACTLY LIKE THIS ONE ? Is it a part of your contract that you have to rewrite Wish once per album , or something ? You know the drill , constant drumbeat , industrial-fuzzed riff , screaming from Trent ... you 've heard this already.The Collector , huh ? I am the Collector . I have a net . It picks things up . Feelings for me to feed off of.That 's all that 's really needed to say.The Hand that Feeds , the big single . Well , it ai n't that bad . Got a sexy dance beat probably formerly used by Static-X , and more lame lyrics , but it is n't too bad . I like the riff.Love is Not Enough sounds like a Downward Spiral C-side . ` Nuff said.Every Day Is Exactly The Same ? He repeats the chorus too many times , he does n't do anything new , he bores the everloving hell out of me ... yeah , usual for -LCB- With_Teeth -RCB- With Teeth has none.Only is , unfortunately , NOT the ` only ' good song on the album , thus removing my opportunity for a delicious pun . Damn you , Reznor , for not making this song good.The rest ? Same . All the songs sound the same , act the same , and are the same crap.Don ' t bother . Buy the Downward Spiral reissue instead.Sincerely , Nile .
 Sorry kids , been a fan of NIN since ' 89 , old school hate machine and all that , but With Teeth is really bad . Really sophomoric in sound , like a 14 year old 's vision of cheesy emotional lyric writing and rhyming and bad industrial.And it 's surprisingly a little lounge act-ish and barely electronic.With Teeth -LRB- uh -RRB- , the title track , has a musical interlude that sounds left over from The Fragile.Who knew The Hand That feeds would be the best song off the album ? And that is not saying much.I counted several references to other NIN albums as if to remind us , hey Trent used to be good.Sometimes I feel like I was one of the few people to like Faith No More 's angel Dust but holy cow , only a few months ago Marylyn Manson rips off Be Aggressive and now Trent does it with Getting Smaller ?! Memo to Trent Reznor 's best friends
 I would like to say that I consider myself a long-standing NIN fan ever since the release of `` Pretty Hate Machine '' I can honestly say that I think Trent Reznor is the most talented , innovative people in the music business today . Nine Inch Nails has been able to capture that musical masterpiece which seemed only to be getting better and better with each new record . After waiting these last years since `` The Fragile '' I think the anticipation started to build for many of us who were thrilled that NIN was getting ready to reemerge this year . And what did we get ? `` With Teeth '' another centerpiece in a long running music carrer . While after playing the entire album through the first time I felt that about 5 of the 13 songs were able to stand out to me . The disappointment was that after the first week of contunious play in my cd player the ablum never grew on me the way I wanted it to . I think if anything I felt more disappointed in the fact that this album did not stand out to me . The way I describe it to myself is that it would not have mattered to me if Nine Inch Nails ever released this album or not . It will not go down in history as any historical milestone . Sure there will be fans who 100 % disagree with me but thats why it 's good to read some reviews and then make your own conclusions .
 I 've loved every halo , single , soundtrack song etc that NIN has put out over the years . This on the other hand . No . I can not force myself to digest this . All I can say is better luck next time . Basically Trent pulled a St. Anger on us . Yes I use that to describe really bad things these days . That should give you some idea of how bad I think this album is.An artist can not always produce terrific albums every time , but this could have been better . Much better . The hype was so great but the music is so mediocre . I say buy something else that you do n't already have from NIN . Like Still or Things Falling Apart . That way you can bypass the waves of dissapointment .
 All of the people that originally made up Trent Reznor 's backup band have been replaced , and the style of music has gone from heavy industrial rock to emo-alternative with some keyboards . As nothing on this CD is similar enough to his previous work to call it the same band , why is it still Nine Inch Nails ? To say that this album was a disappointment would be a severe understatement . In the months before it came out , everyone was saying it was their heaviest stuff ever . Then I heard `` The hand that feeds , '' and I was disappointed by how happy it sounded , but I just figured it was the softest song on the album and they were just putting it out as a single to get some publicity . But then it turns out it was the heaviest , and now I ca n't wear my Nine Inch Nails shirt anymore for fear that it 's associated with this album .
 I listened to this album several times through when it first came out and have not had the urge to pick it up again since . I think the best way to sum it up is that it sounds like someone is parodying NIN , but in a lighearted way . There 's no more darkness , no ethereal rhythyms , no emotional lyrics . To me , it 's all just plain boring . I was a big fan of Downward Spiral and most of Fragile . This one has none of the merits of those two releases.I understand that Trent was trying to get away from his old sound , but this album is definately not an evolution . If you put NIN albums in a line of musical progression , I 'd say this one would come right after Pretty Hate Machine . ******** I take it all back !!! I have recently picked this CD up again and wonder what I was thinking ! This thing is great ! I still hate `` Only '' and think it is still an attempt at `` radio friendly '' but every other song is a masterpiece . Maybe it 's because I watched `` In Time Beside You '' and am just more enthusiastic about each song now , but I 've definately changed my opinion . I 'd rank this one with Year Zero , which is another one of my new favorites . ***********
 This is not the NIN I grew up with and fell in love with . For all you music lovers just getting turned on by NIN please do not sum up trent reznor 's musical genius by this album . It is at the very least an experiment gone wrong . The Trent I know would n't allow this type of industrial bubble gum to be chewed on by even people he really dislikes much jess his true , die hard fans . If you really want to know what NIN albums to actually purchase then may I suggest `` pretty hate machine '' and `` the downward spiral '' , `` broken '' . I even liked `` the fragile '' . It grew on me eventually . I guess Trent is no longer a perfectionist . I have convinced myself that in this day and age of music swapping that most bands are starting to tour more and release a lot more albums a hell of a lot faster than usual to stay accustomed to living the lavish lifestyle they have grown accustomed to . They are trying to make a living by making music.I do n't know why this was even released for mass consumption.If you are looking for good industrial music then also check outministry `` kianh -LRB- psalm69
 Since no one has any info posted on this release , I figured I 'd just add in some info . This is the same exact `` With Teeth '' everyone knows and either hates or loves , and it 's the same Japanese Import `` With Teeth '' . For those not familiar with this version , it includes the following extra tracks : First 13 Original Songs plus :14 . Home15 . The Hand That Feeds -LRB- Ruff Mix -RRB- 16 . Right Where It Belongs -LRB- v2 -RRB- It also includes a discography DVD , which was available at some videogame stores , which basically contains some clips of NIN 's music videos and their discography . Nothing special , and really not worth $ 40 bucks , in my opinion . You can easily find the other three tracks on singles , or just online . `` Home '' is a decent song , just a WT leftover . `` The Hand That Feeds -LRB- Ruff Mix -RRB- '' is just a plain old remix of the first single . `` Right Where It Belongs -LRB- v2 -RRB- '' is the same exact song as the original , the only difference is that the crowd noise at the end is removed and it 's mastered a little differently.Like I said , okay , but not worth it . The DVD does n't have full music videos , and the songs are just okay or different versions . Find them somewhere else , and save your money . Yes , Japanese import CDs look nice with the packaging , but this is NOTHING SPECIAL . SAVE YOUR MONEY.It 's still a great album , though .
 Say goodbye to experimentation , to anything new or exciting , or to something else that would leave you wanting more by the end of the album . Trent Reznor is out of ideas . Or maybe inspiration . Half the songs on With Teeth are tired retreads of previous albums , but with LESS bite . Trent has lots of reason to be angry , who does n't ? But do n't take it out on the listener , Trent . That 's not to say this album is terrible . Fans of Reznor are like starving people at a buffet , they 'll go for just about anything . It takes you years to come out with something , Trent , I guess I just expected better .
 My impression of this album after listening and relistening to the songs over the past several weeks has been one of blank disappointment . Trent has been my favourite artist for a few years now and I had been awaiting this album religiously . The end result however , has been very depressing.The album begins rather well with the honest , introspective monologue at the beginning of All the Love in the World . Upon hearing this I was drawn in and had high expectations . It does n't take long before the album heads downhill , however . After the first couple of minutes , the song heads into a drawn out repitition of the chorus -LRB- and it 's a very poor chorus -RRB- . It could have been redeemed from this grey area , but instead Trent heads off into a lighthearted , high-pitched chant of the chorus that sounds like it would be better suited for a lame feel-good movie , rather than the latest NIN album . As traumatic as the ending of All the Love in the World is , I was able to shrug it off and move on to the next track.Unfortunately , tracks 2-5 are all skippable , monotonous trash . We begin with You Know What You Are . The majority of the track is dominated by Trent 's Donald Duck-like altered voice screaming `` DO N'T YOU F *** ING KNOW WHAT YOU ARE ? '' No Trent , I do n't , why do n't you tell me ? He does n't provide us with an answer however . Other than a slightly interesting interlude , the song is musically irritating , and the rhetorical nature of the lyrics just leaves the listener scratching their head . Next is The Collector , which I believe may in fact be the most bland rock song I 've heard in my entire life . The lyrics seem to be some kind of metaphor about carrying around feelings -LRB- perhaps bad ones -RRB- , but it does n't make a whole lot of sense to me . Either way , the song itself is so poor that I would n't even want to listen to it if the lyrics were incredible . Like pouring raw sewage on an open wound , it leads right into The Hand That Feeds . Just when you thought the music could n't get anymore plain and and uninventive ... I 'll save myself the trouble of even describing this track , because if you 've heard it then you should have an idea of what I 'm talking about -LRB- crappy U2 leftovers anyone ? -RRB- . Love Is Not Enough comes next . What can I say about this track ? The tempo is pretty dull ; it just sort of drags on slowly without anything interesting . The lyrics sound worthy of Nickleback . Next!Every Day is Exactly the Same starts out really well . After the preceding pile of crap , the beginning of this song sounds like a musical oasis . Unfortunately , it takes a turn for the worst after the chorus kicks in . One thing that I 've noticed about this album is that some of the chrouses just do n't fit very well . This song epitomizes this problem , as we go from a brooding industrial tempo to an Elton John piano chant . The chorus is n't * that * bad , but it just does n't do the song justice and the result is that it does n't have a very good flow . In spite of its lackluster nature , this song is perhaps my favourite on the album -- and trust me , that says more about the rest of the album than about this song , because this song still is n't very good ... Next is With Teeth . Either it 's about a drug addiction or him having a hard-on for some girl ; I sure ca n't tell , and either way I ca n't relate very much . Musically , the song is another boring one . It drags on monotonously with him repeatedly shouting A-WITH-A-TEETH-A , and the interlude -LRB- like many , many other aspects of the album -RRB- is terribly underproduced and comes across a bit too quiet and muffled.Then we have Only . Admittedly , I thought it was pretty cool the first time I heard it , but it 's so dancey and the second verse -LRB- re
 I am a huge fan of NIN and always will be . I have to admit that i am very disappointed in this album , no matter what . They are all weak songs , nothing new . I can even say that there are no favourite tracks in this album . Most of them was constructed from the old materials . As i said i will always be NIN fan so i will look for the next album . I am sure they will come back in top form with the album more creative , more structure and hope that trent will co-produce with Flood again !!
 After buying With Teeth , I was very disappointed . I loved his previous work , because it had a sound to it I could find in no one else 's work . This album however seems more like modern rock than his previous orchestrated discord and melodic synthesized works . Repeating chords , uninteresting uninspired lyrics , simple drum beats , everything I would expect from a normal rock band , not Reznor . His songs just had so much more to them , more than this . It is hard to find a single track on this album that has as much depth as his previous works , its just non existant.There are only 3 decent songs on this album from my viewpoint , Every Day Is Exactly The Same , Only , and Sunspots . Which is another disappointment since I am use to listening through each of his CDs without skipping any tracks , but some of them like With Teeth and Getting Smaller are just too painful to listen through . I got my arms a flip flop flip , give me a break , did Dave Grohl write this song?If he does produce another album I hope he takes it in an entirely different direction , and looks more towards TDS and TF for inspiration rather than PHM . For new listeners , they might think differently of this album , but most of the long time listeners know that this was nothing more than something thrown out there under pressure that turned out to be something less than mediocre.Signed one very disappointed NIN Fan .
 That 's the best way to describe this album . I am not a die-hard Nine Inch Nails fan , but I was utterly captivated by The Downward Spiral and The Fragile . The Fragile also includes some of my favorite songs of all time , number one being `` The Great Below `` So it seems Reznor 's abandoned the innovative , haunting style of The Fragile for something more upbeat , down to earth , and average.There 's very little in the album beyond typical guitar , bass , drums , which is the standard for rock , but after the sort of things Trent Reznor has done before , comes as a disappointment -- with greater style and innovation comes greater expectations.And the album is about as MTV-friendly as a NIN album could possibly be , with very little substance to any of the songs to make them in any way remarkable from one another . `` The Hand that Feeds '' has a very catchy beat , but when you break it down , it amounts to little more than the exact same 5 note guitar riff repeated throughout the entire song paired with some mostly unintelligible and droning lyrics.In my previous experience , NIN seemed to be a fusing of art , music , and innovation . This album seems to pull back on all three of them , perhaps for the money .
 I was so happy with my NIN collection -LRB- Pretty Hate Machine , Broken , Downward Spiral , Further Down the Spiral , and Year Zero -RRB- , I decided to expand it and bought With Teeth . To be honest , I think I could do without it . I do n't think it deserves the four-star rating it has , or even a three-star rating for that matter . After giving it a couple of full listens and listening to some favorites a few more times , even the songs I initially liked started making me ill.Though NIN is known for dark themes , the main theme of With Teeth seems to be nothing but self-pity . I could relate to more songs on the other albums , but With Teeth drones on about incomprehensible personal issues . I just ca n't dig Trent 's whiney voice to music that is less sophisticated and less melodic than his other work . On the whole , it all sounds just very immature and self-centered . I have no idea why this album got popular.After listening on and off for almost 15 years , I still enjoy my other NIN albums and I quickly became almost addicted to Year Zero . If you really like old NIN too , you probably wo n't like With Teeth.By the way , the DVD content does n't make it any better of a value . It 's more like just a promo for all the rest of his albums , which I thought was quite lame .
 I was so excited for this release . I thought I would love whatever it was , it 's NIN ! It 's OK . It 's not great , not bad , but really just ok is not what I was hoping for . I 'll hold on to my true NIN cds , and just let this one mark the official end .
 Unlike Trent 's previous material , this is a bad album and it 's not worth the money . There 's plenty of places on the internet where you can download or listen to the album for yourself prior to buying -LRB- the official nin page at myspace , for example -RRB- . Do that first , because this is n't even worth the money and does n't really deserve anymore sales .
 Ugh , I do n't know what to say other than `` What happened to NIN ? '' If you 're anything like me , you 'll be sorely disappointed by this album . If you 're a big fan of pop tracks mixed in with a bunch of `` brutal '' underproduced songs then maybe you 'll like it ... a bit .
 Trent has given the world 16 years of his terrible music . By now its just time to quit , the world does n't need this nonsense anymore.For truly talented music stick to Good Charlotte , 50 Cent , Britney Spears , Atreyu , Metallica -LRB- Load , reload , st anger -RRB- , and Any emo * nu metal band
 Here is a list of music that is better than `` With Teeth '' : Ulver-Themes from William Blake 's Heaven and HellUlver-Perdition CityUlver-Teachings in SilenceVidnObmana-LegacyPorcupine Tree-In AbsentiaNine Inch Nails-The FragileBass Communion-Bass Communion IIDodheimsgard-666 InternationalArcturus-La Masquerade InfernalSolefald-In Harmonia UniversaliTiamat-A Deeper Kind of SlumberTribes of Neurot-Static MigrationSquarepusher-UltravisitorNine Inch Nails-Downward SpiralBrian Eno/Jah Wobble-SpinnerKayo Dot-Choirs of the EyeNils Petter Molvaer-Solid EtherDavid Sylvian-Dead Bees on a CakeJohn Cage-Music for Prepared PianoJohn Zorn-Xu FengDillinger Escape Plan-Calculating InfinitySidsel Endreson-So I WriteRain Tree Crow-Rain Tree CrowYes-Close to the EdgeOpeth-Blackwater ParkAnathema-EternityScholomance-Immortality MurderKatatonia-Brave Murder DayCamel-CamelToru Takemitsu-Between TidesSteve Reich-Music for 18 MusiciansHarold Budd-She is a PhantomIn the Woods-Strange in StereoGordian Knot-Gordian KnotCandiria-300 % DensityThe Mars Volta - De-loused in the ComatoriumKing Crimson-In the Court of the Crimson KingThe Ruins-Burning StoneThe Boredoms-Vision Creation NewsunNaked City-RadioNeurosis-Enemy of the SunConverge-Jane DoeRed Sparrowes-At the Soundless DawnNo-man - Together We 're StrangerPainkiller-Execution GroundEstradasphere-Buck FeverSecret Chiefs 3-Book MFantomas-Delirium CordiaMeshuggah-ChaosphereEdge of Sanity-Crimson IIBorknagar-The Olden DomainTime of Orchids-Sarcast WhileWinds-Reflections of the IFleurety-Department of Apocalytic AffairsJohn Zorn-Madness , Love , and MysticismSigh-Scenario IV Dread DreamsFredrik Thordendal-Special Defects Sol Niger Within ... and a whole lot more .
 Nine Inch nails are not cool , Gee what year was it 1992 . give it up trent , You guys are posers , Yes you are ... . Buy Ministry rather then Nine Inch Nails , Cuz Ministry is better
 Trent Reznor is a talented artist . `` The Downward Spiral '' was an instant classic ; it still sounds not of its time . `` La Mer '' was the only decent track on `` The Fragile '' . `` With Teeth '' is tired before it even got up.Artists should no longer make `` art '' when they no longer have anything to say . Trent Reznor has become a craftsman .
 if you 're looking for the innovation of `` pretty hate machine '' or the emotional savagery of `` broken , '' you wo n't find it here . even the aptly-titled `` the downward spiral '' held more appeal than this album does , and , for all its soundtrack-like variety , `` the fragile '' was much more listenable.it 's as if old trent reznor is pulling a `` depeche mode '' on his fans -- we all know that the man is capable of creating wonderful music , but it seems as though his intent on making something new and different winds up steering his quality ever downward.i 'm going to unload this cd at the local used cd store a.s.a.p. , and wait for gary numan 's upcoming `` jagged halo '' instead -- better to leave it to the man that started the genre to save it . reznor may have contributed in his time , but i 'll not be buying another nine inch nails album at the rate he 's going .
 I honestly wasnt expecting much from `` with teeth '' after hearing rumors and specualation , and quite frankly what could you really follow up a masterpeice like `` the fragile '' with ? Well I didnt get much either . This album has some serious flaws glaring on its slick surface . The 3 and a half minute pop ditties on this record dont fit anywhere into the NIN we all know and love . Honestly its like Trent died and they got some look alike to make another album unbeknownst to his fans . I see a trend coming , ... that being a bunch of bad albums from this once shining light in music . NIN fans will defend this album to the hilt but of course thats there right . If you like it for what it is fine but DO NOT expect anything approaching a masterpiece . Maybe Its time for TR to hang up the black clothing and computers and call it a day ...
 Anyone who truly appreciates NIN for its brilliance and innovation will not like this album one bit . The lyrics are detestable , while the music is often lost and unnatractively dissonant . ` With Teeth ' plays more like an industrial Staind album that Nine Inch Nails . Some of the songs on the album are so bad they just make me laugh , while the album as a whole is so cluttered it made me vomit on one occasion . ` With Teeth ' has potential to be a mildly decent ablum , however , the lyrics read and sound as if they were written by a 16 year old boy , which Trent has regressed to in making the album .
 Can someone please tell me why Trent Reznor decided not to release this album under a different band name , because Nine Inch Nails is not applicable . There is only one song on this album that even resembles the NiN we all grew to love -LRB- that being `` You Know What You Are '' -RRB- . The other tracks do little to inspire me to truly rebel and bite `` The Hand That Feeds '' . Now if this album was released under a different band name , thus suggesting a different sound or even a different genre , then I would definitely be more acceptable to the change in direction . Perhaps this album would even be better received -- more of a dark lounge-music soundtrack which is in sharp contrast to NiN 's previous and more widely known despair and decaying industrial anthems which we were eager to march -LRB- and relate -RRB- to . But I imagine what we are witnessing is Trent morphing the image of Nine Inch Nails from being this revolutionary , powerful , dark , industrial entity to represent no more than a musical biography of his own trials and evolution through life.I do n't know about other NiN fans but I prefered it when the band 's image stood for something separate than the person 's . Unfortunately since Trent has always been the entire band we were doomed from the start to end like this . Then again this may cause us to appreciate NiN 's older material even more -LRB- since we will never once reach that pinnacle of decadence again -RRB- .
 My impression of this album after listening and relistening to the songs over the past several weeks has been one of blank disappointment . Trent has been my favourite artist for a few years now and I had been awaiting this album religiously . The end result however , has been very depressing.The album begins rather well with the honest , introspective monologue at the beginning of All the Love in the World . Upon hearing this I was drawn in and had high expectations . It does n't take long before the album heads downhill , however . After the first couple of minutes , the song heads into a drawn out repitition of the chorus -LRB- and it 's a very poor chorus -RRB- . It could have been redeemed from this grey area , but instead Trent heads off into a lighthearted , high-pitched chant of the chorus that sounds like it would be better suited for a lame feel-good movie , rather than the latest NIN album . As traumatic as the ending of All the Love in the World is , I was able to shrug it off and move on to the next track.Unfortunately , tracks 2-5 are all skippable , monotonous trash . We begin with You Know What You Are . The majority of the track is dominated by Trent 's Donald Duck-like altered voice screaming `` DO N'T YOU F *** ING KNOW WHAT YOU ARE ? '' No Trent , I do n't , why do n't you tell me ? He does n't provide us with an answer however . Other than a slightly interesting interlude , the song is musically irritating , and the rhetorical nature of the lyrics just leaves the listener scratching their head . Next is The Collector , which I believe may in fact be the most bland rock song I 've heard in my entire life . The lyrics seem to be some kind of metaphor about carrying around feelings -LRB- perhaps bad ones -RRB- , but it does n't make a whole lot of sense to me . Either way , the song itself is so poor that I would n't even want to listen to it if the lyrics were incredible . Like pouring raw sewage on an open wound , it leads right into The Hand That Feeds . Just when you thought the music could n't get anymore plain and and uninventive ... I 'll save myself the trouble of even describing this track , because if you 've heard it then you should have an idea of what I 'm talking about -LRB- crappy U2 leftovers anyone ? -RRB- . Love Is Not Enough comes next . What can I say about this track ? The tempo is pretty dull ; it just sort of drags on slowly without anything interesting . The lyrics sound worthy of Nickleback . Next!Every Day is Exactly the Same starts out really well . After the preceding pile of crap , the beginning of this song sounds like a musical oasis . Unfortunately , it takes a turn for the worst after the chorus kicks in . One thing that I 've noticed about this album is that some of the chrouses just do n't fit very well . This song epitomizes this problem , as we go from a brooding industrial tempo to an Elton John piano chant . The chorus is n't * that * bad , but it just does n't do the song justice and the result is that it does n't have a very good flow . In spite of its lackluster nature , this song is perhaps my favourite on the album -- and trust me , that says more about the rest of the album than about this song , because this song still is n't very good ... Next is With Teeth . Either it 's about a drug addiction or him having a hard-on for some girl ; I sure ca n't tell , and either way I ca n't relate very much . Musically , the song is another boring one . It drags on monotonously with him repeatedly shouting A-WITH-A-TEETH-A , and the interlude -LRB- like many , many other aspects of the album -RRB- is terribly underproduced and comes across a bit too quiet and muffled.Then we have Only . Admittedly , I thought it was pretty cool the first time I heard it , but it 's so dancey and the second verse -LRB- re
 I have been a huge Reznor fan since he came on the scene back in the 80s . When he did a re-release of `` The Fragile , '' I did n't think he 'd ever come out with a new album . `` With Teeth '' certainly is new , but it 's not good . `` Bite the Hand that Feeds '' is the only `` hit '' that 's going to come off of this CD or be played in the clubs . With Reznor , you can usually count on thought-provoking lyrics or at least some complex , thrashing tunes . `` With Teeth '' is without both of these . The music and lyrics are kind of light and lilty like those of , dare I say it , Elvis Costello or Billy Corigan . It says a lot , but it does n't make a real point . Re-grouped groups like Velvet Revolver and Audioslave are at least staying closer to their indie-alt roots . If you want something to remind you of the good tunes from the late 80s , get Beck 's new one .
 Please beware that the Amazon description does not make it clear that this Dualdisc album will not play in most cd players . It lacks a table of contents , and most intelligent cd players just wo n't read it . This includes PCs running both Windows and Linux , as well as many car cd players . -LRB- I 've tried ! -RRB-
 This album is a full six-pack , but it just does n't have that plastic thingy that holds it all together . Nine Inch Nails A.K.A. Trent Reznor 's sound has always had a very experimental feel to it . He is one of a very few people that can consistently take a collection of unrelated , ambiguous sounds and arrange them together in a way that not only makes sense , but speak to a wide range of people . It is what has made him very imitated , but ultimately , uncopyable -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- . But with this album he sounds more like the copy than an original . The vocals of most of the songs are disjointed from the music . Listening to the lyrics I am constantly reminded of Vegas lounge music . The drums and guitars riffs are excellent , the timing of samples well thought , but still needing something to link them together . Perhaps more overlying melody , maybe a bit more background noise ? I do n't know -LRB- if I was that good I would be writing music instead of reviewing it -RRB- . I will say one thing , the album sounds much better in 5.1 than stereo . NIN has always centered around its stage presence -LRB- if you have never seen them play live you are missing out -RRB- . Maybe I 'll appreciate this album more once I see them on tour , but right now , I am underwhelmed .
 Well , if this is how Reznor wants NIN to be now , so be it . It 's his band . However I Do n't like it AT ALL . I 'll just hear The Fragile and think back to that masterpiece which With Teeth does n't EVEN compare to . With Teeth is a band album really , and The Fragile was Trent Reznor . Being a band album is n't bad of course but at least make it good , lol . Anyway , I do n't promote this album in anyway , I 'll always downtalk it if anything . I never said I was a true or die hard NIN fan anyway but I knew when he made great music and this is NOT it . And People have said in reviews supporting With Teeth , saying that it is better and a breath of fresh air from The Fragile ... That is the BIGGEST oxymoron I have ever heard and a COMPLETE stupid thought process to me , lol . How can With Teeth , be a `` breath of fresh air '' to a masterpiece like The Fragile ????? As if The Fragile stunk and With Teeth saved NIN ! Please , there is a reason why the majority of people on amazon gave With Teeth a lower overall rating than The Downward Spiral and The Fragile . Which just undercuts that statement of With Teeth being the saving album . But , hey , people that like With Teeth better than The Fragile although I ca n't see why , is their opinion and they are entitled to it . I just feel The Fragile has n't gotten enough justice . The Fragile has instrumentals , great pop/buzz saw hooks . It is a double CD for a reason , took a lot of time to make it . Bottom line , his most artistic sounding album to date . As to why I give it my support over With Teeth .
 If you hate Nine Inch Nails , you do n't like this CD and probably hav n't even heard it . Do n't review it . If you are a blindly devout Trent Reznor fan ; you ca n't have an opinion of your own . Do n't review it . I think that Nine Inch Nails are a great band and have done some excellent work . Downward Spiral and The Fragile are still two of my favorite albums . This album , however , fails to impress me . It has its moments , particularly the last three tracks . `` The Hand that Feeds '' is good until the end . I did n't mind `` Sunspots , '' and `` Getting Smaller '' actually sounded pretty cool . The rest of the album is a problem . `` Only '' is by far the worst Nine Inch Nails song I have ever heard , it would ruin this album on it 's own . For one thing the drumline sounds like the preset on my six dollar Casio keyboard , also the lyrics sound like a fifteen year old girl wrote them -LRB- less concerned about fitting into the world ... you 're world that is ! -RRB- Also `` With Teeth '' has a terrible chorus as most of the album does . `` All the Love in the World '' tries , but seems like it 's trying a little bit too hard ; it just does n't sound natural at all . The main problem is that With Teeth is just boring . Most of the songs on this album sound exactly the same , shallow , empty , and emotionless . I 'm not looking for the Trent I remember from previous albums , I 'm just looking for an album that sounds good and has some depth , this album doens ' t deliver.I suggest not buying this album . Download some of the songs . If you really end up liking most of them then knock yourself out . Otherwise do n't assume you 're getting a quality Nine Inch Nails album . Try to start from the beginning , Pick up Pretty Hate Machine and work your way from there .
 So I heard the track `` bite the hand that feeds '' a few weeks before I actually bought this album . I was apprehensive since it did n't really stike me as very good , but after several friends telling me this was very much like Pretty Hate Machine -LRB- my favourite NIN album -RRB- I broke down and bought it . It would be an understatement to say I was dissapointed . First of all this is nothing like PHM . PHM in it 's day -LRB- and to still today -RRB- was unique , and in it 's way innovative -LRB- though there were many other industrial acts that we much more innovative even at the time ... ahem Skinny Puppy -RRB- . This album is not innovative . At all . Well you may say that with PHM Trent was exposing his soul on the album . I would agree , and say that even up to The Fragile he was . But this album just does n't feel that way -LRB- save a few tracks which I 'll get to in a minute -RRB- . It feels like he 's playing to angry 14-year-olds , and that 's it . Now before everyone gets their panties in a twist I do n't expect the person someone is today to be the same person they were 16 years ago , nor do I expect artists to keep doing the same thing over and over again . But with the first 3 albums you could really feel his evolution both as a person and as an artist . And even though The Fragile was not my favourite NIN album I loved it because it was innovative ; it was pushing the boundaries ; and it had moments of intense beauty , and intense ugliness . I respected that he was -LRB- for better or worse -RRB- pushing himself as an artist . But I digress ... Most of the album sucks . I hate to say it , but it does . There is only one song that is the caliber of what NIN used to produce -LRB- `` everyday '' -RRB- ; relatively speaking `` bite the hand that feeds '' & ` only ' -LRB- despite its horrible elcrto-clash beat -RRB- are standouts on the album . The rest of it is worthy of the trash can and that 's it .
 One and a half starAfter a five and a half year wait , I was expecting riots in the streets if Nine Inch Nails ' long -LRB- LONG -RRB- awaited followup to `` The Fragile '' did n't live up to even the most rudimetary expectations . But the release date came and went , and lo and behold no riots . But I 'm still waiting.I tried every conceivable way to like this record on pretty much any level that a record could be enjoyed . I lowered my expectaions to a level so far down that it would need to be pretty bad to dissapoint me . But sadly `` With Teeth '' , in my eyes , is a very dissapointing record.What went wrong ? Everything that Nine Inch Nails and it 's de facto leader used to do so well -- dense , layered tracks that can go from brutally aggressive to open calm in a heartbeat , melodic but deceptive songs , occasionally interesting lyrics -- are gone , replaced by a sound that even Marilyn Manson would consider passe.The production on `` With Teeth '' is a low for Reznor , who along with producer / mixer Alan Moulder , usually puts together a pretty impressive package . Here however the songs sound cluttered and busy . Far to often on the record Reznor appears passive about the overall sound quality . Many of the songs do n't sound mixed , but rather as if Reznor had merely turned all the levels on every track to the same number and left it at that.Songwritting wise this has to be the laziest group of songs that Reznor has ever put out . For the most part it 's a `` Downward Spiral '' redux , with occasional parts from `` Broken '' or `` The Fragile '' thrown in for good measure . `` Do n't You Know What You Are ? '' is as aggressive a track NIN has put out , but instead of feeling cathartic it feels tired and obvious . The title track `` With Teeth '' tries to be menacing but instead it kind of funny , ecspeccially when Reznor sings the chorus comes in and Reznor muses `` Awitha teetha '' . `` The Line Begins to Blur '' is just a bad mash of overly distorted instruments creeping into a My Bloody Valentine-esque chorus , and the two records first two singles , `` The Hand That Feeds '' -LRB- a fairly silly politcal song , let 's all admit it -RRB- and the Gary Numen-esque `` Only '' , sound more like the current new wave revivalist a la The Killers and the Bravery then Nine Inch Nails.But the most unforgivable aspect of the records have to be the cringe worthy lyrics that make up the bulk of the record . Once again Reznor sounds as if he were n't picked for kickball in P.E. and man is he mad , but here he resides to cliches and underdevolped ideas to get his point across . The lyrics , pretty much as a whole , sound like the type of stuff that your average seventh grader would turn in for his English class poetry assignment and still make a C . At the ripe old age of forty , I think it 's about time Reznor begins to look to something else for lyrically inspiration.Two decent tracks pop up though . `` All the Love in the World '' will sound vaguely familiar to anyone who has given Radiohead 's `` Kid A '' a listen , but even though the lyrics are still pretty weak , the overall vibe and mood of the song hits the right chords . And the excellent `` Everyday Is Exactly the Same '' would fit on pretty much any other NIN record well , with the records best production , lyrics and songwritting , and one Reznor 's best choruses yet . Hopefully it will be the records third single so I can pick that up.I want to like `` With Teeth '' desperatly , but I just ca n't . It does n't hit me at all and after a few listens I gladly traded it in for my five dollars credit , three dollars cash at the local used record shop . It is without a doubt the weakest non-remix record of NIN 's career , and left with me with only one question : `` It took alomst six years to make THIS ? ''
 With one exception
 I eagerly awaited this album . I loved Pretty Hate Machine . I loved The Fragile . Even the half of The Downward Spiral that I hated , I still appreciated because of the inventiveness and general feeling of Trent pushing the envelope . I have tried and tried to like this new album , but it just bores me and Trent 's lyrics are the worst of his career . I am curious if all the people that have given this album great reviews are still wild about the album now that it has been out for awhile . The only good thing that I can say is that most of the songs remind me of better NIN songs from the past . I 've listened to the older songs again . They are much better . Trent has spent his career redefining himself right up until this album . I hope he goes back to his daring ways .
 A lot of people fell in love with Nine Inch Nails in high school . For me , the two-disc 1999 epic The Fragile perfectly captured the frustrations of adolescence , complete with screaming , depression and a me-against-the-world mentality . From there I picked up the rest of the catalog , and even wasted a Burger King paycheck or two on ill-conceived remix CDs.Pretty Hate Machine was accessible ; Broken was angry ; The Downward Spiral was progressive - each found a special place in my CD collection , sometimes off to the side due to the oh-so-artsy , wo n't - fit-in-the-organizer cardboard packages.It 's been five and a half years since then , and Nine Inch Nails 's latest release , With Teeth , is a little of everything that came before . Only not as good as that description would imply , because Trent Reznor 's songwriting just is n't there.Simply put , With Teeth has too much filler for five years of work . `` You Know What You Are , '' for example , is basically a rewrite of The Fragile 's `` No You Do n't , '' only this time the chorus lyrics -LRB- `` DO N'T YOU F -- ING KNOW WHAT YOU ARE !?! '' -RRB- demonstrate the fall of Reznor 's way with words . `` The Collector '' is sure to collect dust , with a forced gloominess that reminds listeners that , no , Reznor is no longer a depressed , fingernail-painting eighth grader . The intricacies of stanzas like `` I pick things up , I am a collector / And things , well things , they tend to accumulate / I have this net , it drags behind me / It picks up feelings for me to feed upon '' are sure to inspire intense thought . For anyone who does n't know what `` collector '' means or eats feelings , anyway.The title track is another flop , with hilariously exaggerated pronunciation -LRB- `` With-uh teeth-uh ! '' -RRB- . `` Only '' is supremely annoying , with Reznor rambling aimlessly over a techno beat in a matter reminiscent of Pretty Hate Machine 's `` Down in It . `` And so the record drags on , with awkward spoken-word sections , forgettable melodies and half-assed pseudo-pop hooks -LRB- `` She turns me on . '' Very inventive and very funky , Trent -RRB- . Reznor tries to combine the mindless attitude of Pretty Hate Machine with the guitar and computer tones of The Fragile but ca n't quite swing it.Thankfully , though , it is n't all bad . The lead track , `` All the Love in the World , '' steals a melody from The Fragile 's `` Even Deeper '' but redeems itself with a decent chorus and interesting piano outro.Also , while first single `` The Hand that Feeds '' is nothing fresh or spectacular , it is catchy . `` Every Day is Exactly the Same '' is up to typical Nine Inch Nails standards , though the lyrics get a bit cheesy at times , and the verses of `` The Line Begins to Blur '' bring a healthy dose of genuine self-loathing . `` Beside you in Time '' builds from a mediocre beginning into tense , thick , computer-generated harmonies . `` Right Where it Belongs '' is easily the record 's masterpiece - if only there were more like it . A lilting piano melody runs alongside a dreary , processed guitar line throughout the song , laying the foundation for a classic Reznor vocal line . Very much in the tradition of `` Something I can Never Have , '' `` Hurt '' and `` The Great Below , '' it 's perfect wrist-slitting music
 I thought Trent was better than this . Almost every track is boring emo garbage with little to no electronic work . I 've never really liked his vocal work , but here it just deflates because he has few to no catchy melodies . The good tracks are `` The Hand That Feeds , '' `` Only , '' `` Beside You In Time '' -LRB- which is nice and experimental -RRB- and `` Right Where It Belongs . `` The Fragile was good for its length and fairly catchy melodies . The Downward Spiral was good for its lyrics , repeating melody , and storyline . Pretty Hate Machine was good for its vast sparseness and minimalism . Get those if you have n't . Do n't be fooled ; With Teeth has none of NIN 's redeeming qualities or songs which will stick . Trent seems to have sold out just about completely now .
 Nine Inch Nails -LRB- NIN -RRB- is one of my top favorite bands of all time . The first three songs I heard from them back in 1996 when I started listening to music was `` Head Like a Hole , '' `` Terrible Lie , '' and `` Closer . '' Those are what got me into NIN , and I loved both CDs those songs came from , `` Pretty Hate Machine '' and `` The Downward Spiral . '' `` Downward Spiral '' also had other outstanding tracks , `` March of the Pigs , '' `` Ruiner , '' and `` Heresy . `` Then in 2000 , Trent Reznor had a double disc album titled `` The Fragile , '' which was a phenomenal release . `` The Fragile '' contained some of NIN 's greatest songs , such as the hard and fast music in `` Starf *** ers , Inc. , '' and `` Somewhat Damaged , '' to the instrumental `` Pilgrimage , '' through `` I 'm Looking Forward To Joining You , Finally , '' which sounds like something out of a Native American rain dance.After that , Trent seemed to go back into remixville without making anything really new . `` With Teeth '' is the first NIN album in six years , which I , along with every other NIN fan , had been waiting for . Unfortunately , `` With Teeth '' is a major disappointment to both the fans and to Trent as I want to know what he was doing during these past six years.First off , a lot of the songs sound like Trent was just bored when he was singing them , which is highly noticeable in `` Only '' and `` All the Love in the World . '' `` All the Love in the World '' has some potential to it , but the song takes about 3-4 minutes to do so , and then it seems to end abruptly . `` The Hand that Feeds , '' is the first single , and took me about ten hearings before I started to like it , but it is still not the greatest song in the world . Even worse though , it ends up being one of the harder sounding tunes on the entire album . Whether or not that is a good thing has to be determined by the individual listening to this CD , but for me , it is a major let down as Trent can do better than this.The entire album is not a total loss , as `` Every Day is Exactly the Same , `` Sunspots , '' `` You Know What You Are , '' and `` With Teeth '' are decent songs , but could be much better . `` With Teeth '' does bring back memories of `` The Fragile 's '' `` I 'm Looking Forward To Joining You , Finally '' though , so that was enjoyable.As if things were not bad enough on this album , the last three songs are almost unbearable to listen to . `` The Line Begins to Blur '' is just a dreadful song that has no redeeming quality in it , while `` Beside You in Time '' has just as much potential as the ones I mentioned above , but goes by without reaching it . `` Right Where it Belongs '' is filled with piano playing most of the song , but there is just something about it that makes it an unpleasant experience.Finally , the remaining tracks I have yet to mention -LRB- `` The Collector , '' `` Love is Not Enough , '' and `` Getting Smaller '' -RRB- , are so disappointing to the point that the song is forgettable the moment it ends . It feels as if there was no song at all.As mentioned before , for being the first real NIN album in six years , it was a real disappointment . It just feels like Trent needed to get a new CD out to please the fans with new material regardless of how trashy they were.Also , as if disappointment with the music was not enough , the cover art is bland because there is nothing exciting shown , and there is no booklet with lyrics in it.One last item since I own the Dual Disc version . The newspapers in my area made it sound like it was a CD that came with a DVD that contained all of NIN 's music videos sans Marilyn Manson 's and Korn 's `` Best of '' albums . Instead , it is just a double sided disc with one side featuring the music , while the other side , a DVD , contains the same bland music and the video to `` The Hand that Feeds . `` Trent , if you happen to read this -LRB- doubtful -RRB- , I hope your next album has more passion put into it than this one.I give it 2/5 stars , and that is just because it is NIN .
 I thought the CD was a pretty big disapointment . There was really only one good song on the CD -LRB- The Hand That Feeds -RRB- . The cd just didnt have any edge to it . Mabey it should have a name like `` Without Teeth '' . The CD just seems to need a lot more work . It could have been a lot better .
 Have mercy !! Please Mr. Reznor stop making these terrible albums before you destroy your legacy . These lyrics sound like they were penned by a fifteen year old kid that just smoked his first doobie . You used to stand for something ... what happened ? Mr.Reznor who gave you the philosophy 101 textbook ? What 's coming next the `` Question Reality '' tour . Anyways , I 'm sure all the little kids you 're stealing money from are quite impressed by your lame ramblings ... Do n't forget your 5 o'clock workout you muscleman
 I am one of the very few honest people who is NOT afraid to tell it like it is . Pretty Hate Machine was great , Broken was amazing , the Downward Spiral was amazing , the Fragile was decent , and this album is terrible . Going through each track , I found myself hopelessly tuning out due to sheer boredom . Most of the tracks are slow to mid tempo and sound like a 400 pound fat man trying to walk through quick sand . It really falls short . Melodies ? Some people think it has a ton of great ones , but personally I think that A-ha has them beat , and a million other bands . I would n't be as harsh , but after 6 goddamn years of not releasing anything for NIN , I feel entitled to bitch and am SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO glad I did n't kill myself buying tickets to the sold out shows . For everyone else , your a sucker .
 Not worth the 6 year wait . Not only is Trent Reznor not growing as an artist , this CD ranks far below his body of work . The only interesting thing worth noting is he finally got a haircut , but even his haircut is bad .
 Trent has gone the way of music that sounds and looks edgy and hard but is highly polished and non-threatening . You can hear this kind of music in the more hip SUV and luxury car commercials . This is the tremendous downside to being overly-perfectionistic and using very sophistocated studios ; sad , but true . His lyrcism has him sounding developmentally stunted since he 's still singing about things 15 year olds complain about . Trent also tends to reuse the same terminology in his titles and phrasings which make for redundant sentiments . I really wish he 'd delve back into Prince-tinged sexuality like he did on his first three albums ; that 's where a lot of NIN 's meat was . Sadly , Reznor 's music seem 's pretty neutered now , tepidly wallowing in a pedestrian haze of Pro-Tools and overemphasized insecurity.Though Nine Inch Nails may have always been a pop band , it is no longer the innovative force it once was . Trent & co. sound more like an `` industrial '' sampler act for those whose boundries begin and end with MTV and MTV2 , mixing a little rock , a little light electronics and little pop to create a nice package for casual music fans .
 When NIN released this cd , i was super excited , having fallen in love with TDS ... But when I bought it , I could n't help but feel like I 'd been ripped off ... There 's a weird thing with this cd . It feels like the songs are more like demos from the band , not fully finished tracks . Another main problem with the cd is the way some of the tracks seem to be using a formula now . The cd did n't come with any liner notes , but if you 've heard 2 or more of their cd 's , you wo n't need any . You 'll probably be able to just guess what he 's gon na say next . It feels like he sold out on some songs . But it is n't all bad . All the love in the world , You know what you are , Hand that feeds , Only , Everyday is exactly the same , and right where it belongs are good , -LRB- and the bonus Home -RRB- , but that 's less than half of the songs , and the album is too short ... It just does n't feel like enough for a six year wait ...
 My , My ! Where does one begin ? Dull , flat , uninspired ? Maybe , uninteresting . Beethoven is one of the more complex composers to interpret . Mr. Pratt should n't expose himself on such demanding material ; simply not a career booster . Skip this one !
 Strikes me much as eating Chicken McNuggets for Thanksgiving
 Sadly , after repeated examination , it indeed appears that the soon-to-be 36-year-old Pratt indeed splices his recordings -- i.e. , he takes the best individual moments he can come up with to achieve superficial result . Personally , I prefer `` honest '' classical musicians when I listen to classical , as is generally the standard , though I suppose there may be those who simply want to hear what they want to hear for whatever reason .
 A pity of mankind , had it not so grossly combined arrogance and ignorance .
 Do n't even think of buying this DVD , the DVD is not what it said it is . Different director , only 55 mins , rather then 126mins . The real cover is horrible , something that you would never buy . So either the seller made a mistake that it is a different product . or the description is wrong.I bought many yoga for children dvd , but this one , I do n't even want to open it and return right away .
 This guy wishes he was Philip Glass or Steve Reich . He tries to be a modern composer but just does n't come up with stuff that is that interesting . Its like he is trying to make elevator music for the modern world . I guess he had to be the one who sucks out of the group of modern composers , so everyone could use him as an example of bad minimalism .
 Do your drugs , drive your ferari 's , scr * w your hooker wives ... but please do n't make any more music !
 I do n't know how you can listen to this nu metal garbage . I would advise to check out some bands like oasis the strokes brmc blur and stuff like that . Everything Korn has done is all dowtroden nonsense . I think you need some uplifting music before you all slit your wrist.Maybe I do n't really want to knowHow your garden growsI just want to flyLately did you ever feel the painIn the morning rainAs it soaks it to the boneMaybe I just want to flyI want to live I do n't want to dieMaybe I just want to breathMaybe I just do n't believeMaybe you 're the same as meWe see things they 'll never seeYou and I are gon na live foreverMaybe I do n't really want to knowHow your garden growsI just want to flyLately did you ever feel the painIn the morning rainAs it soaks it to the boneMaybe I will never beAll the things that I want to beBut now is not the time to cryNow 's the time to find out whyI think you 're the same as meWe see things they 'll never seeYou and I are gon na live foreverWe 're gon na live foreverGonna live foreverLive foreverForeverBuy the new Oasis album July 2 .
 Since when did N'Sync start playing guitars ? Oh , thats right , these guys are a `` metal '' band . These guys are no more metal than O-Town or Sum 41 .
 Not much of interest on this disc . Slicker production and vocal layering does not make for a more interesting listen . Past records sounded a lot fresher than this . I will admit though that I like tracks # 1 , # 6 , # 7 , # 8 , & # 14 a lot but the rest can go elsewhere . It sounds like Korn is out of ideas especially Davis . Davis was a lame lyricist to begin with but to be singing about the same stuff 5 albums later is sad . I would have like to have seen a little growth out of these guys but I guess I 'll have to be happy with the earlier albums .
 If you think Metallica 's Load and Reload were bad enough , then listen to this awful cd by korn , I Used to like them , but thanks to their stupidity , they will never be brought again , and another thing this is for fieldly , Mariah Carey got something on youAvoid this cd like the flowers in the attic .
 well the lyrics are ok and vocals too but riffs are terrible ! slayer has made good riffs ! they should listen to slayer more !
 I have always liked korn ever since they came out in 93 ' . I felt the 3 year absense of music since their debut of issues . I 'm so happy they made this cd , and hope they never stop making great music . ROCK ON
 If you 're looking for the Korn you know & love you wo n't find it on this disc . The first track is great . The rest of the disc is filled with horrible attempts at disco samplings and other nonesense . I can appreciate trying different things , but it should at least sound good . I think Korn even knows this one -LSB- is bad -RSB- . Save your money and look forward to the new disc coming out soon .
 Oh when I heard the earler korn I was estatic . But I never brought the cd . I did n't buy CD 's then because I would get diapointed by them . But I thought this CD would be different . Boy was I wrong !!! Never again will I buy a Korn cd . They suck so much !!! Its catchy I have to give them that but the lyrics leave something missing ... like a meaning or something to think about . This is one to give to your little sister when shes going through a punk rebel stage .
 This is just plain terrible , there is no way around it . I only give this CD 1 star because it 's compulsory , if I had my way it 'd get -5 . KoRn used to be one of my all time favourite bands , but sadly I think they have changed for the worse . I loved their first three albums -LRB- KoRn , Life is Peachy , Follow the Leader -RRB- and then hated Issues , that was just a plain mess and while Untouchables is slightly better the music is only a ghost of what KoRn used to be.I understand that today bands have to grow to survive , but this is n't growth , it 's decay . The music is flat uninspired and frankly boring , with each song on the CD sounding similar and repetitive , and the lyrics ... BORING ! What happened to the hard hitting and ferocious lyrics of the KoRn of old ? Untouchables bombards us with these whining , crying lyrics which smack of self pity and self indulgence.Simply put if you are new to KoRn and want to here them at their best purchase one of their first three albums and stay as far away as you can from this garbage . If you are a KoRn ` veteran ' save your money and stick with their older stuff , remembering what a good band they used to be.KoRn have n't ` came back ' with Untouchables , they 've stepped out ...
 DO N'T BOTHER GETTING THIS ! IF YOU WANT KORN GET ANY OF THE OTHER CDS BUT STAY FAR AWAY FROM UNTOUCHABLES !
 Korn use to have reasoning and feeling behind their music but now , after all the fame and fortune , how could they find their inspiration for music about hate and disgust ? Untouchables was n't made with any feeling , it was made because Korn knows that is the kind of music they are famous for . They 're making money and having a good time and that 's why they made this album yet this album is about hatred and evil , which does n't make sense . No inspiration , no new material , no originality , the most disappointing album I bought in 2002 .
 what happened to the days when i could pop in a Korn CD and feel proud that i was experiencing a unique band , riding the crest of a wonderfully new musical revolution . Korn forged a path led by Jonathan davis ' whimpers , growls and viceral frustrations , and exposed through dissonant guitars and a bowel stirring rhythm section . anyone that has seen videos of korn 's early club shows know they are relics to their humble and still emotional beginnings to a band with huge potential . However , success is the kiss of death for most bands and Korn is not excluded . Issues , Untouchables ... was n't there another one ? The point is , KORN is reduced to only going through the motions . They are putting out weak albums one after another and raking in the money from the innocent and wide eyed TRL generation that are really too stupid right now to give a ... . I am reminded of a time my friends and I were riding through the back roads in Rochester NY and we hit a deer . it was thrown to the front of the car and lay in headlights semiconciuos and kicking . It was n't dead however after each of it 's kicks it seemed to drift off a little more . Naturally it made me sick to see such a beautiful animal suffering with really no hope for survival . Thank you .
 This is a weak cd . Im a huge fan of their self titled cd , and I think that FTL is a good cd too . Ive tried to like this one , but it is just weak , and lacks trademarke korn sounds ... oh and its too soft .
 Korn is an amazing band , let me start off by saying . I enjoyed every single on of their albums , even Issues , and I was rather excited by the release of this album and the great single , Here To Stay . Unfortunately , this album does n't deliver.First , the good . Obviously , Here To Stay is a great song , and a great first single . However , the true best on this album is Thoughtless . On this song , they actually use melody , which this album lacks INTENSELY . A few other good ones are Embrace , Bottled Up Inside , and One More Time . They are all somewhat catchy , and show that Korn remember how to be heavy . Now , on to the bad.The bad is , well , a lot of the album . We 'll get to the -LSB- bad songs -RSB- in a minute . A good portion of the tracks , like Make Believe , and Hollow Life seem like filler tracks . They feature nothing new and innovative , and they are just plain disappointing . Now to the ugly.The ugly
 This is korn worst album to date , it is simply boring , every song sounds the same.KoRns best album is `` Life is a peachy '' , go get that instead if you dont have it yet -LRB- their 2nd album -RRB- . The problem with this cd is , that after listening to it a couple of times , you allready wan na trhow it away , it 's worn out really fast ... . unlike their 1st and 2nd album ... even `` follow the leader '' was better than this ! . Buy the `` Ill NiNo - revolution/revolucion '' cd instead , or `` Killswitch engage - Alive Or Just Breathing '' ... you wont be dissapointed with those !
 Let me start off by saying that I am big fan of Korn . One of my all time favorite bands . This album however , I feel is not top notch at all . Why critics are giving this album a thumbs up I do n't know , especially when most of them panned the musically superior `` Issues . '' `` Issues '' was a fantastic album , I rank it second in the Korn catalog hot on the heels of their self-titled . This album , musically is not as diverse . Jonathan Davis does not explore the length of his vocal range as he did on `` Issues . '' Structurally , the song arrangements are not as varied as in `` Issues . '' That album had more diverse song structure , and uniquely identifiable songs . I played this CD and only was drawn in by a couple of songs . `` Beat It Upright '' is really the only song that caught my attention . The album has the same musical tone ... no real high , or color notes . Just a lot of dissonance and sludge . This album is almost on even keel with `` Life is Peachy . '' Both of these albums offer little musical diversity and offer no real changes in key from Korn 's normal low register tone.Also , after 5 albums , multi-platinum status , and millions of adoring fans ... I find it hard to stomach the `` my life -LSB- stinks -RSB- '' syndrome . I write music too , and let me tell you my life has been `` less than stellar . '' When one matures you must learn to let go of anger and hate to move on with life . If not , then we do n't really `` go anywhere , '' which is what is the problem with this album ; I do n't really see Korn going anywhere . Even after a thunderstorm there 's a possibilty of a ray of sunshine . Korn has been in a perpetual thunderstorm . I 'd like to see the sun come out at least once ...
 not a huge korn fan , probably because i realy dont care for nu-metal . there was a time id say that just because it was cool to hate nu metal and love the old stuff , which i do . however i thought it was time to stop posing like this and give korn , the creators of nu-metal , a spin even though i hadnt really liked Follow the Leader or Take a Look in the Mirror . i had Take a Look because i really liked the singles Right Now and Did My Time . I listened to the album , not much to right home about . no other songs were really worth a crap . then a friend gave me follow the leader , and i didnt really like any songs on that . but i figured , after a reccomendation from another friend , id try untouchables . i liked the first song , but that was about it . so my problem with Korn is their lack of consistency . theyll open up with a good heavy song , then go into a half-sobbing eerie song , then one with rap , then one with weird sound effects . their guitars have a real distorted toned down feel , which doesnt really work . the bass rattles alot and sounds kinda funny and the guitar riffs are relatively repetitive and simple . Jonathan Davis isnt really a bad frontman when he actuallly does a metal voice . problem is he blends a sort of rap , metal , and almost reggaeish voice together and it doesnt always come out sounding good . and he does something in some songs where it sounds like hes playing with his adams apple . i suppose korn could work for you if you really like eerie , weird , distorted stuff , but i personally prefer to stick to older metal .
 I 'd like to start by saying that Korn is my all time favorite band . That being said , other than `` Here to Stay '' this album is insanely weak compared to their original stuff . I understand that a band needs to evolve to stick around these days , but I truly believe if they had kept putting out albums much like their self entitled or Life is Peachy they would be just as successful . I thought Issues was bad until i heard this cd . Im sorry to say this but I will have to retire Korn from my listening until they prove that they can kick some serious ... once again . But , not unlike Metallica , i dont see that happeningR.I.P .
 This is a ok cd ... but not the greatest ... follow the leader is the best they ever came out with & issues is 2nd to that . In Follow The Leader every song I loved , but this cd is -LSB- not good -RSB- compared to follow the leader ... i remcomend buying FTL if you do n't own it already . I 've been a KoRn fan along time and they can do better than this ... it 's obvious some of these KoRn fan 's do n't know what there talking about when they give this albumn 4 or 5 stars ... i mean come on this album only had about 3 or 4 songs i like the rest is just junk ... ...
 To be honest I had thought this new KoRn album was gon na kick ... but when I bought it I right away did n't like the way it sounded.I thought it was gon na be some metal like in their Self-Titled album.The reason it was not good is because all you could really hear is the same way te music sounded over annd over and over so it got anoying.The only song that at least sounds alright is track 14 . Lets hope that the next album will be a promising 1 .
 Man what happened to these guys , I just dont understand . They Go from putting out three of the greatest metal albums -LRB- Korn , Life is Peachy , and Follow the leader -RRB- to this garbage ?? Only thing in this cd which caught my attention was the lyrics , Davis is a really disturbed mind , and at least he doesnt talk about being molested as much anymore . I guess if your Issues fan get this cd otherwise please dont waste your cash .
 This CD is a pretty big let down . I was around for the 1st Korn CD , and I was hooked . I loved that CD . It was amazing . Then LIP came out , not as good as the 1st one , but still pretty good . Then , Korn hits MTV era . Follow the Leader and Issues were n't good , and I was waiting for Untouchables to come out . I got it , and I feel cheated . This CD makes Issues seem great . Like I said , this CD is a HUGE letdown . I think most of the original Korn fans know this , but do n't buy this .
 Since when did N'Sync start playing guitars ? Oh , thats right , these guys are a `` metal '' band . These guys are no more metal than O-Town or Sum 41 . I 'm sure all the little Korn fans that call themselves `` hardcore '' will not find my review helpful -LRB- even though they 've already bought the damn album -RRB- and click that little button over and over again .
 With their fifth release Korn moves further away from what made them great ... the pure emotion of thier music and lyrics ... davis 's voice doesnt have the hard edge that he did in Korn and Life Is Peachy , they try to show they are the same band but fall way short , and even worse ... they try to show how much theyve grown by having Davis actaully sing songs ... something he should not do ... i write this review not as someone who dislikes korn at all ... in fact they were my favorite band for many years ... if you want to hear GOOD Korn listen to Life is Peachy and Korn ... and if you crave that emotion i highly recommend Daddy on Korn ... if your favorite Korn album is Follow the Leader ... go ahead and buy this album ... if you arent one of the millions who joined korn after that album and heard them in the beginning ... DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM ... KORN IS DEAD
 i think that korn 's new cd is an ok cd but i know that their past cds have been much better . i think that all the songs sound to much alike and that they did n't have enough differences between songs . i will still like korn but i miss the old stuff . ~ sonia ~
 I 've listened to KoRn for forever . I love em , but what the heck happened to ya ? This does n't even sound like the same band . The `` old '' KoRn was MUCH better than this , go back to it !
 Korn 's first three albums were great . They rocked and they meant something . Troubled people found comfort in their music , as did people trying to work through something and people that liked the catharsis of the thing . I fell more into the third camp , using Korn to take out my frustrations and deal with feelings that never quite came up in the regular course of my life.All that being said , however , Korn has now fallen out of my favor . Their third album , `` Issues , '' sold out to popularity . The band knocked something together as quickly as they could so that they could capitalize on the TRL crowd before they defected . At least that album had a couple of standouts , though -LRB- `` Let 's Get This Party Started , '' `` Trash , '' `` Wake Up , '' `` Falling Away From Me '' -RRB- . This album does not . It feels half hearted at best . It inspires little emotion in the listener . It does not rock quite so hard as one would like it to . Whereas at one time Korn inspired the rap-rockers , they now sound indistinguishable from them.If you 're going to buy this disc you better like the big hit single -LRB- `` Here To Stay '' -RRB- a whole lot . You see , there are exactly three likeable and interesting things on this CD
 It actually took me about a week to listen to this all the way through . I found it very dull . I was really looking forward to hearing this because I thought Issues -LRB- their previous release -RRB- was n't very good . But it crushes this album . . 10 times .
 i do n't understand what happened , i waited 3 long years for this ? Korn is by far the best and most talented nu-metal band alive . all of their 4 albums are masterpieces . they are the fathers of nu-metal . they had the creep style -LRB- fieldy and david 's partnership -RRB- in their music which made them unique , different , and more superior than other nu-metal artists like Disturbed , Drowning Pool , etc.Now here comes untouchables , the creep style has been completely altered . only feildy keeps up his bass skills . David is using a completely different style of drumming that -LRB- to me -RRB- is a parasite for korn . just sit and compare two songs , and you will understand . they only song that keeps up their legacy is Alone I Break . there are only a few good diseased songs . Blame is real nice and No One 's There . Every other song does n't live up to Korn 's past music . Here to Stay is by far the gayest song i have ever heard Korn play . I was horrified to see Korn 's name on the tv screen while i was watching the video . I kept on saying to myself that it could n't be true.Don ' t get me wrong this album is good . but i 'm giving it two stars because it -LSB- is bad -RSB- compared to the previous records . You can look at it in this way . You remember the game Devil May Cry for ps2 , and how it blew everyone away . And then they released Devil May Cry 2 , it made us cry comparing it to the original Devil May Cry . It was still a good game , but it -LSB- is bad -RSB- compared to Devil May Cry.I know many people already have this cd , so just borrow it , pick the good songs , and burn them . use your -LSB- money amount -RSB- on Mudvayne
 Do n't get me wrong , I 'm a huge KoRn fan , but honestly , they 've gone majorly downhill since the days of Follow The Leader . They exploded onto the scene with their self-titled debut . Jonathan made it clear that KoRn was here to say -LRB- oh , the irony -RRB- . But , honestly , each album carries less of the original , which is rather depressing . They 've gone soft as far as music , though the lyrics are pretty good . I think it 's time for Jonathan and the guys to return to the old sound or just put down their instruments and walk away with what little dignity they have left .
 There is nothing good to say about this album . This horrible I used to like this band . Now they have sold out . All their new fans a posers trying to be hardcore . If you want to be hardcore listen to impaled . A real band that dose n't care about radio friendly-ness . If you like this -LSB- junk -RSB- you probaly watch mtv to much ...
 I can wholeheartedly say that Korn represents pure hate better than any other band currently . Unfortunately , there is nothing original about their delivery or their sound . There is no outcome , solution , or message inherent in the songs , just emotional despair - despair that starts to sound like whining after the umpteenth song about hate , hate , hate . They have made a career out of profiling teen angst , while their songs are on second glance , vacuous . The shows bite , the atmosphere is depressing ; Axl Rose and/or Mike Patton did vocal ventriloquy better than Davis ever could , and the current crop of Top 40 anger bands are thin , untalented shadows of them . At least they celebrated their anger rather than regurgitated it to the extreme .
 Certainly , you 'd think Jonathan Davis would somehow prevent being raped this past ten years . Yet again , another musical and certainly a lyrical failure . There 's a grinding , repetative guitar in near every song but two . How about some versatality ? A solo ? Anything ! There are no intriguing guitar riffs in this album . Everything about Korn tends to be mediocre.Certainly , since nu metal has no definition and has been mostly used as a negative adjetive , Korn = nu metal . `` I bash my head into a mirror i dont havv to seee da pain , pain ! '' . Oh my good god , someone point out one , even remotely unmediocre aspect about the album . The vocals ? Certainly , there are maybe two decent tracks like `` hollow life '' and `` hating '' , but that 's not going to raise this album above a two . Korn should thank Michael Bienhorn for these two above mediocre tracks.Listening to Jon Davis in interviews and in albums is entertaining . `` I paint scabs instead of flowers '' . Wow , that touched my soul . This guy has an IQ of about 55 , and most of his band , save for his drummer , are cockamamie louts . At the very least , you could say Johnny boy has a good heart . That 's about it .
 korn fans are like a cult . Korn lost the little talent they had after their first cd . And somehow they 've managed to become MORE depressed and messed up . Ya wan na know how ? It 's fake ! They 're new stuff is grunge with repditive shallow lyrics . If your a member of the korn cult , pick up this cd . If you wan na follow around the korn cult and be `` cool '' too , pick up this cd for 20 bux . Or maybe you wan na have your own opinion about it and ACCUALLY think on your own , get a real CD .
 KoRn-Untouchables is the worst KoRn album ever to tell the truth . I have been a KoRn fan sincs KoRn-Issues -LRB- GREAT ALBUM ! -RRB- and I have all their other albums , this one sux . The only good songs are `` Here To Stay '' , `` Thoughtless '' , `` Wake Up Hate '' , and the softer song , `` Alone I Break '' wich saves it from having 0 stars , but those songs are ` nt that great . All the other KoRn albums are awsome . So if your a big KoRn fan buy this album . If you think you might want to become a KoRn fan , buy Issues or KoRn first but buy this one last . This album was a real dissapointment in my opinion . And all those other people who said this was the best KoRn cd ever , I have know idea what they were talking about.Best To Worst KoRn Albums :1 . Issues - This cd has like 10 awsome songs on it ! -LRB- CONTAINS NO RAP -RRB- 2 . KoRn - KoRn 's Debeut albnum is some of their best and their heaviest . -LRB- CONTAINS NO RAP -RRB- 3 . Follow The leader - A pretty good album though there is 2 rap songs , the rest is all good .4 . Life Is Peachy - I had a tie between Life Is Peachy and Follow the leader , so i just put this second . Cool cd . Has one rap song .5 . Untouchables - My least favorite . This cd is very heavy but the songs are n't that good . -LRB- CONTAINS NO RAP -RRB- Well , that 's all I Have to say about this album . Maybe nextime KoRn . -LRB- stay away from Limp Bizkit and Linkin Park -RRB- Other bands I like
 This albums is a stinker . I mean stinker . If this album was a movie . It would win at least 8 rasberry awards . First of all . There is absaloutely no originality here . They are doing the exactly the same thing they have been doing for the past 5 years . they spend more than 3 milion dollars on it which i find hilarious considering that , there is not a single good song on this album . They rely on the producer and the producer manages to bring out one of the most unoriginal piece of garbage . They should hire some real producer here who actually makes album sound good not bad . Jonathan Davis who is utterly a really sad man needs to find other subjects to sing about instead of saying . I Hate everything , everybody is mean to me , I ca n't live anymore . He is crying like a little baby on this album and has on most of their previous LP 's . I think it 's okay to talk about personal issues and problems that have accured during someones lifetime but not vine and not sing about it in every song with the same style and the same lyrics . The music which often is the same on each song does not bring anything new . The melodies are yeah yeah and so on . Overall this is a poor effort . Really a poor album that everybody should stay away from . No wonder it has fallen of most charts by now . I give it a one star for the artwork and their home web page which is really good but other than that a poor effort . one star .
 it makes me sick to think that this album is getting stellar reviews . the singing is absolutly horrible i cant get over it . Jon blew out his voice back in 98 when follow the leader came out and hes been singing like a sissy ever since . If you can `` relate '' to this album because you get beat up or harrassed its because you listen to garbage like this . Wake up Hate is horrible , i really cant even grasp the reason why a decent band would put out garbage like this . This is all comming from an early fan who wants to kick everybody who loves this album ... you have no musical taste at all . really , this isnt diverse or melodic , its horse dung ... nuff said .
 I 'm not gon na have a long drawn out opinion on here . I was dissapointed because I thought Korn could have done a lot better . I loved all their other CD 's . Well Issues was ok , I would n't say that was Korn at their best . They had forever to put this album together , and it still -LSB- was bad -RSB- . The only really good track on here was ; `` Alone I break '' . That was it . If I was Jonathan , I would bag Korn . They have obviously -LRB- and unfortunatly -RRB- lost their edge . Come on guys , do n't pull a Metallica .
 ... , unlistenable followup to the Stellar `` Issues '' CD . They spent 4.5 million to make this piece of ... ?! One or two decent songs , and the rest is just the same rehashed riff that has defined `` nu-metal '' for the past few years . Do n't waste your money .
 Ok , I know that everyone is always dissing on the fans that have been a fan since the very first album and do n't like the new change . They will say things like `` Quit complaining . '' `` Just let them do what they want to do . '' `` Suck it up . '' But this is truely an album that should n't even be with their other cd 's . They should have a special spot in the store for albums like these that is under the catagory `` Rejects '' . I do n't have anything good to say about Jonathan Davis ' voice . I think it 's pretty much gone and I 've even heard some of them in the band mention that in interviews and stuff . I know he ca n't help it . After years of screaming I 'd loose my voice too . But you do n't have to sing high like a girl ! The music does n't even sound like guitars half the time . I think this is an album that would be a lot more difficult live to do . The songs just did n't sound too thought out . It sounded like they had beats and samples in the studio and just wrote the first thing they came up with to go with them and there was the song.I 'm dissapointed in this , but I 'll always be a Korn fan . I think that they are sort of turning out like Metallica , not comparing the two . Metallica is ` Metallica ' and they can put out anything they want now and people will buy it just because it 's them ... which they proved on their last couple albums . Same thing is Korn . Korn can put out whatever they want because they are Korn . I 'm curious to hear what this new album will sound like without Head though .
 The worst CD I 've ever purchased . 10 reaons why :1 . Since 1992 , Korn has not gotten better . You would think after all that money they 've made , `` Untouchables '' would show improvement over previous releases .2 . This album is what teens today and in the future will call heavy metal . This album heavy metal ? Hardly .3 . Robin Quivers of Howard Stern calls this a great album . Unbelievable . Ca n't imagine what they are paying her to say that .4 . Fred Durst would be poor white suburban -LSB- ... -RSB- without Korn and albums like `` Untouchables '' .5 . `` Bring me Down '' is the most rediculous , overdone single I 've heard since Staind put out `` Its Been Awhile '' .6 . `` Untouchables '' , while costing millions to make , offers nothing new to the industry and instead plays on old , worn out riffs and ideas . This of course will lend to thousands of other acts doing the same .7 . `` Untouchables '' all sounds the same , with the same whining voice of the lead singer , and the same worn out seven string guitar , anyone could duplicate the performance of .8 . `` Untouchables ''
 Korn may be one of the first of the nu-metal wave , and are probably better than most of the drivel , but that does n't mean that their latest album deserves any kind of credit , especially when it sucks so bad .
 I get more and more excited with each passing phase of Korn 's longstanding career . It 's a real hoot to listen to music that bbq 's hope and life into a simmering , charcoaled mess . Why do we have to be subjected to tunes that have no melodic sensibility or rhyme and reason ? Does every single hard rock band have to fine tool their musical agenda into nihlistic abandon and gutter-breath dictorum ? John Davis is ill . Seriously . This man not only needs the love of God , he needs a proffesional therapist . His `` band-mates '' can rape their stripped down d-tuning `` rock '' fro all it 's worth to bust their happy bubbles , but the youth of america is sick enough without justification and proof in a disc as trashy and emotionally manipulated as this ersatz cubic serconium . Do n't touch `` Untouchables '' and get molested by it 's pointless despair . Pity the `` woe is me ! '' banter of Davis that continues forward ever since their debut . I think their music frankly sucks , anyway , from a musical standpoint . Music has melody , driven with heart and sensitivity . This is a mess of an album that simply riles up the inbred instincts of rebellion . I 'd highly reccomend `` Blindside '' sold here at Amazon . It 's not only far superior in it 's musical execution , it 's refreshing , unlike the contiuing ruminations on hate and fury that provoke no thoughts . Korn needs to be popped until it 's kernals are black . Then THEY should `` take a look in the mirror '' to see all the wallowing darkness and demonic inspiration they truly uphold . Pittance .
 I am a metal fan . but this album and the whole scene right now is a big disappointment . I believe the end of the world is coming soon if people think this is good metal ... It seems all contrived and redone and polished in the studio . no surpises , no songs with any messages of value . Just sell the albums to dopey kids who are willing to buy them . Whats next , Korn is going to have their own fashion show ?? Put another string on their guitars and take some voice lessons and maybe you will have a group . Thank goodness it will be over soon .
 Korn has always -LSB- stunk -RSB- , but they sink deeper into poseurdom withUNTOUCHABLES . No matter how hard they try to sound ominous , it ` sconstantly ruined by Jonathan Davis 's self-indulgent whining.I could barely stand to listen to UNTOUCHABLES ; it 's absolutelyawful and utterly bereft of intelligence and artful thought ; this CD just glorifies meaningless rage . Quit listening to Kornand discover intelligent bands like Circle Of Dead Children andIntense Hammer Rage .
 I love Korn , I 've loved them since 95 when I got their 1st album . After owning this album since the day it came out it pains me to say this album sucks . It 's boring and I ca n't remember a single song from it . The lyrics are boring , the drums are boring , the guitars are boring the bass is boring . Also before the album came out they made a big deal that this was recorded in some brand new style , I hear know difference with any other CD I own . Their 1st 4 albums are great it is too bad people dismiss them because they are numetal . Now that Head has left the band because he falsely believes he found God , Korn is more than likely finished . Stick to the 1st 4 albums which are very enjoyable , skip this one and Take a Look in the Mirror another disappointing album . Bottom line this album is a waste of money , so use your money on something else .
 That 's the question I ask to all the people all over the world . I know all the Korn fanatics will say they do but I think Korn has been slipping into nothingness for a while . A look at Follow the Leader and then Issues , over exposure , and the pressure to reinvent themselves is a very large task . Can they really bring back the fun capabilities that the self titled gave us?The CD to me is a little bland with every song sounding the same and Jon 's voice getting a little reptitive . Yes , it is different but it 's not a good different . It 's a `` yeah that 's good try again '' good.The lyrics are the worst part . Everything is `` I hate this I hate that '' . Is America really going to care after September 11th ? Also , with new inventive bands like The Hives , The White Stripes , The Strokes , and the very new The Vines , Korn just can not compete . I say one more goodbye album would be fine to end Korn 's career is a nice idea.Although I bash the album , I do like some parts . This album IS darker than previous albums and also Jon 's voice HAS matured . Nu Metal also pales in comparison.In general , Korn is getting old . Their lyrics and music better do a big 360 to gain a better rating . Look at Incubus they started out one way and changed to another . They did not lose anything in the transition and their sound has gotten a major facelift . Korn 's CD is worth a download but never a buy . If you want some good stuff in rock try The Hives , The Strokes , The Vines , The White Stripes , the new Incubus CD , and Linkin Park . ** Also , to all the `` freaks '' who loved to be hated in society it 's getting a little old and juvenile . Korn is not Goth and never has it been . **
 I ca n't belive what I 'm saying , but this album is so terrible it 's sad !! It pains me to think the ONLY song on the disc is `` Here To Stay '' but it 's true . I have never disliked any KoRn album -LRB- and never thought I could -RRB- . To make this as painless as possible ... I feel like I just ran thru a KoRn field backwards.You to will feel KoRn-Holed after you buy this insult of a new album !! KoRn needs to drop the K and spell it CoRn . Do n't get me wrong ... Of course after you wasted your hard earned money on it , you will try to make yourself believe that you actually like a song or two on it . But deep down you 'll know the KoRn legacy is over . I know what your thinking ... Either I do n't know what I 'm talking about or you have to hear it for yourself to believe it . Well guess what ... I said the same damn thing !! Good luck and see ya in the funny papers if you take your chances !! You 've been warned !!
 Once upon a time I was a huge Korn fan , but with each passing album , I like them less and less . `` Issues '' was a bad album , only surpassed by how completely awful `` Untouchables '' is . This band is regressing badly , and they are in desperate need of something new . After `` Follow the Leader '' , I was excited to see the direction they would take , but they have been a dissapointment since . This album rehases their formula , which was once inventive , but now is boring . Jonathan Davis sings about the same whiny problems in his life , as though he could not think of any new material to save his life . When I heard the first single , I laughed out loud because it was so bad , and after about 30 seconds of Here to Stay , decided that I would not buy this album and no longer be a fan of this band . Needless to say , I gave it a chance , and that was an hour of my life I will never get back.For fans of Korn , if you still want to like them , do not get this album , stick with the first three .
 THIS . ALBUM . SUCKS . BIG . FAT . RAUNCHY . FARTS.I was hoping korn could of turned back time and fixed this crappy album like those f *** ing retards in `` Timeline '' !
 I do n't know what you people are thinking saying this is a good cd . You must be all those people who came up to me when follow the leader came out and said `` Have you heard Of Korn '' F yes I did . They came out in late 94 . Once Life is Peachy came out and addias became a hit they have lost their touch . I remember in 95 they were opening for megadeath . WHO REMEMBERS that ? Also in 96 they played a small club in nashville and did not sell out tell an hour before the show and were playing with THE URGE of all bands . I never thought i would ever right a review like this about korn but they have gone commercial which is acceptable to a certain extent everyone needs money but they have lost their og style ! What happened to `` ARE YOU REEEAAADDDYYY ? '' After i seen the 1st family value tour 3X i gave up on Korn and understud they were not the same . I will admit though that after Issues i had hope but they let us real og fans down . Korn you are a clown .
 This Album is a huge disappointment for anyone looking for a saviour of the declining `` numetal '' scene . It has none of the raw power of their first effort and is not anywhere near as innovative as their third . This is a continuation of everything that was wrong with Issues -LRB- their weakest effort -RRB- . This band is not , what their publicist would deem , maturing in there efforts . Nor are they contributing to the evolution of numetal in any positive direction . After years of being innovators in the metal scene they now seem content to follow their own imitators in producing polished radio friendly pop melodies -LRB- listening to `` Alone I break '' is painful for any fan of Korn 's old sound -RRB- . They seem to have forgotten who their fanbase is , in trying to appel to a broader rock audience . No longer does Davis growl through clenched teeth . He now sings atmospheric rock music , alien to fans of their earlier sunken live sound . This CD is not a good buy for oldschool fans . That said , it might appel to fans of the type of corporate-massed-produce sounds of bands like Papa Roach , Disturbed etc. .
 Wot has happened to the band that i loved at album one has jonathon davis had a sexchange because he souns like a girl and the whole album this continues pure assult to the ears .
 Well , well , well.I went to they concert ones , oh my god . I still have a headache till the present day . I thought that I came to psych hospital facility instead of concert.This is not a music . It ca n't be called rock or metal or anything else . This is a noise for people who are using drugs on daily basis . These Korn guys looks like on high doses also . And they have no talent at all , just hit the strings , and synth does the rest . Also listen to lyrics , my goodness , where we go ? Hopefully great musicians like Dio , Iron Maiden and others still exist .
 And you might think after many years of bad music -LSB- they -RSB- have improved , well that is n't the case here.Don ' t waste your time or money on this .
 OK Korn 's first and second CDs were groundbreaking and should be in every heavy music fan 's collection but I guess it 's true that success can make you jaded . This new CD is very weak musically and lyrically . The Amazon reviewer hit it right on the head.I dont think Korn can ever match the innovation of thier first 2 efforts . David sounds like he 's bored , and the other guys in the band just dont have that fire and creativity they use to have . Looks like Korn have made thier millions and now it 's time to give upthe music and live out the rest of thier charmed lives .
 Even though Korn is my favorite band , I was disappointed in this album . I tried to like it but I just could n't . It just does n't sound like Korn . When the `` Here to Stay '' came out , I had high hopes cause that song did rock , but the rest of the album is just bland material , its like they tried to do sappy rock ballads on some of the tracks . But I 'm glad to hear that on the next album they 're going back to their roots , so if you wan na check out Korn , just skip this one and get the self titled debut or `` Issues . ''
 This was touted to be KoRn 's hardest album to date . I was PSYCHED when it came out , but when I listened to it , I was GREATLY dissappointed . Please dont get me wrong , I love kOrN , have all their other albums , and have seen them live , but this album just does not stack up to the others . If its your first KoRn album you will LOVE IT , but you MUST get their self titled debut album , KoRn and Issues . Then you will see what I am talking about .
 It 's my impression that Korn has relinquished their `` ghetto hard-time '' stories in order to pursue that of the Slipknot themes . Hate and kill everyone because of problems the band members encountered 25 years ago . Still the same basslines , hard-hitting tunes , and recycled motifs that make Korn such a beloved band amongst the wide range of mismanaged middle-class teens that thrive on relating their lives to Davis 's songs so they feel as though the tragic ledgers of their lives seem to take on some importance . `` Alone I Break '' is the only truely appealing track I got out of this CD . Then again , we 're talking about me , the individual that listens to the CD for actual music qualities and tunes out the lyrics or meaning of the song . It 's my impression that Korn would be a wonderful band if they left out the `` ultra-heavy '' -LSB- stuff -RSB- . which corrupts every song that has a decent start . There is no screaming on this track , just actual singing . An accoustic guitar pops in on the chorus , which I 'm surprised to find . This is their first step on the path of greatness . Korn obviously has the intuition to create some amazing songs , and if this is a sign of their maturing , I 'm begining to like them .
 I was , and still kinda am , a Korn fan , but this album was such a big disappiontment . All the tracks seem to blend together and by the end of the album , I had fallen asleep . This album is far from the groundbreaking and memorable sound of the first two albums . I just hope that their next album 's songs are actually distinguishable or else I 'm going to rip their sticker off of my instrument case .
 i only gave this album one star because there is no `` zero '' . korn is the most pathetic excuse for a `` metal '' band i have ever seen or heard , yet somehow , they manage to suck everyone into their void of trendiness . korn 's music is for people who think they 're metal , who want to be hardcore , who think they 're cool and hard because they listen to loud , immaturely angry music ... kids who think the world is on their shoulders ... WAKE UP ! society does n't care about you , and it 's time to deal with that ;] if you want to listen to REAL metal , try something with a bit of depth to it , like megadeth or slayer -LSB- not new slayer though , even though it puts korn to shame -RSB- , and for anyone who listens to this ... remember , you have been desensitized . korn is just another papa roach with a little bit of seniority . if you 're a hardcore fan , try some slipknot , or soad , or coal chamber 's 1st or 3rd album , or meshuggah , or maybe sepultura or soulfly . if you want metal , get some old slayer or basically any megadeth album . this music is WAY heavier than korn . LET 'S OPEN OUR MINDS , CHILDREN !
 I was once a Korn fan . Their first album was one of the greatest hard rock albums ever . `` Life is Peachy '' and `` Follow the Leader '' were also very good . But something very bad has happened to them lately . The music , which once challeged the boundaries of what defined `` havy '' -LRB- yes , even on `` Issues '' -RRB- , has now turned into bad synth-goth , sort of like maybe what Orgy wanted to be . The lyrics , once angry and throaty , have finally delved into unintentional self-parody and are delivered in an annoying whine . This might be the single worst album I 've ever spent money on . If you 're new to Korn , get one of their first three albums . If you 're an old fan , this is going to disappoint you greatly . You 're better off downloading this one . I wish I had .
 I 'd give it 3 stars , but I feel compelled to offset all the 5 stars that people are tossing out like candy.I think this is Korn 's weakest offering to date . It 's OK , but a certain sameness permeates throughout . For me the only standout track is 12 . This album does n't have the raw power of # 1 , the anarchaic quality of # 2 , the power and innovativeness of # 3 , or the amazing riffs of # 4 . Most dissapointing is the overall rythym . On many of the songs the rythym section could just as easily have come from a drum machine and sequencer.Korn 's now sounding a lot more like everyone else . Is that good or bad ? You decide . This is an OK album . Better than a lot of the other stuff out there . For me vaguely disappointing considering thier previous stuff . Is thier best now behind them ?
 The change on the sound of KORN on Untouchables is absurd ... The KORN formula is not very varieted , but albuns like LIFE IS PEACHY and KORN 'S debut are raw and insane and got many good metal songs like BALL TONGUE , BLIND , DIVINE , SHOOTS AND LADDERS , LOST , ADIDAS and NO PLACE TO HIDE ... On Untouchables , Korn puts a lot of eletronic textures and the music became much more depressing and sick , which i do n't like at all ... Besides the great opening track HERE TO STAY , i do n't like any other song ...
 Do n't bother buying this rip-off . If you want a good Korn album , buy the only good one
 Korn are a band which is all over the music press . Highly respected and with a huge fan base . I though this album would be ok or at least good . But no . It is really not anything at all . There is two genres of song here .1 . Very heavy intro , very chunky and difficult to make out .2 . Synth intro , adding instruments , not very catchy just dull.All the songs within these genres sound the same . And are not really good at all.The most annoying thing about this album is the lyrics , Every single song Davies -LRB- korn singer -RRB- is constantly complaining about his `` hurt '' . It gets really annoying , just shut up and get over it ! It is really korny . -LRB- like this pun -RRB-
 to rate this album more than 2 stars ... you would have to be a foolthe korn we all loved has been asphyxiated by an attempt at `` expensive '' production.If you could over produce an album , i think korn has done it ... was that a guitar ... or a computer?What the hell did jon davis just say?Where they real drums ? they didnt sound like it!hahahahthis album is a joke
 I have been a KoRn fan for years and greatly anticipated this album . I was almost embarassed as a KoRn fan when I heard it for the first time . The raw energy and emotion is lacking in this album .
 KORN HAS ONCE AGAIN FIT THE ROLE OF THE EVERY DAY AVERAGE ROCK BAND . THEIR INDIE STUFF WAS PROMISING AND HAD POTENTIAL . THEIR FIRST COUPLE OF ALBUMS WERE THE BOMB . ` FOLLOW THE LEADER ' ROCKED ... . BUT THEN CAME ` ISSUES ' , WHICH IS STILL OVER PRICED AT -LSB- price -RSB- ON -LSB- local store -RSB- . WHEN I HEARD ` HERE TO STAY ' ON THE RADIO , I KNEW I HAD TO GO AND BURN ` UNTOUCHABLES ' OFF THE NET . BUT ONCE I DID I REALIZED IT WAS THE BIGGEST WASTE OF MY TIME . ` HERE TO STAY ' IS THE ONLY GOOD SONG ON THE ENTIRE ALBUM . IF YOU DO N'T BELIEVE ME , GO WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY ON A CD THAT SOUNDS ENTIRELY THE SAME FROM ONE SONG TO THE NEXT . I USED TO LIKE KORN .
 I 've listened to Korn for five years , and it 's really been sad watching them get more and more pathetic with every album they release . The self-titled is the only one where they take themselves seriously and write songs without tap-dancing on effects pedals . Life is Peachy is good as well , but only because the band spends half the album making fun of heavy metal/themselves , which is hillarious . Then you have Follow the Leader and Issues , which are , for the most part , unbearable . But both of those terrible CD 's sound like Pink Floyd when compared to Untouchables.Every song has the same feel , same chords , same overproduction , same stupid lyrics . It was a lot more fun to listen to Korn when they wrote songs like `` K *** '' and `` ADIDAS '' that had entertaining lyrics and fresh-sounding riffs . This is an album full of bad musicianship and overly gloomy `` exorcisms of pain '' that are nowhere as sincere and real as `` Daddy '' and `` Kill You '' of albums past . Korn used to be one of the best metal bands in America ; now they 've joined the group of posers trying to be good , original , and heavy but failing ... If you want to hear some ... who used to be great , but somehow lost all their talent , then waste your hard-earned money on this piece of plastic . It 's your decision ...
 One of the most notable aspects of Korn 's music is that it has continually evoloved . Some bands constantly churn out the same material and ultimately stagnate . Do n't get me wrong , this CD is most certainly Korn ; i.e. , Fieldy 's percussion style bass , etc. . But , Untouchables is certainly the current pentacle of Korn ... My personal favorites off the CD are , Here To Stay , One More Time , Embrace , and I 'm Hiding . The song Hollow Life , alone , has added a new dimension to Korn while at the same time showcasing the bands incredible musical talent ... . In other words , Buy the CD !!!!!
 Oh god , what happened to this band . This is a disaster.If you like some sick hybrid of pop mixed with death metal then you will simply ADORE this album . Do n't forget whiny vocals and terrible , childish lyrics.If you like metal -LRB- good music -RRB- , then buy Life is Peachy , Self-Titled , and yes , even Follow the Leader.STAY AWAY FROM ISSUES AND UNTOUCHABLES ! ESPECIALLY UNTOUCHABLES !
 I 've always been a big Korn fan , I hooked in about the time that Follow The Leader came out . Anyways , when I heard that Korn was coming out with their new album , I rushed to the store to get it . Came home , popped it into the stereo , and all I got was disappointed . While the album has its few good songs , overall its not my cup-of-tea . I prefered Life Is Peachy and Follow The Leader to their new one . I think the band wanted to make something new , something that took it in a new direction . Bad move . Although it does have its good songs , like Here To Stay , Im Hiding , and Wake Up Hate , the majority of the songs were below average.If you 're an older fan of Korn , I dont recommend this one .
 This is just commercial metal at it 's worst . Korn is just another band that needs help selling their music so they beg MTV to help them . Their music reminds me of a bad dinner , a few minutes after listening to it , you vomit it right out . Korn claim to be metal , but to me they look like a bunch of white boys posing with their guitars trying to form a cool rap band . This music just raises one issue , nothing .
 Is it just me , or does every Korn album sound exactly alike ?? I 'll give em credit because they were at one time ground breaking and original . Korn 's 1st album set a new standard for up and coming metal bands . But now almost every nu metal band sounds just like them . They 're not really a bad band , they 're just stuck in a rut . All their songs sound exactly alike - the same guitar riffs , basslines -LRB- Fieldy is a pretty good bassist -RRB- , drumlines , and same whiny vocals . If you have one Korn album you have them all .
 This is the new Korn album . I 'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you surfed to this page on accident . If you are truly dense and must hear this , borrow it from one of your mooky pals .
 ... that would even top `` Follow the Leader '' , EASILY KoRn 's best album to date . The rumors of record-breaking production monies , the band being quoted in pre-release interviews citing `` Untouchables '' as their ` masterpiece ' had a good many fans breathlessly anticipating this offering.The production does sound good ... well ... HEAVY anyway . There is a certain murkiness that does not lend itself to KoRn 's turn to a more melodic approach to their songs . Jon Davis 's vocals are quite interesting on some songs , especially `` Hollow Life '' , where he sounds like the wicked mongrel of Axl Rose and Trent Reznor . And there is a song or two on the album where it 's all there , such as the spectacular `` Make Believe '' . The problem , though , is that Head and Munky went into the studio with ZERO new ideas . Whatever those two have been doing for the last three years , it is apparent that they HAVE N'T been practicing!I mean , talk about monotony ! The majority of the songs on `` Untouchables '' chug along with two or three-chord heavier-than-earth riffs , but nothing here sounds fresh . Whatever happened to the dynamicism they displayed on `` Follow the Leader '' , maybe the best metal album in the last five years ? Perhaps Head and Munki should spend less time showing off their new mansions and cars on MTV and actually devote some time to reversing their now two-album musical slump.Suddenly , the `` Leaders '' are hearing the footsteps behind them ...
 i bought this album thinkig it was going to be great what a letdown . this is easily the worst korn album ever when issues came out that was quite a let down to but this is just PANTS . if you dont have all the korn ablums dont bye this one buy one of the other far superior albums as buying this is just a waste of your cash !!!!
 I wish I could give this CD 0 stars.The Fake Metal band every REAL metalhead despises is at it again with another crapfest of thrown together hooks and neverchanging guitar riffs . The drums are slow as a fricken turtle and he could n't go any slower with those clicky ass double bass drums . Johnathan 's voice could n't get anymore annoying . He sounds like he has a twig up his ass and I want to punch him because he sucks . Fieldy is a pretty good bassist , I 'll give him that but he should join a BETTER band , like Cryptopsy . If you think this CD is heavy , prepare to be blown away and listen to something really heavy , like BREEDING THE SPAWN by SUFFOCATION .
 This is officially Korn 's worst and most overrated album they have ever put out . The only real Korn song is Here to Stay . The rest of the other songs are all plagued with problems . Either the choruses are strong and the verses are weak or visa versa . The record in general is overproduced resulting in what sounds to be the neutering of Davids drums . The snare has n't packed a punch since Follow the Leader . Other then Here to Stay I constantly feel the urge to press the skip button . Jonathon Davis obviously spent enough time writing these lyrics , but it 's the way he sings them at some points that make me cringe . The thing is that with Untouchables , the lyrics were great but the music felt incomplete . With Issues , I felt it was the other way around due to the fact that they had less time to work on it . Even though this leaked onto the internet , I 'm not surprised it did not sell well , which is why they re-released it in a limited version with a bonus DVD . Also theuntitled remix of here to stay kills the original . If you are a big korn fan and for some reason do not have this cd yet , then I suggest hunting down a copy of the limited version with the DVD -LRB- get it used and cheap -RRB- and that way you can avoid listening to the god awful remix because thankfully they removed it on that version . Korn tried an experiment here and it was a complete failure , which the exception of Here to Stay . That song alone bumps my rating up to two stars . Do n't get me wrong , I have been a really big Korn fan for a long time , but lately they lost their edge somewhere around Issues . I doubt they will ever be able to return successfully to the days of old -LRB- especially with the loss of Head -RRB- , but we can still listen to their old stuff and hear something truly great and original that no one ever seemed to replicate . Sadly that fact looks like it can now be said about themselves . They can still make good music , but nothing will ever top their early stuff . Hoped this helped .
 I dont know what happened this cd really really really sucks the only good song in this is Bottled Up Inside ... wow what happened KoRn ?
 With their fifth release Korn moves further away from what made them great ... the pure emotion of thier music and lyrics ... davis 's voice doesnt have the hard edge that he did in Korn and Life Is Peachy , they try to show they are the same band but fall way short , and even worse ... they try to show how much theyve grown by having Davis actaully sing songs ... something he should not do ... i write this review not as someone who dislikes korn at all ... in fact they were my favorite band for many years ... if you want to hear GOOD Korn listen to Life is Peachy and Korn ... and if you crave that emotion i highly recommend Daddy on Korn ... if your favorite Korn album is Follow the Leader ... go ahead and buy this album ... if you arent one of the millions who joined korn after that album and heard them in the beginning ... DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM ... KORN IS DEAD
 You know , I believe my musical tastes have progressed enough to be able to laugh at korn . For starters , all of their music sounds exactly the same . But still ... their music is missing something , oh yeah , music ! I mean , what is this ?? Truly , korn could only be enjoyed by the desperate 12 year-olds trying to fit in with what they think modern popular music is . I ca n't blame them however , they ca n't help it . I blame radio stations and mTV , both of which have destroyed decent music by repeating the nu-metal/rap-metal music that people like me ca n't help but laugh at . Anyway , like i said , there is absolutley no musicianship anywhere on this cd . Now , some of you may be thinking
 I loved ` issues ' , it was inventive for them and fairly cinematic with odd hooks . Their original disc has great songs . ` Life is Peachy ' was great when very angry and ` Follow ' was kind of fun in a sick way . Untouchables is really unappealing to me , all the songs are just dull , like it 's a parody of the band , I thought Jon was supposed to be more mellow from the prozac?I think they need at least one decent guitar riff , make new instrumentals , find a new way of expressing with better , less blunt lyrics or do not continue making music . Do something exciting , maybe a concept album with drawings or SOMETHING new . Get a haircut maybe , I dunno ...
 My last two reviews were on my first-ever metal album -LRB- now 608 -RRB- and my long-standing favorite video game . I figured I 'd mix it up a bit.Korn pretty much piloted this pop-culture phenomenon - however briefly it lasted - called nu-metal . I 'm going to hack away at this tree from the bottom up.To begin with , Korn 's influences . According to Korn 's official website , founding member Jonathan Davis `` faced many hardships -LRB- including alleged child abuse , violent schoolyard bullying , and an abusive step-mother -RRB- , and he later used these experiences to inspire his song writing for Korn . '' It also reads he can play other instruments , such as the piano , bagpipe , and harp . Tough life . No arguments from this reviewer here . According to Wikipedia , musical inspiration came from
 Satisfactory , is the only best describing word I could use for this album . When Korn first came out , they were new to the nu-metal scene they were change from grunge . Their first few albums were classics , now they have changed their style of music to compete with various ... like Linkin Park and Sum 41 which does not compete with Korn 's classical old style . I think they have had there day and they are just trying to keep in the runnings of the new millenium bands , which in my view are utterly ... maybe it 's me or is there no room left in the world for decent music . Unlike this new commercial farce of nu-metal .
 i like korn a lot , as a matter of fact they 're one of my favorites . but this album is no good . not one track sounded good to me . there were a couple that i found almost listenable . what happened ? his voice is different in this and there are no drums . it 's all synthesizer . my favorites are issues , follow the leader , and their self-titled album -LRB- awesome cd -RRB- . this album is not like any of those . no talent was displayed on this album .
 Untouchables , IMHO is n't very good . People seem to , in their reviews constantly be saying `` Do n't you like change ? Dont you want innovation ? '' . And I do . Unfortunately this CD has only change , and not innovation . Korn 's `` new '' sound is new only to them , and not to music in general . In other words , this has all been done before , just not by Korn . And in my opinion , done better.I 'll break down the different parts of the music , starting with : VOCALS - 1 In a word , awful . Davis ' voice has seriously degraded from CD to CD . His attempts at screaming sound completely forced , and his attempts at singing seem flat out silly because of the combination of a lisp and whininess that he acquired for Issues , and an unfortunate yet unidentifiable accent he seems to now use . Also , he tries to sing falsetto , but falls flat on his face.GUITARS - 3 Decent . Improved from Issues , with much more variety in the lighter parts , with some nice slide guitar effects integrated with melodic playing . Unfortunately , 70 % of the heavy riffs are barely distinguishable from each other , and on the whole completely unmemorable.RHYTHM - -LRB- Bass and Drums -RRB- 2 Ehh ... . Some interesting drumming in track 13 , but overall just decent . The Bass is different than in older CDs , with less slappy sounding bass , and more traditional sounding rolling bass . I think the older style of bass playing was more distinctive , but whatever , im not a huge Bass fan.Korn
 I heard J Davis got voice lessons , cant you tell ? Boy , from the first single I thought it was Korn featuring Robert Plant . His voice is amazing . And Fieldy is getting so much better at the bass , and the Head guy is shredding out beautiful power chords . Korn rocks , I 've never been to a Korn show , but if my mother ever let me go , I would meet my boys of Korn and ask them how come they are so remarkably talented and how Davis can get his voice to sound like he was being pinched by a crawfish . Korn will SAVE ROCK AND ROLL . we need more bands like Korn , well wait ... I should n't complain , we do have Paparoach , limp biscuits ... you get my point . Real music fans love korn.Let me rate the songs for all you : : : :1 . Here to stay - Terrible an absolute mockery of everything rocknroll once stood for2 . Make believe - Terrible . Davis whines like my sister-3 . Blame - This is music ? How do they figure ??? 4 . Hollow Life - Stop whining already . . PLEASE ...
 I 'm sorry , but these guys are just trying way too hard to sound like Adema . I have no idea who these guys are or where they came from , but they might as well just go home now , because there is no chance that they will ever go platinum .
 Korn is like alot of some cool fans before TRL decides to market them to snotnosed 13 year old kids who claim they are the greatest band , if you want a good band listen to bands like Aerosmith the Beatles bands that can stay together and not sell out . I made the mistake in byuing this new cd hoping that it would be good I was dead wrong it -LSB- STINKS -RSB- the only good song is the 1st one . The rest of the cd is Jhonathon Davis winning and moaning like a 2 year old baby . Come on Korn you graduated Berkley College for MUSICANS Act like it not like Sell Outs
 Cd is not worth the money to buy it . Plain and simple . Do n't waste your money on this cd .
 Korn are my favorite nu metal band.Us Korn fans waited 3 years for a new album and we got THIS!There are 5 good songs on here . `` Here To Stay '' , `` Blame '' , `` Thoughtless '' , `` Alone I Break '' , and `` Embrace '' . All the others are boring.The riffs are lame and the songs are NOT as heavy as the old Korn . `` Here To Stay '' , `` Blame '' , `` Thoughtless '' , and `` Embrace '' can all be found on the Korn Live DVD . `` Alone I Break '' and `` Here To Stay '' can be found on Greatest Hits Vol .1 . Do not waste money on this when you can get the 5 good songs elsewhere .
 This is by far the WORST KORN ALBUM EVER ! Forget about the rage and emotion from the first 2 albums . Korn can be defined by their first 2 albums , period , the rest of the `` experimentation '' side of the band is pure crap , where are the dark , sick and full of emotion Jonathan 's screaming ? where is the funky-fast riffs of `` Divine '' ? forget it , it ' gone ! When i started listening to Korn -LRB- back in ' 94 -RRB- I was amazed by the refreshing and incredible sound , specially for the emotion on the lyrics and the singing ... but now , everything is about money , MTV and fame ... just like in the song `` Got the Life '' but the saddest part is the video clip for that song became real ... so sad . I still dreaming of that crazy wild Jonathan wearing sequined Adidas track-suits on-stage and screaming his guts out while he was singing from the bottom of his heart ... but those days my friend , are gone .
 ok here a play by play of the album1 . Here to stay
 You 'd think after 10 years , Jon would have something better to do than whine some more . The sound is thicker and heavier , yes . But lyrically , they have n't grown much since 1992 . The bass line about halfway into `` I 'm Hiding '' sounds almost exactly like `` Here to Stay '' 's bass line .
 this cd sucks no afence 2 korn . i like there other cds like there debut and all of them except for untouchables .
 Korn have outdone themselves by releasing what is not only their worst album , but the worst album i have ever had the displeasure of owning , i sold it to some kid for 5 bucks . This album is the worset album of the year , do n't buy it .
 Now do n't get me wrong I loved Korn 's early work , Life is Peachey is still one of my favorites , but they are really losing their energy on their last two albums . Really Follow the Leader was there last good album . Issues was a mess . Untouchables is better but with only so few great songs on the album we have go to worry where they are heading . We all know they can do better . Anyone that things this is a great album is in denial about this band . Unfourtanetly this will probably be the last Korn CD I buy . When the only good songs on a CD are the ones on MTV why buy it ?
 This is by far the worst thing korn has ever put out . the songs have no rythm . this cd -LSB- stinks -RSB-
 I was a huge korn fan until they released this album . Everyone of the songs is a disappointment . `` Here to Stay '' sounds good at first , but the bridge of that song is rediculous , and listening to one song over and over again is sad . This album confirms that even korn is not immune to the seemingly inevitable slow , poppy death that so many good bands have experienced . DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM !
 This is the most horrible cd by korn definately -LRB- Issues ... too but at least had 2 good tracks on it -RRB- . Old school korn lovers will hate this album . The old harder stuff by korn is awesome ... this just plain ... There isnt really a good track on the whole cd . I dont know where korn is goin with this new ... sound but they need to bury it .
 I have been a Korn fan for many years and I was hoping they would n't sell out like other bands do when they become succesful . Musically speaking , Korn did a good job with ` Untouchables , ' but I think they tried too hard to appeal to the mainstream-pop crowd . When they first came out , Mr. Davis was full of rage and aggression , which is why I liked Korn so much . Now the vocals have a whiny feel to them . Unfortunately , Korn has gone soft .
 Do n't get me wrong , I L.O.V.E. KoRn , and must take a lot for a KoRn fan as deticated as I am to say anything by them -LSB- is horrible -RSB- , but this album -LSB- is horrible -RSB- ! The only reason I gave this two stars instead of one was because of the songs ` Here to Stay ' and 'Em brace ' , the only songs that have something I can bang my head to . The other songs sound all sweet with Jonathan makeing all thses squeeky noises , and with Munky and Head playing one or two strings at a time , and with Feildy gently plucking at his bass , and with David lightly tapping on a tambarine , instead of rocking hard like KoRn is supposed to . I for one wish they had stopped with Follow the Leader , because KoRn has really lost their touch .
 After reading some of the reviews on here , I thought I 'd share my 2 cents . First Korn album is by far the best , Life is Peachy was pretty good ... Follow the Leader ... biggest piece of trash I have ever heard , excluding maybe 2 or 3 songs on that album . After hearing Got the Life on the radio every hour , I decided to never listen to the radio again . I was sourly disappointed in the album , but I still bought it . When Issues came out , it was pretty much a last gasp for Korn , and while its a good album , only the first half of it really sticks out in my mind . Then came Untouchables . Sure when I heard Hear To Stay I was like `` Woah , that sounds like a mix of S/T and Issues , thats awesome ! Ca n't wait for the album now ! '' ... bought it ... and , well , Korn is n't doing anything new really . I frequently find myself skipping over songs on this album -LRB- although yes , Thoughtless , Hating and Alone I Break get repeated often enough -RRB- . My take on the new ` Korn ' sound
 Do n't get me wrong ; I love Korn to death , but the magic is n't there anymore . The fact is that the style of metal that they created has been beaten to death by countless imitators -LRB- Limp Bizkit , Linkin Park , Disturbed , Slipknot and at least 60 % of the bands on modern rock radio -RRB- . I does n't sound as fresh and as innovative as it once did on their first two albums , Korn and Life Is Peachy . And they even beame revitalized with making their nu-metal more progressive with their best album , Follow The Leader and Issues . But Untouchables and their most recent album Take A Look In The Mirror did something that actually few rock albums actually do ; it bored me . I rarely listen to either of them , and I do hope that the band recaptures the creative spark that the had through the 90 's . Peace .
 The pain and misery of ones childhood embraced through spine tingling vocals , and crying guitars , beatiful ! the shreiks of a man so deep in the abyss of torture just went bye bye . untouchables is a POP album , im sorry to say it but it is . i no longer listen to these guys very much , unless its the first two albums , and rarly ill pop in the other two , but this ! this is a mistake or somthing . what a dissapointment i thought i knew o johnny boy better than that . ah well . Children of Bodom rules the ruins !
 I can never say I 've been a KoRn fan but I know what heavy metal is , ... and sadly this is not it ! I think KoRn has been getting softer after every album and more commericial . If you were looking for another KoRn CD like there first one then do n't buy it , but if your looking for something like poser wannabee rock -LRB- * cough cough * Limp Bizkit -RRB- then by all means buy it ! I gave it one star cuz of `` Here To Stay '' was pretty much the only `` heavy '' song on the CD or else I would have gave it 0 stars . But if you like new metal & who does n't go downhill after every album then I suggest Slipknot or Mudvayne .
 I have been listening to KoRn since before they hit it big with Follow the Leader , since the self-titled LP . KoRn has never been able to make a better album than their first , but Life is Peachy was still raw and had the same energy and even though Follow the Leader was a commercial success , it was still KoRn moving in a good direction . A couple years later KoRn has been reduced to absolute ... . This album is horrible . John Davis does not even scat or play bagpipes on this record , and there is none of the emotion , demo-type rawness in the music that made KoRn so excellent in the first place . I will forever respect KoRn for their first three records , but I can not even acknowledge Issues or Untouchables as KoRn albums ...
 I cant believe people still listen to this -LRB- stuff -RRB- . The only thing this band has done consistently since their frist album is make bad albums . The only place this belongs is in the ... . Every song sounds the same just like the last four korn records . Go buy something worth your time like Tool or System of a Down
 `` Hello . We are Korn . Back in 1995 we sorta invented ` nu-metal ' . We didnt mean to but it happened . Ever since then we 've basically found a job . All we do is we keep repeating ourselves to tears till the last person listening to us yawns him/her/self to an inglorious death . But in the meantime we are making lotsa dough while endorsing cool sneaker-companies and playing shows all ovah da world infront of hysterical kids who think they are seeing ` true metal ' . But hey , like we said , it 's a job man . Look out for our next rerun in a year or so when we release our next ` harder than the one before ' album ... ok ? `` Ok . First of all , this statement that Davis -LRB- the Korn singer for the uninitiated -RRB- made before the `` Untouchables '' hit the market -LRB- `` our next album will be our heaviest yet '' -RRB- reminds me and many 1000s more of 30-somethings of ... Manowar . This is exactly the statement that we used to hear from Manowar back in the torturous 80s until Manowar entered the Guiness book of Records for being the loudest band in the world . And simoultaneously the most hilarious . `` Huh '' you said ? Since when has metal become about making the next album heavier than the previous ? What is this ? Who ever said that metal is about increasing the decibels ??? If that 's what it is about then eventually we would come to a point where we would be listening to monstrous flattened walls of sound because someone is trying to outdo the `` heaviness '' of their `` album before '' . . This just shows the downright silliness Korn have come upon.Now to the album itself . The album itself is probably the most boring Korn have made to this date , as difficult as this sounds considering that they have n't made anything remotely interesting since `` Follow the leader '' -LRB- and even that was ridden with timid highlights here and there -RRB- . There 's nothing to report from the Korn front when it comes to their new release . The same tired beats , the same I-heard-it-all-before-one-gazillion-times riffs , the same oh-no-watch-me-do-the-same-ole-growl vocals , the same jesus-have-i-been-abused-when-i-was-a-kid-i-think lyrics . . When will this joke stop ? Apparently we 'll need to endure it for quite some time yet as long as the industry -LRB- and Korn themselves -RRB- keep ramming down kids ' throats this joke as something `` alternative '' . But , how can something be alternative when it tops the charts and when it 's sponsored heavily by MTV and all the major radio stations ? Actually this is as mainstream as it gets . Everytime the `` new '' Korn hits the stores it gets almost as much airplay as the new Celine Dion stuff . You make the conclusions.Korn , when they brought out their eponymous debut were a group that rejuvenated a stale scene and gave it new direction . Now they represent one of the very reasons this scene is deader than dead.Pretty soon you will start seeing their albums in the flea markets . Pretty soon i said ? Maybe you should take a stroll to a flea market the soonest you get a chance . You 'll be surprised with what you 'll see in them old dusty boxes ...
 First of all , let me state that Korn has been my # 1 FAVORTIE band until 2002 . Korn -LRB- self-titled -RRB- still is my favorite CD of all time , with tracks like `` Clown '' , `` Faget '' , and `` Fake '' making up my top 3 list , LIP is my 2nd favorite Korn CD , with my ears being filled up with glorious noise from songs like `` Mr. Rogers '' , `` Good God '' , and `` ADIDAS '' . . Follow the Leader experienced a little drop off , but still `` Got the Life '' , `` Justin '' , and `` Seed '' were enough to keep me listening . Now came Issues . That CD had some issues . Even after that CD I had faith in Korn . 3 freakin years later , I expect a killer CD . I expect a major improvement . I get ... This CD is nowhere near Korn or LIP . The only good tracks are `` Thoughtless '' and `` Beat it Upright '' . The whole CD follows the same pattern ... guitars , verses , chorus , verses , chorus , break down , chorus . `` Make Believe '' deserves to be on a Limp Bizkit CD -LRB- meaning it absolutely ... -RRB- . I still am a Korn fan . Their older songs still make it on my playlist . But this new Korn is n't for me . Tool 's taken over the throne for my # 1 band . I know , ALL of you do n't give a -LSB- care -RSB- who does , but during the 3 year wait , Tool 's beat my eardrum better than any other band yet.CD 's I reccomend
 I remember when Davis was interviewed for this album , Davis said it will be the hardest album yet . Great I said 2 myself , but the problem with this album is that if there wasnt a space between the songs it would be 1 long drawn out song . Korn has had there day I think , now all they seem to be doing is living off the name . This album is very weak in every sence of the way , if you are new 2 korn start with the early stuff first . This album smells of eggfarts , Pull my finger they r done . And 2 eveyone out there stop following the crowd and think 4 yourself , for if this was a new band debuet album nobody in there right mind would buy it , it would be passed by . And that is the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth , blah blah blah .
 This album is just as bad as issues . Slow , unlistenable , with the basic nu metal guitar riffs . I believe marylyn manson helped them , but his music is bad as well . I remember korn saying that this was going to be their hardest album ever but in stead its their softest . The only good albums they made are `` life is peachy '' and `` korn '' .
 There 's no denying Carlin 's importance as a comedian or his brilliance as an original voice and thinker . But you would n't know it from listening to this CD . George is way past his best with a misanthopic laughter-lite performance you wo n't want to listen to more than once.But worst of all is hearing him do a piece on how it 's always the good people -LRB- Jesus , Martin Luther King , JFK , John Lennon -RRB- who get assassinated - a complete steal from an identical routine from the early 90 's by the late great Bill Hicks , except without a funny pay-off . I can understand an opportunist like Dennis Leary notoriously stealing from Hicks , but the great George Carlin too ? What 's going on ?
 When I saw this became available , I immediately had to have it to go with the rest of my Carlin CD collection . If this is his last album , it is a sad reminder of what was once a great career . This has to be the most unfunny comedy album ever released . I 'm not saying just Carlin , I 'm talking about every live standup album ever . I think I smirked at maybe two observations . As a whole , it is like Carlin mailed in this album and figured he has a built in fanbase so it 'll sell at least a few copies . I 'll recommend one not buy this album and purchase ' A Place for My Stuff ' or ` Parental Advisory ' . This album will remain in my collection but it will never get any play time .
 I feel as if George has become a bitter old man.I have n't heard much cursing since i stumbled into a local dive bar near the fishing piers.I had the priveledge to see him perform too and after awhile it got old.You can be funny and he is but without the profanity.It worked well for Richard Pryor but stuff like pussy farts and necropheliacs and suicides ?!?!? Come on now ! That is not funny thats just sick.I stopped buying his albums and somehow i do n't think he 's going to mellow any time soon.Oh well he still packs people in to his shows and as long as he 's happy working profanity into everybodys eardrums thats all that counts.As far as I 'm concern I 'm not subjecting myself to that ... Good Ridence .
 I have all of George 's albums , this being the last one I bought . And I 'm certain this is the least funny . I went through long stretches without being the slightest amused . In fact , these stretches -LRB- mostly in tracks 3-5 and 7 , talking about suicide , hopelessness and the awful behavior of the human race -RRB- were downright depressing . George normally talks about depressing topics , but on this album there are no funny asides or humorous points of view -- so that all that 's left are the depressing facts . Throw in his normal `` glass half-empty '' point of view -LRB- which is OK when he 's being funny -RRB- and you realize he 's making these topics more depressing than they really are . Some of the other tracks are enjoyable , like when he talks about `` Dumb Americans '' , but overall this album is hard to take .
 Okay , bash me if you want , but I am going to say my opinion on this CD . First off , I like Carlin a lot . Usually his stuff is funny AND makes you think . There is intelligence to his stuff and wit . I have been a fan of his for years.Now then , I agree with some here about the dark tone of this album . I heard this after hearing the Wally Londo CD , and the changes are sadly very clear to me -- and not for the better . Usually in his albums there is a mix of themes . Not this time . Even during his angry stint there were changes and balances . This album is suicide , death and nihilism . There 's none of that fun , bright joy , only `` delight '' if you want to call it that , in destruction , death and waste.Carlin can do better than this . He 's DONE better than this . This is NOT the way to end a wonderful career . Maybe this is an after effect of rehab/detox or just plain old age . Suicide is n't funny , nor is depression . Heck , his latest BOOK is better than this . If `` life is worth losing '' . it is also worth KEEPING.This is highly disappointing .
 There have always been three reasons to listen to George Carlin
 man , do i LOVE george carlin . I love his hillarious views on life and the stupidity of humanity i loved all of his work , even in his later years , he became a little darker and more harsh , but it still had that cute comic edge to it . This material is more shock value than funny . You will be saying to yourself `` did he just say that ? '' more than you will laugh . When he starts diving into necrophilia and suicide , i think its gone to far .
 I went into `` Life is Worth Losing '' hoping that George Carlin would return to his former style of comedy , mostly because I was completely let down by his previous two albums . `` You Are All Diseased '' was full of misdirected anger and over the top bitterness . `` Complaints and Grievances '' was mean-spirited and uncharacteristically vulgar . I found myself wondering what had happened to make one of the greatest comedians of our time turn sour , and I prayed that his next album would reduce the level of hostility . That was why I was so excited to hear this album.And that was why I was greatly disappointed.Once again , Carlin has turned his back on the comedy routines that made him funny , insightful , and entertaining . `` Life is Worth Losing '' is not as overbearingly hostile as some of his previous albums , but it was still consistently moody , downtrodden , and dark , all of which fail to capture the spirit of his earlier works . He also seemed to be in mourning over humanity , considering he spent most of his time pointing out our flaws and rubbing them in our faces . He goes so far as to say that humans are `` beasts and savages . '' Whether or not you agree with this assessment is n't the issue here . The point is that it 's unsuitable material for stand up . Is being told we 're all like animals really the kind of thing you want to hear in a comedy album ? This material practically lost steam right at the moment it started . You can tell this is so from the audience 's laughter , which was hesitant at best . It was as if they forced themselves to laugh out of respect . I did n't believe for a second that they were genuinely entertained.He continues to push the envelope with his proposal for an All Suicide Channel , a bit that goes absolutely nowhere . He prefaces it by exclaiming , `` That 's the only interesting thing you can do with your life
 How idiotic . So far this CD ONLY plays on my computer . I have 4 other CD players , one of which I bought ONE MONTH ago and the CD will not play . On the back of the CD there is small print saying that `` the audio side does not conform to CD specifications and therefore will not play on some CD and DVD players '' . Maybe Amazon needs to make that very obvious in the writeup on the CD.I pay my money for the music legally and I ca n't listen to it . I am not likely to pay return shipping on it to Amazon b/c it is n't worth the effort or money . I feel pretty ripped off . Now I 'll have to COPY it onto a CD to listen to it .
 Listen to this album and you may feel trapped somewhere between a drone and a whine . A singer who appears to have a good voice , Ms. Apple wants to project toughness but merely bores by keeping her melodic line tightly bound while she repeats an overly puncutated , superficially perky delivery , number after number . Where is the lyricism ? More than most performers , Ms. Apple seems trapped in an unengaging style singing in a petty way about petty stuff . Despite the many glowing reviews on this and other websites , this machine is hardly extraordinary .
 With the exception of Never is a Promise and O Sailor I 'm nonplussed . I miss the old piano-driven Fiona of Tidal .
 While this CD is certainly a departure from ` Tidal ' , I would n't say that was a good thing . There 's no law that says that artists ca n't break away from their orginal sound , but Tidal was an excellent CD . I was also disappointed by `` When the Pawn ... '' , which I felt was trying to be more mainstream and poppy . ` Tidal ' had a bluesy feel and ` Machine ' is even more pop orientated than her sophomore effort . I find myself wishing for another throaty ` Slow like Honey ' , ` Carrion ' or even ` Shadowboxer ' -LRB- which was my least favorite song -RRB- . Her voice is incredibly shaky on this CD -LRB- seriously sounds like she 's sitting on a train or something -RRB- and all the production has that ` whimiscal/corny ' feel of a 60s movie soundtrack . The lyrics are about as deep as a kiddie pool and as authentic . Let 's just say if this was Fiona 's first CD she never would have escaped the teeming masses of bluesy female singers . She may have been the victim of the record industry , but either way it 's a sad way to go since she seemed to have so much talent .
 This album is a mess !!! It is almost unlistenable from my humble perspective . It simply is not suited to my tastes , but I thought it would an interesting purchase after reading so many glowing reviews ... best of luck .
 The CD was horrible . I 'm so disappointed in Fiona Apple . However that has nothing to do with the merchant . It arrived on time and in Great condition . Just do n't recommend it to anyone .
 What is up with Fiona ? After her first album , all her music became angry like she was doing a horrible Alannis Morrisette impersonation.Didn ' t she know that angry chick done wrong music went out in the early 90 's ? Noone cares . It 's a good thing that some people think that 's she 's pretty and know of her tragic past that she 's not afraid to cash in on by retelling her sad story over and over again otherwise noone would buy her stuff after first album . The first album was the only one she ever put out where she actually tried . The rest of them are just jokes . She is just a tool using the reputation of her first album and her good looks to put out junk and knowing people will buy it based on that even though it 's bad .
 I 've been a fan of Fiona Apple ever since I saw her first video on VH1 for `` Shadowboxer '' . TIDAL is a terrific album and my personal favorite of hers . All the songs on it are filled with deep emotion and soul . Her voice and lyrics are heartbreaking . I give it 5 stars . 1999 's WHEN THE PAWN ... is a little more up beat but still has all the same emotion . 41/2 stars . I was thrilled after 6 years that she was coming out with a new album . Once I bought EXTRAORDINARY MACHINE and listened to it I have to say I was very disappointed . I just do n't know how to describe this record . Five of the songs are the same Fiona Apple I have loved for years but the other seven are just NOT her . The lyrics are great but the music with hip-hop and techno beats DO NOT do her extrordinary voice justice . Overall , EXTRAORINARY MACHINE is just not worth the $ 15 bucks . Even for the most hard core Apple fan like me .
 Until this album I do n't think Fiona had done a song I did n't love . So I bought ` Extraordinary Machine ' without hesitation . Unfortunately I do not like the album at all . Obviously others disagree but I found none of the songs memorable and most have an unfinished feel to them . Many even have hints of previous songs that would normally not be so bad but in this case it simply feels like she is searching for something she knows the current songs lack . If nothing else try and hear as much of the album as you can before paying money for it .
 I know there was a long wait . And I also went through an eighteen month period of complete devotion to the vocals stylings and dark poetics of Miss Apple - -LRB- Tidal , of course -RRB- during which I thought the woman could do no wrong . But with the exception of the title track -LRB- in which the lyrics speed-dance through in a gorgeous self-affirming ditty of a song -RRB- , I found this album to be a great disappointment.Gone the delicate gestures of Tidal , Apple stomps words into her songs with clumsy and over the top imagery . Her melodies and voice are still pretty -LRB- I do like the sound of Oh , Sailor -RRB- but her poetry seems thinner , falser . Broken-hearted , hate-him-so , `` on my knees '' - themes she mastered in her previous two albums that lyrically , just do n't cut it on this one.A reverting to teen angst that sounds pretty but leaves no mark .
 As I sit hear listening to one of my fave artists , I wonder what brilliant decision maker at Sony/BMG decided to completely change around production-wise the ORIGINAL well-documented bootleg version of `` Extraordinary Machine '' . This is simply a pathetic attempt at making a great recording better . It did n't work . The new production lacks instrumentation and Fiona 's signature eerieness . I say Jon Brion got the raw deal here . The beauty of Apple 's records is that she MADE IT big without being mainstream . This CD may sell because of devoted fans and mainly to individuals that were unfortunate not to hear how it was really recorded ; how it was MEANT to be recorded . I predict that in the long run , this CD wo n't have too much shelf life .
 This album was a disappointment for me ... and I say that as a fervent Fiona Apple fan . I truly think that she is fantastic.Nevertheless , I found that the produced album version lacks the power of the `` leaked version '' . That 's unfair , I know , but it 's true.What 's the difference between the versions ? Passion.Fiona is best when she 's railing agiainst the BS of life and love . She expresses pain and frustration so inspiringly -LRB- a seeming oxymoron -RRB- . In the `` leaked version '' of Extraordinary Machine , that fabulous passion and fury are there - blasting through with truthful , honest hurt . In the final Sony version , though , that potency has been diluted with over-production and reeled-in vocals . They took the teeth out of the songs.I 'm not imagining this . Compare the versions . It will clearly demonstrate why businessmen should keep their sticky little fingers out of art.Despite all that I just said , buy this album . It 's still very , very good and Fiona deserves to be rewarded for her phenomenal talent and resilience .
 First let me say this is not a review of `` Extraordinary Machine , '' which is a fine an album as any Ms Apple has recorded , but of the DualDisc packaging of the album.The popularity of DVDs brought surround sound into the home . From this , came DVD-Audio - music released in 5.1 surround mixes . But they never really caught on as they were even more over-priced than CDs and they only played in DVD players . The discs would n't play in cars , alarm clocks , all the places that CD players have proliferated over the past 15-20 years . Essentially , you got to pay more for a disc with less usability . Along came DualDisc . They packaged discs with a CD side and a DVD side and sold them at prices more in-line with CD prices . One side offered the CD usability while the other offered a 5.1 surround mix . I personally enjoyed their releases of Nine Inch Nails ' The Downward Spiral and With Teeth which both offered exciting and dynamic mixes . But with Extraordinary Machine , DualDisc pull a bit of a bait-and-switch . Instead of a 5.1 on par with their previous releases , they offer this `` enhanced stereo '' 2-channel mix with no discernable difference from the CD side . If you listen closely , you may hear Nelson Muntz 's `` Ha-Ha '' faintly in the background as this non-surround DVD side is a total con . If you 're looking for a surround mix of Extraordinary Machine , sorry this is n't it .
 Thje most important aspect of her first album is missing here . The chord changes on this album are dreadful . What makes music compelling is the way chords progress , one to the next , in a manner that amazes us and makes us want more . Think of Beethooven 's Ninth . Dah-dah-dah-dah ... compelling right ? And the difference between that and mediocre music ? Not compelling . And that 's the problem with this album . Not compelling . Many of the chords progressions are similar to Shadwodancer but where Shadowdancer 's changes were delicious andsublime , songs you could listen to again and agian , this one is missing all of that . The changes are dischordant and utterly lacking in that harmonious resolution that makes you want to hum it , sing it and play it over and over . I ended up going from track to track , looking for that one `` hit '' and never found it . I doubt I 'll ever listen to it again . So disappointing .
 a friend of mine told me this album is a piece of musical genius and much better than the mainstream music out there so I gave it a ilsten and this is what I have concluded : her voice is pretty and smoky but she is by all means NOT a musical genius ! So what if she uses live instruments and broadway influences in her music ? It does n't give her credibility if the lyrics are crap and the music is redundant ! For instance one song had a nice beat and then she starts chanting YOU SILLY STUPID BLEHHHH she sounds like my 14 year old having a tantrum when she 's supposed to be in her late 20 's . Lisa Marie Presley 's dirty laundry CD would be a better choice over this , her lyrics are much better than fiona 's , she has more emotion , and their voices are very similar so I think her album would be a better choice over this . It 's no wonder her record label wanted to save her the embarassment of releasing this album .
 What ever happened to Fiona 's passion ? I mean you used to hear it , pouring out of her voice and in to your speakers . Now shes just singing about whatever . Like she 's a rambling drunk to musical beats . This cd is so boring . I expected so much more !
 The title track is fantastic , the rest of the CD is awful . Bitter and angry - but not in a good or interesting way . The lyrics are clumsy and terrible . I would try to find a single and get the `` extraordinary machine '' song , but skip the rest .
 Based upon `` critical acclaim '' I checked this out . I gave it a fair shake , and after it was done I ejected the cd from the player and snapped it in two via a trip to the wastebasket where it now lays . The problem ? It 's just not that good -LRB- with the exception of `` O'Sailor '' , which is good -RRB- . Yes , she has an interesting , smoky voice but the material does n't stand out at all . It 's quite dull , despite sincere efforts to come off as unique . This is yet another album that fails to generate any palpable excitement . I ended the cd wondering , `` WHAT 'S ALL THE FUSS ABOUT ? '' . I was utterly nonplussed . Perhaps she should think about abandoning contemporary music and re-establish herself as a jazz / torch singer , which I think she 'd fare much better at .
 I hurt 's me now to say that I am a Fiona Apple fan because this is her worst CD I ever heard . Tidal and When the Pawn ... are great CD 's and are hard to beat , including her single `` Across the Universe '' , but Extaoridinary Machine just plain SUCKS BALLZ . : -LRB-
 I ca n't call this music but I guess it is.F . Apple shows ANYBODY with a computer these days can pump out some basic songs , getting them out there is the hard part . F. Apple 's fame is the mystery.There are no songs on this album . Just noodlings . Not even clever or original noodlings . This album was released in the 21st century but sounds like half the bad pop you can find in any used CD bin at the local record store . The nineties never died , it appears.An embarrassing reminder of how low music has fallen over the years ...
 This cd is so bad . I only listened to it once and I never wanted to hear any of the songs again . It 's almost as bad a children 's cd and that is what the background music on it reminds me of . This is the kind of music that the Olsen twins would release if they ever put out an album . It is so bad . It 's like she is partonising her audience with lame children like sing along songs . Please do n't buy this without hearing it first . Someone got it for me because they knew I liked Fiona Apple and now I realize , You ca n't count on her music to be good .
 she was popular in the 90 's but I did n't take this mtv-produced music crap seriously at all when criminal was all over the place . And the public has moved on too embracing the likes of norah jones over this carole king wannabe crap
 This version is crap . It 's been produced by someone who 's produced 50 Cent -LRB- who is an idiot , by the way -RRB- and the original version lays all over this one.It does n't have that haunting orchestral feel that the leaked and TRUE VERSION had ! I did not like wasting my life listening to this butchered edition of this album . Not even Fiona 's beautiful heavenscent vocals could save this and that 's saying a lot!I pray that Fiona can outsmart her record company and get them to release the original ! The originals are almost always better !
 After hearing and enjoying the internet version of the album , I found EVERY song on the CD version disappointing.On the internet version , Please Please Please is by far the best track , with superior orchestration and vocals compared to the CD version , which everyone appropriately described as flat and lacking something.I hope Apple brings back Brion for her next release .
 I am completely disappointed in the quality of this release . This is one of my favorite albums and to hear to treatment this company , Plain Records , has given it is truly upsetting . This company has repressed many great 90 's LPs and from what I 'm reading on forums -LSB- ... -RSB- they are all terrible in quality .
 ... this album kills me ! After several heartfelt attempts to like it , I eventually had to retire it to the depths of my CD cabinet . The fact that I truely find it to be impossible to listen to is devasting because I have so enjoyed Fiona for many years . The songs on this album are terribly depressing and musically I just do n't find this work to be pretty or inspiring . I 'm sorry Fiona , and I will always love you , but this album just did n't cut it for me .
 Love affairs have always been a basic source of inspiration in modern music and failed relationships for some reason have been a very popular theme among female artists . For her third offering , strikingly beautiful yet steadily angry Fiona Apple choses to focus exactly on that . '' One man , he dissapoint me '' she confesses on one of the first tracks of Extraordinary Machine to reveal a few seconds later that '' now every man i see reminds me of that one man who dissapointed me '' . It 's an intense , disturbing piece of music but ... is it any good ? Apple herself displays the curious form female songwritting often takes today . She pours genuin emotions into her songs yet rarely manages to deliver a decent melody . Her orchestrations consist of paranoid cymbals and sudden pianno strikes while her lyrics reach are too bitter to connect to . '' ... my peace and quiet was stolen from me / while i was looking with calm affection / you were searching for my imperfection '' she continues on '' Oh Well '' about her seemingly demon-like ex . A lot has been said about how the singer 's company did n't wan na release this record because of it 's uncommercial character . For fans and many critics that translates itself instantly into a deeply profound , rich in feelings album . Still , there 's an antiphasis here that bothers me
 I wish that I could focus this review on a fine artist and the great music she 's created , but just now the media of this release overshadows the art . The DVD side of the DualDisc has just ruined my DVR . After playing the DualDisc my Sony DVR will no longer play ordinary DVD 's . An EPIC/Sony DualDisc and a Sony DVR . I 've contacted Sony support and they refuse to address the problem . Sad .
 We bought this album , expecting it to do as it said and play both in CD and DVD players . the DVD side works , but the CD side will not play in any of our various CD players . I suppose we should buy more things and newer stuff , but that 's not the point . No warning given EXCEPT on the little piece of paper INSIDE the album . Unless you 've bought this format before -LRB- and had it work -RRB- AVOID at all costs .
 i loooooooooove fiona and have two of her other c.d. 's . this album is not even in the same ballpark though . she sounds like me trying to sing her songs when i was in high school . trust me , it was n't pretty . do go get `` when the pawn '' and `` tidal '' if you have n't already . i 'm still hopeful that she 'll come out with another amazing c.d.
 Sorry , I know I am going to have everyone give me bad helpful buttons but I really liked her first album much much better . This is a strange overly quirky assortment of bizzare songs with melodies that do not grab me . With the first album there was more hooks and angst . This is some pretty tepid stuff here . I really wanted to like this album and I am still trying , but I leave asking the question
 Very disappointed . There is almost no melody on the entire album . For virtually every song , the musical theme is so constricted that there is virtually no melodic line to speak of . Her vocals and imagery are occasionally beautiful but frequently banal and her delivery lazy with more vibrato than I 've ever heard from her . I have to agree with her record company - there is no record here . It 's too bad , her previous albums were so good I was expecting more , not less .
 It 's really problematic listening to this record.I 'd really like to own it like the rest of her records , but as most of you already know - there was a pre-released version that leaked to the internet and downloaded by many.Something in this official release sounds somewhat `` tired and tamed '' . All the songs are great , except that they are NOT.How to describe it ... just download the original release - and feel the difference . . here passion is lost somewhere in the process -LRB- when Sony people are standing behind the one way mirror -RRB- Sadly , dissappointed .
 Ive just about burned my eardrums out listening to pawn , sleep to dream , etc , the `` early days '' of Fiona apple , some of my favorite music . The angst is present in the new album , but theres no soul and depth in `` Extraordinary Machine '' , its flat , unmoving , and a lifeless corpse . Just listening to the songs brings images that shes thinking `` i need some more $ $ , heres some more music , blah blah , zzzz '' , she just sings it like she lost all her soul , and that shes got a gun to her head and someone is forcing her to sing . Just no soul at all in this album , its not in the same ilk as her earlier works . Absolutely love Apples music , to the Xtreme in fact , but this collection is a snoozefest without soul .
 I 've tried to like this album , but it is just painful to listen to . Tidal is by far her best work ; and , I bought this CD in hopes that she was back in full force . Unfortunately , the lyrics were very flat and uninspiring . The piano was the only saving grace for this CD . If I could give it a half star , I would .
 Tidal was a masterpiece ; a soulful texture of diminished and augmented chords with clever lyrics and strong , digestible harmonies ... this was not .
 What is all this hype ????? I simply dont understand . Fiona Apple 's `` tidal '' is by far her best album . From beautiful ballads like `` Shadowboxer '' to the sinfully naughty `` Criminal '' the album is absolute perfection . Such a far cry from the days of yore . `` Extraordinary Machine '' finds us once again with our frail subject steering in the furthest direction from anything conceptuallly pop-like . The songs are meloncholic and monotonous . Boring and unnerving . You either find yourself asleep or running towards the stereo to end the misery . So many people pushed to see this album see the light of day ; I think the label was right in shelving this one . Such a beautiful voice , but this is far from extraordinary .
 I bought it thinking , `` How bad can it be ? '' There is noticeable distortion on the vocals on several tracks -LRB- `` O Sailor '' and `` Not About Love '' are the best examples -RRB- . The mastering is all over the place , and levels noticeably will jump up and down . Overall everything sounds a bit top-end heavy and tinny . There are also waaaaay more pops and clicks for what should be a brand new vinyl . I did n't think a vinyl could sound so bad - looks like I was wrong ! I guess anything from Plain Records is definitely still to be avoided .
 I was introduced to Fiona Apple about four years ago when my then 15-year-old daughter played her WHEN THE PAWN cd for me . I thought it was some of the most interesting and innovative music I had heard . Her voice was different ... a bit rough but appealing ... and I liked the unusual piano with jazz influences and the troubled lyrics.Well , the same daughter , now almost 19 , gave me the EXTRAORDINARY MACHINE cd for Christmas , which I have just finished listening to a couple of times through . I 'm more of a melody than lyrics person , but Fiona seems to be struggling with whether she needs to keep writing music similar to what her fans are already familiar with or whether she should come up with something different . The first track is a bit different , almost reminds me of a Broadway show tune at times and I was prepared for a really new sound in this cd . However , thereafter , staying with the familiar seems to have won out for the most part , as it seems to me that tracks 2 through 8 are all similar to one another and similar to WHEN THE PAWN , but missing its innovation . I thought that the best thing about this cd is Fiona 's picture on the back ... she 's quite a pretty , sensual looking woman.However , on track 9 -- Please Please Please -- there is a somewhat different sound and she reiterates the theme of looking for direction
 If I had never heard any of these songs before listening to this version of this album , I would have given it 4 stars . Unfortunately for Fiona , I have heard the leaked version she produced with Jon Brion ... and they are FAR superior to the majority of this album . God bless her for not destroying the song Extraordinary Machine the way she did Window and Better Version of Me . The new verion of Red Red Red is better than the original , and the song Parting Gift is the best track on the album . All in all , I 'm going to listen to my illegal mp3 's of the original instead the retail version .
 Maybe I had lofty expectations for this album , but in my laymen 's opinion this album did not even come close lyrically or rhythmically to her previous two albums . It is a shame because I really wanted to like this album , or maybe I was looking for more consistency in the songs , but I just did not feel it . Sure there are a few noteworthy songs , but unfortunately this album on the whole was a let down . I just hope I will not have to wait so long for her next one .
 Other than Extraordinary Machine which is an `` okay '' song , this is the whiniest , most adolescent , transparent attempt to use a CD to talk to a guy who obviously wo n't take her calls anymore . While I am sorry she is heartbroken , this is not an enjoyable CD at all . Do n't waste your money . It is not good music and I usually love solo female vocalists .
 ... to the frank passion and energy of her first release . This is pretentious drivel . Some call it more mature ; I find it nearly unlistenable .
 Fionna makes some amazing music , too bad I wont be listening to this album till I figure out whether or not it has SONY 's rootkit bull on it.My dislike for SONY goes back quite a few years , starting with some of the worst speakers and VCRs I 've ever had the misfortune of purchasing , to their proprietary hardware requirements with their cameras , gaming consoles , and other devices , to their corporate treatment of many of their online games , an now to their latest insult to the consumers with the spyware on their CD 's . Looks like I 'm going to have dig out the old discman to play it , which in my opinion was the last quality product they 've made . Seeing as it 's over ten years old , I find that to be pretty sad.As it stands I will NEVER buy another Sony product . I did n't realize this album was by Epic/SONY BMG , else I would n't have put in on the wish list.Sorry Fionna love your music , but I wo n't be buying any more of them as long as they are distributed by anyone dealing with SONY .
 if you 're an angry woman between the age of 18 and 30 . You 'll probably like this mtv trash . enjoy
 Fiona Apple has no musical Bite whatsoever.She ca n't sing & the Production is more polished than what is in a Bottle of Pledge . the music is pretty generic.the Lyrics are bland as well.Her Album got held up for quite a few years & I see why , bu I got ta wonder what has she ever done as a Artist to even merit getting signed ?? Vocally She is about in the same Boat as Hillary Duff , Lindsey Lohan & Ashley Simpson .
 This is truly an extraordinary album.It 's extraordinary that Fiona Apple would release a CD that I find so annoying , bland and unlikable , after having loved her first two albums to tears.It 's extraordinary in the way that it actually makes me like her first two albums LESS.It 's extraordinary , not in that its release was delayed , but in that it was released at all.And finally , it 's extraordinary in how quickly this album got moved from my `` active listening '' pile to my `` archives '' box.What a let-down ! I still like her first two albums , but this work will cast a long , dark shadow over her career for many years . Hopefully , she will turn it around on her next album , lest she wake up one day and find that she has devolved into Bjork-esque teeth-grating-nonsense hell .
 I 'm not a huge fan but have really enjoyed some of her prior songs . This album is very disapponting-to me , all of the songs end up sounding similar . There are few hooks , no great musicianship , maybe the lyrics are the attraction , but I do n't understand all the great reviews . If you are not a huge fan , I 'd think twice before buying .
 Imagine the deeply serious deeply emotional Fiona from her first two albums , singing the same type of lyrics to music that is retarded . I wanted to use a less heterosexual term to describe the type of children 's song beats complete with marimba sounds that run rampant on this debacle.If they were to put her behind a piano , slow everything down and let her convince us of the lyrics in these songs , this album would be much better.I ca n't take the peppy synthesized sounds and hand-clap loops anymore ! Make it stop!Let me break it down for you by song .1 . Extraordinary Machine - Perfect song to set the tone for what you are about to hear on this cd . I feel like I 'm listening to the score from a happy children 's ballet complete with happy woodwinds and marimba , like Peter Cotton Tail hoppin through the woods ... 2 . Get Him Back - If you sped up `` Criminal '' and changed the lyrics to make them sound very rehearsed and uninspired and ... happy sounding you would have the base for this song .3 . O Sailor - This song completely sounds like a slowed down version of one of her older songs that you ca n't put your finger on . From the refrain to the instruments in the background , this song sounds like it rubbed up against an older song and she just changed the lyrics .4 . Better Version of Me - `` I 'm a frightened , fickle person . Fighting , cryin ' , kickin ' , cursin ' '' ... to the happy beat of my studio band and Casio rhythm .5 . Tymps - Studio hip hop beat machine beats , with clapping-hand loops for added bubble gum . Marimba , sweet marimba . Makes you want to dance a happy dance about how Fiona 's heart was broken by the love lost she sings about . What ?? 6 Parting Gift - finally Fiona and a piano and that 's it . Close to what the old Fiona was good at , but it sounds as though she 's playing on a household piano , and this was a great opportunity to add orchestra backup that was missed .7 Window - If you took `` On the Bound '' and changed all the minor depressing chords to happy major ones and threw in goofy happy sounds you would have this song . Same beat and everything .8 Oh Well - This is one of the CDs better tracks , but still sounds like it was shoddily produced . This song almost sounds good . I just keep getting this picture of Fiona Standing up and singing these songs like she 's giving a speech or something .9 Please Please Please - Please please please stop using goofy fake generated music in the background of your songs . At least pay a studio band/orchestra .10 Red Red Red - Now here is what the entire CD SHOULD sound like . It is a slower song that finally showcases Fiona . She can sing on top of a song that let 's the listener float along for the ride . This is the only song you could turn the lights off and listen to like you could with nearly every song on Fiona 's other albums .11 Not About Love - Good song . These last tunes are the only happy sounding songs that feels like the music should go with what she is singing .12 Waltz - Fiona on the piano again -LRB- piano sounds small again though -RRB- . Song should be slowed down a bit and again the music in the background does n't sound real . It 's not as bad as music on the other songs though -LRB- though it 's still bad -RRB- . So in short you will not find any songs that can even remotely be compared to `` Fast as You Can '' , `` Love Ridden '' , `` Sullen Girl '' or my all time favorite `` Never is a Promise '' on this CD . It completely sounds like a CD that was rushed out after a newcomer hit it big . The sad thing is that with as many years in between as she had , this CD should have been the pinnacle of her work . If you loved the first two CDs then steer clear ... VERY clear of this horrible waste of time . It will soon find it 's way into your CD rack of CDs you do n't ever listen to .
 Ergh ! An example of such an original artist reduced with the pressure of record company execs . Why this extraordinary girl could n't pull a Kate Bush and maintain complete artistic control over her work , I do not know . The `` internet LP '' is an organic and infectious masterpiece with rolling rhythms and at times crazy sound ; granted it could have been tidied up a little in post production , but it had a great feeling . The new version is slick , overproduced and a step back from `` When the pawn ... '' . I wish we could have convinced the company execs to allow Fiona to run with her gut feeling , and give us a true Fiona Apple LP . One fans would really love.That said , compared with other female artists that we 've been forced to listen to in search of new music , this stuff is pure genius -LRB- speaking of genius , Kate Bush 's new LP , Aerial , is out Nov 8th 2005 and will be brilliant - go listen people -RRB- . I hear on the grape-vine she has a 5 album contract ? Why not get out of this like Tori Amos did and do a Covers LP -LRB- I think Fiona could blow Joss Stone out to the stratosphere with a decent set of blues/beatles/70 's covers -RRB- and a greatest hits ! Then move onto a record company that 'll allow complete creative control.Better luck next time Fiona.Review Mark III have a feeling that people -LRB- fellow reviewers , friends and family -RRB- are misinterpretting the critical feedback that has been provided with regard to the reworked version of Extraordinary . Yes , stand alone and in direct comparison to other music it is good . Quite good . However , if you have been following this saga since 2002 then it is apparent that the resulting album is the product of artistic visionary vs. commercial power . I have a feeling that this LP will be more successful than the Internet LP would have been , as it is less challenging and more in vogue with current trends.When a change of producer or a complete reworking of an LP occurs , and I am lead to believe that this happens on a regular basis in the record industry , the public very rarely get to hear the original production . We have been blessed , in a way , to see the natural evolution that occured after `` When The Pawn ... '' , and it was indeed an evolution . The resulting commercial release perhaps shows a more sensible and pop-savvy evolution . A good album , but will it stand the test of time ? Does it sound original ? It is difficult not to compare Extraordinary to her previous LP 's , as they created an expectation of a unique sound . Sure , she is doomed for not progressing had it sounded just like `` When The Pawn ... '' , but the Internet LP did not.In an era of 5-minute-instant-pop-stardom there are very few artists that have stayed true to their `` sound '' -LRB- or evolved to more challenging and interesting sounds -RRB- , and provided us with unique and powerful music that you have to let your ears loose in . The perfect combination , obviously , is to create a unique sound that everyone can appreciate.This review is written by a Pop music lover . I will be the first person to admit to having a massive collection with the likes of The Pet Shop Boys , Madonna , U2 , George Michael , Coldplay etc etc etc. . I love shiny pop/rock music . But I expect nothing more than easy music from these people . LP 's that see me through a week and are then sent to the back of the shelf . That 's not what I was expecting from Fiona , and the Internet LP did n't dissapoint.Extraordinary Machine -LRB- the proper release -RRB- is a solid CD , I 'll even change my rating to 3 stars after giving it a better listen . It is well polished , slick and for people that do n't know Fiona 's music any better , instantly likeable . My Mum loves it . I stand by my comments that it is n't challenging , the sound lacks originality and it leaves me feeling a little flat .
 When I got this cd , I put off listening to it because I was afraid it would n't fit my expections because I was a fan of Fiona 's . It turned out to be true . This album is very bad . I liked Fiona 's first album the best , it had different melodies , well thought lyrics , all the songs sounded different and it was very beautiful . The second album seemed angry , the lyrics seemed dumbed down , the songs were all over the place , most without a chorus or a melody and would change mood in the middle of the song . Her voice was drowned out by loud techno music that went on forever and she sounded angry . This album attempts to have a 1940 's jazz sound . The lyrics are n't memorable and neither are most of the songs . I forgot them after hearing them . They have nothing that draws you to them , no memorable music or chorus or lyrics or melody . Most of the cd sounded like Fiona talking while she played with different beats on a keyboard . It was beyond dull . Do n't be fooled by the good reviews . I am a Fiona Apple fan and I really wanted to like this cd but I just could n't . It was too bad . I can see why she had trouble releasing it . Perhaps she should have listened to her record company and just wrote some better songs . Now I am stuck with a cd that that will just gather dust because I am not interested in hearing it again . Do n't make the same mistake .
 Wow . What a dissapointment ! I am surprised to see so many positive comments on the album , but glad to see that a few know what I am talking about . I have both of Fiona Apple 's prior albums and found that this one can not compare . Maybe she should have stuck with Jon Brion ? Maybe there was a reason her record label did n't want to release it?I bought this album based on the title track which I loved when I heard it on the radio , as I felt that this track showed some growth , musically and personally . But the rest of the album seems to lack in melody , direction and substance . Even her lyrics do n't seem as profound as before , but that could possibly be because I grew up too.I would NOT recommend this album .
 What can you say about someone who 's touted themself as `` the next classical superstar '' for almost a decade but still remains , essentially , almost completely musically illiterate ? I now easily understand the tales I 've heard of symphonies flabbergasted where he performs as a soloist after working with him due to his thorough incompetency and pure `` erraticism '' without even any * potential * artistic merit . Quite useful as a means of tracking symphonies , etc. whose management is out in left field/ignorant/worthy of avoiding , I guess . Really makes me question why he was signed in the first place -- I personally find it shameful whoever let this out of the garage where it belonged to stay . I do apologize for the unusually strong review for whatever silly reason , but this is easily one of the worst/most `` undeserving '' classical recordings/performers I 've ever heard , and try as I may , I ca n't find any excuses for it being as bad as it is . There are 1000 's of things more to look into before you waste your money on something disgraceful like this .
 Sadly , after repeated examination , it indeed appears that the soon-to-be 36-year-old Pratt indeed splices his recordings -- i.e. , he takes the best individual moments he can come up with to achieve superficial result . Personally , I prefer `` honest '' classical musicians when I listen to classical , as is generally the standard , though I suppose there may be those who simply want to hear what they want to hear for whatever reason .
 A pity of mankind , had it not so grossly combined arrogance and ignorance .
 That 's the question I ask to all the people all over the world . I know all the Korn fanatics will say they do but I think Korn has been slipping into nothingness for a while . A look at Follow the Leader and then Issues , over exposure , and the pressure to reinvent themselves is a very large task . Can they really bring back the fun capabilities that the self titled gave us?The CD to me is a little bland with every song sounding the same and Jon 's voice getting a little reptitive . Yes , it is different but it 's not a good different . It 's a `` yeah that 's good try again '' good.The lyrics are the worst part . Everything is `` I hate this I hate that '' . Is America really going to care after September 11th ? Also , with new inventive bands like The Hives , The White Stripes , The Strokes , and the very new The Vines , Korn just can not compete . I say one more goodbye album would be fine to end Korn 's career is a nice idea.Although I bash the album , I do like some parts . This album IS darker than previous albums and also Jon 's voice HAS matured . Nu Metal also pales in comparison.In general , Korn is getting old . Their lyrics and music better do a big 360 to gain a better rating . Look at Incubus they started out one way and changed to another . They did not lose anything in the transition and their sound has gotten a major facelift . Korn 's CD is worth a download but never a buy . If you want some good stuff in rock try The Hives , The Strokes , The Vines , The White Stripes , the new Incubus CD , and Linkin Park . ** Also , to all the `` freaks '' who loved to be hated in society it 's getting a little old and juvenile . Korn is not Goth and never has it been . **
 I ca n't belive what I 'm saying , but this album is so terrible it 's sad !! It pains me to think the ONLY song on the disc is `` Here To Stay '' but it 's true . I have never disliked any KoRn album -LRB- and never thought I could -RRB- . To make this as painless as possible ... I feel like I just ran thru a KoRn field backwards.You to will feel KoRn-Holed after you buy this insult of a new album !! KoRn needs to drop the K and spell it CoRn . Do n't get me wrong ... Of course after you wasted your hard earned money on it , you will try to make yourself believe that you actually like a song or two on it . But deep down you 'll know the KoRn legacy is over . I know what your thinking ... Either I do n't know what I 'm talking about or you have to hear it for yourself to believe it . Well guess what ... I said the same damn thing !! Good luck and see ya in the funny papers if you take your chances !! You 've been warned !!
 Once upon a time I was a huge Korn fan , but with each passing album , I like them less and less . `` Issues '' was a bad album , only surpassed by how completely awful `` Untouchables '' is . This band is regressing badly , and they are in desperate need of something new . After `` Follow the Leader '' , I was excited to see the direction they would take , but they have been a dissapointment since . This album rehases their formula , which was once inventive , but now is boring . Jonathan Davis sings about the same whiny problems in his life , as though he could not think of any new material to save his life . When I heard the first single , I laughed out loud because it was so bad , and after about 30 seconds of Here to Stay , decided that I would not buy this album and no longer be a fan of this band . Needless to say , I gave it a chance , and that was an hour of my life I will never get back.For fans of Korn , if you still want to like them , do not get this album , stick with the first three .
 THIS . ALBUM . SUCKS . BIG . FAT . RAUNCHY . FARTS.I was hoping korn could of turned back time and fixed this crappy album like those f *** ing retards in `` Timeline '' !
 I do n't know what you people are thinking saying this is a good cd . You must be all those people who came up to me when follow the leader came out and said `` Have you heard Of Korn '' F yes I did . They came out in late 94 . Once Life is Peachy came out and addias became a hit they have lost their touch . I remember in 95 they were opening for megadeath . WHO REMEMBERS that ? Also in 96 they played a small club in nashville and did not sell out tell an hour before the show and were playing with THE URGE of all bands . I never thought i would ever right a review like this about korn but they have gone commercial which is acceptable to a certain extent everyone needs money but they have lost their og style ! What happened to `` ARE YOU REEEAAADDDYYY ? '' After i seen the 1st family value tour 3X i gave up on Korn and understud they were not the same . I will admit though that after Issues i had hope but they let us real og fans down . Korn you are a clown .
 This Album is a huge disappointment for anyone looking for a saviour of the declining `` numetal '' scene . It has none of the raw power of their first effort and is not anywhere near as innovative as their third . This is a continuation of everything that was wrong with Issues -LRB- their weakest effort -RRB- . This band is not , what their publicist would deem , maturing in there efforts . Nor are they contributing to the evolution of numetal in any positive direction . After years of being innovators in the metal scene they now seem content to follow their own imitators in producing polished radio friendly pop melodies -LRB- listening to `` Alone I break '' is painful for any fan of Korn 's old sound -RRB- . They seem to have forgotten who their fanbase is , in trying to appel to a broader rock audience . No longer does Davis growl through clenched teeth . He now sings atmospheric rock music , alien to fans of their earlier sunken live sound . This CD is not a good buy for oldschool fans . That said , it might appel to fans of the type of corporate-massed-produce sounds of bands like Papa Roach , Disturbed etc. .
 Wot has happened to the band that i loved at album one has jonathon davis had a sexchange because he souns like a girl and the whole album this continues pure assult to the ears .
 Well , well , well.I went to they concert ones , oh my god . I still have a headache till the present day . I thought that I came to psych hospital facility instead of concert.This is not a music . It ca n't be called rock or metal or anything else . This is a noise for people who are using drugs on daily basis . These Korn guys looks like on high doses also . And they have no talent at all , just hit the strings , and synth does the rest . Also listen to lyrics , my goodness , where we go ? Hopefully great musicians like Dio , Iron Maiden and others still exist .
 And you might think after many years of bad music -LSB- they -RSB- have improved , well that is n't the case here.Don ' t waste your time or money on this .
 After reading some of the reviews on here , I thought I 'd share my 2 cents . First Korn album is by far the best , Life is Peachy was pretty good ... Follow the Leader ... biggest piece of trash I have ever heard , excluding maybe 2 or 3 songs on that album . After hearing Got the Life on the radio every hour , I decided to never listen to the radio again . I was sourly disappointed in the album , but I still bought it . When Issues came out , it was pretty much a last gasp for Korn , and while its a good album , only the first half of it really sticks out in my mind . Then came Untouchables . Sure when I heard Hear To Stay I was like `` Woah , that sounds like a mix of S/T and Issues , thats awesome ! Ca n't wait for the album now ! '' ... bought it ... and , well , Korn is n't doing anything new really . I frequently find myself skipping over songs on this album -LRB- although yes , Thoughtless , Hating and Alone I Break get repeated often enough -RRB- . My take on the new ` Korn ' sound
 Korn may be one of the first of the nu-metal wave , and are probably better than most of the drivel , but that does n't mean that their latest album deserves any kind of credit , especially when it sucks so bad .
 I get more and more excited with each passing phase of Korn 's longstanding career . It 's a real hoot to listen to music that bbq 's hope and life into a simmering , charcoaled mess . Why do we have to be subjected to tunes that have no melodic sensibility or rhyme and reason ? Does every single hard rock band have to fine tool their musical agenda into nihlistic abandon and gutter-breath dictorum ? John Davis is ill . Seriously . This man not only needs the love of God , he needs a proffesional therapist . His `` band-mates '' can rape their stripped down d-tuning `` rock '' fro all it 's worth to bust their happy bubbles , but the youth of america is sick enough without justification and proof in a disc as trashy and emotionally manipulated as this ersatz cubic serconium . Do n't touch `` Untouchables '' and get molested by it 's pointless despair . Pity the `` woe is me ! '' banter of Davis that continues forward ever since their debut . I think their music frankly sucks , anyway , from a musical standpoint . Music has melody , driven with heart and sensitivity . This is a mess of an album that simply riles up the inbred instincts of rebellion . I 'd highly reccomend `` Blindside '' sold here at Amazon . It 's not only far superior in it 's musical execution , it 's refreshing , unlike the contiuing ruminations on hate and fury that provoke no thoughts . Korn needs to be popped until it 's kernals are black . Then THEY should `` take a look in the mirror '' to see all the wallowing darkness and demonic inspiration they truly uphold . Pittance .
 I am a metal fan . but this album and the whole scene right now is a big disappointment . I believe the end of the world is coming soon if people think this is good metal ... It seems all contrived and redone and polished in the studio . no surpises , no songs with any messages of value . Just sell the albums to dopey kids who are willing to buy them . Whats next , Korn is going to have their own fashion show ?? Put another string on their guitars and take some voice lessons and maybe you will have a group . Thank goodness it will be over soon .
 Korn has always -LSB- stunk -RSB- , but they sink deeper into poseurdom withUNTOUCHABLES . No matter how hard they try to sound ominous , it ` sconstantly ruined by Jonathan Davis 's self-indulgent whining.I could barely stand to listen to UNTOUCHABLES ; it 's absolutelyawful and utterly bereft of intelligence and artful thought ; this CD just glorifies meaningless rage . Quit listening to Kornand discover intelligent bands like Circle Of Dead Children andIntense Hammer Rage .
 I love Korn , I 've loved them since 95 when I got their 1st album . After owning this album since the day it came out it pains me to say this album sucks . It 's boring and I ca n't remember a single song from it . The lyrics are boring , the drums are boring , the guitars are boring the bass is boring . Also before the album came out they made a big deal that this was recorded in some brand new style , I hear know difference with any other CD I own . Their 1st 4 albums are great it is too bad people dismiss them because they are numetal . Now that Head has left the band because he falsely believes he found God , Korn is more than likely finished . Stick to the 1st 4 albums which are very enjoyable , skip this one and Take a Look in the Mirror another disappointing album . Bottom line this album is a waste of money , so use your money on something else .
 Do n't get me wrong ; I love Korn to death , but the magic is n't there anymore . The fact is that the style of metal that they created has been beaten to death by countless imitators -LRB- Limp Bizkit , Linkin Park , Disturbed , Slipknot and at least 60 % of the bands on modern rock radio -RRB- . I does n't sound as fresh and as innovative as it once did on their first two albums , Korn and Life Is Peachy . And they even beame revitalized with making their nu-metal more progressive with their best album , Follow The Leader and Issues . But Untouchables and their most recent album Take A Look In The Mirror did something that actually few rock albums actually do ; it bored me . I rarely listen to either of them , and I do hope that the band recaptures the creative spark that the had through the 90 's . Peace .
 The pain and misery of ones childhood embraced through spine tingling vocals , and crying guitars , beatiful ! the shreiks of a man so deep in the abyss of torture just went bye bye . untouchables is a POP album , im sorry to say it but it is . i no longer listen to these guys very much , unless its the first two albums , and rarly ill pop in the other two , but this ! this is a mistake or somthing . what a dissapointment i thought i knew o johnny boy better than that . ah well . Children of Bodom rules the ruins !
 ... , unlistenable followup to the Stellar `` Issues '' CD . They spent 4.5 million to make this piece of ... ?! One or two decent songs , and the rest is just the same rehashed riff that has defined `` nu-metal '' for the past few years . Do n't waste your money .
 Ok , I know that everyone is always dissing on the fans that have been a fan since the very first album and do n't like the new change . They will say things like `` Quit complaining . '' `` Just let them do what they want to do . '' `` Suck it up . '' But this is truely an album that should n't even be with their other cd 's . They should have a special spot in the store for albums like these that is under the catagory `` Rejects '' . I do n't have anything good to say about Jonathan Davis ' voice . I think it 's pretty much gone and I 've even heard some of them in the band mention that in interviews and stuff . I know he ca n't help it . After years of screaming I 'd loose my voice too . But you do n't have to sing high like a girl ! The music does n't even sound like guitars half the time . I think this is an album that would be a lot more difficult live to do . The songs just did n't sound too thought out . It sounded like they had beats and samples in the studio and just wrote the first thing they came up with to go with them and there was the song.I 'm dissapointed in this , but I 'll always be a Korn fan . I think that they are sort of turning out like Metallica , not comparing the two . Metallica is ` Metallica ' and they can put out anything they want now and people will buy it just because it 's them ... which they proved on their last couple albums . Same thing is Korn . Korn can put out whatever they want because they are Korn . I 'm curious to hear what this new album will sound like without Head though .
 The worst CD I 've ever purchased . 10 reaons why :1 . Since 1992 , Korn has not gotten better . You would think after all that money they 've made , `` Untouchables '' would show improvement over previous releases .2 . This album is what teens today and in the future will call heavy metal . This album heavy metal ? Hardly .3 . Robin Quivers of Howard Stern calls this a great album . Unbelievable . Ca n't imagine what they are paying her to say that .4 . Fred Durst would be poor white suburban -LSB- ... -RSB- without Korn and albums like `` Untouchables '' .5 . `` Bring me Down '' is the most rediculous , overdone single I 've heard since Staind put out `` Its Been Awhile '' .6 . `` Untouchables '' , while costing millions to make , offers nothing new to the industry and instead plays on old , worn out riffs and ideas . This of course will lend to thousands of other acts doing the same .7 . `` Untouchables '' all sounds the same , with the same whining voice of the lead singer , and the same worn out seven string guitar , anyone could duplicate the performance of .8 . `` Untouchables ''
 This was touted to be KoRn 's hardest album to date . I was PSYCHED when it came out , but when I listened to it , I was GREATLY dissappointed . Please dont get me wrong , I love kOrN , have all their other albums , and have seen them live , but this album just does not stack up to the others . If its your first KoRn album you will LOVE IT , but you MUST get their self titled debut album , KoRn and Issues . Then you will see what I am talking about .
 I 've listened to KoRn for forever . I love em , but what the heck happened to ya ? This does n't even sound like the same band . The `` old '' KoRn was MUCH better than this , go back to it !
 i think that korn 's new cd is an ok cd but i know that their past cds have been much better . i think that all the songs sound to much alike and that they did n't have enough differences between songs . i will still like korn but i miss the old stuff . ~ sonia ~
 Certainly , you 'd think Jonathan Davis would somehow prevent being raped this past ten years . Yet again , another musical and certainly a lyrical failure . There 's a grinding , repetative guitar in near every song but two . How about some versatality ? A solo ? Anything ! There are no intriguing guitar riffs in this album . Everything about Korn tends to be mediocre.Certainly , since nu metal has no definition and has been mostly used as a negative adjetive , Korn = nu metal . `` I bash my head into a mirror i dont havv to seee da pain , pain ! '' . Oh my good god , someone point out one , even remotely unmediocre aspect about the album . The vocals ? Certainly , there are maybe two decent tracks like `` hollow life '' and `` hating '' , but that 's not going to raise this album above a two . Korn should thank Michael Bienhorn for these two above mediocre tracks.Listening to Jon Davis in interviews and in albums is entertaining . `` I paint scabs instead of flowers '' . Wow , that touched my soul . This guy has an IQ of about 55 , and most of his band , save for his drummer , are cockamamie louts . At the very least , you could say Johnny boy has a good heart . That 's about it .
 korn fans are like a cult . Korn lost the little talent they had after their first cd . And somehow they 've managed to become MORE depressed and messed up . Ya wan na know how ? It 's fake ! They 're new stuff is grunge with repditive shallow lyrics . If your a member of the korn cult , pick up this cd . If you wan na follow around the korn cult and be `` cool '' too , pick up this cd for 20 bux . Or maybe you wan na have your own opinion about it and ACCUALLY think on your own , get a real CD .
 KoRn-Untouchables is the worst KoRn album ever to tell the truth . I have been a KoRn fan sincs KoRn-Issues -LRB- GREAT ALBUM ! -RRB- and I have all their other albums , this one sux . The only good songs are `` Here To Stay '' , `` Thoughtless '' , `` Wake Up Hate '' , and the softer song , `` Alone I Break '' wich saves it from having 0 stars , but those songs are ` nt that great . All the other KoRn albums are awsome . So if your a big KoRn fan buy this album . If you think you might want to become a KoRn fan , buy Issues or KoRn first but buy this one last . This album was a real dissapointment in my opinion . And all those other people who said this was the best KoRn cd ever , I have know idea what they were talking about.Best To Worst KoRn Albums :1 . Issues - This cd has like 10 awsome songs on it ! -LRB- CONTAINS NO RAP -RRB- 2 . KoRn - KoRn 's Debeut albnum is some of their best and their heaviest . -LRB- CONTAINS NO RAP -RRB- 3 . Follow The leader - A pretty good album though there is 2 rap songs , the rest is all good .4 . Life Is Peachy - I had a tie between Life Is Peachy and Follow the leader , so i just put this second . Cool cd . Has one rap song .5 . Untouchables - My least favorite . This cd is very heavy but the songs are n't that good . -LRB- CONTAINS NO RAP -RRB- Well , that 's all I Have to say about this album . Maybe nextime KoRn . -LRB- stay away from Limp Bizkit and Linkin Park -RRB- Other bands I like
 This albums is a stinker . I mean stinker . If this album was a movie . It would win at least 8 rasberry awards . First of all . There is absaloutely no originality here . They are doing the exactly the same thing they have been doing for the past 5 years . they spend more than 3 milion dollars on it which i find hilarious considering that , there is not a single good song on this album . They rely on the producer and the producer manages to bring out one of the most unoriginal piece of garbage . They should hire some real producer here who actually makes album sound good not bad . Jonathan Davis who is utterly a really sad man needs to find other subjects to sing about instead of saying . I Hate everything , everybody is mean to me , I ca n't live anymore . He is crying like a little baby on this album and has on most of their previous LP 's . I think it 's okay to talk about personal issues and problems that have accured during someones lifetime but not vine and not sing about it in every song with the same style and the same lyrics . The music which often is the same on each song does not bring anything new . The melodies are yeah yeah and so on . Overall this is a poor effort . Really a poor album that everybody should stay away from . No wonder it has fallen of most charts by now . I give it a one star for the artwork and their home web page which is really good but other than that a poor effort . one star .
 it makes me sick to think that this album is getting stellar reviews . the singing is absolutly horrible i cant get over it . Jon blew out his voice back in 98 when follow the leader came out and hes been singing like a sissy ever since . If you can `` relate '' to this album because you get beat up or harrassed its because you listen to garbage like this . Wake up Hate is horrible , i really cant even grasp the reason why a decent band would put out garbage like this . This is all comming from an early fan who wants to kick everybody who loves this album ... you have no musical taste at all . really , this isnt diverse or melodic , its horse dung ... nuff said .
 I 'm not gon na have a long drawn out opinion on here . I was dissapointed because I thought Korn could have done a lot better . I loved all their other CD 's . Well Issues was ok , I would n't say that was Korn at their best . They had forever to put this album together , and it still -LSB- was bad -RSB- . The only really good track on here was ; `` Alone I break '' . That was it . If I was Jonathan , I would bag Korn . They have obviously -LRB- and unfortunatly -RRB- lost their edge . Come on guys , do n't pull a Metallica .
 i do n't understand what happened , i waited 3 long years for this ? Korn is by far the best and most talented nu-metal band alive . all of their 4 albums are masterpieces . they are the fathers of nu-metal . they had the creep style -LRB- fieldy and david 's partnership -RRB- in their music which made them unique , different , and more superior than other nu-metal artists like Disturbed , Drowning Pool , etc.Now here comes untouchables , the creep style has been completely altered . only feildy keeps up his bass skills . David is using a completely different style of drumming that -LRB- to me -RRB- is a parasite for korn . just sit and compare two songs , and you will understand . they only song that keeps up their legacy is Alone I Break . there are only a few good diseased songs . Blame is real nice and No One 's There . Every other song does n't live up to Korn 's past music . Here to Stay is by far the gayest song i have ever heard Korn play . I was horrified to see Korn 's name on the tv screen while i was watching the video . I kept on saying to myself that it could n't be true.Don ' t get me wrong this album is good . but i 'm giving it two stars because it -LSB- is bad -RSB- compared to the previous records . You can look at it in this way . You remember the game Devil May Cry for ps2 , and how it blew everyone away . And then they released Devil May Cry 2 , it made us cry comparing it to the original Devil May Cry . It was still a good game , but it -LSB- is bad -RSB- compared to Devil May Cry.I know many people already have this cd , so just borrow it , pick the good songs , and burn them . use your -LSB- money amount -RSB- on Mudvayne
 Do n't get me wrong , I 'm a huge KoRn fan , but honestly , they 've gone majorly downhill since the days of Follow The Leader . They exploded onto the scene with their self-titled debut . Jonathan made it clear that KoRn was here to say -LRB- oh , the irony -RRB- . But , honestly , each album carries less of the original , which is rather depressing . They 've gone soft as far as music , though the lyrics are pretty good . I think it 's time for Jonathan and the guys to return to the old sound or just put down their instruments and walk away with what little dignity they have left .
 There is nothing good to say about this album . This horrible I used to like this band . Now they have sold out . All their new fans a posers trying to be hardcore . If you want to be hardcore listen to impaled . A real band that dose n't care about radio friendly-ness . If you like this -LSB- junk -RSB- you probaly watch mtv to much ...
 I can wholeheartedly say that Korn represents pure hate better than any other band currently . Unfortunately , there is nothing original about their delivery or their sound . There is no outcome , solution , or message inherent in the songs , just emotional despair - despair that starts to sound like whining after the umpteenth song about hate , hate , hate . They have made a career out of profiling teen angst , while their songs are on second glance , vacuous . The shows bite , the atmosphere is depressing ; Axl Rose and/or Mike Patton did vocal ventriloquy better than Davis ever could , and the current crop of Top 40 anger bands are thin , untalented shadows of them . At least they celebrated their anger rather than regurgitated it to the extreme .
 Korn 's first three albums were great . They rocked and they meant something . Troubled people found comfort in their music , as did people trying to work through something and people that liked the catharsis of the thing . I fell more into the third camp , using Korn to take out my frustrations and deal with feelings that never quite came up in the regular course of my life.All that being said , however , Korn has now fallen out of my favor . Their third album , `` Issues , '' sold out to popularity . The band knocked something together as quickly as they could so that they could capitalize on the TRL crowd before they defected . At least that album had a couple of standouts , though -LRB- `` Let 's Get This Party Started , '' `` Trash , '' `` Wake Up , '' `` Falling Away From Me '' -RRB- . This album does not . It feels half hearted at best . It inspires little emotion in the listener . It does not rock quite so hard as one would like it to . Whereas at one time Korn inspired the rap-rockers , they now sound indistinguishable from them.If you 're going to buy this disc you better like the big hit single -LRB- `` Here To Stay '' -RRB- a whole lot . You see , there are exactly three likeable and interesting things on this CD
 It actually took me about a week to listen to this all the way through . I found it very dull . I was really looking forward to hearing this because I thought Issues -LRB- their previous release -RRB- was n't very good . But it crushes this album . . 10 times .
 Let me start off by saying that I am big fan of Korn . One of my all time favorite bands . This album however , I feel is not top notch at all . Why critics are giving this album a thumbs up I do n't know , especially when most of them panned the musically superior `` Issues . '' `` Issues '' was a fantastic album , I rank it second in the Korn catalog hot on the heels of their self-titled . This album , musically is not as diverse . Jonathan Davis does not explore the length of his vocal range as he did on `` Issues . '' Structurally , the song arrangements are not as varied as in `` Issues . '' That album had more diverse song structure , and uniquely identifiable songs . I played this CD and only was drawn in by a couple of songs . `` Beat It Upright '' is really the only song that caught my attention . The album has the same musical tone ... no real high , or color notes . Just a lot of dissonance and sludge . This album is almost on even keel with `` Life is Peachy . '' Both of these albums offer little musical diversity and offer no real changes in key from Korn 's normal low register tone.Also , after 5 albums , multi-platinum status , and millions of adoring fans ... I find it hard to stomach the `` my life -LSB- stinks -RSB- '' syndrome . I write music too , and let me tell you my life has been `` less than stellar . '' When one matures you must learn to let go of anger and hate to move on with life . If not , then we do n't really `` go anywhere , '' which is what is the problem with this album ; I do n't really see Korn going anywhere . Even after a thunderstorm there 's a possibilty of a ray of sunshine . Korn has been in a perpetual thunderstorm . I 'd like to see the sun come out at least once ...
 Korn is an amazing band , let me start off by saying . I enjoyed every single on of their albums , even Issues , and I was rather excited by the release of this album and the great single , Here To Stay . Unfortunately , this album does n't deliver.First , the good . Obviously , Here To Stay is a great song , and a great first single . However , the true best on this album is Thoughtless . On this song , they actually use melody , which this album lacks INTENSELY . A few other good ones are Embrace , Bottled Up Inside , and One More Time . They are all somewhat catchy , and show that Korn remember how to be heavy . Now , on to the bad.The bad is , well , a lot of the album . We 'll get to the -LSB- bad songs -RSB- in a minute . A good portion of the tracks , like Make Believe , and Hollow Life seem like filler tracks . They feature nothing new and innovative , and they are just plain disappointing . Now to the ugly.The ugly
 This is korn worst album to date , it is simply boring , every song sounds the same.KoRns best album is `` Life is a peachy '' , go get that instead if you dont have it yet -LRB- their 2nd album -RRB- . The problem with this cd is , that after listening to it a couple of times , you allready wan na trhow it away , it 's worn out really fast ... . unlike their 1st and 2nd album ... even `` follow the leader '' was better than this ! . Buy the `` Ill NiNo - revolution/revolucion '' cd instead , or `` Killswitch engage - Alive Or Just Breathing '' ... you wont be dissapointed with those !
 This is a weak cd . Im a huge fan of their self titled cd , and I think that FTL is a good cd too . Ive tried to like this one , but it is just weak , and lacks trademarke korn sounds ... oh and its too soft .
 With their fifth release Korn moves further away from what made them great ... the pure emotion of thier music and lyrics ... davis 's voice doesnt have the hard edge that he did in Korn and Life Is Peachy , they try to show they are the same band but fall way short , and even worse ... they try to show how much theyve grown by having Davis actaully sing songs ... something he should not do ... i write this review not as someone who dislikes korn at all ... in fact they were my favorite band for many years ... if you want to hear GOOD Korn listen to Life is Peachy and Korn ... and if you crave that emotion i highly recommend Daddy on Korn ... if your favorite Korn album is Follow the Leader ... go ahead and buy this album ... if you arent one of the millions who joined korn after that album and heard them in the beginning ... DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM ... KORN IS DEAD
 This CD is a pretty big let down . I was around for the 1st Korn CD , and I was hooked . I loved that CD . It was amazing . Then LIP came out , not as good as the 1st one , but still pretty good . Then , Korn hits MTV era . Follow the Leader and Issues were n't good , and I was waiting for Untouchables to come out . I got it , and I feel cheated . This CD makes Issues seem great . Like I said , this CD is a HUGE letdown . I think most of the original Korn fans know this , but do n't buy this .
 Since when did N'Sync start playing guitars ? Oh , thats right , these guys are a `` metal '' band . These guys are no more metal than O-Town or Sum 41 . I 'm sure all the little Korn fans that call themselves `` hardcore '' will not find my review helpful -LRB- even though they 've already bought the damn album -RRB- and click that little button over and over again .
 I 'd like to start by saying that Korn is my all time favorite band . That being said , other than `` Here to Stay '' this album is insanely weak compared to their original stuff . I understand that a band needs to evolve to stick around these days , but I truly believe if they had kept putting out albums much like their self entitled or Life is Peachy they would be just as successful . I thought Issues was bad until i heard this cd . Im sorry to say this but I will have to retire Korn from my listening until they prove that they can kick some serious ... once again . But , not unlike Metallica , i dont see that happeningR.I.P .
 This is a ok cd ... but not the greatest ... follow the leader is the best they ever came out with & issues is 2nd to that . In Follow The Leader every song I loved , but this cd is -LSB- not good -RSB- compared to follow the leader ... i remcomend buying FTL if you do n't own it already . I 've been a KoRn fan along time and they can do better than this ... it 's obvious some of these KoRn fan 's do n't know what there talking about when they give this albumn 4 or 5 stars ... i mean come on this album only had about 3 or 4 songs i like the rest is just junk ... ...
 To be honest I had thought this new KoRn album was gon na kick ... but when I bought it I right away did n't like the way it sounded.I thought it was gon na be some metal like in their Self-Titled album.The reason it was not good is because all you could really hear is the same way te music sounded over annd over and over so it got anoying.The only song that at least sounds alright is track 14 . Lets hope that the next album will be a promising 1 .
 Man what happened to these guys , I just dont understand . They Go from putting out three of the greatest metal albums -LRB- Korn , Life is Peachy , and Follow the leader -RRB- to this garbage ?? Only thing in this cd which caught my attention was the lyrics , Davis is a really disturbed mind , and at least he doesnt talk about being molested as much anymore . I guess if your Issues fan get this cd otherwise please dont waste your cash .
 not a huge korn fan , probably because i realy dont care for nu-metal . there was a time id say that just because it was cool to hate nu metal and love the old stuff , which i do . however i thought it was time to stop posing like this and give korn , the creators of nu-metal , a spin even though i hadnt really liked Follow the Leader or Take a Look in the Mirror . i had Take a Look because i really liked the singles Right Now and Did My Time . I listened to the album , not much to right home about . no other songs were really worth a crap . then a friend gave me follow the leader , and i didnt really like any songs on that . but i figured , after a reccomendation from another friend , id try untouchables . i liked the first song , but that was about it . so my problem with Korn is their lack of consistency . theyll open up with a good heavy song , then go into a half-sobbing eerie song , then one with rap , then one with weird sound effects . their guitars have a real distorted toned down feel , which doesnt really work . the bass rattles alot and sounds kinda funny and the guitar riffs are relatively repetitive and simple . Jonathan Davis isnt really a bad frontman when he actuallly does a metal voice . problem is he blends a sort of rap , metal , and almost reggaeish voice together and it doesnt always come out sounding good . and he does something in some songs where it sounds like hes playing with his adams apple . i suppose korn could work for you if you really like eerie , weird , distorted stuff , but i personally prefer to stick to older metal .
 If you 're looking for the Korn you know & love you wo n't find it on this disc . The first track is great . The rest of the disc is filled with horrible attempts at disco samplings and other nonesense . I can appreciate trying different things , but it should at least sound good . I think Korn even knows this one -LSB- is bad -RSB- . Save your money and look forward to the new disc coming out soon .
 Oh when I heard the earler korn I was estatic . But I never brought the cd . I did n't buy CD 's then because I would get diapointed by them . But I thought this CD would be different . Boy was I wrong !!! Never again will I buy a Korn cd . They suck so much !!! Its catchy I have to give them that but the lyrics leave something missing ... like a meaning or something to think about . This is one to give to your little sister when shes going through a punk rebel stage .
 This is just plain terrible , there is no way around it . I only give this CD 1 star because it 's compulsory , if I had my way it 'd get -5 . KoRn used to be one of my all time favourite bands , but sadly I think they have changed for the worse . I loved their first three albums -LRB- KoRn , Life is Peachy , Follow the Leader -RRB- and then hated Issues , that was just a plain mess and while Untouchables is slightly better the music is only a ghost of what KoRn used to be.I understand that today bands have to grow to survive , but this is n't growth , it 's decay . The music is flat uninspired and frankly boring , with each song on the CD sounding similar and repetitive , and the lyrics ... BORING ! What happened to the hard hitting and ferocious lyrics of the KoRn of old ? Untouchables bombards us with these whining , crying lyrics which smack of self pity and self indulgence.Simply put if you are new to KoRn and want to here them at their best purchase one of their first three albums and stay as far away as you can from this garbage . If you are a KoRn ` veteran ' save your money and stick with their older stuff , remembering what a good band they used to be.KoRn have n't ` came back ' with Untouchables , they 've stepped out ...
 DO N'T BOTHER GETTING THIS ! IF YOU WANT KORN GET ANY OF THE OTHER CDS BUT STAY FAR AWAY FROM UNTOUCHABLES !
 Korn use to have reasoning and feeling behind their music but now , after all the fame and fortune , how could they find their inspiration for music about hate and disgust ? Untouchables was n't made with any feeling , it was made because Korn knows that is the kind of music they are famous for . They 're making money and having a good time and that 's why they made this album yet this album is about hatred and evil , which does n't make sense . No inspiration , no new material , no originality , the most disappointing album I bought in 2002 .
 what happened to the days when i could pop in a Korn CD and feel proud that i was experiencing a unique band , riding the crest of a wonderfully new musical revolution . Korn forged a path led by Jonathan davis ' whimpers , growls and viceral frustrations , and exposed through dissonant guitars and a bowel stirring rhythm section . anyone that has seen videos of korn 's early club shows know they are relics to their humble and still emotional beginnings to a band with huge potential . However , success is the kiss of death for most bands and Korn is not excluded . Issues , Untouchables ... was n't there another one ? The point is , KORN is reduced to only going through the motions . They are putting out weak albums one after another and raking in the money from the innocent and wide eyed TRL generation that are really too stupid right now to give a ... . I am reminded of a time my friends and I were riding through the back roads in Rochester NY and we hit a deer . it was thrown to the front of the car and lay in headlights semiconciuos and kicking . It was n't dead however after each of it 's kicks it seemed to drift off a little more . Naturally it made me sick to see such a beautiful animal suffering with really no hope for survival . Thank you .
 Untouchables , IMHO is n't very good . People seem to , in their reviews constantly be saying `` Do n't you like change ? Dont you want innovation ? '' . And I do . Unfortunately this CD has only change , and not innovation . Korn 's `` new '' sound is new only to them , and not to music in general . In other words , this has all been done before , just not by Korn . And in my opinion , done better.I 'll break down the different parts of the music , starting with : VOCALS - 1 In a word , awful . Davis ' voice has seriously degraded from CD to CD . His attempts at screaming sound completely forced , and his attempts at singing seem flat out silly because of the combination of a lisp and whininess that he acquired for Issues , and an unfortunate yet unidentifiable accent he seems to now use . Also , he tries to sing falsetto , but falls flat on his face.GUITARS - 3 Decent . Improved from Issues , with much more variety in the lighter parts , with some nice slide guitar effects integrated with melodic playing . Unfortunately , 70 % of the heavy riffs are barely distinguishable from each other , and on the whole completely unmemorable.RHYTHM - -LRB- Bass and Drums -RRB- 2 Ehh ... . Some interesting drumming in track 13 , but overall just decent . The Bass is different than in older CDs , with less slappy sounding bass , and more traditional sounding rolling bass . I think the older style of bass playing was more distinctive , but whatever , im not a huge Bass fan.Korn
 Since when did N'Sync start playing guitars ? Oh , thats right , these guys are a `` metal '' band . These guys are no more metal than O-Town or Sum 41 .
 Not much of interest on this disc . Slicker production and vocal layering does not make for a more interesting listen . Past records sounded a lot fresher than this . I will admit though that I like tracks # 1 , # 6 , # 7 , # 8 , & # 14 a lot but the rest can go elsewhere . It sounds like Korn is out of ideas especially Davis . Davis was a lame lyricist to begin with but to be singing about the same stuff 5 albums later is sad . I would have like to have seen a little growth out of these guys but I guess I 'll have to be happy with the earlier albums .
 If you think Metallica 's Load and Reload were bad enough , then listen to this awful cd by korn , I Used to like them , but thanks to their stupidity , they will never be brought again , and another thing this is for fieldly , Mariah Carey got something on youAvoid this cd like the flowers in the attic .
 well the lyrics are ok and vocals too but riffs are terrible ! slayer has made good riffs ! they should listen to slayer more !
 I have always liked korn ever since they came out in 93 ' . I felt the 3 year absense of music since their debut of issues . I 'm so happy they made this cd , and hope they never stop making great music . ROCK ON
 Do your drugs , drive your ferari 's , scr * w your hooker wives ... but please do n't make any more music !
 I do n't know how you can listen to this nu metal garbage . I would advise to check out some bands like oasis the strokes brmc blur and stuff like that . Everything Korn has done is all dowtroden nonsense . I think you need some uplifting music before you all slit your wrist.Maybe I do n't really want to knowHow your garden growsI just want to flyLately did you ever feel the painIn the morning rainAs it soaks it to the boneMaybe I just want to flyI want to live I do n't want to dieMaybe I just want to breathMaybe I just do n't believeMaybe you 're the same as meWe see things they 'll never seeYou and I are gon na live foreverMaybe I do n't really want to knowHow your garden growsI just want to flyLately did you ever feel the painIn the morning rainAs it soaks it to the boneMaybe I will never beAll the things that I want to beBut now is not the time to cryNow 's the time to find out whyI think you 're the same as meWe see things they 'll never seeYou and I are gon na live foreverWe 're gon na live foreverGonna live foreverLive foreverForeverBuy the new Oasis album July 2 .
 `` Hello . We are Korn . Back in 1995 we sorta invented ` nu-metal ' . We didnt mean to but it happened . Ever since then we 've basically found a job . All we do is we keep repeating ourselves to tears till the last person listening to us yawns him/her/self to an inglorious death . But in the meantime we are making lotsa dough while endorsing cool sneaker-companies and playing shows all ovah da world infront of hysterical kids who think they are seeing ` true metal ' . But hey , like we said , it 's a job man . Look out for our next rerun in a year or so when we release our next ` harder than the one before ' album ... ok ? `` Ok . First of all , this statement that Davis -LRB- the Korn singer for the uninitiated -RRB- made before the `` Untouchables '' hit the market -LRB- `` our next album will be our heaviest yet '' -RRB- reminds me and many 1000s more of 30-somethings of ... Manowar . This is exactly the statement that we used to hear from Manowar back in the torturous 80s until Manowar entered the Guiness book of Records for being the loudest band in the world . And simoultaneously the most hilarious . `` Huh '' you said ? Since when has metal become about making the next album heavier than the previous ? What is this ? Who ever said that metal is about increasing the decibels ??? If that 's what it is about then eventually we would come to a point where we would be listening to monstrous flattened walls of sound because someone is trying to outdo the `` heaviness '' of their `` album before '' . . This just shows the downright silliness Korn have come upon.Now to the album itself . The album itself is probably the most boring Korn have made to this date , as difficult as this sounds considering that they have n't made anything remotely interesting since `` Follow the leader '' -LRB- and even that was ridden with timid highlights here and there -RRB- . There 's nothing to report from the Korn front when it comes to their new release . The same tired beats , the same I-heard-it-all-before-one-gazillion-times riffs , the same oh-no-watch-me-do-the-same-ole-growl vocals , the same jesus-have-i-been-abused-when-i-was-a-kid-i-think lyrics . . When will this joke stop ? Apparently we 'll need to endure it for quite some time yet as long as the industry -LRB- and Korn themselves -RRB- keep ramming down kids ' throats this joke as something `` alternative '' . But , how can something be alternative when it tops the charts and when it 's sponsored heavily by MTV and all the major radio stations ? Actually this is as mainstream as it gets . Everytime the `` new '' Korn hits the stores it gets almost as much airplay as the new Celine Dion stuff . You make the conclusions.Korn , when they brought out their eponymous debut were a group that rejuvenated a stale scene and gave it new direction . Now they represent one of the very reasons this scene is deader than dead.Pretty soon you will start seeing their albums in the flea markets . Pretty soon i said ? Maybe you should take a stroll to a flea market the soonest you get a chance . You 'll be surprised with what you 'll see in them old dusty boxes ...
 First of all , let me state that Korn has been my # 1 FAVORTIE band until 2002 . Korn -LRB- self-titled -RRB- still is my favorite CD of all time , with tracks like `` Clown '' , `` Faget '' , and `` Fake '' making up my top 3 list , LIP is my 2nd favorite Korn CD , with my ears being filled up with glorious noise from songs like `` Mr. Rogers '' , `` Good God '' , and `` ADIDAS '' . . Follow the Leader experienced a little drop off , but still `` Got the Life '' , `` Justin '' , and `` Seed '' were enough to keep me listening . Now came Issues . That CD had some issues . Even after that CD I had faith in Korn . 3 freakin years later , I expect a killer CD . I expect a major improvement . I get ... This CD is nowhere near Korn or LIP . The only good tracks are `` Thoughtless '' and `` Beat it Upright '' . The whole CD follows the same pattern ... guitars , verses , chorus , verses , chorus , break down , chorus . `` Make Believe '' deserves to be on a Limp Bizkit CD -LRB- meaning it absolutely ... -RRB- . I still am a Korn fan . Their older songs still make it on my playlist . But this new Korn is n't for me . Tool 's taken over the throne for my # 1 band . I know , ALL of you do n't give a -LSB- care -RSB- who does , but during the 3 year wait , Tool 's beat my eardrum better than any other band yet.CD 's I reccomend
 I remember when Davis was interviewed for this album , Davis said it will be the hardest album yet . Great I said 2 myself , but the problem with this album is that if there wasnt a space between the songs it would be 1 long drawn out song . Korn has had there day I think , now all they seem to be doing is living off the name . This album is very weak in every sence of the way , if you are new 2 korn start with the early stuff first . This album smells of eggfarts , Pull my finger they r done . And 2 eveyone out there stop following the crowd and think 4 yourself , for if this was a new band debuet album nobody in there right mind would buy it , it would be passed by . And that is the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth , blah blah blah .
 This album is just as bad as issues . Slow , unlistenable , with the basic nu metal guitar riffs . I believe marylyn manson helped them , but his music is bad as well . I remember korn saying that this was going to be their hardest album ever but in stead its their softest . The only good albums they made are `` life is peachy '' and `` korn '' .
 I can never say I 've been a KoRn fan but I know what heavy metal is , ... and sadly this is not it ! I think KoRn has been getting softer after every album and more commericial . If you were looking for another KoRn CD like there first one then do n't buy it , but if your looking for something like poser wannabee rock -LRB- * cough cough * Limp Bizkit -RRB- then by all means buy it ! I gave it one star cuz of `` Here To Stay '' was pretty much the only `` heavy '' song on the CD or else I would have gave it 0 stars . But if you like new metal & who does n't go downhill after every album then I suggest Slipknot or Mudvayne .
 I have been listening to KoRn since before they hit it big with Follow the Leader , since the self-titled LP . KoRn has never been able to make a better album than their first , but Life is Peachy was still raw and had the same energy and even though Follow the Leader was a commercial success , it was still KoRn moving in a good direction . A couple years later KoRn has been reduced to absolute ... . This album is horrible . John Davis does not even scat or play bagpipes on this record , and there is none of the emotion , demo-type rawness in the music that made KoRn so excellent in the first place . I will forever respect KoRn for their first three records , but I can not even acknowledge Issues or Untouchables as KoRn albums ...
 I cant believe people still listen to this -LRB- stuff -RRB- . The only thing this band has done consistently since their frist album is make bad albums . The only place this belongs is in the ... . Every song sounds the same just like the last four korn records . Go buy something worth your time like Tool or System of a Down
 this cd sucks no afence 2 korn . i like there other cds like there debut and all of them except for untouchables .
 Korn have outdone themselves by releasing what is not only their worst album , but the worst album i have ever had the displeasure of owning , i sold it to some kid for 5 bucks . This album is the worset album of the year , do n't buy it .
 Now do n't get me wrong I loved Korn 's early work , Life is Peachey is still one of my favorites , but they are really losing their energy on their last two albums . Really Follow the Leader was there last good album . Issues was a mess . Untouchables is better but with only so few great songs on the album we have go to worry where they are heading . We all know they can do better . Anyone that things this is a great album is in denial about this band . Unfourtanetly this will probably be the last Korn CD I buy . When the only good songs on a CD are the ones on MTV why buy it ?
 This is by far the worst thing korn has ever put out . the songs have no rythm . this cd -LSB- stinks -RSB-
 I was a huge korn fan until they released this album . Everyone of the songs is a disappointment . `` Here to Stay '' sounds good at first , but the bridge of that song is rediculous , and listening to one song over and over again is sad . This album confirms that even korn is not immune to the seemingly inevitable slow , poppy death that so many good bands have experienced . DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM !
 This is the most horrible cd by korn definately -LRB- Issues ... too but at least had 2 good tracks on it -RRB- . Old school korn lovers will hate this album . The old harder stuff by korn is awesome ... this just plain ... There isnt really a good track on the whole cd . I dont know where korn is goin with this new ... sound but they need to bury it .
 I heard J Davis got voice lessons , cant you tell ? Boy , from the first single I thought it was Korn featuring Robert Plant . His voice is amazing . And Fieldy is getting so much better at the bass , and the Head guy is shredding out beautiful power chords . Korn rocks , I 've never been to a Korn show , but if my mother ever let me go , I would meet my boys of Korn and ask them how come they are so remarkably talented and how Davis can get his voice to sound like he was being pinched by a crawfish . Korn will SAVE ROCK AND ROLL . we need more bands like Korn , well wait ... I should n't complain , we do have Paparoach , limp biscuits ... you get my point . Real music fans love korn.Let me rate the songs for all you : : : :1 . Here to stay - Terrible an absolute mockery of everything rocknroll once stood for2 . Make believe - Terrible . Davis whines like my sister-3 . Blame - This is music ? How do they figure ??? 4 . Hollow Life - Stop whining already . . PLEASE ...
 I 'm sorry , but these guys are just trying way too hard to sound like Adema . I have no idea who these guys are or where they came from , but they might as well just go home now , because there is no chance that they will ever go platinum .
 Korn is like alot of some cool fans before TRL decides to market them to snotnosed 13 year old kids who claim they are the greatest band , if you want a good band listen to bands like Aerosmith the Beatles bands that can stay together and not sell out . I made the mistake in byuing this new cd hoping that it would be good I was dead wrong it -LSB- STINKS -RSB- the only good song is the 1st one . The rest of the cd is Jhonathon Davis winning and moaning like a 2 year old baby . Come on Korn you graduated Berkley College for MUSICANS Act like it not like Sell Outs
 Cd is not worth the money to buy it . Plain and simple . Do n't waste your money on this cd .
 Korn are my favorite nu metal band.Us Korn fans waited 3 years for a new album and we got THIS!There are 5 good songs on here . `` Here To Stay '' , `` Blame '' , `` Thoughtless '' , `` Alone I Break '' , and `` Embrace '' . All the others are boring.The riffs are lame and the songs are NOT as heavy as the old Korn . `` Here To Stay '' , `` Blame '' , `` Thoughtless '' , and `` Embrace '' can all be found on the Korn Live DVD . `` Alone I Break '' and `` Here To Stay '' can be found on Greatest Hits Vol .1 . Do not waste money on this when you can get the 5 good songs elsewhere .
 This is by far the WORST KORN ALBUM EVER ! Forget about the rage and emotion from the first 2 albums . Korn can be defined by their first 2 albums , period , the rest of the `` experimentation '' side of the band is pure crap , where are the dark , sick and full of emotion Jonathan 's screaming ? where is the funky-fast riffs of `` Divine '' ? forget it , it ' gone ! When i started listening to Korn -LRB- back in ' 94 -RRB- I was amazed by the refreshing and incredible sound , specially for the emotion on the lyrics and the singing ... but now , everything is about money , MTV and fame ... just like in the song `` Got the Life '' but the saddest part is the video clip for that song became real ... so sad . I still dreaming of that crazy wild Jonathan wearing sequined Adidas track-suits on-stage and screaming his guts out while he was singing from the bottom of his heart ... but those days my friend , are gone .
 ok here a play by play of the album1 . Here to stay
 You 'd think after 10 years , Jon would have something better to do than whine some more . The sound is thicker and heavier , yes . But lyrically , they have n't grown much since 1992 . The bass line about halfway into `` I 'm Hiding '' sounds almost exactly like `` Here to Stay '' 's bass line .
 OK Korn 's first and second CDs were groundbreaking and should be in every heavy music fan 's collection but I guess it 's true that success can make you jaded . This new CD is very weak musically and lyrically . The Amazon reviewer hit it right on the head.I dont think Korn can ever match the innovation of thier first 2 efforts . David sounds like he 's bored , and the other guys in the band just dont have that fire and creativity they use to have . Looks like Korn have made thier millions and now it 's time to give upthe music and live out the rest of thier charmed lives .
 Even though Korn is my favorite band , I was disappointed in this album . I tried to like it but I just could n't . It just does n't sound like Korn . When the `` Here to Stay '' came out , I had high hopes cause that song did rock , but the rest of the album is just bland material , its like they tried to do sappy rock ballads on some of the tracks . But I 'm glad to hear that on the next album they 're going back to their roots , so if you wan na check out Korn , just skip this one and get the self titled debut or `` Issues . ''
 I have been a Korn fan for many years and I was hoping they would n't sell out like other bands do when they become succesful . Musically speaking , Korn did a good job with ` Untouchables , ' but I think they tried too hard to appeal to the mainstream-pop crowd . When they first came out , Mr. Davis was full of rage and aggression , which is why I liked Korn so much . Now the vocals have a whiny feel to them . Unfortunately , Korn has gone soft .
 Do n't get me wrong , I L.O.V.E. KoRn , and must take a lot for a KoRn fan as deticated as I am to say anything by them -LSB- is horrible -RSB- , but this album -LSB- is horrible -RSB- ! The only reason I gave this two stars instead of one was because of the songs ` Here to Stay ' and 'Em brace ' , the only songs that have something I can bang my head to . The other songs sound all sweet with Jonathan makeing all thses squeeky noises , and with Munky and Head playing one or two strings at a time , and with Feildy gently plucking at his bass , and with David lightly tapping on a tambarine , instead of rocking hard like KoRn is supposed to . I for one wish they had stopped with Follow the Leader , because KoRn has really lost their touch .
 I wish I could give this CD 0 stars.The Fake Metal band every REAL metalhead despises is at it again with another crapfest of thrown together hooks and neverchanging guitar riffs . The drums are slow as a fricken turtle and he could n't go any slower with those clicky ass double bass drums . Johnathan 's voice could n't get anymore annoying . He sounds like he has a twig up his ass and I want to punch him because he sucks . Fieldy is a pretty good bassist , I 'll give him that but he should join a BETTER band , like Cryptopsy . If you think this CD is heavy , prepare to be blown away and listen to something really heavy , like BREEDING THE SPAWN by SUFFOCATION .
 This is officially Korn 's worst and most overrated album they have ever put out . The only real Korn song is Here to Stay . The rest of the other songs are all plagued with problems . Either the choruses are strong and the verses are weak or visa versa . The record in general is overproduced resulting in what sounds to be the neutering of Davids drums . The snare has n't packed a punch since Follow the Leader . Other then Here to Stay I constantly feel the urge to press the skip button . Jonathon Davis obviously spent enough time writing these lyrics , but it 's the way he sings them at some points that make me cringe . The thing is that with Untouchables , the lyrics were great but the music felt incomplete . With Issues , I felt it was the other way around due to the fact that they had less time to work on it . Even though this leaked onto the internet , I 'm not surprised it did not sell well , which is why they re-released it in a limited version with a bonus DVD . Also theuntitled remix of here to stay kills the original . If you are a big korn fan and for some reason do not have this cd yet , then I suggest hunting down a copy of the limited version with the DVD -LRB- get it used and cheap -RRB- and that way you can avoid listening to the god awful remix because thankfully they removed it on that version . Korn tried an experiment here and it was a complete failure , which the exception of Here to Stay . That song alone bumps my rating up to two stars . Do n't get me wrong , I have been a really big Korn fan for a long time , but lately they lost their edge somewhere around Issues . I doubt they will ever be able to return successfully to the days of old -LRB- especially with the loss of Head -RRB- , but we can still listen to their old stuff and hear something truly great and original that no one ever seemed to replicate . Sadly that fact looks like it can now be said about themselves . They can still make good music , but nothing will ever top their early stuff . Hoped this helped .
 I dont know what happened this cd really really really sucks the only good song in this is Bottled Up Inside ... wow what happened KoRn ?
 With their fifth release Korn moves further away from what made them great ... the pure emotion of thier music and lyrics ... davis 's voice doesnt have the hard edge that he did in Korn and Life Is Peachy , they try to show they are the same band but fall way short , and even worse ... they try to show how much theyve grown by having Davis actaully sing songs ... something he should not do ... i write this review not as someone who dislikes korn at all ... in fact they were my favorite band for many years ... if you want to hear GOOD Korn listen to Life is Peachy and Korn ... and if you crave that emotion i highly recommend Daddy on Korn ... if your favorite Korn album is Follow the Leader ... go ahead and buy this album ... if you arent one of the millions who joined korn after that album and heard them in the beginning ... DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM ... KORN IS DEAD
 You know , I believe my musical tastes have progressed enough to be able to laugh at korn . For starters , all of their music sounds exactly the same . But still ... their music is missing something , oh yeah , music ! I mean , what is this ?? Truly , korn could only be enjoyed by the desperate 12 year-olds trying to fit in with what they think modern popular music is . I ca n't blame them however , they ca n't help it . I blame radio stations and mTV , both of which have destroyed decent music by repeating the nu-metal/rap-metal music that people like me ca n't help but laugh at . Anyway , like i said , there is absolutley no musicianship anywhere on this cd . Now , some of you may be thinking
 I loved ` issues ' , it was inventive for them and fairly cinematic with odd hooks . Their original disc has great songs . ` Life is Peachy ' was great when very angry and ` Follow ' was kind of fun in a sick way . Untouchables is really unappealing to me , all the songs are just dull , like it 's a parody of the band , I thought Jon was supposed to be more mellow from the prozac?I think they need at least one decent guitar riff , make new instrumentals , find a new way of expressing with better , less blunt lyrics or do not continue making music . Do something exciting , maybe a concept album with drawings or SOMETHING new . Get a haircut maybe , I dunno ...
 My last two reviews were on my first-ever metal album -LRB- now 608 -RRB- and my long-standing favorite video game . I figured I 'd mix it up a bit.Korn pretty much piloted this pop-culture phenomenon - however briefly it lasted - called nu-metal . I 'm going to hack away at this tree from the bottom up.To begin with , Korn 's influences . According to Korn 's official website , founding member Jonathan Davis `` faced many hardships -LRB- including alleged child abuse , violent schoolyard bullying , and an abusive step-mother -RRB- , and he later used these experiences to inspire his song writing for Korn . '' It also reads he can play other instruments , such as the piano , bagpipe , and harp . Tough life . No arguments from this reviewer here . According to Wikipedia , musical inspiration came from
 i bought this album thinkig it was going to be great what a letdown . this is easily the worst korn album ever when issues came out that was quite a let down to but this is just PANTS . if you dont have all the korn ablums dont bye this one buy one of the other far superior albums as buying this is just a waste of your cash !!!!
 One of the most notable aspects of Korn 's music is that it has continually evoloved . Some bands constantly churn out the same material and ultimately stagnate . Do n't get me wrong , this CD is most certainly Korn ; i.e. , Fieldy 's percussion style bass , etc. . But , Untouchables is certainly the current pentacle of Korn ... My personal favorites off the CD are , Here To Stay , One More Time , Embrace , and I 'm Hiding . The song Hollow Life , alone , has added a new dimension to Korn while at the same time showcasing the bands incredible musical talent ... . In other words , Buy the CD !!!!!
 Oh god , what happened to this band . This is a disaster.If you like some sick hybrid of pop mixed with death metal then you will simply ADORE this album . Do n't forget whiny vocals and terrible , childish lyrics.If you like metal -LRB- good music -RRB- , then buy Life is Peachy , Self-Titled , and yes , even Follow the Leader.STAY AWAY FROM ISSUES AND UNTOUCHABLES ! ESPECIALLY UNTOUCHABLES !
 I 've always been a big Korn fan , I hooked in about the time that Follow The Leader came out . Anyways , when I heard that Korn was coming out with their new album , I rushed to the store to get it . Came home , popped it into the stereo , and all I got was disappointed . While the album has its few good songs , overall its not my cup-of-tea . I prefered Life Is Peachy and Follow The Leader to their new one . I think the band wanted to make something new , something that took it in a new direction . Bad move . Although it does have its good songs , like Here To Stay , Im Hiding , and Wake Up Hate , the majority of the songs were below average.If you 're an older fan of Korn , I dont recommend this one .
 This is just commercial metal at it 's worst . Korn is just another band that needs help selling their music so they beg MTV to help them . Their music reminds me of a bad dinner , a few minutes after listening to it , you vomit it right out . Korn claim to be metal , but to me they look like a bunch of white boys posing with their guitars trying to form a cool rap band . This music just raises one issue , nothing .
 Is it just me , or does every Korn album sound exactly alike ?? I 'll give em credit because they were at one time ground breaking and original . Korn 's 1st album set a new standard for up and coming metal bands . But now almost every nu metal band sounds just like them . They 're not really a bad band , they 're just stuck in a rut . All their songs sound exactly alike - the same guitar riffs , basslines -LRB- Fieldy is a pretty good bassist -RRB- , drumlines , and same whiny vocals . If you have one Korn album you have them all .
 This is the new Korn album . I 'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you surfed to this page on accident . If you are truly dense and must hear this , borrow it from one of your mooky pals .
 ... that would even top `` Follow the Leader '' , EASILY KoRn 's best album to date . The rumors of record-breaking production monies , the band being quoted in pre-release interviews citing `` Untouchables '' as their ` masterpiece ' had a good many fans breathlessly anticipating this offering.The production does sound good ... well ... HEAVY anyway . There is a certain murkiness that does not lend itself to KoRn 's turn to a more melodic approach to their songs . Jon Davis 's vocals are quite interesting on some songs , especially `` Hollow Life '' , where he sounds like the wicked mongrel of Axl Rose and Trent Reznor . And there is a song or two on the album where it 's all there , such as the spectacular `` Make Believe '' . The problem , though , is that Head and Munky went into the studio with ZERO new ideas . Whatever those two have been doing for the last three years , it is apparent that they HAVE N'T been practicing!I mean , talk about monotony ! The majority of the songs on `` Untouchables '' chug along with two or three-chord heavier-than-earth riffs , but nothing here sounds fresh . Whatever happened to the dynamicism they displayed on `` Follow the Leader '' , maybe the best metal album in the last five years ? Perhaps Head and Munki should spend less time showing off their new mansions and cars on MTV and actually devote some time to reversing their now two-album musical slump.Suddenly , the `` Leaders '' are hearing the footsteps behind them ...
 i like korn a lot , as a matter of fact they 're one of my favorites . but this album is no good . not one track sounded good to me . there were a couple that i found almost listenable . what happened ? his voice is different in this and there are no drums . it 's all synthesizer . my favorites are issues , follow the leader , and their self-titled album -LRB- awesome cd -RRB- . this album is not like any of those . no talent was displayed on this album .
 Satisfactory , is the only best describing word I could use for this album . When Korn first came out , they were new to the nu-metal scene they were change from grunge . Their first few albums were classics , now they have changed their style of music to compete with various ... like Linkin Park and Sum 41 which does not compete with Korn 's classical old style . I think they have had there day and they are just trying to keep in the runnings of the new millenium bands , which in my view are utterly ... maybe it 's me or is there no room left in the world for decent music . Unlike this new commercial farce of nu-metal .
 I was , and still kinda am , a Korn fan , but this album was such a big disappiontment . All the tracks seem to blend together and by the end of the album , I had fallen asleep . This album is far from the groundbreaking and memorable sound of the first two albums . I just hope that their next album 's songs are actually distinguishable or else I 'm going to rip their sticker off of my instrument case .
 i only gave this album one star because there is no `` zero '' . korn is the most pathetic excuse for a `` metal '' band i have ever seen or heard , yet somehow , they manage to suck everyone into their void of trendiness . korn 's music is for people who think they 're metal , who want to be hardcore , who think they 're cool and hard because they listen to loud , immaturely angry music ... kids who think the world is on their shoulders ... WAKE UP ! society does n't care about you , and it 's time to deal with that ;] if you want to listen to REAL metal , try something with a bit of depth to it , like megadeth or slayer -LSB- not new slayer though , even though it puts korn to shame -RSB- , and for anyone who listens to this ... remember , you have been desensitized . korn is just another papa roach with a little bit of seniority . if you 're a hardcore fan , try some slipknot , or soad , or coal chamber 's 1st or 3rd album , or meshuggah , or maybe sepultura or soulfly . if you want metal , get some old slayer or basically any megadeth album . this music is WAY heavier than korn . LET 'S OPEN OUR MINDS , CHILDREN !
 I was once a Korn fan . Their first album was one of the greatest hard rock albums ever . `` Life is Peachy '' and `` Follow the Leader '' were also very good . But something very bad has happened to them lately . The music , which once challeged the boundaries of what defined `` havy '' -LRB- yes , even on `` Issues '' -RRB- , has now turned into bad synth-goth , sort of like maybe what Orgy wanted to be . The lyrics , once angry and throaty , have finally delved into unintentional self-parody and are delivered in an annoying whine . This might be the single worst album I 've ever spent money on . If you 're new to Korn , get one of their first three albums . If you 're an old fan , this is going to disappoint you greatly . You 're better off downloading this one . I wish I had .
 I 'd give it 3 stars , but I feel compelled to offset all the 5 stars that people are tossing out like candy.I think this is Korn 's weakest offering to date . It 's OK , but a certain sameness permeates throughout . For me the only standout track is 12 . This album does n't have the raw power of # 1 , the anarchaic quality of # 2 , the power and innovativeness of # 3 , or the amazing riffs of # 4 . Most dissapointing is the overall rythym . On many of the songs the rythym section could just as easily have come from a drum machine and sequencer.Korn 's now sounding a lot more like everyone else . Is that good or bad ? You decide . This is an OK album . Better than a lot of the other stuff out there . For me vaguely disappointing considering thier previous stuff . Is thier best now behind them ?
 It 's my impression that Korn has relinquished their `` ghetto hard-time '' stories in order to pursue that of the Slipknot themes . Hate and kill everyone because of problems the band members encountered 25 years ago . Still the same basslines , hard-hitting tunes , and recycled motifs that make Korn such a beloved band amongst the wide range of mismanaged middle-class teens that thrive on relating their lives to Davis 's songs so they feel as though the tragic ledgers of their lives seem to take on some importance . `` Alone I Break '' is the only truely appealing track I got out of this CD . Then again , we 're talking about me , the individual that listens to the CD for actual music qualities and tunes out the lyrics or meaning of the song . It 's my impression that Korn would be a wonderful band if they left out the `` ultra-heavy '' -LSB- stuff -RSB- . which corrupts every song that has a decent start . There is no screaming on this track , just actual singing . An accoustic guitar pops in on the chorus , which I 'm surprised to find . This is their first step on the path of greatness . Korn obviously has the intuition to create some amazing songs , and if this is a sign of their maturing , I 'm begining to like them .
 KORN HAS ONCE AGAIN FIT THE ROLE OF THE EVERY DAY AVERAGE ROCK BAND . THEIR INDIE STUFF WAS PROMISING AND HAD POTENTIAL . THEIR FIRST COUPLE OF ALBUMS WERE THE BOMB . ` FOLLOW THE LEADER ' ROCKED ... . BUT THEN CAME ` ISSUES ' , WHICH IS STILL OVER PRICED AT -LSB- price -RSB- ON -LSB- local store -RSB- . WHEN I HEARD ` HERE TO STAY ' ON THE RADIO , I KNEW I HAD TO GO AND BURN ` UNTOUCHABLES ' OFF THE NET . BUT ONCE I DID I REALIZED IT WAS THE BIGGEST WASTE OF MY TIME . ` HERE TO STAY ' IS THE ONLY GOOD SONG ON THE ENTIRE ALBUM . IF YOU DO N'T BELIEVE ME , GO WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY ON A CD THAT SOUNDS ENTIRELY THE SAME FROM ONE SONG TO THE NEXT . I USED TO LIKE KORN .
 I 've listened to Korn for five years , and it 's really been sad watching them get more and more pathetic with every album they release . The self-titled is the only one where they take themselves seriously and write songs without tap-dancing on effects pedals . Life is Peachy is good as well , but only because the band spends half the album making fun of heavy metal/themselves , which is hillarious . Then you have Follow the Leader and Issues , which are , for the most part , unbearable . But both of those terrible CD 's sound like Pink Floyd when compared to Untouchables.Every song has the same feel , same chords , same overproduction , same stupid lyrics . It was a lot more fun to listen to Korn when they wrote songs like `` K *** '' and `` ADIDAS '' that had entertaining lyrics and fresh-sounding riffs . This is an album full of bad musicianship and overly gloomy `` exorcisms of pain '' that are nowhere as sincere and real as `` Daddy '' and `` Kill You '' of albums past . Korn used to be one of the best metal bands in America ; now they 've joined the group of posers trying to be good , original , and heavy but failing ... If you want to hear some ... who used to be great , but somehow lost all their talent , then waste your hard-earned money on this piece of plastic . It 's your decision ...
 I have been a KoRn fan for years and greatly anticipated this album . I was almost embarassed as a KoRn fan when I heard it for the first time . The raw energy and emotion is lacking in this album .
 The change on the sound of KORN on Untouchables is absurd ... The KORN formula is not very varieted , but albuns like LIFE IS PEACHY and KORN 'S debut are raw and insane and got many good metal songs like BALL TONGUE , BLIND , DIVINE , SHOOTS AND LADDERS , LOST , ADIDAS and NO PLACE TO HIDE ... On Untouchables , Korn puts a lot of eletronic textures and the music became much more depressing and sick , which i do n't like at all ... Besides the great opening track HERE TO STAY , i do n't like any other song ...
 Do n't bother buying this rip-off . If you want a good Korn album , buy the only good one
 Korn are a band which is all over the music press . Highly respected and with a huge fan base . I though this album would be ok or at least good . But no . It is really not anything at all . There is two genres of song here .1 . Very heavy intro , very chunky and difficult to make out .2 . Synth intro , adding instruments , not very catchy just dull.All the songs within these genres sound the same . And are not really good at all.The most annoying thing about this album is the lyrics , Every single song Davies -LRB- korn singer -RRB- is constantly complaining about his `` hurt '' . It gets really annoying , just shut up and get over it ! It is really korny . -LRB- like this pun -RRB-
 to rate this album more than 2 stars ... you would have to be a foolthe korn we all loved has been asphyxiated by an attempt at `` expensive '' production.If you could over produce an album , i think korn has done it ... was that a guitar ... or a computer?What the hell did jon davis just say?Where they real drums ? they didnt sound like it!hahahahthis album is a joke
 I was very disappointed when I received this CD . While the list of titles seems impressive for anyone who loves '70s music , what the listing does NOT say is that these titles are not performed by the original artists . Needless to say , do n't waste your money on these imitation versions .
 I really respect and enjoy the music of Ray Charles so I hate to give this a somewhat low rating , but the overall quality of the production is very disappointing . If you do n't dig the gospel roots from which Ray Charles sprouted , then you may not like this DVD at all . In addition , the `` forced '' commercials in the beginning are so annoying that the frustration with this DVD begins even before the actual concert starts.Much of the beginning of this concert is primarily the Voices of Jubilation performing spirit filled selections of praise and worship . If you enjoy Ray Charles AND gospel music -LRB- which I do -RRB- , then there is some redeeming grace -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . If Ray Charles was n't such a musical legend and I did n't like gospel music , I might 've rated this DVD with only 1 star.Once the concert begins , the Voices of Jubilation play for quite some time before Ray Charles finally comes out to perform . After singing a few Christmas songs he then takes another long break before returning again , this time thankfully , for a longer set and ultimately , a heartwarming encore of `` America the Beautiful '' . Despite his obvious ailing , his strong spirit seems to allows him to smile and jam on his piano throughout.In this performance , Ray brings his own personal jazzy , blues interpretations to some popular Christmas songs and adds a few inspirational songs of praise and worship . The Voices of Jubilation do a good job of keeping the spirit moving in between Ray 's sets and throughout the duration of the DVD , but overall it 's not enough to save this lemon of a production .
 1 . All their standard songs were changed to what THEY thought the ALL WHITE AUDIENCE would want . If they sang their normal songs , they would have been great - but they had to be RACISTS . To be RACISTS they held their notes until their voices cracked . They sang louder until they were yelling - yelling to be yelling , not praising . For this reason they were lying - pretending to be praising but were realing singing to suit their own racist minds to please the all-white audience .2 . Ray Charles kept on forgeting his lines . At one point he was taken off the stage unexpectingly . Ray Charles should have paid everybody in there to have put up with him . He demanded top money when he was good - now he should give back when he is terrible . Fair is Fair .
 This was beyond belief from the forced commercial at the beginning to the lousy production values and poor Ray looks and acts ill.Avoid .
 This DVD is horrible right from the beginning . When you first pop the disc in it FORCES you to watch a 2 minute commercial for the cheap-o company that produced this disc . You ca n't skip it or even fast forward through it.Finally , when you can play the concert , you have to put up with the Voices of Jubilation singing some gospel songs -- w / no Ray in sight -- for about 15 minutes . Then Ray FINALLY comes out , sings a few songs , stands up and bounces a few times , and then is led off stage . Now we get to put up with the VOJ again for another 15 minutes.By then , I turned the DVD off and sold it to a record store that buys used discs . I should have been tipped off when the accompanying CD that comes with this only has 10 songs on it -- all by Ray . On the DVD , there are over 20 songs listed . So more than half the songs are NOT even sung by Ray Charles . Look , Ray Charles SOUNDS great but this concert is definitely not worth the price.The one thing that kept me watching longer than I should have , though , was -- with the entire choir , all African American , decked out in their tribal African garb -- when the camera showed crowd shots it was all a bunch of country bumpkin looking middle aged white folks clapping and dancing -LRB- out of rhythm ! -RRB- to the music.Now THAT was entertaining.The rest of the concert/DVD ? Not so much.Don ' t waste your money on this and , instead , get `` O Genio '' .
 God bless who ever this rocker is ... :-RRB- But do n't confuse this with Joshua James who 's just released From The Top Of Willamette Mountain ... Just sayin ! : -RRB-
 I made the mistake buying this album after listening to `` Never Seen Before '' off the Def Jam 's How to Be a Player Soundtrack . Never have I heard such repetitive beats . And the lyrics ? Check it
 I listened to All EPMD albums and it is clear that this album was thrown together just to clear their contract obligations to make 2 more albums . It 's that bad . One a couple of track are worth listening to and those are played on the radio.I know i gave it one star but that is because i ca n't give them any less . EPMD are WAY better than this . do n't waste your money.Aaron J. Creagh
 Please-some one needs to teach the `` rappers '' how to rap . They say nothing in the whole CD that makes sense or is worth listening to . Beats are alright . Bottem line - do n't do what I did , save your $ 13 .
 This CD comes off like Teddy Riley through-away 's ! Some of the songs sound like stuff He would use later for other artists . Need an example ? Well here , `` Want To Be With You , '' sounds like a poorly done demo version of Bobby & Whitney 's , `` Something In Common . '' The intro track sounds like a stupid version of `` Missunderstanding , '' by Al B. Sure ! Track 3 unroyally reminds of `` My Fantasy '' by Guy and ZAN had the nerve to bite off the KING of psychofunk , Sir George Clinton ! Zan 's on a mission wit ' no position -LRB- no need for permission ... -RRB- Then you have the janky version of `` Let 's Chill ... '' If you 've heard this CD , a true NJS fan can feel this review . The best track on the whole CD is the last one , `` Love Juicy , '' which is a quiet storm instrumental/dub version of the rap track by Wrecks-N-Effect called `` Juicy . '' I think this was exclusive to this album and a rap version was released on 12 '' as a remix . I 'm done with this CD . One track for an entire CD is not worth more than $ .99 ! Some others were not so lucky as I was . This album was probably a prime example for the reason that Gene and Teddy did n't remain a company . Gene used to get the majority of the credit on the production tip , but Teddy was the one mainly on the boards and arrangements . The writings were on the wall by Gene and ZAN . I tear this album down , but William Aquart has written great material for other artists . What happenend here ? Hopefully this review was helpful towards choosing to purchase this CD or not .
 From the Teddy Riley `` new jack swing '' vault comes this failed attempt . Track 3 `` Want to Be With You '' is the same borrowed track from Deja 's `` Made to Be Together '' and more recently Booby Brown and Whitney Houston 's `` Something in Common '' . They all have something in common in that the track IS THE SAME !
 Firstly I must state that I have been looking for this album , on and off for the best part of a decade . Teddy named checked Zan , in his version of ` New Jack Swing ' , and seeing that I had most things that Teddy had produced in that time , I wanted this . Finally , Amazon had it , and I copped it . Alas it was n't worth the wait . There are numerous problems with this CD . Firstly , Zan does n't have an even half decent voice . Secondly the production seems lazy , and predictable , and has n't lasted the test of time . I only liked ` I wan na be with you ' . Brings to mind the female group ` Abstrac ' and the Good Girls , who looked the part , but could n't sing . Not for big people
 I have heard this recording several times and I still can not find any drama here . No uplifting introspective singing in `` Es gibt ein Reich '' , no fun when the troupe comes in right after Ariadne sings it.I find this recording the usual boring undramatic Strauss conducted by Karajan . I have also written a review about Karajan 's Rosenkavalier recording and the same undramatic approach is here.All the singers sing well , especially Irmgard Seefried and Rita Streich . Elizabeth Schwarzkopf does too much cooing , too much oo'ing and ah ` ing that it also becomes funny . I also , strangely , find her tone a little sour here and there . Rudolf Schock is a bit strained and gets to be a little uncomfortable.The sound favors the singers greatly , which I find a pity since Strauss ' orchestrations are so rich.If you are looking for a great Ariadne auf Naxos recording with drama and great singing go for Bohm 's 1944 recording with Maria Reining as a magnificent Primadonna/Ariadne , Irmgard Seefried as the composer -LRB- even better than she is here -RRB- . Only Max Lorenz can be a little tiresome if you are n't used to his voice and his style . I find him really great but it is an acquired taste.But best of all is Karl Bohm 's conducting , so full of drama , insight and fun that this recording become boring by comparison .
 I have never , ever come across such a horrendous CD with unclear vocals , aqnd instruments . Take ir from me . DO NOT purchase from this seller !!!
 omg ! . . lol . . what can i say . . i remember when i first heard steveie 's music back in the day . . i remember he came to the county fair where i lived and i remember i was 7 at the time it was the summer of 1990 . . and i lived right across from the fairgrounds and i was outside with my mom and we could hear the live show he was putting on . . it sounded really good . . he sounds good in person . . i did n't really know anything about him back then because being so little and all and i was mainly into the new kids on the block . . but i do remember his songs and they are really great songs . . as i type this i 'm listening to i wan na be the one . . which was the song that is still in my memory from him performing it that night at the fair . . it brings back alot ALOT of memories . . i 'm now 20 and i love 80s music . . and he 's in my top 5 of msuicians back then . . definatly listen to his music everybody who do n't know about it . . if you want a good memory about songs back from the day . . stevie b would be something to listen to . . sometimes i feel like crying from the memories from back in them days . . they were good . .
 omg ! . . lol . . what can i say . . i remember when i first heard steveie 's music back in the day . . i remember he came to the county fair where i lived and i remember i was 6 at the time it was the summer of 1989 . . and i lived right across from the fairgrounds and i was outside with my mom and we could hear the live show he was putting on . . it sounded really good . . he sounds good in person . . i did n't really know anything about him back then because being so little and all and i was mainly into the new kids on the block . . but i do remember his songs and they are really great songs . . as i type this i 'm listening to i wan na be the one . . which was the song that is still in my memory from him performing it that night at the fair . . it brings back alot ALOT of memories . . i 'm now 20 and i love 80s music . . and he 's in my top 5 of msuicians back then . . definatly listen to his music everybody who do n't know about it . . if you want a good memory about songs back from the day . . stevie b would be something to listen to . . sometimes i feel like crying from the memories from back in them days . . they were good . .
 I picked up this album at Target for some Hawaiian background music for a party . What a joke ! Every tune is a cover , much of it with synthesizer . One piece even has 3 seconds of dead air while waiting for the track to loop back for a second verse . It 's pop for the most part , and does n't speak Hawaiian at all . If your idea of a luau is a hotel buffet line in a ballroom , or a hibachi bbq in a trailer park , then this disc might do for you.Instead , if you 're looking for some authentic Hawaiian music , check out Gabby Pahinui , Dennis Kamakahi , Israel Kamakawiwo'ole , Raiatea Helm , and similar .
 Never did recieve cd I ordered . Sent seller 2 different e-mails , never did get a resposne . Will not order from seller again .
 I still like Catherine Wheel a heck of a lot.I wonder if the new direction of `` Adam '' caused the bands ' riff . Seems like they 're trying to replicate `` Cats and Dogs '' . They would be better off trying to write `` A '' sides again.Here 's less melody on melody , more forward vocals -LRB- thus more noticable lyrics , cry-boy , slightly sappy -RRB- , and that formerly trendy `` unplugged '' feel -LRB- well sort of -RRB- . I 've listened to this quite a few times waiting for the dawn of understanding some others mention . To no avail . DAMN!Concept album or no , this is not a must buy . I kept waiting for a home-run like `` Idle Life '' or `` The Nude '' . Nothing . Not even close.I 'm glad `` Wishville '' showed up . There 's still hope .
 just very bad . Chrome and ferment where much better
 It would be generous indeed to describe most early Who albums as uneven . Before TOMMY , The Who really was n't trying . If you doubt , check out this disturbing little curio . Sure , ` Magic Bus ' and ` Pictures Of Lilly ' are pretty damn good , but the rest of the album is basically unlistenable filler . If you are interested in pre-TOMMY Who , stick to comps like excellent MEATY , BEATY BIG AND BOUNCY which collects all the hits without the extraneous nonsense . Especially grating is the shrill , idiotic ` Doctor Doctor ' .
 This is not a live album , as the title might lead one to believe ; instead it is a collection of relatively obscure singles and B-sides . After the Who 's success in America with the single `` Magic Bus , '' the record company hastily threw together a mishmash of odds and ends . This album , released in 1968 , is what resulted . The songs are a mixed bag , ranging from classics like `` Pictures of Lily '' to silliness like `` Bucket T. '' `` I Ca n't Reach You '' and `` Our Love Was -LRB- Is -RRB- '' , both of which are great , come from `` The Who Sell Out . '' -LRB- This album is the only place you can find a version of `` Our Love Was '' with a clean intro ; that is , no crossfade from a previous song . -RRB- Five more songs can be found on the remastered `` A Quick One . '' `` Disguises '' has a very different mix from that on the box set and reissues . `` Run Run Run '' is a good song about a perpetually unlucky girl , and `` Someone 's Coming '' and `` Doctor , Doctor '' are strange-but-fun John Entwistle compositions . `` Bucket T. '' is the Who 's attempt at Beach Boys-type material -LRB- Keith Moon 's favorite song was `` Do n't Worry Baby . '' -RRB- `` Magic Bus '' and `` Pictures of Lily '' -LRB- both excellent songs -RRB- are on `` Meaty Beaty Big and Bouncy , '' which is a much more solid compilation . This leaves `` Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde , '' a fun little song only available on this album , which is supposedly about Keith Moon 's behavior when he was drinking . And a version of `` Call Me Lightning '' without lead guitar shows up here.In short , this is an interesting , but extremely uneven compilation of songs . In addition , the sound is pretty poor . After the recent remasters , most of the songs on this album show up elsewhere , making it unnecessary for all but serious fans . And the running time is just 30 minutes , making it a bad value.For the completist , this album might be worthwhile . But for casual fans , just get `` Meaty Beaty Big and Bouncy '' and `` The Who Sell Out '' for much more solid pieces from the same era .
 This was an odd choice of tracks when it was released on vinyl in the 1960s . It still is . The sound quality then was poor . It still is . The tracks do n't really give a fair impression of how The Who were pushing the boundaries of pop into rock , and r 'n' b into power-pop , at this time.Worth getting for the cover - however confusing it might seem . For the casual browser - warning ! This is NOT a live album , as it would appear from the title . These are all studio recordings , many of them B-sides to singles issued between 1965-67 . For the more devoted collector , worth getting for `` Dr Jeckyll and Mr Hyde '' . For the merely curious - save your money , and buy `` The Who Sell Out '' instead . THAT is utterly wonderful !
 be forewarned ! - this recording is made from a live performance , and it suffers from the usual problems found in recordings made from live performances .
 i love most motor albums but this one and snake bite love and are not great albums in my book not even close to most of there other albums.but that is just my opinion .
 Well after all this time I guess Motorhead have earned the right to release a bad album ... WHOA is this bad . Every single Motorhead album preceding it is better . When you buy a MOTORHEAD album , you expect A -RRB- Power and B -RRB- Speed , neither of which you get on HAMMERED . `` Brave New World '' and `` Red Raw '' are the only tracks even close to their prior standards ; the other tracks are slow and lifeless . Have fun with it , but you 'd be better off buying any other Motorhead album .
 I bought this CD because I loved Diana Krall 's ` The Look of Love ' . But ` Love Scenes ' is nothing like it - there is only one song I like and that is `` I Miss You So '' . I also bought ` When I Look in Your Eyes ' and was n't impressed by that CD either . Granted , these two were earlier works . Later , ` The Look of Love ' was a huge success for Diana -LRB- and I can see why -RRB- - but maybe that 'll be as good as she gets -LRB- ? -RRB-
 This album marks the transformation of a promising young artist into the more marketable `` sex kitten of jazz '' . Any spontaneity is drained , and the discomfort shows in the self-conscious phrasing and musical posing . Sad .
 Sounds like this Saloon singer had a little too much.Over use of the breathy sound is not very good vocal technique and to me is not sexy . The breathy sound should be used sparingly otherwise it sounds lazy and boozy .
 I did enjoy this . . however , I could n't play it again . It 's not original -LRB- or not enough -RRB- ... so to me , it does n't make it back into the ol' cd player . Lets face it , we all have talent , but , it 's that extra special twist , jive or groove you put into that talent that make runners constantly return to the starting tape . She just does n't seem to have that -LRB- yet -RRB- . Course , it does n't hurt to be beautiful . . = -RRB-
 In her earlier tribute to Nat King Cole , Diana Krall seemed focused on the music-that is , great jazz tunes made greater by Mr. Cole . Instead of trying to reinvent the wheel she simply sang each melody with wonderful timing , a luscious voice , and topped each off with uncomplicated but amazingly interesting piano.With this CD I was immediately struck by the fact that this recording was not about the music at all , but instead was all about Diana Krall . She seemed to be hamming it instead of singing . What happened to the melodies ? Where was the piano ? Where is the respect for the songwriter?Boozy drawling is OK , but Diana Krall can do much , much better than this .
 ... but I do n't think Diana Krall can hold a candle to many of the other jazz vocalists of yesterday and today . Her voice is great and her stylings are all right , but the song arrangements are mediocre at best and despite the ability of the other musicians on her cd 's , her own playing is little more than chords with an occasional 8 bar left hand riff . A jazz pianist she is not . If you want new female vocal jazz , you 're better off with Stacy Kent or Weslia Whitfield .
 Before I begin , I must say in preface that I know my opinion is in the extreme minority . my feelings about Diana Krall are not coming from somebody who does n't know anything about Jazz . With all of that said , I will say that Ms. Krall as a pianist is top rate , showcasing much with a style that is all her own but also harkens back to the wonderful years gone by , especially Nat King Cole . As a vocalist , however , I find her extremely unappealing , uninspired , and unfealing . Her style comes across to me as very forced and exaggerated . And believe me , after reading the rest of these comments , I listened to the album again just to try to find what everyone else is talking about . I ca n't hear it . When I think of great Jazz vocalists , I just ca n't put Diana 's CD on the same shelf as Ella , Sarah , Anita -LRB- O'Day -RRB- , Nina , or of course , Billie , it just does n't belong . Although Diana Krall 's piano skills are exceptional , I offer that if you would like to hear a female jazz pianist/vocalist , then go back to some of Nina Simone 's recordings , or check out Carmen MacRae , or Shirley Horn . As far as modern jazz tributes go , have a listen to Cassandra Wilson 's tribute to Miles Davis , Travelin ` Miles . It is my opinion that we are forgetting the traits that have been always present in the women that we call legendary Jazz vocalists . While her efforts are commendable , I feel that vocally , Diana Krall will not withstand the test of time . I know I sound rather harsh in this review , but go put on some classic Ella or Billie or Sarah and you 'll realize the type of ruler that I measure greatness by . I just ca n't accept less .
 I am not a frequent listener of Jazz and am unfamiliar with many of the contemporary names in the genre , however , the name of Diana Krall came to my attention when I purchased an excellent Jazz ballad cd by a saxaphonist . I read the reviews concerning the Love Scenes collection and all seemed favorable for a purchase . I thought I would take a chance on this cd.Unfortunately , Love Scenes has proved to be a major disappointment . I was eager to hear a Jazz vocalist explore the subject of love , however , the entire cd is completely lacking in depth lyrically . It is , at best , transparent.I also feel that Krall 's delivery is vastly too unemotional and detached for the theme of love . There is no `` soul '' in her voice and she seems at times to even be uninterested in the music she is singing . The most convincing vocalists are able to feel the emotions they sing . Krall fails at this juncture.Krall 's singing is unappealing to me as well . Surely a good vocalist could resonate a note just a bit . This surely might have aided her delivery on such songs as I Miss You So where the word `` so '' lies on a prolonged note . Unfortunately , she sings it blandly . Many other such examples could be cited.Lastly , the vast majority of the songs in the collection are simply unappealing . Despite her shortcomings , I did enjoy I Miss You So ; They Ca n't Take That Away From Me ; and I Do n't Stand a Ghost of a Chance With You . The remaining tracks I thought were horrendous - particularly Peel Me a Grape and My Love Is . Love Scene 's greatest fault , however , lies in its lack of depth with regards to the subject of love.I consider Love Scenes to be among the worst cd 's I have ever purchased . I do not recommend it .
 OK , I 'll admit that I 'm not an expert on jazz , nor have I ever jammed with a member of Billie Holliday 's old backup band . Still , just from the point of view of a person who enjoys a wide range of music in all its forms , I must say that this is the worst record I 've heard in years.Yes , Diana Krall can play the piano adequately . Patricia Barber is better . Krall 's vocals , however , leave much to be desired . It 's like she 's trying to be a female Sinatra but lacks the skill to pull off the act . If I seem harsh in my assessment , it is not for lack of fairness . I listened to this album several times in the hope that it might grow on me . After all , how could so many professional critics be mistaken ? I can only conclude that their ears are picking up something I 've clearly missed , or that there is a suspiciously powerful publicity machine working overtime on Krall 's behalf.Her phrasing on `` All or Nothing at All '' is a good example of how she is straining to accent certain syllables and words in lyrics that came across as entirely natural in Sinatra 's performance of the same tune . And Krall 's cover of the classic `` They Ca n't Take That Away From Me '' is a pale and shallow imitation of the song Julia Migenes sang so effortlessly and gloriously on her now sadly out-of-print LP of Gershwin standards . Meanwhile , `` You 're Getting To Be A Habit With Me '' sounds not just joyless , but positively entombed under the weight of its heavy and ponderous attempt to catch any kind of genuine spirit , romantic or otherwise . And , speaking of Patricia Barber , she puts Krall to shame as a popular chanteuse . Where Barber shades every line of a verse with subtle nuances that convey a comfortable , easy grace with the material she is singing , Krall is forcing it and projecting phony feelings that ring false with every note . `` Love Scenes '' does showcase an impressive and obviously talented group of musicians in the background . The arrangements are nicely composed , and the instrumental work is excellent . The whole thing also appears to have been mixed with a sure hand at the control board . This is a lavish production designed to make the most out of Krall 's mediocre voice and tepid delivery . Unfortunately , no amount of orchestration can hide the absence of any real emotion or style in her presentation.She does have some potential . Perhaps Krall will mature and learn how not to be so affected in her future projects , but for now , this is one overhyped diva you would be well advised to avoid . Check her out if you can not resist the avalanche of glowing reviews , but beware , the schmaltz factor is high here . Buy this at your own risk .
 I LOVE JAZZ AND HAVE ABOUT 150 JAZZ CDS ... THIS ONE WILL NOT BE ANYWHERE NEAR THE OTHERS . MUSICALLY , IT 'S VERY GOOD , HOWEVER SHE 'S FEATURED AS A VOCALIST AND THAT 'S WHERE IT ENDS . FORCED AND BORING ... THAT 'S NOT WHAT JAZZ IS ABOUT . POOR !
 I found this cd to be horribl
 Why waste words ? `` Emotionless '' says it all .
 I ordered this disc based on the title put out by Amazon that says `` DVD-Audio '' . The disc is in fact a DTS-CD . Since I purchased from an Amazon Marketplace seller and the UPC code matches , I can not ask the seller for return/refund .
 I purchased this CD set for my 4 year old about 8 months back , and today was the first time i have listened to it with her ! Song # 10 on Disc # 1 , is a story about a little girl being murdered by her stepmother by being beheaded with an AXE ! who makes this stuff for children is SICK SICK SICK ! Do not buy !!!! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 2 or 3 good songs , the rest is not even remotely metal - not even rock music ! someone please tell me what the @ # * # is `` American Trilogy '' ??!! I understand they wanted to do something patriotic , but this is just stupid and the whole cd is a big insult to Manowar fans and metal fans in general . I sold this cd used for 3 bucks 2 weeks after it came out . I hope they never do anything like this again .
 These warriors are in their 40 's now and like all great athletes , have lost a step . This would be a pretty good album , IF the entire Manowar catalog previous to this did n't exist . It just does n't measure up . The fast , heavy tunes are just re-hashes of previous tunes , with the usual paint-by-number lyrics . You could just write a bunch of words on index cards , such as `` death , '' `` blood , '' `` sword , '' `` metal , '' `` wind , '' `` battle , '' `` black , `` etc. etc. . Pick these cards one-by-one out of a hat and you 've basically written a Manowar song.It seems the bands only purpose for existence now is to sell tons of merchandise with the Manowar logo . They 're following the KISS marketing plan to a tee !! Manowar should just step aside and let RHAPSODY reign as the new KINGS OF METAL , because Rhapsody just kicks their ass in every single way !
 What is this ? is that Manowar or something else.I 've been manowar fan for many many years and do n't get me wrong - they 're good talanted musicians , but this album got my nerves . I 'm getting so tired to listen those stupid immature lyrics . they 're better just to play instrumental music only , without any words . Their lyrics sound like a little kid has been trying to write some poem for kindergarden or elementary school . Just listen it careffuly
 I also have been a Manowar fan since 1982 when Battle Hyms was first released.First of all ; I ca n't beleive it took them over 6 years to release a new studio album !! Second ; After 6 years they give us only 48 minutes of music ?? Actually it 's a lot less than 48 minutes.An Elvis cover tune , and an Italian Opera cover tune ?? So , we are actually getting less than 40 minutes of new original material after 6 years ? What happened to the old intricate songwriting days of Battle Hyms , Hail To England , Into Glory Ride and Sign of the Hammer ? Joey always played some incredible Bass on those albums , like `` Guyana Cult of the Damned '' . The writing on this album is so basic and uncreative .
 I have been a loyal and huge fan of Manowar since Battle Hymms came out in the early 80 's . Over the years some records have been better than others but I always loved them because it was Manowar . `` Warriors of the World '' -LSB- is really bad -RSB- ! I can not beleive this is the same band that wrote '' The Gates of Valhalla '' and `` Blood of my Enemies '' . I have been defending and standing up for Manowar since I was a little kid . Every -LSB- person -RSB- who made fun of them or did not see what was great about Manowar was a mission for me to get them into their music and vibe . I 've been to every local show and even had dinner with Manowar after a show once in NJ . But I have to say that this record is a big dissapointment . The lyrics and music are absolutly horrible . Usually the Metal Anthem song -LRB- Brothers of Metal etc. . . -RRB- is the worst track on a Manowar record . The Metal Anthem on this record is the only one I can listen to . The rest of the tracks are garbage . I really think it 's time for them to hang it up . Joey and Eric have lost their way . Plain and simple
 After song number one , I thought this will be a good album ... ahah ! it 's a joke , the worst album ever . From song 2 to 8 , it 's kind of a joke , is it heavy metal , I do n't think so ! Do n't by this album , unless your never heard this band and you like opera . I ca n't even think how a true fan can give this album a 5 stars . I gave 1 star and if I had the choice , I had choose 0 star , or 5 tomatoes . NEVER BUY THIS ALBUM , PLEASE !
 Not much to say here . I have been a loyal fan of this true metal band since the beginning when I was a little lad rockin my noggin . I guess all metal must rust , for this album is pretty awful . What happened to these guys . Have they been hangin out with N-SYNC ? I mean , this is mellow to where it hurts and the hevy tunes are just boring and horrible re-runs of Manowars good songs of the past . If you are a true lover of Manowar , you may break up with them after hearing this.What an upsetting CD .
 Manowar are always boasting how they are the heaviest , loudest and fastest band on the planet -LRB- I guess they 've never been to a Slayer show -RRB- . I knew there was a pretty good chance this would suck , as Manowar have n't really been able to capture the greatness of `` Battle Hymns '' or `` Into Glory Ride '' in their later material , but I hesitantly picked it up anyway . Somewhere after whose two great albums , they became obsessed with False Metal power ballads and stupid choir-type stuff . In that respect , this album does not disappoint . There 's Eric Adams singing an opera tune , there 's a rendition of `` when Johnny comes marching home again '' or something like that -LRB- I had to fast forward , I could n't take it -RRB- , and an Elvis cover . Jeez , guys , that 's real heavy !! The only thing that 's listenable on the whole thing is the last three or so tracks which do indeed live up to the tradition . But the problem is having to sit thru all the rubbish on the first half to get to the good stuff . Sorry , guys , but in terms of heaviness , bands like Electric Wizard , Pungent Stench , and of course Slayer wipe you up .
 Let me preface my review by saying I am a huge Manowar fan . I put up with a lot ... from my friends because they do n't like the group . I 've gone to concerts by myself because no one would go with me . However , this is possibly the worst CD I 've ever bought . I would n't sell this on ebay because I would feel bad I passed this ... onto someone . Maybe this was an experiment . If it was , it was a bad one . I want the Manowar that wrote Revelations , Kill With Power and Battle Hymns .
 This is the worst Manowar album ever . If you grew up on them in the early days and liked that sound , this is nothing like it . Check out `` Fighting the World through `` Louder then Hell '' era . That is What Manowar should sound like . I bought it for $ 1 at a pawn shop and feel like I was ripped off .
 It was midday by the time the brass of SPECTRE -LRB- Sinister Period-Practice Enacted to Counter Traditional Readings Everlastingly -RRB- assembled on the helipad of the hollowed out volcano . Number One , Ernst Hogwood Blofeld , led the way with Mister Bigglesworth in his arms . He was accompanied by his senior officers
 Ms Lincoln feels it is important to e-nun-ci-ate very clearly to show everyone just how angry she is ! An-gry a-bout ev-ery thing . Dreadful . Why did Stan Getz waste his time with her ?
 Writing this one star review was a hard decision to make . I am writing this review because this artist has accepted a > $ 100,000 bribe by the University of Colorado to help the University stifle a 420 pro-legalization protest.While this artist claims to be in favor of cannabis legalization , actions speak louder than words , and I think that it would be appropriate for this artist to face a very well deserved backlash from the pro-marijuana legalization community for his involvement in helping the administrators at the University of Colorado drown out a protest in favor of marijuana legalization.If Lady Gaga accepted a bribe from an anti-gay group to help muffle out a pro-gay rights event , she would face a backlash from the gay community . If Al Sharpton accepted a bribe from a white supremacists group to help tamp out a pro-African-American event , Al Sharpton would face a backlash from the black community for it . Similarly , I think that Wyclef Jean needs to face a backlash from the marijuana community for his efforts in helping to tamp out a 420 pro-marijuana protest .
 As a huge fan pf Wyclef 's first two albums , i met his newest with great anticipation , hoping to find an album as well-rounded as Ecleftic . Unfortunately , what I found was complete garbage . When the best song on an album is a poppy love ballad with a bad video , you know the album is in trouble . There are maybe 4 songs on the album that I could stand listening to , as much of it seems forced and out of place . The israeli violins at r = the end of the song `` Masquerade '' , for example , were great , but my question is , why only at the end of the song ? They should have been on the whole track , and then track would have been much better . Also , at the end of Oh What a night -LRB- a barely listenable track -RRB- , he covers John Denver , once again , a great idea , but completely the wrong spot for it . Other than Oh What a Night , Two Wrongs , Daddy , and Thug Like Me , I couldnt force myself to listen to the rest of the album . Horrible stuff from such a great artist , it really makes me wonder how an artist of Wyclef 's caliber could make such bad music .
 i love most motor albums but this one and snake bite love and are not great albums in my book not even close to most of there other albums.but that is just my opinion .
 Well after all this time I guess Motorhead have earned the right to release a bad album ... WHOA is this bad . Every single Motorhead album preceding it is better . When you buy a MOTORHEAD album , you expect A -RRB- Power and B -RRB- Speed , neither of which you get on HAMMERED . `` Brave New World '' and `` Red Raw '' are the only tracks even close to their prior standards ; the other tracks are slow and lifeless . Have fun with it , but you 'd be better off buying any other Motorhead album .
 Not really sure what happened here . Billed as a reunion with esteemed past members of the Horace Silver Quintet -LRB- especially the Brecker Brothers -RRB- , this CD disappoints . The batch of tunes Horace assembled is quite undistinguished , mostly simple blues forms with some hesitant soloing by the leader . Each tune seems like a pastiche of a real Silver song.Obviously , he was told there would be no vocalizing this time out , even though he had written a complete batch of lyrics . Was Horace disappointed ? Resentful ? I also think that symptoms of his later affliction may have begun to appear .
 ... but I do n't think Diana Krall can hold a candle to many of the other jazz vocalists of yesterday and today . Her voice is great and her stylings are all right , but the song arrangements are mediocre at best and despite the ability of the other musicians on her cd 's , her own playing is little more than chords with an occasional 8 bar left hand riff . A jazz pianist she is not . If you want new female vocal jazz , you 're better off with Stacy Kent or Weslia Whitfield .
 Before I begin , I must say in preface that I know my opinion is in the extreme minority . my feelings about Diana Krall are not coming from somebody who does n't know anything about Jazz . With all of that said , I will say that Ms. Krall as a pianist is top rate , showcasing much with a style that is all her own but also harkens back to the wonderful years gone by , especially Nat King Cole . As a vocalist , however , I find her extremely unappealing , uninspired , and unfealing . Her style comes across to me as very forced and exaggerated . And believe me , after reading the rest of these comments , I listened to the album again just to try to find what everyone else is talking about . I ca n't hear it . When I think of great Jazz vocalists , I just ca n't put Diana 's CD on the same shelf as Ella , Sarah , Anita -LRB- O'Day -RRB- , Nina , or of course , Billie , it just does n't belong . Although Diana Krall 's piano skills are exceptional , I offer that if you would like to hear a female jazz pianist/vocalist , then go back to some of Nina Simone 's recordings , or check out Carmen MacRae , or Shirley Horn . As far as modern jazz tributes go , have a listen to Cassandra Wilson 's tribute to Miles Davis , Travelin ` Miles . It is my opinion that we are forgetting the traits that have been always present in the women that we call legendary Jazz vocalists . While her efforts are commendable , I feel that vocally , Diana Krall will not withstand the test of time . I know I sound rather harsh in this review , but go put on some classic Ella or Billie or Sarah and you 'll realize the type of ruler that I measure greatness by . I just ca n't accept less .
 I did enjoy this . . however , I could n't play it again . It 's not original -LRB- or not enough -RRB- ... so to me , it does n't make it back into the ol' cd player . Lets face it , we all have talent , but , it 's that extra special twist , jive or groove you put into that talent that make runners constantly return to the starting tape . She just does n't seem to have that -LRB- yet -RRB- . Course , it does n't hurt to be beautiful . . = -RRB-
 In her earlier tribute to Nat King Cole , Diana Krall seemed focused on the music-that is , great jazz tunes made greater by Mr. Cole . Instead of trying to reinvent the wheel she simply sang each melody with wonderful timing , a luscious voice , and topped each off with uncomplicated but amazingly interesting piano.With this CD I was immediately struck by the fact that this recording was not about the music at all , but instead was all about Diana Krall . She seemed to be hamming it instead of singing . What happened to the melodies ? Where was the piano ? Where is the respect for the songwriter?Boozy drawling is OK , but Diana Krall can do much , much better than this .
 I bought this CD because I loved Diana Krall 's ` The Look of Love ' . But ` Love Scenes ' is nothing like it - there is only one song I like and that is `` I Miss You So '' . I also bought ` When I Look in Your Eyes ' and was n't impressed by that CD either . Granted , these two were earlier works . Later , ` The Look of Love ' was a huge success for Diana -LRB- and I can see why -RRB- - but maybe that 'll be as good as she gets -LRB- ? -RRB-
 This album marks the transformation of a promising young artist into the more marketable `` sex kitten of jazz '' . Any spontaneity is drained , and the discomfort shows in the self-conscious phrasing and musical posing . Sad .
 Sounds like this Saloon singer had a little too much.Over use of the breathy sound is not very good vocal technique and to me is not sexy . The breathy sound should be used sparingly otherwise it sounds lazy and boozy .
 I ordered this disc based on the title put out by Amazon that says `` DVD-Audio '' . The disc is in fact a DTS-CD . Since I purchased from an Amazon Marketplace seller and the UPC code matches , I can not ask the seller for return/refund .
 I am not a frequent listener of Jazz and am unfamiliar with many of the contemporary names in the genre , however , the name of Diana Krall came to my attention when I purchased an excellent Jazz ballad cd by a saxaphonist . I read the reviews concerning the Love Scenes collection and all seemed favorable for a purchase . I thought I would take a chance on this cd.Unfortunately , Love Scenes has proved to be a major disappointment . I was eager to hear a Jazz vocalist explore the subject of love , however , the entire cd is completely lacking in depth lyrically . It is , at best , transparent.I also feel that Krall 's delivery is vastly too unemotional and detached for the theme of love . There is no `` soul '' in her voice and she seems at times to even be uninterested in the music she is singing . The most convincing vocalists are able to feel the emotions they sing . Krall fails at this juncture.Krall 's singing is unappealing to me as well . Surely a good vocalist could resonate a note just a bit . This surely might have aided her delivery on such songs as I Miss You So where the word `` so '' lies on a prolonged note . Unfortunately , she sings it blandly . Many other such examples could be cited.Lastly , the vast majority of the songs in the collection are simply unappealing . Despite her shortcomings , I did enjoy I Miss You So ; They Ca n't Take That Away From Me ; and I Do n't Stand a Ghost of a Chance With You . The remaining tracks I thought were horrendous - particularly Peel Me a Grape and My Love Is . Love Scene 's greatest fault , however , lies in its lack of depth with regards to the subject of love.I consider Love Scenes to be among the worst cd 's I have ever purchased . I do not recommend it .
 OK , I 'll admit that I 'm not an expert on jazz , nor have I ever jammed with a member of Billie Holliday 's old backup band . Still , just from the point of view of a person who enjoys a wide range of music in all its forms , I must say that this is the worst record I 've heard in years.Yes , Diana Krall can play the piano adequately . Patricia Barber is better . Krall 's vocals , however , leave much to be desired . It 's like she 's trying to be a female Sinatra but lacks the skill to pull off the act . If I seem harsh in my assessment , it is not for lack of fairness . I listened to this album several times in the hope that it might grow on me . After all , how could so many professional critics be mistaken ? I can only conclude that their ears are picking up something I 've clearly missed , or that there is a suspiciously powerful publicity machine working overtime on Krall 's behalf.Her phrasing on `` All or Nothing at All '' is a good example of how she is straining to accent certain syllables and words in lyrics that came across as entirely natural in Sinatra 's performance of the same tune . And Krall 's cover of the classic `` They Ca n't Take That Away From Me '' is a pale and shallow imitation of the song Julia Migenes sang so effortlessly and gloriously on her now sadly out-of-print LP of Gershwin standards . Meanwhile , `` You 're Getting To Be A Habit With Me '' sounds not just joyless , but positively entombed under the weight of its heavy and ponderous attempt to catch any kind of genuine spirit , romantic or otherwise . And , speaking of Patricia Barber , she puts Krall to shame as a popular chanteuse . Where Barber shades every line of a verse with subtle nuances that convey a comfortable , easy grace with the material she is singing , Krall is forcing it and projecting phony feelings that ring false with every note . `` Love Scenes '' does showcase an impressive and obviously talented group of musicians in the background . The arrangements are nicely composed , and the instrumental work is excellent . The whole thing also appears to have been mixed with a sure hand at the control board . This is a lavish production designed to make the most out of Krall 's mediocre voice and tepid delivery . Unfortunately , no amount of orchestration can hide the absence of any real emotion or style in her presentation.She does have some potential . Perhaps Krall will mature and learn how not to be so affected in her future projects , but for now , this is one overhyped diva you would be well advised to avoid . Check her out if you can not resist the avalanche of glowing reviews , but beware , the schmaltz factor is high here . Buy this at your own risk .
 I LOVE JAZZ AND HAVE ABOUT 150 JAZZ CDS ... THIS ONE WILL NOT BE ANYWHERE NEAR THE OTHERS . MUSICALLY , IT 'S VERY GOOD , HOWEVER SHE 'S FEATURED AS A VOCALIST AND THAT 'S WHERE IT ENDS . FORCED AND BORING ... THAT 'S NOT WHAT JAZZ IS ABOUT . POOR !
 I found this cd to be horribl
 Why waste words ? `` Emotionless '' says it all .
 From the samples , i gather that Ian Hobson has an ugly , wobbly voice , with no sense of line . Avoid this one !
 The soundtrack to this movie was ecclectic and truly great . The movie mixed Gavin Friday rockers with Van Morrison 's Madam George with The Buffalo Springfield 's For What It 's Worth and added several really great songs by virtual unknowns . Unfortunately , whoever selected the songs for this CD thought commonplace marginal songs like Patti Page 's How much is that doggie in the window or Bobby Goldsboro 's Honey was the key to capturing the essense of this movie . It boggles the mind . There are a few good songs on the CD like Sugar Baby Love , Children of the Revlolution and a Gavin Friday or two song but It 's unfortunate that you ca n't get all of the really good songs from this movie and have to settle for watching the movie so that you can hear snippits of the best songs in the movie ... but I 'd rather do that than listen to dribble like Morris Alberts Wedding fare , Feelings . Save Your Money !
 I saw the movie and enjoyed it . One of the reasons I stemmed from the good music played throughout . Turns out some of the songs I had more interest in were not on the soundtrack .
 i was very disappointed with this cd as it skipped on the songs-it seems as if it had been damaged and resold
 I love OLP , and I have for years . That 's part of the reason why I wo n't listen to this album . I gave it 2 stars simply because this band ca n't produce anything that completely sucks . The ` pro ' who reviewed this album for amazon.com must not have listened to any of OLP 's other albums , because it 's a crime to say they are n't ` inventive ' . Listen to Clumsy , to Naveed , and especially to Happiness ... , but leave this record for the radio . I understand there 's a point in any musicians life where you just want to make a buck , but when OLP moved in this new direction , they lost a lot of what makes thier fans love them . I 'll always support OLP , but I ca n't listen to this album without wondering is they 've left their fans behind .
 I am a huge fan of Our Lady Peace . I became a fan about 4 years ago with `` Happiness is not a fish you can catch , '' and my love for them skyrocketed with `` Clumsy , '' and `` Spiritual Machines , '' so when I found out `` Gravity '' was coming out , I took the first chance I got to pre-order it . And what did I think when I heard it ? `` Is this the same band ? '' They lost almost all of their individuality with this album . Gone are the soulful lyrics of their previous 3 albums . They went from amazing to cookie-cutter in 1 album .
 I 've been an OLP fan for many years and this album is n't quite worth the acclaim the others have been noted for . It was a breakthrough album helping the band regain a large portion of recognition in the states because of one large radio hit . `` Somewhere Out There '' is a good song , but they somewhat crossed over into the radio-friendly world of pop and left their breathtaking creativity behind with Mike Turner in the dust somewhere . Notable tracks `` All For You '' and the Leppard-esque `` Not Enough '' give this album a rating of 2 .
 ... This is n't Our Lady Peace . Plain and simple . I loved `` Naveed , '' I loved `` Clumsy '' even more , and I thought `` Spiritual Machines '' was OK . `` Happiness ... '' scared me with the radio-friendly style of it , with not a single song to remind people of why they liked the band in the first place . `` Spiritual Machines '' revived a bit harder of a sound , not much , but at least reminded people that they could still sound like themselves with the track `` Middle of Yesterday . `` When `` Gravity '' was announced , I had high hopes . I had seen them in concert maybe five months before they started recording the album , and the song `` Whatever , '' used by the WWE , made me believe that they were going to use the old , harder sound . Wrong . If `` Somewhere Out There '' did n't turn me off , then `` Innocent '' certaintly did . This was not OLP ... This album was the breaking point for me . I had been a fan since `` Naveed , '' and OLP was my favorite band for a long time . I stayed with them when their original fanbase left after `` Happiness ... '' and three years later , I 'm leaving too ... I still listen to Clumsy at least once every three days ...
 `` Gravity '' , the latest album from Our Lady Peace hasreached the top tens on Billboards ' and its first single `` Somewhere Out There '' has been all over MTV . However , it is also known as OLP 's sellout album . With the popmarketing recipe of having 2 singles `` Somewhere Out There `` and `` Innocent '' while saturating the remaining disc space withfiller garbage , the band has obviously abandoned all of its musical integrity in order to make more profit . While past albumsseem to have atleast created some sort of thought-provokinglyrics and interesting insights , OLP 's new cd is filled withabsolute meaningless drivel and vacant sappy love tunes.Reine and company have persued the easy commercialdirection of success , just emphasizing on how much musicis used as a product nowadays rather than expression andartistic value . Although OLP has gained the well deservedattention from previous releases such as Clumsy and SpiritualMachines , they have done so in an extremely cheap approach.By venturing commercial status , Our Lady Peace , once anoriginal talented band has lost perhaps their most hardcoreand loyal fans whom stuck with them ever since their firstrelease of `` Naveed '' .
 If you 've listened to past OLP albums and love the haunting , ethereal voice of Raine Maida , or the unique , crunching guitar hooks of Mike Turner , you will hate this album . Mike Turner , the long-time lead guitarist and co-founder of OLP , is gone , and his replacement , Steve Mazur , is a corporate clown . This is cookie-cutter , paint-by-numbers commercial rock . You are not going to hear anything that even closely resembles what you would come to expect Our Lady Peace to sound like . It seems like the new producer on the album has banned Maida from even using his trademark falsetto singing voice . Everything here is over-produced , made-for-radio , flavor of the week garbage . This is Our Lady Peace 's worst album , with absolutely no memorable songs and a complete obliteration of the sound that they spent four albums fleshing out and perfecting . I thought Spiritual Machines was the best album they had ever put out and was eagerly awaiting Gravity ; I could not have been more disappointed . Unfortunately , this seems to be the end of OLP as fans have known it . Healthy in Paranoid times is slightly better than this , but it still retains the flavor of the week sound of Gravity while trying to inject it with some ridiculous social/religious stylings that are a pathetic imitation of U2 . I have n't even been able to bring myself to listen to Burn Burn because of the disaster that was Gravity .
 There 's not a whole lot that can be added to what real fans of OLP have already said . Compared to most of what you hear on the mainstream radio today , this album will stand out a bit . However , compared to all of OLP 's previous 4 albums , this one is crap . The vocals are boring and repetitive , the songs are boring and repetitive , the lyrics are boring and repetitive ... basically , `` boring and repetitive '' describes this cd . What kind of a name is Bob Rock , anyway ?? If you are even friends with someone with a name like `` Bob Rock '' , it should be a clue to you that youre a tool , and everyone is probably standing around making fun of you . The only people who will buy this album and love it are 9 yr olds and tranvestite strippers , or both . If you plan on buying this album , take the $ 18.99 , buy a good kitchen knife , and castrate yourself so your future retarded children wont be around to promote crappy sell-out music .
 Not nearly as good as previous releases -LRB- Clumsy being my favorite -RRB- . This is formula rock , and I suppose if this is what you want then go for it , I would just prefer to listen to some of the other albums . I 'm just glad I got it for -LSB- less -RSB- .
 This is Raine Maida 's Our Lady Peace . I dont like to say bands sell out , but they really did here . There is nothing unique about this record except that there is a few decent songs . Without longtime gutair played Mike Turner and Saul on the cover , there just another EMO band thrown into the mainstreem . `` All For You '' , `` Not Enough '' and `` Bring Back The Sun '' are very good different songs but the rest of the cd is poppy . Happiness -LRB- thier 3rd cd -RRB- was hard with a pop tinge and had alot of different sounds that made it unique but this cd is pop with out the crazyiness of `` Clumsy '' and the pefect of thier best cd `` Naveed '' . This dosent destroy OLP 's career but certainly wont help . So anyone bring back the SAUL ...
 I was sucked into buying this CD after reading some decent reviews and hearing the new single `` somewhere out there '' , and actually enjoying it . Our Lady Peace has a great fanbase and they used to be able to seperate themselves from the other rock bands with creative riffs and good lyrics . but this cd is terrible . From the minute i popped it in , i kept thinking corny radio-friendly music played at top 40 radio , like linkin park , puddle of mudd , and nickelback . i know they are better than this , but this CD shows no talent or creativity onesohever and i am very disappointed . they have gone to their last resort to find success in the US -- > selling out to top 40 radio .
 NAVEED
 While Our Lady Peace has been a Canadian favorite since they began in the early 90 's , they 've never really enjoyed the same success in the United States . Their first album `` Naveed '' caught the eyes of music journalists with its post-grunge alternative rock sound . They went on to create `` Clumsy , '' `` Happiness ... Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch , '' and `` Spirtual Machines , '' each exploring deeper aspects of their musical abilities.That being said , `` Gravity '' does n't quite live up to its creators ' talent . While some songs -LRB- including the first track `` All For You '' -RRB- show glimpses of a hard-rocking band , most of the album falls back on the tried-and-true pop-rock style that has become increasingly popular in the last few years with the emergence of such bands as Creed and Nickelback . While the music certainly has more integrity than the latest Britney Spears ' album , `` Gravity '' lacks the passion and thrust of the raw-edged and emotionally provocative `` Naveed '' or the thought inducing notions found in `` Spirtual Machines . `` While `` Gravity '' is a nice , easily listenable-to piece of work , it does not paint a clear picture of the talent of the band members . Those interested in deeper , more meaningful work are better off checking used CD bins for a cheap copy of `` Naveed '' or `` Clumsy . ''
 When I got this cd I was so excited because I had been waiting for a month for it to finally come out , but when I joyfully popped it into my cd player I was surprisingly let down . The first song was n't like Our Lady Peace 's original kick butt stuff , it was more like the stuff that I constantly hear on the radio to remind me that corporate rock always wins . In this case it has again . The record companies oppressing great bands and turning music into noise that makes money . They finally got to the band that I did n't think they would ever get to . Guitar solos vanished and the guitar itself has become complete background noise . If you did n't hear Raine Maida 's unusual voice you might think that Our Lady Peace was another largely scaled down Nickleback band . You can also tell that this cd was meant to appeal to mainstream lovers because Raine 's voice was also scaled down . There were n't any of his impressive high vocals that always made me wish that I had that kind of talent . Our Lady Peace has gone through two majors changes in this cd though , that 's why I gave it two stars instead of one . Mike Turner , the guitarist , quit and also new producer Bob Rock stepped in . Throughout Our Lady Peace 's reign producer Arnold Lanni was over the band , in fact he 's even listed in the credits as helping to write some of the music . With Lanni out of the picture and a new guitarist -LRB- not even half as original or talented as Mike Turner -RRB- you could only expect a new sound . However , Bob Rock produces other band 's music as well . Bands such as Bon Jovi . Bon Jovi is obviously no Our Lady Peace and mostly appeals to mainstream . My assumption is the first thing that Bob Rock did when he took over was change the way the guitar was portrayed in the band . It became background noise . I do n't think Mike Turner was very happy about the change and so he quit . I do n't blame him at all . Our Lady Peace is one of the most talented bands that I 've ever heard and I can understand that they have to do what it takes to get a record deal but I was very disappointed in the cd altogether . I 'll admit that in some parts of Gravity I was reminded of past albums but there is no originality or enjoyment into this album . I really hope that this is n't the future for this band . So many bands before them have been wastes of good talent due to record companies or dreams of stepping into the mainstream spotlight .
 I am a big fan of OLP . I own all five of their CDs , know pretty much all the lyics . They 've been one of my favourite bands for a long time . This album just disappointed me , though.Whenever you hear a song on the radio that 's by OLP and on one of the first 4 CDs , you can say `` hey , that 's OLP . '' That 's because they had such a destinctive sound that you could recognize even if you were n't really a fan at all . That sound that was OLP was what defined them as OLP.Gravity ruined that sound . This sounds so droning , so depressing . Jeremy 's drumming has turned into a slow and repetitive rumble . Raine 's voice is so different and hard to listen to . I do n't know if it was Bob Rock who is responsible , but I was disappointed with this album.Hopefully this album was just a phase , and as OLP writes their next album they 'll look back at Gravity and reflect upon just what happened to make it so different.But as OLP fans we must support the band , after all , we are all they have . Even though this was a mediocre CD , I 'm still just as hardcore a fan of OLP as I ever was.Personally , my favourites are Innocent , Sell My Soul , All for You , and Bring Back the Sun . And I do n't mean that they 're GREAT songs , they 're just my favourite off the CD .
 It 's been nearly a year since this album came out and I 'm a U.K. fan as well as a long time fan . The truth is I can listen to this album and think its good ... its okay ... but that 's all . Hate to sound like everyone else but while I like it as an album I hate it as an OLP album . All for progression and moving on hell I even liked adore ... but this is a devolution designed to grab the nu-pop generation . Nothing against there new guitarist he 's good and all but Mike if your out there i 'm with you it was time to leave . The sound is , well you 've heard it before its creedish very typical and radio rock . The albums sound lacks the depth of all previous releases . Its almost laughable to think that if you sat around a table with these guys they 'd try to convice you that this was there finest hour ... I 'd love to hear there arguements , i really would it would be comical .
 if this album had arrived after naveed or clumsy , i would have received it better . but after watching the band grow better and better with each album , reaching their peak with spiritual machines , gravity was quite a disappointment . bands who experiment should keep experimenting , not produce a way-too-made-for-radio product . newer fans may enjoy this album , but for we longtime fans , it 's rather a letdown , especially after such an eager wait.it 's nowhere near as soulful , or strong lyrically . many of the lyrics play heavily with repetition , which is good for a few songs , but song after song of repetitive lyrics is a bit grating.for a cd , i admit it 's okay . but for our lady peace -- not good enough .
 It seems I was in error on a bit of text during my review of Gravity , and I am writing to clear one thing up . During my section which mentions the aim of producer Bob Rock to make Our Lady Peace `` the next big Canadian group '' to break out in America , I mistakingly identified him as having produced Nickelback 's Silver Side Up , which I later found to be inaccurate . These two albums do share the same mixing engineer , Randy Staub , which likely led to this incorrect correlation , so I guess I was only half right ! Still , with that said , I feel the aim of this production team here was to throw OLP onto the Nickelback bandwagon by homogenizing the quirkiness that gives OLP such an engaging quality , and shaping them towards something more commercial , thus breaking them out by riding on Nickelback 's coattails . Given the sudden hipness of mainstream Canadian bands in America , I 'm fairly sure this was exactly their intention .
 Just a little backround here
 This guy is a pop music clown who ruins careers . OLP have no business working with him and the result shows . OLP is way out of Ballards league and I have no idea why they would limit themselves to his naive view of pop music . Perhaps OLP wanted to have a sell-out sound , otherwise this disc is a disaster . Somewhere out there is pure disposable pop . None of this material would be on `` Happiness '' or `` Spiritual Machines '' How can you go from a concept album from a Ray Kurzveil book to a horrible Glen Ballard . over produced , pop record ?
 I have listened to Our Lady Peace since I first saw the Clumsy video on MTV , and since then they have been producing great albums . I even went to Canada just to see them live because I knew they would never come her eto the Dominican Republic . But then this one comes along and have me start to doubt OLP . No , have an open mind.I do n't think this is a sell-out record as some are claiming , although I can see how Bob Rock 's producing can make people think that . Rock seems to want to clean up OLP 's recordings that can be best be seen by comparing `` Annie '' from `` Happines ... '' and any track off this album.True , the songs on `` Gravity '' are very moving such as `` Somewhere Out There , '' but then the album seems to just drift off into dullsville . However there is some light in this mostly grey effort -LRB- ;-RRB- to those who get it -RRB- . Raine 's voice is very good and very emotional and looks only to improve on future releases.This album is just different and I accept that OLP is trying new things . I relistened to the album with an open mind but it just does n't give me the same feeling that i had listening to `` Happiness ... '' and `` Spiritual Machines '' . But still , good luck to OLP and I hope to catch them live again .
 In a rock world full of phonies -LRB- Linkin Park -RRB- , morons -LRB- Limp Bizkit -RRB- and bands with less talent than a one legged runner , Our Lady Peace stood out . With Raine 's interesting and unique vocals , excellent drum work and great guitar rifts the band was a cut above the rest of the sell outs . Until they too , sold out . Now , I 'm not one to accuse a band of selling out just because they changed their style , in fact I love it when a band changes their style for the right reasons . But this change was for all the wrong reasons . Our Lady Peace changed for money , TRL , and new poppy fans . Just listen to `` Somewhere out there '' , dear god , what has happened?This album is horrible to put it quite simply , it lacks motivation , and it almost seems as if the band is begging to be accepted to by Carson Daly . I was lucky enough not to waste my money on this and hear it at a friends first.The band has claimed they brought it back to the basics , that they 're aiming for a much more down to earth approach . If by down to earth they mean destroying all their credibilty , and letting Bob Rock become their new master , then yes I suppose the and has become very down to earth.I 'm too disgusted to keep going on , but I can say that Our Lady Peace has lost a fan . I know I 'm not alone on this , fans that have been with the band for quite some time have voiced their opinions and the result is the same . Goodbye credbile , innovative and extremely talented Our Lady Peace . Hello brand spankin ' new sellout money motivated junk fest Our Lady Peace .
 I feel that , when judging this album , it is important to consider OLP 's last effort , `` Spiritual Machines . '' Now that was a great record . Sure , it had a radio hit , `` Life , '' that pandered to down-and-dreary modern rock radio , but songs like `` Mafia , '' `` In Repair , '' `` Are You Sad ? , '' and `` Believe '' more than made up for it . Unfortunately for OLP -LRB- and for us fans -RRB- , `` Spiritual Machines '' did n't generate big sales in the U.S. , so the band made the fateful decision to hire Bob Rock as producer for `` Gravity , '' thus losing the services of their guitarist . Many of the reviewers on this site are comparing OLP 's new album to other `` new rock '' fare , and thus rating it highly . Do not be deceived . This album is chock-full of faceless corporate rock , nothing more . This time around , the entire album panders to `` new rock '' radio . That 's right . If you are a fan of Puddle of Mudd , Staind , Nickelback , P.O.D. , Tantric , or any of these decidedly awful , unartistic bands , you probably like this record . Our Lady Peace once eschewed this kind of music , but record sales are important , and a great act has fallen victim musically . This record sold , though , so I guess OLP made out fine .
 I 'm going to qualify each of the two stars I 'm giving this record , and it 's going to take me a few paragraphs . Those who 'd like to rate this review `` unhelpful '' simply because they disagree with it are advised to read the below , or at least pretend to read to it -LRB- most will do neither -RRB- . I am an Our Lady Peace fan . I 've been so for years , and there is n't much I do n't know about the band . From the 1992 's independant video `` Out of Here '' featuring the long-departed drummer Jim Newell , to lost songs `` Home '' and `` Sleeping In , '' to the source material for the band 's disjointed concept record Spiritual Machines , I 've done my homework.OLP has taken on many guises in the last decade , and I 've welcomed each . They 've evolved from a gritty grunge band to an alternative sensation , with the records Naveed and Clumsy , and then redefined themselves completely with the brilliantly challenging Happiness ... Is Not A Fish That You Can Catch.I consider those records a trilogy . There are somewhat trivial reasons ... each has Sol Fox on the cover , the first single and lead-off track has the word `` man '' in the title -- but they also map a clear creative trajectory . You can see , or rather hear , the band striving to become itself . And with Happiness , they did
 My feelings about this album ... well it is poor because Our Lady Peace always had a unique sound and now quite frankly now they sound like everyone else out there . I 'm going to agree with the others who have reviewed this album that Bob Rock is no Arnold Lanni this is a luke warm album . They produced the whole thing in ten weeks and believe me you can tell the whole thing feels rushed , I mean even the cover look at it , grey yeah it is quite fitting . Some think this is a return to OLP 's roots I disagree I 've been a fan of there 's eight years If there going to make more albums like this they should change there name I do n't want the words Our Lady Peace on this material . Thank you Mr Bob Rock .
 Well , its been said numerous times in the previous reviews and by now , I 'm sure no one is even reading these but I wanted to write this anyway . I love Our Lady Peace and although it is tempting to use love in the past tense I wo n't yet . I still hold out hope for the future . Naveed is a great album that managed to stand out in the grunge era when everything was starting to sound the same . Clumsy was the crossover into more commercial territory in that in included some songs ready for rock radio but at the same time the album was not selling out at all with all of its non-mainstream experimental flourishes . Happiness ... is their finest album to date , with Raine coming into his own as one of the best lyricists aand songwriters around . The songs were marvels of soundscape and melody . Raine toned down his nasal voice from Clumsy to a perfect balance . Spiritual Machines is a very worthy follow-up , coming close to its predecessor but honestly , it did not have to be a concept album . Still , it has some of their best work to date.Then comes Gravity . I am too big of a fan to write off this album completely . I am not forgiving them for how they changed but I am an open-minded enough listener to give them credit where it is due . Unlike some posters , I do n't believe there is anything inherently wrong with them wanting to be more MTV/Top 40 Radio mainstream . But I just wish they did n't have to become so GENERIC.Gravity has a few Classic Our Lady Peace moments . It even has some good parts that do n't sound like them but are good anyway . Bring Back The Sun is an amazing song that could have been on Happiness ... or Spiritual Machines and fit in perfectly . I 'm sure the fact that Mike Turner -LRB- their former guitarist -RRB- is credited as a songwriter is no coincidence . Sorry and Story About A Girl are packed full of hooks . They demonstrate Raine 's pop songwriting sensibilities very well . In fact , Sorry holds a special place for me as it is the only song besides the aforementioned Bring Back The Sun where we get to hear Raine 's unique falsetto . However , the lyrics for both are ridiculously dumb and shallow . Not Enough has a powerful breakdown part too.The rest of the album is awful , musically and lyrically . It is generic rock at its worst . It feels like Raine bought a book about song structure and lyrics for modern rock radio and followed it to a tee . The dynamic in the songs is almost always the same . The solos are uninspired and lame . The production is soooo polished it makes me sick . These songs are n't just bad for OLP , they are bad for Linkin Park . Sell My Soul is unmemorable in every way with one of the worst choruses I have ever heard . Somewhere Out There is Raine 's worst vocal performance ever . Made Of Steel sounds like a Matchbox 20 B side , or scratch that , a song Rob Thomas would have thrown away . How dare they even name a track that after their fantastic Superman 's Dead . Innocent may be a little catchy but it is a carbon copy of Life from Spiritual Machines only with stupid rhyming dictionary lyrics.Maybe their next album will return to form but I doubt it . There may be a decent track or two but I sense the OLP I knew and loved is gone . And now Raine is writing for Avril Lavigne . Whatever .
 I have been a HUGE fan of Our Lady Peace since their breakout track , Superman 's Dead was released in Canada . I , of course bought all the other the albums as soon as they came out . Clumsy was amazing , as was Happiness and Naveed , but the most amazing album I have heard is Spiritual Machines . After its release , I couldnt wait until the next album , hoping it would live up to Spiritual Machines . I bought this the day it came out , and listened to it right away-and was shocked at what I heard.To sum it up , it -LSB- stinks -RSB- . Everything about it is horrible . The opening track , All For You is one of the worst songs ever written , by any band . One of the albums only good songs is the second track , entitled Do You Like It-this is the closest song to any previously released by Our Lady Peace , and it is awesome . The CD 's first single , Somewhere Out There is more annoying each time I listen to it or hear it on the radio-enough said . The albums other good track , Innocent follows-its an awesome song , but why the heck did they put that choir in the back ?? Basically all the following songs are horrible , with no point to them what-so-ever . The first time I listened to it , I had to stop it after the 5th or 6th song-my ears could n't take the dreck anymore . I have since attempted to listen to it again , as it is Our Lady Peace , so I wanted to give them another chance-same thing , I could n't listen anymore . When I compare it to Spiritual Machines or any other of their albums , I ca n't believe it is the same band.As for the new guitarist , lets just say the band would sound better without one now-this guy is just a punk with lots of distortion , to get some mainstream radio-play . All the songs feature the same structure-quiet verse , with the distortion cranked up for the choruses-talk about a copy from the equally Nickelback.I would rather not have had the band release this album if it would mean we could have an album equal to Spiritual Machines in a year or 2 . The only reason to buy this album is if you have the Our Lady Peace collection , and want them all , no matter how horrible they are.Its a shame to see such talent transform themselves into this-a band just like everybody elese.Thanks for reading , I just had to write something about this .
 instead of buying the album , i took the cheap way out and burned it . . luckily i did . . although a decent album , i would be upset to pay 15 dollars of so for a pseudo peace album . id willingly payfor any of the others . . Ill admit OLP is prob my favorite band , next to tom petty , but this album almost makes me embarrased to like them . Bob Rock successfully turned a band with a distinctsound to a cookie cutter radio band along the likes of creed , the calling . . etc. . up until receiving this album , i was completely obsessed with this band , particulary the happiness album . I couldlisten to this album , as well as the others , over and over ... -LRB- except for `` life '' and `` are you sad '' -RRB- . . idont see this happening with gravity . . when i first heard `` somewhere out there '' on the radio i thought to myself , `` man , this band is tryin to sound like peace '' ... within a week i saw the video and was upset to find out that it was acutally peace . . then i was like , `` who the hell is playing guitar ? '' ... yet another dissappointment.the songs are simple , lyrics not nearly as cool as previous albums -LRB- my favorite line ever `` talkingis just masturbating without the mess '' -RRB- , and the sound is waaaaay to mainstream . . also , what happened to Raine 's voice modulation ... i love that . . you only hear it in like two songs ongravity ... he sounds more like he did on naveed when they were still finding themselves -LRB- although naveed is still a better album -RRB- . . note to peace ... no more bob rock ... get back mike turner ... and modulate your damn voice raine ... if i want mainstream ill turn on the radio ... if i want olp ill turn to happiness , clumsy , spiritualmachines , or naveed ... . if i want mainstream peace -LRB- although why would i -RRB- ill turn to gravity . .
 This cd is bad , plain and simple ... And i dont mean its bad by the standards of todays `` alternative '' music . Its just that its bad by OLP standards . I think the main problem with this album is producer Bob Rock . He took away the creative spark that made OLP the band they were . The band that plays on this album bear little resemblance to the incredble OLP that made Happiness ... which was easily their best cd to date . This has been said over and over again but Raines voice is different . He know longer does the quirky falsetto thing that made them such a great band in the first place . Also Jeremy taggarts unique jazz drumming has been dumbed down into a standard radio rock format of drumming . There are very few creative guitar riffs on the entire album and much of it is just simple power chords . Another thing sorely missing from this album are Raine 's incredible lyrics . While all their previous albums were full of lyrics that analyzed death -LRB- nearly every song on happiness ... -RRB- , and spirituality -LRB- most of spiritual machines -RRB- and things like astral projection -LRB- starseed and other songs on naveed -RRB- this cd 's lyrics tend to focus on relationships and things of that nature.But enough of what 's bad about Gravity , now let me explain why i gave it 2 stars instead of none ... the reason is ... Its an Our Lady Peace album ... that is all ... I can only hope this is just a phase and they return to producer Arnold Lanni next time ... and get rid of Steve Mazur , fast ... i think Mike Turner did the right thing by leaving the band
 I was expecting a lot more from this . I have been into OLP since Clumsy , and I have seen them live three times.I think , that the Bob Rock production is good , but the songs just do n't have that classic OLP feel to them.Hopefully next album they will get it back .
 this album is the most trite inane pile of crap possible . it is not only a bad our lady peace album , it 's just a bad album . other reviewers have mentioned words like radio friendly ... synonyms for can turn a quick buck , OLP is n't mainstream and that was one of their charms , they were comfortable being different . i have been an OLP fan since the day Naveed came out , and have followed them on the bizarre and ever expanding musical journey they went on . after losing jamie and more importantly mike before the release of this album though , it is obvious mikehe was the driving creative force in the band and inspired everyone else . do not waste your money on this awful disc , buy any of the previous four albums and you 'll have an amazing record to add to your collection ... buy this one and you 'll have a terrific coaster .
 I have been an Our Lady Peace fan for some time now . I bought Spiritual Machines and it was great . Bought Happiness ... one of the best albums I own or even heard . Ended up buying Clumsy too and it did not disappoint . Gravity on the other hand did disappoint . I heard Somewhere Out There on the radio and I was less then impressed . But it sounded like radio type music , popular stuff , so I figured Id check out some other songs . That was a waste of my time . I didnt really think about its Creedness until I read a different review , and Id have to agree . Not worth the time or the money , especially for a college student like myself .
 OKFirst off , I have been an Our Lady Peace fan ever since I heard Starseed on the radio , WAY back ... . I 've seen OLP in concert 5 times and I have all their CDs so believe me , I know what they can do.I thought their first CD , Naveed , was a great CD . It was fresh , something to take away from the new `` grung-rock '' style that hit when they started . Naveed produced great hits like Starseed , Naveed , Hope , Julia and The Birdman.Their follow up , Clumsy , was awesome , topping the Canadian charts and getting a tiny bit of air play here in the states . I really think that Clumsy was their `` break-out '' album here . When you ask people if they know Our Lady Peace , usually they have no idea who they are , so when you start naming some of their songs , I think Clumsy is the most noticed . It has been one of their or possibly their biggest . Superman 's Dead and Carnival were also great hits from this CD.Happiness ... Is Not A Fish That You Can Catch was also excellent , I was amazed they could write 3 CDs without regurgitating the same things over and over . Raine Maida is an amazing lyricist , probably the best I have ever heard . I do n't think it got AS much radio play as Clumsy did though . With the line up OLP had , they were absolutely AMAZING . Songs like Annie , Thief , Blister and Happiness and the Fish were the kind songs that made you think.When Spritual Machines came out , I thought it was a bit more hard rock , but I still loved it like all their other CDs . The album had an interesting concept . Well , I guess the book The Age of Spiritual Machines
 Our Lady Peace has done what very few bands have done -- switched sounds and succeeded . It is the case for OLP 's fifth and latest album , Gravity . With it 's release in the United States and Canada on the same date , the first single , `` Somewhere Out There , '' has received air and video play in the most unlikeliest of stations . It 's changed sound is a pleaser to most critics , who , over the years , have grown tired of OLP 's raw sound accompanied by raspy vocals . With a guitarist and a manager change before recording Gravity , OLP then went on to make the transition from a grunge band to a rock one , purging Gravity of any grunge sound that was filled on OLP 's debut album , Naveed.Although OLP has finally gotten the publicity they have undoubtedly deserved , I believe they have done so in a cheap manner . Most of mainstream 's rock is filled with lovey-dovey lyrics , which , before the release of Gravity , OLP has stayed far from with their cutting edge , depressed , coming-of-age lyrics . OLP then went on to add more spice with Raine Maida 's raspy , unique and impure vocals , which made me love the band after hearing their first offer , Navved.This unique sound ran through OLP 's next album and most of their third one , Happiness ... Perhaps with OLP 's fast and somewhat failing offering of Spiritual Machines and the continued display of critic-dislike , it was appropriate to make a drastic change such as OLP has done on Gravity . While , to some , it might be a positive change for the band , to me , it is a demise to the sound that once defined OLP .
 Unfortunately , the latest OLP album seems to be a blatant attempt at becoming part of the `` TRL in-crowd '' . That 's unfortunate , because at one time I truly believed OLP were a band as important as Tool or Smashing Pumpkins . Inventive , beautifully written albums such as Clumsy and the severely underrated Happiness ... showed that rock could be emotional , powerful , well written and just plain different in a world of rap metal and generic R&B . I guess it 's apparent why Mike Turner left . . the band wanted to head in an extremely commercial direction , and he was having none of it.Is it any wonder that the three standout tracks -LRB- All For You , Bring Back The Sun , A Story About A Girl -RRB- on this were all written when Turner was still in the band -LRB- and share a co-write with him -RRB- ? I know Raine really really wants to be Scott Stapp or something at this point , but come on . . it 's time to put the music back as priority # 1 . Apart from the three previously mentioned tracks , this is dull , safe commercial candy for teenage girls .
 The single `` Somewhere out there '' on this album is NOT the version Fievel sings in An American Tail . This one is about some purple haired girl who tastes good , probably like grape .
 I am extremely disappointed with Our Lady Peace 's new CD . I am a great lover of their music , and anticipated the arrival of their new Cd with excitment . However , as soon as I listened to it I discovered that it was of lesser quality than any of their earlier music . This CD has none of the charateristic voice prominent in their earlier CDs . As much as it pains me to say this , Our Lady Peace now sounds like any generic rock band . None of these songs are up to the level of Clumsy and Superman 's Dead .
 I bought this CD a week ago and it was a bit disappointing . The music is n't hard enough . I like hard rock/pop and heavy metal , but Gravity is nothing more than just another boyband . The only song I really liked was track # 6 `` Not Enough '' , which is very moving . Tracks # 2 and 5 were O.K. but not worth listening to all the time . Our Lady Peace is a sellout . This album proves it . Buy Vertical Horizon or Linkin Park , but avoid this . The singing is cheesy and the music stinks for the most part .
 I absolutley enjoy listing to OLP 's older realeses , but this new more modren , less Meaning full lyrics , and vocals has caught me dissapointed . I cant wait to go to there Show in Calgary Alberta , on the January 27 2003 , but im not really looking forward to there new promotion to this CD.I did run out and buy the First copy and the DVD copy when they came out ... -LRB- * im sorry i love OLP to much and ever So Much -RRB- -RRB- but I find my self listing to the cd Clumsy , Neevada , ect . . way more offten then I do to this new clatter ... I LOVE OLPS MUSIC , but this time guys you hit rock bottom : -LRB-
 As much as I love OLP , this just does n't sound like them . The heartwrenching , insightful lyrics and experimental sound that set OLP apart are n't on this album . I disliked Somewhere Out There because it was so mainstream sounding . It made me feel as if OLP was dumbing down their music for Joe MusicFan , and abandoning the rabidly loyal fanbase they 've set up over the years . I used to take something away from every OLP album , and this one could have been any other run of the mill alt rock band . I hope OLP realizes their music is good the way it is , or was , and goes back to what we know and love . Gravity is a quality album just because of the caliber of the musicians that play on it , but other then that , it 's just not the band what I 've come to love.To anyone looking to buy this album , I would say , listen to Happiness ... Is a Fish You Can not Catch , Clumsy , Spiritual Machines , or Naveed if you want to hear Our Lady Peace . This album does n't do them justice .
 The band has completely given in . Either they 've lost their minds or they 've given in to make more money . They had so much potential , so much more to do , and they just threw all that away with this crappy ass album . Raine 's still got the excellent lyrics , but Jeremy 's awesome beats have turned to crap , and the tunes are basically asking you to wear dress and start prancing around like some goddamn fairy . The last four albums were completely GODLY . Now it 's morphed into some pansy ballerina stuff . If you like this kind of music , well good for you , do n't listen to me . But if you 've been an OLP fan before this turd came out , I suggest you listen to me and stick with the last 4 albums .
 Zzzzzz ... Este disco da guevaSi te gusta Backstreet Boys y los ultimos discos de Oasis y Santana , esto es para ti .
 Yes , these guys smell a whole lot like yet another creed knock off band that is trying to imitate a band that , although very succesful , is wholey remarkable themeselves . Dang , the music just gets worst every year , and the fact that these guys are from Canada , home of Default and Nickelback , certanly does NOT help there cause ! I did n't like Creed when they first came out , and I have n't liked them or any band that has tried to cop of there formula since.So thus , in short , I smell another Creed , which is why they must be stamped out AS SOON AS POSSIBLE !!!
 Yes , for YEARS I 've been a huge Our Lady Peace fan . Clumsy absolutley rocked my world , and soon afterwards I bought Naveed as well as Happiness ... and Spiritual Machines when they both came out . However , this is going to be the first one I do n't buy , and with good reason.I am never quick to jump on a band as `` selling out . '' In fact , when something happens along the lines of the Smashing Pumpkins ' Adore and people cry sellout I usually defend the artist for their risk-taking and experimentation . However , there is none of that on OLP 's Gravity . Their new direction consists of ditching longtime producer Arnold Lanni in favor of the more accessible Bob Rock -LRB- who 's responsible for about 2 good albums and a never-ending list of hair metal and VH1 rock -RRB- as well as Raine dumbing down his lyrics considerably . I 've also never even been a fan of music videos , but OLP 's tended to be artistic rather than commercial , similar to those of NIN , Pearl Jam , and the aforementioned Pumpkins . However , the new one for Somewhere Out There is entirely too reminiscent of Creed , a band that does nothing original anyway . Raine looks like a pretty boy frontman and it features supermodels in pretentious poses . So rather than commend them for experimentation , I have to call them on selling out . Sorry guys , your new look/style may be winning you new fans , but count this own out . I 'll keep an ear open to hear if you ever go back to your roots , but until then I 'm sticking with the first 4 albums .
 After their last effort -LRB- Spiritual Machines -RRB- , those of us old-line OLP fans were waiting excitedly for the next release.However , during the hiatus , they cast off their lead guitar player and took up with the King of Homogenized Rock -LRB- Bob Rock -RRB- . The result
 of the 4 OLP albums I have -LRB- I 'm missing Naveed -RRB- , this one is the worst . It does not contain anywhere near as much feeling and soul as Clumsy , Happiness ... , and Spiritual Machines have . These guys are my second favorite band , and I love them to death , but they struck out on this one . While some of the songs are definitely good , on the whole , not anywhere close to their best work .
 I 've been a big fan of Our Lady Peace but this new record is not Our Lady Peace . I agree with everything Steve Gold mentioned . They Sold Out , plain and simple.btw , What 's up with `` Innocent '' ? Could it be anymore of a P.O.D `` Youth of the Nation '' -LSB- spin -RSB- off ? I mean , look at it . . - the first verse about a boy named Jonny - the second verse about a hurting little girl - the chorus chanting the same words `` we are , we are all innocent '' ; to P.O.D 's `` we are , we are the youth of the Nation '' - the bridge about how we need to change . . - and the final chorus with the kids singing . * Shakes head sadly *
 I 'm not sure why I decided to write a review of this Album two years after it 's release , but I guess this would be more of an opinion of the band 's current sound as a whole , as opposed to the tracks on this album.I 've been a die-hard OLP fan since the release of Naveed , until now that is . Any true OLP fan knows that the band was always at it 's best when not over produced and the music not too thought-out ... when the tracks just came together as they did on Naveed and Spiritual Machines . These albums just seemed more ... raw , more edgy . There was one member who undoubtedly influenced this aspect of OLP 's music - former guitarist Mike Turner . There are only a couple of tracks on this album for which he is credited and you can still hear his influence on them.Why did Mike leave ? Though I 've never been able to find a difinitive answer -LRB- other than the standard `` atristic differences '' -RRB- , I 've come to assume that it resulted from Raine 's -LRB- and the record label - Sony -RRB- desire to make the music more accessible -LRB- meaning , alter the sound -RRB- to the masses and go after the American market - more money , even though the band was wildly successful here at home . Mr. Turner , apparently was more worried about his artisitic integrity than breaking into new markets . Hooray for him.Though I will never disparage Raine 's lyrical or vocal talents , nor those of Mr. Turner 's replacement Steve Mazur , I ca n't say that I 'm a fan anymore . Mike took the soul of he band when he left . I ca n't blame him for not wanting to put his name on the watered-down , popped-up , whiny version of a formerly great sound that exists today .
 I 'm afraid that this much anticipated album just did n't live up to expectations . First of all , it lost the cohesiveness that OLP 's first four albums had , which seemed to become stronger with each new album . I also ca n't get into it intellectually , which is why their music usually appeals to me.For example , lyric wise , they 've written songs about women before but `` somewhere out there '' is too sentimental to fit in with the rest of their music . And sure , not all sappy romantic songs are bad , but this song lacks the intelligent edge of the band that I 've grown accustomed to . The rest of the album follows suit with this.The album is also musically devoid after the departure of Turner and Lani . The flowing chords that Turner seemed to pull out of * thin air * are gone , along with Maida 's formerly scathing voice . My first impression of the album as a whole was that they had adapted some studio flairs and fripperies often used by the pop-metal-rap bands out there . I ca n't bear to think of OLP as a pop-metal-rap band :--LRB- . Whether they used these effects experimentaly or to hook new listeners , i ca n't say . It 's disheartening to think that new listeners will identify with this album without having heard their REAL music .
 before this album came out , i was siked and looking forward to it . once i bought the album , i was extremely disappointed . our lady peace WAS my absolute favorite band . one of the reasons was because they did n't sound like anyone else . i own every single album that they came out with . they were brilliant when they had lead guitarist , mike . as soon as he quit the band and they gained the `` new guy '' , our lady peace sounds like everyone else . it -LSB- is bad -RSB- . if you admire our lady peace 's old stuff for what it is worth , you will not buy this album .
 I wholly agree with the first review posted . OLP used to be a wonderfully talented band , but when they ventured out in to the land of commerical success , their music lost something . Much of this has to do with integral member , Mike Turner -LRB- guitars -RRB- , departing after the release of Spiritual Machines , the predecessor to Gravity . Turner did not like the direction the band was headed in , and for good reason . OLP was better when they were less about commerically sound , catchy tunes and more about writing interesting , eclectic songs , with crafty guitar work . Many of these aspects , most notably the good guitars , are not to be found on this latest album . I had been a fan since 1994 's Naveed , their first album , but I am a fan no longer . OLP has sold out , and they will never be the same .
 Do n't buy this one ! The music is amateurish , the voice does not even come close to that of the great Eric Burdon . I suspect this is kind of a tribute to Eric Burdon release disguised as the real thing.If you know the original songs , you will cry bitter tears listening to this compilation of bloodless and dilettantish covers.The worst cut , in my opinion , `` When I Was Young . `` Not even worth the postage .
 There is no mention of restricted viewing for the U.S. I was not able to view this DVD on my DVD player-a message saying my area prohibits the viewing of this DVD . But , I was able to view it on my laptop . But , it 's still abit inconvenient . And , I wished there was a warning of this possible occurence-I may not have purchased it had I known .
 First , let me warn you that your DVD will probably only play on your computer . Second , the music and band are incredible . Third , the absolute worst live production that I 've ever seen.This is strictly going to be a background video for me . The music is great but the cuts are every nano second . You may think I 'm exaggerating , but if it 's not a nano second per shot , then it 's pretty close . You will have a seizure within the first minute while the shots are cut to the drum beat.The bad part about this ... these guys are awesome to watch . It 's a three-piece genious ... and you ca n't focus on anything for more than a split second . One of the best things about Muse live is their presence . This production is so bad it makes them look awful . If this production company knew anything about cutting footage , they 'd have left the camera focused on one person for at least a few seconds.Don ' t get me wrong , I 'm the last person to complain as you can verify yourself if you so desire . But , this instance was too painful for me . The clarity of the footage is brilliant ... but cuts wrecked it . Makes the quick shots on an MTV video look long.Buy this thing strictly for the sound . The DVD will otherwise produce the worst seizure/headache ever!Cheers ! I 'm going to look for something a little complimentary in the live footage area .
 Sorry , but I must protest . I 'm dumbfounded as to why they would release this disgraceful embarrassment when I thought we 'd seen the last of it . For years before this thing came out , Johnny Mathis had only been associated with quality , but around 1990 they decide to slap this high school Christmas production together . It 's beyond cheese , it was stupid having a 50-something Mathis lip-sych to his own 20-something voice on videotape . At least when he was on Ed Sullivan doing the stagey stuff he actually WAS a twentysomething . I hated the VHS when it came out , I was embarrassed for Johnny Mathis , whose reputation for quality had been breached in one fell swoop , and I 'm disgusted that they chose not to let this one remain out of production . Things wo n't change unless the people show Columbia that we 're smart enough to know that Mathis does n't have to sound like a 20-something for us to enjoy his music , that he can still sing the holiday classics in his present-day voice and sing them well , thank you very much , and that we want a NEW holiday video done LIVE with his current voice . Put the man in a real church with real musicians and let him sing with his REAL voice . Well , maybe I 'm the only one who wants that , but I do n't care . The only reason this even gets two stars is because if you turn the video portion off you do n't have a bad Christmas album , considering none of the great original Christmas songs he 's done since 1990 are on it ... hm , probably should remove a star for that . What I recommend
 Do n't be fooled by the low prices , this small collection is terrible . well , there are one or two good tracks with Stan Getz as a guest but other than that a cheap album for casual Jazz listeners .
 Track listing -- none of these sessions includes all songs recorded1.Conception -LRB- 2/18/50 -RRB- 2 . Max is Making Wax -LRB- 2/18/50 -RRB- 3 . Half Nelson -LRB- 6/2/51 -RRB- 4 . Down -LRB- 6/2/51 -RRB- 5 . Squirrel -LRB- 9/29/51 -RRB- 6 . Lady Bird -LRB- 9/29/51 -RRB- 7 . Confirmation -LRB- listed as `` Confidential '' -RRB- -LRB- 5/2/52 -RRB- 8 . Out of the Blue -LRB- 5/2/52 -RRB- 9 . Wee Dot -LRB- 5/3/52 -RRB- 10 . The Chase -LRB- 5/3/52 -RRB- 11 . It Could Happen to You -LRB- 5/3/52 -RRB- ...
 The vocals sounded drowned out in several places by the instrumentals , and they often sounded `` farther away '' and muddied . This was n't a tight performance , with instrumental oddities appearing here and there . Some vocal choruses appeared shrill . I much prefer either the older Robert Shaw , Atlanta Symphony recording or the James Levine , Chicago Symphony .
 The case maybe that few have heard the original songs in this album . This was the first Khalife album . The cassette tape artwork shows Khalife on a stage overexposed in a red color that resembles a storm . The year was 1976 . I consider myself lucky to own the original tape . The original arrangement is this
 I always hate it when Greatest Hits packages include live versions of standard songs . We know and love the original songs , not versions filtered through primitive recording devices and muddled up with audience screams and applause . Cocharane 's greatest song , `` Twenty Flight Rock '' is presented here in a live format and it 's grossly inferior to the original release.Eddie Cochrane is one of the most underrated and influential rockers of the 50 's , but his brilliance is eclipsed in this set . Had he lived , he easily would have taken his place with Buddy Holly , Little Richard and Chuck Berry as icons of that era . Considering his tantalizingly brief career , he contributed a number of classics to the rock repertoire . My favorite is the sensational `` Twenty Flight Rock , '' the song that quite literally first attracted John Lennon to Paul McCartney in 1957 . -LRB- Check out Paul 's great cover version of this song on his Russian album -RRB- . `` Summertime Blues '' is another outstanding song which is as vibrant as it was when first released 45 years ago.Cochrane is sadly under-appreciated today , but this album will only give you a slight hint of his talent and foresight . He wrote his own songs , played a pretty mean guitar and was a pioneer of rock , but the sound quality and selection here is supect . Also , it 's a completely incomplete look at Cochrane 's music . If you just want a sampling , this will do , but look elsewhere to listen to his whole repertoire with remastered tapes .
 The greatest appeal of Orff 's Carmina Burana is O Fortuna . It is among the most powerful and deep compositions of classical music . There is a significant percentage of the fans of Carmina Burana who loose interest in the rest of the music . They should not buy parts two and three of the Trionfi . Nothing resembles O Fortuna in Catulli Carmina nor Trionfo Di Afrodite . For the rest of us who like the sublimeness of the other scores in Carmina Burana , Catulli Carmina and Trionfo Di Afrodite has little to offer . None of the scores have the depth , power nor sweetness of any of the Carmina Burana scores . It offers only sour notes , operatic dialog and no memorable melodies
 This album does not represent the true Gato by any stretch of the imagination . This artist has done some truly magnificent work with most of his other albums but this one sounds more like some very stale Latino musician wannabe 's . Please do n't let this discourage you from the artist , only this cd .
 What a disappointment!The only saving grace is the Bonus Track . The rest of the CD is boring.I was hoping for the same sonic and composition quality as Michael Stearns `` The Lost World '' . Buy The Lost World ! It is a sonic masterpiece ... http://www.amazon.com/Lost-World-Michael-Stearns/dp/B000000X6W
 I am an avid fan of classic radio , but this collection is the worst I have encountered of this genre .
 I love the Z-man . And it hurts me to give him a sub-par review . However , this one-man live act is a bit on the dull side . Hey , Warren , do n't forget that you 're a rocker !!! Also , for someone as sardonic and cynical and cutting edge as Zevon , why would he release a live album that recalls the tepidness of all those damned MTV unplugged cds ?
 This collection contains very passable bar room rhythm and blues , but if you are buying it to hear some interesting interplay between Mark Knopfler and Dave Edmunds , forget it ! Mark Knopfler plays on only three of the albums 10 tunes , while Dave Edmunds input is limited to picking up instruments on only one of the tracks while producing/co-producing 4 others , none of them bearing the stamp of Knopflers trademark licks . If you have the money to burn , go for it . I think you 'd be better served directing it towards any of either artists solo works .
 If you are buying this CD for Knopfler , forget it . He is only on 3 cuts , and these are unrecognizable and can easily be missed . I found nothing else interesting on the CD . Spend your money elsewhere .
 I do n't mind taking chances on albums and not getting what I expect , and Mark Knopfler is one of the few artists for whom I will buy a title sight unseen , YET I am so bitter about this purchase , that I am posting my first and possibly only review here.What 's the problem ? Primarily , this is a CD printed and sold ONLY to capitalize on the names of MK and DE . MK is only listed for a few of the tracks , and for all I can tell , his involvement was to hold a mike for someone.Secondly , even at his worst , MK is still interesting , either musically vocally or lyrically , in an idiosyncratic way , but this album is quite bland.Thirdly , the material is ordinary and uninvolving ; nothing about it makes me sit up and want to rewind it , or crank it , or share it with someone.I really do believe that if MK had a say in it , this album would never have been allowed to be sold.On the good side , I learned that `` When in doubt look at the publisher name '' . July , 2011 . I forgot that I wrote this review , until I saw the link from my Amazon page . I still stand by it . To the 26 people that found the review helpful
 The title in bold caps proclaims `` MARK KNOPFLER & DAVE EDMUNDS , '' and in fine print below `` The Booze Brothers by Brewers Droop . '' That should have been reversed . Someone is obviously trying to cash in on MK 's subsequent success . Three early-70s tracks on which he allegedly picked but did not sing are the sole excuse for this album ; it would not have sold without Knopfler 's name on the cover . Nuf said . Unless you 're dying to hear what he sounded like before he found his style .
 It would have been an interesting idea
 This is one of the worst things I have ever heard ! This was recorded at a bar or some place in 1998 , it is a live recording and in no way resembles the original American Woman album . It is more of a sad comedy CD than anything else . Note the name of the band is `` Guess Who '' not `` The Guess Who . '' I had to force myself to play the whole thing . It is now in my trash can and I feel ripped off for buying it . It is a bad CD !
 this is a bootleg recording sold to an overseas lable , who released it as an authorized live cd . the cover does n't even have a picture of the band , just some rca records glossy from the dominic troiriano era . it is a soundtrack from a date that was covered by some local t.v. station at an out door festival some where in the usa.this cd is proof positive why BANDS HATE BOOTLEGS !
 Liked the song ` Love ' from the Bridget Jones soundtrack so bought album ... . horrible mistake . I hate this album , and I 'm pretty liberal in my taste in music . Sounds disjointed and unpleasant ... like bad performance art . Yuck yuck yuck .
 Rosey is unique . She pays no mind to convention or what anyone thinks.I 'll never buy another album of hers because this one is so `` out there '' . But if someone asked me for my ideal girl next door when I was growing up , Rosey would do just fine .
 I was on the search for some new female vocalists , and looking at the critic review and others on here , I gave this cd a try.From samples I had heard that her voice sounded very pretty , and I still do n't disagree with that . However , her work as a talent scout apparently did n't teach her what was catchy and what was n't . There is no hook anywhere at all on this album . I 'm not a pop fan in general , but all songs need hooks . Its what gets you to listen to them , to want to sing along , etc. . This cd , while varied in musical styles , stays at a slow dreamy pace throughout . I suppose if you wanted something to sleep to , this would be good.Her lyrics are weak and nearly every song follows the same pattern as far as vocal delivery .
 Her voice is far too husky and choked up . Her lyrics stink.Wish I could return this album . She sounds a little like a female Bob Dylan , Johhny Cash but with a bad headcold .
 More New Age piano . This is the equivalent of mindless drooling , except it extrudes through fingers onto a piano whose keys deserve better.Am I the only one to notice that the musical theme for track two , `` February Sea , '' is simply the `` Dies Irae '' with a note missing?I do n't know if this CD is pretentious or merely fatuous , Buy yourself some music by Jonn Serrie , or Michael Stearns , or Steve Roach ,
 In many ways like their debut record , Basya Schecter 's Pharaoh 's Daughter 's sophomore record , `` Exile '' , has that feeling of home demo , except this time the band seems to have shed many of the folk leanings of their debut for a more pop -LRB- or maybe faux-electronica -RRB- meets Arab sound . Gone are the overt Jewish/Klezmer influences , so present on their `` Daddy 's Pockets '' -LRB- and their later records -RRB- . This sonic change actually works pretty well -- Schecter 's confident vocal and superb songwriting can carry the album well , but the track selection leads much to be desired , with no less than half a dozen midtempo numbers to open the album up , lending a blending feel of one cut -LRB- `` Run '' -RRB- to another -LRB- `` Man in my Head '' -RRB- , the notable standout being `` Exile '' , which sounds like an electronica piece even though it lacks any of the typical electronica elements.The second half of the record does significantly better , barring the odd spoken word `` Paradise Hung '' -LRB- which sounds like a good idea whose time has n't quite arrived -RRB- . `` Statue '' provides great swirling vocals interspersed with acoustic guitars , `` Going Nowhere '' picks up a bouncing energy and a seemingly endless array of oddball sounds and freak guitar skanks in the background , and even when it surrenders to midtempo -LRB- `` Confession '' -RRB- , there 's enough going on to maintain interest.Like `` Daddy 's Pockets '' , `` Exile '' points the way for what 's to come -- it 's a bit unbalanced of a record and I think a bit less of a record than its predecessor . I rate it a bit low as a comparative measure to the superb records that follow . IF you 've picked up an interest in the band , this one 's worth checking out , otherwise start with `` Out of the Reeds '' or Schecter 's superb solo record `` Queen 's Dominion '' .
 I HEARD CHALREMAINE BEAUTIFUL VOICE AT THE END OF THE MOVIE `` BLACKWOODS '' , I LOOKED HER UP AND ORDERED HER CD , , , IT PLAYED IN MY CAR BUT IT WOULD N'T PLAY ON MY COMPUTER AND THAT WAS 3YRS AGO , , I REALLY ONLY LIKED 2 SONGS OFF THAT CD , , `` MY SONG '' AND `` OUT IN THE RAIN '' , , , OUT IN THE RAIN '' IS ON SINGLE AND U CAN DOWNLOAD IT !! HEY AMAZON , EVERYTHING I GOT FROM U GUYS ARE 100 % GOOD , BUT WHEN I ORDER THAT CD FROM U GUYS AND U HAVE 2 GET IT FROM SELLER WHO SAYS IT GOOD 2 GO , , , AMAZOM NEEDS 2 CHECK THAT ORDER B4 IT GETS 2 THE BUYER , , ALL THAT S&H PLUS THE PRICE OF THE ITEM AI N'T NO JOKE , , , I DO N'T NEED COPIES , THOUGHT I WAS GETTIN THE REAL THING !!!
 I also fell in love with the song ` Out in the rain ' - Good heavens what a wonderful singer . But I too bought the cd and found I can not play it on any system in the house . Even my alienware media center wo n't play it . So very sad since this artist is incredible and I can never hear her sing the song again unless I buy the movie . So far my cd is art work since I refuse to use it as a coaster . : -RRB-
 I heard Charlemaine while watching a movie and fell in love with her voice . I then searched everywhere until I found her CD . I paid the full price of $ 19.99 USD and delivery charges . I could hardly wait to play my new CD.When this CD arrived I found out that this CD WILL NOT PLAY on any of my stereos in my house . I have a CD/mp3/DVD player in every room and the CD WILL NOT PLAY . I could not figure out what was wrong until I went online and found out about copy controlled CDs being a huge problem in the UK . They will not play in a majority of CD players and can even badly damage your drive . The only place this CD would play on is my little walkman CD that I use for working out , and this is not working out music.This CD is not worth your money if you can not even play it on your stereo equipment . DO NOT PURCHASE !
 I heard Charlemaine while watching a movie and fell in love with her voice . I then searched everywhere until I found her CD . I paid the full price of $ 19.99 USD and delivery charges . I could hardly wait to play my new CD.When this CD arrived I found out that this CD WILL NOT PLAY on any of my stereos in my house . I have a CD/mp3/DVD player in every room and the CD WILL NOT PLAY . I could not figure out what was wrong until I went online and found out about copy controlled CDs being a huge problem in the UK . They will not play in a majority of CD players and can even badly damage your drive . The only place this CD would play on is my little walkman CD that I use for working out , and this is not working out music.This CD is not worth your money if you can not even play it on your stereo equipment . DO NOT PURCHASE !
 Most of the time i will give Engelbert rave reviews for his superior vocal abilities and his unique song interpretations and yet on this one he seems to be in such a hurry that most of the songs are sung in a fast forward tempo until a few of them are unrecognizable . A few songs he only sings one line to the song !!! I know he may be trying to sing as many songs as he could squeeze in for the show but in doing so he blazes past most of them as if he had a plane to catch -LRB- maybe he did ? -RRB- . After the loving is sung so fast he barely can squeeze the words into it in time ! Unforgettable and When I fall in Love sound almost like totally different songs from the originals ! He flies through his old hits as if he 's ashamed of them and there 's only a few songs that he actually takes the time on to sing and this Cd leaves you wondering , what was the hurry Humperdinck ?
 I love jazz , and I love almost all Coltrane , but I 'll be honest . I find these shows a bit difficult to listen to . There 's just too much wheezing and squeeling here for my ear . I find myself whincing at times . Other times it 's not seeming to go anywhere . There 's something pathological about Coltrane 's playing . He sounds a bit like a dying cat . He must have been heavy into the Heroin by this point .
 Caddyshack is a god-awful movie . Nor has it aged well . It is partially redeemed by the famous scene where a scallywag unleashes a chocolate bar on a public swimming pool . Much to the anguish of one and all , it resembles something else - the Abomination of Desolation with last night 's lemon chicken thrown in for good measure!Likewise Sir Woger 's recording of Wagner is a ` brown projectile ' afloat in the effluence of the Period Practice swimming pool - but chocolate it ai n't . This travesty - for lack of a better word - lays claim to being the worst recording ever made . Nothing else comes close - not evenThe World 's Highest Tenor
 I borrowed this cd at a library because I was curious about his rendition of Wagner . I know Norrington personally and I do n't particularly like the man nor some of his interpretations but I must say that he has done some good things in the past and I wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt.If you are a Wagner `` beginner '' , please do not purchase this recording ! It is catastrophic . It is not a question of having a different taste in the matter of interpretation
 Wow , I stumbled on this while looking for the original Zeros . How did these guys not get sued for stealing the name ? This is cheesy faux punk/glam drivel . If these purple dudes are still around , I hope people do n't think they are going to see The Zeros -LRB- original 1976 punk -RRB- & end up seeing this train wreck . I 'm thinking this is supposed to be sort of a funny/comedy kind of schtick , based on the lyrics & the fact that they are driving a Chevy Vega on the cover . Does n't work though . Even when the guitar work is pretty solid on a few songs , the lyrics & singing is painful . Avoid at all costs .
 I find it an odd coincidence that so many of the positive comments here are made on the same date . I realize the reason I 've never heard of any of these artists is because their music is n't any good . You 're better off getting Dancehall Nice Again 2005 .
 If you 're looking for the Reggae Gold with artists Beenie Man , Capleton , Jah Cure , I Wayne , etc. . THIS IS NOT THE REGGAE GOLD 2005 FROM VP RECORDS!These artists all have an interesting sound . The problem is only one of them seems to have what it takes for `` Gold '' - that is Vineyard coming through with `` Stolen Legacy '' . Change is good , but this a complete overhaul .
 Its nice to give new artists a chance to shine , but in this case it does n't work . I gave it one star for one good song - `` Stolen Legacy '' by Vineyard . The rest just leaves you feeling disappointed . Now I have to find a new summer mix album . Maybe ` Strictly the Best 33 ' ?
 I bought this CD thinking I was continuing my Reggae Gold collection ; this one goes in the trash . If you are a die hard Reggae/Dancehall fan like I am -LRB- if you have n't guessed by now mi a yardie -RRB- you will absolutely hate this CD . I would have given it a lower rating if they had it .
 Another Reggae Gold with nothing but old songs . Every song on the CD is over a year old . Come on VP give us somethig fresh and new . This formula is old , stale and boring . For Reggae fans who like hot , fresh new music I recommend you check out '18 Karat Reggae Gold ' it is a lot hotter . Reggae Gold is like stale bread , 18 Karat Reggae Gold is hot fresh bread from the oven .
 this is a REALLY REALLY bad cd . if you like Kajagoogoo , or even Limahl as a solo artist , you will not like this cd . It 's absolutely dreadful . I bought it because I wanted to see what it sounded like when Limahl sang later Kajagoogoo songs and I was really surprised how horrible the album was . The instruments on the album sound like MIDI and Limahl 's singing sounds like karaoke . I 'm a huge fan of Kajagoogoo with Limahl , a small fan of Kajagoogoo without Limahl . I like some Limahl songs , but this album is a nightmare , and that 's coming from a huge Kajagoogoo -LRB- `` White Feathers '' -RRB- fan . If you like Kajagoogoo with Limahl or `` Too Shy '' buy `` White Feathers '' because it 's an awesome album .
 This CD is total garbage but it 's quite amusing as a novelty item . Imagine if you will , Timothy Leary muttering his incoherent psycho-babble & bad poetry over cheesy heavy metal guitar riffs . This CD is good as a novelty item & conversation piece but is easily the worst CD I own . No , I did n't buy it , I acquired it & will treasure it forever !!! -LRB- haha -RRB-
 Writing this one star review was a hard decision to make . I am writing this review because this artist has accepted a > $ 100,000 bribe by the University of Colorado to help the University stifle a 420 pro-legalization protest.While this artist claims to be in favor of cannabis legalization , actions speak louder than words , and I think that it would be appropriate for this artist to face a very well deserved backlash from the pro-marijuana legalization community for his involvement in helping the administrators at the University of Colorado drown out a protest in favor of marijuana legalization.If Lady Gaga accepted a bribe from an anti-gay group to help muffle out a pro-gay rights event , she would face a backlash from the gay community . If Al Sharpton accepted a bribe from a white supremacists group to help tamp out a pro-African-American event , Al Sharpton would face a backlash from the black community for it . Similarly , I think that Wyclef Jean needs to face a backlash from the marijuana community for his efforts in helping to tamp out a 420 pro-marijuana protest .
 As a huge fan pf Wyclef 's first two albums , i met his newest with great anticipation , hoping to find an album as well-rounded as Ecleftic . Unfortunately , what I found was complete garbage . When the best song on an album is a poppy love ballad with a bad video , you know the album is in trouble . There are maybe 4 songs on the album that I could stand listening to , as much of it seems forced and out of place . The israeli violins at r = the end of the song `` Masquerade '' , for example , were great , but my question is , why only at the end of the song ? They should have been on the whole track , and then track would have been much better . Also , at the end of Oh What a night -LRB- a barely listenable track -RRB- , he covers John Denver , once again , a great idea , but completely the wrong spot for it . Other than Oh What a Night , Two Wrongs , Daddy , and Thug Like Me , I couldnt force myself to listen to the rest of the album . Horrible stuff from such a great artist , it really makes me wonder how an artist of Wyclef 's caliber could make such bad music .
 This is one of those digital-era opera recordings -LRB- taped July 1994 , issued the following year -RRB- that seemed to appear and then go out of print in approximately the amount of time it would take to play them twice . And , while I was happy to finally have tracked down a `` like-new '' copy via Amazon marketplace , twice is about as many times as I wanted to hear it.I had looked forward to hearing this particular score played under the exacting baton of Maestro Muti , a controversial figure venerated by many for his scholarship , his remarkably acute ear , and his high standards of ensemble , and excoriated by others for what they see as killjoy pedantry and excessive strictness -LRB- he generally proscribes unwritten high notes and severely limits ornamentation from even star singers -RRB- . It seemed to me that his customarily disciplined , taut , urgent leadership would be a stimulating corrective or at least an alternative to the slack and sleepy conducting and/or second-rate execution that has compromised many previous recordings of Bellini 's masterpiece , however vividly sung and acted . And that did hold true in the main . Muti runs a tight ship as usual , and the orchestra and chorus of the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino -LRB- an ensemble with which he has very deep roots ; it was his work as their principal conductor that launched him to international prominence 25 years before -RRB- rises to the challenge . Only here and there does the reading get too hard-driven , with the brisk tempi pursued to the point of hectic joylessness -LRB- much of the overture suffers this way , as does the `` Guerra ! Guerra ! '' choral outburst -RRB- . Still , while this is not the most inspired performance I have heard from this conductor in terms of musical shaping and flow , it is a reading of both vitality and sensitivity -- the canny pacing of the Adalgisa/Pollione duet is an example of discreet accompaniment at a very high level . In technical terms , the live recording is well balanced , and it 's nice in this opera to hear choristers audibly `` right in the thick of things '' when they 're in mass formation on stage , and not illogically distanced , as sometimes is the case in studio-made products.It is a shame that one of our great living conductors of Italian opera was not matched in this work with an equally adept cast . Eaglen makes some attractive sounds in the middle of her range at mezzo-forte or less , but Norma does not seem to be a role for which she is particularly well suited , at least on the evidence here . The voice is fatally lacking in flexibility , so that florid patches are barely marked ; pitch is often errant , especially on top ; and the sound tends to harden and take on a glassy quality when she needs to step up the volume . La Scola 's Pollione is worse , and provincial to a depressing extreme
 It has to be answered with yes , if you are forced to hear music of this famous german band from cologne . It is kiddie music for girls who are to grown up for Barney or the Muppets but to young for everything else.Worst kind of music .
 This was recommended to me by a friend who is interested in '' Pasadena Light Orchestra '' kind of music but it doesnt really fit the bill , its quite good but nothing outstanding and you have to get it from the USA . If you.ve had a few drinks it sounds better but then doesnt everything .
 Wow , I stumbled on this while looking for the original Zeros . How did these guys not get sued for stealing the name ? This is cheesy faux punk/glam drivel . If these purple dudes are still around , I hope people do n't think they are going to see The Zeros -LRB- original 1976 punk -RRB- & end up seeing this train wreck . I 'm thinking this is supposed to be sort of a funny/comedy kind of schtick , based on the lyrics & the fact that they are driving a Chevy Vega on the cover of their other record . Does n't work though . Even when the guitar work is pretty solid on a few songs , the lyrics & singing is painful . Avoid at all costs .
 Paul Stanley proved he could write songs with this album . What makes this album listenable is Paul 's voice . He is the best singer in the band . The music is well done as well . Apparently , unlike Gene , Paul took this venture seriously . Not as heavy as Ace 's effort and about a billion times better than Peter 's . Then again , what album is n't better than Peter 's ?
 This is an okay album . The only thing is , almost all of the songs are forgettable and do n't leave any impression . They just sound on the whole like filler . The only song I like to listen to is `` Hold Me , Touch Me . '' That 's a very impressive , moving song with a nice touch of a guitar solo . I actually give this album 2.5 stars . Not the best music , but okay .
 In this album , Stanley gives up any attempt to rock and goes for his eral side
 Paul stanleys a good singer but this sound like the beach boys Ill stay genes ace peters solo albums .
 During the albums before the solo albums , Paul had the best voice in Kiss in my opinion . He had that hard driving rock and roll voice that set Kiss apart from all the other glam rock bands of the early 70 's -LRB- Strutter , Hotter than Hell , Room Service , Detroit Rock City , Makin ' Love , Love Gun , All-American Man , etc. -RRB- When I heard Paul 's solo album , I could n't believe my ears . Where were the rock songs ? What happened to his voice ? I guess Paul was going through a soft rock/soul stage , but it was just awful . And when you listen to Paul 's album then listen to Dynasty and Unmasked , the weak link is Paul ! Paul 's songs on Dynasty and Unmasked are just like his lousy pop solo album , which effectively killed Kiss.Say what you want about Gene - Radioactive could 've been a Kiss song and a reworked True Confessions , Tunnel of Love , and Man of a 1000 Faces could have too . Of course the Ace Frehley album was as good as any Kiss album in it 's own right , and Peter 's ... but Paul 's showed what was wrong with Kiss from 1978-1981 . Luckily he got his voice back for Creatures of the Night . But the damage to Kiss was already done and Kiss would n't be the same again .
 It was not the product I ordered -LRB- Remember The Titans CD Soundtrack -RRB- . The outside cover was Remember the Titans but inside was a lullaby CD . It was a used CD for $ 4.99 ... I thought that was a dirty trick . The seller 's name was Fred Smith ... No contact information . Extremely disappointing .
 Somebody from Florida asked about the missing song . It 's `` Them Changes '' by Buddy Miles , one of the all-time great funk-rock artists of the 60 's . He played with Hendrix , Pickett , Ruby and the Romantics , etc. `` Them Changes '' is the best song in the movie , and it 's missing from this soundtrack ! How could they exclude it ?!!! Without `` Them Changes , '' this soundtrack is a 2 -LRB- same tired old songs we 've heard a 1000 times -RRB- . With `` Them Changes , '' this soundtrack would have been a 5 . Here 's my advice
 Do n't get me wrong . This is a fine soundtrack . But ANY 60s compilation CD would suffice . Given the rich orchestral themes which were played at length throughout the film it is a pitty that a film score was n't released in addition to the soundtrack with the 60s songs -LRB- as was done for For the Love of the Game -RRB- .
 I have to agree with the fan from australia , this cd should have been released with a sister original score . I had the same disappointment with Phenomenon . Trevor Rabin is such a wonderful composer and I would have jumped at the chance to hear his complete score . The one track is great , but not sufficient . I have refused to buy this cd for that reason . I would recommend that any other score fans stay clear if you feel as I do . Not to be too sarcastic , but other than that , the cd was great .
 My 14 month old daughter loves animals and we have the entire collection of the babyeinstein series , which also teaches kids through music . This DVD was exteremely slow and the music was slow as well . This DVD was so slow , that they concentrated on the giraffes for 5 minutes and showed every movement of the giraffe 's mouth , when it slowly chewed it 's food . Likewise they did the same with the elephants and several other animals . The animals looked like they were taking a lazy afternoon stroll or getting ready to doze off . This DVD is more for putting a kid to sleep . My 14 month old could not sit still because of the slow paced video . I was looking for some lively music and some animals that actually moved or ran or did something , rather than stand and enjoy the lazy afternoon sun .
 My 20 month daughter loves the entire Baby Einstein series and Bee Smart Baby series -LRB- Baby Bumblebee -RRB- . She has been watching them since she was 12 months and ca n't take her eyes off them . I also bought several of the Baby Genius movies . None of them hold her attention for more than a few minutes . My complaint is that there is no speaking in them . They will show giraffes , elephants , etc but not say what those animals are . Another of the Baby Genius movies shows big numbers in bright colors but never says what that is .
 My 23 month old grew up watching the Baby Einstein series and she is constantly requesting to watch them over and over . I tried to put the San Diego Zoo on for her a few times now and several seconds into it she asks for the other dvds . I asked her if she liked this one and she says no ... and she knows when she likes something and does n't . I 'm hoping as she gets older she will want to see the animals in this DVD . She knows what most of the animals are but she is not entertained by the music and I think they focus too long on each animal . They needed to move quicker threw the animals to hold her attention .
 The CD is in good condition and there is no problem with the product excepts that the CD is boring , discoish and boring . Totally forgetable piece of music .
 i liked estrogen . that 's a cool rock song . most of the other songs are ok . not much that makes me want to buy a ticket to see these guys . i have my fingers crossed .
 Some of the songs sound good , but I would n't hype this cd up too much . Kind of annoying after a while . I may have to do as one of the other reviews said , and listen to this cd more than once to start liking it because i was n't a big fan after the first listen .
 This album is 2 stars because some of the songs are listenable . I hardly enjoy listening to this album.I hardly recommend this album . Addy .
 The last track is the only track on this CD that I can listen to without getting irritated . You 'd think that slow tracks with an ambient-quality to them , no matter how mediocre , would at the very least lull you sleep you . Nope . This CD lacks originality and vision and Gregor Samsa need to disband stop distributing their crap to the poor unsuspecting world . The one star in this review is for the super sweet design of their CD and witty band name . When all you 've got going for you in a cool band name and nice album design however , grrrrr ...
 I do n't ordinarily write reviews of stuff I do n't like . I 'm writing this just because so many people have written positive reviews of an album that really ought to be avoided.Avoid .
 I was so disappointed when I saw this video , and heard the recently released version of `` Your Disco Needs You . '' Instead of UNrecommending this item , I am ordering you not to buy it ! If you 're looking for the song `` Giving You Up , '' there are better copies to look for .
 hes got two albums out . WAY TO SIMULAR . . buy one and forget the other , Pretty much the same songs.waste of money
 I would have to say that this is probably the worst Carpenters album you could buy.Most of Karen Carpenter 's hit singles were not her best work , and combining alot of these klunkers on one album -LRB- sing , top of the world , please mr postman , etc. -RRB- makes a very monotonous listening experience.I also agree with the reviewer below , the remixes on this album are horrible.The structure and sound of the original recordings have been devastated.Skip this album-I would recommend the new ESSENTIAL COLLECTION , which contains many of the original recordings , plus alot of her great jazz material-This masquerade , Ordinary Fool , Little Girl Blue , A song for you , etc.Also , the remastering on ESSENTIAL is outstanding !
 This was a total disappointment . Not only were several hit singles left off -LRB- `` There 's a Kind of Hush , '' `` Calling Occupants of Interplanetary Craft , '' `` Solitaire '' and `` Sweet , Sweet Smile '' -RRB- , but all except for `` Close to You '' and `` Touch Me When We 're Dancing '' were remixed . Also , once again , the original `` Postman '' was n't included , which was the Carpenters ' biggest internatinal hit.Overall , this is another showcase for another rehashing by Richard Carpenter . If you want the original hit singles you grew up with in the Seventies , do n't waste your money on this CD .
 How many times is Richard Carpenter going to muck with the original masters to `` spruce '' these songs up ? I wanted the original version of the songs on this CD , not poor redos ! From a collector 's standpoint this is a waste of money because songs like `` It 's Going To Take Some Time '' , `` Goodbye to Love '' , `` Superstar '' , and `` Yesterday Once More '' were redone and can be found on other numerous Carpenters collections . `` It 's Going To Take Some Time '' here has a `` staccato '' choppy sound to me , and a different piano to boot . `` Goodbye to Love '' is also redone using different instruments , and `` Yesterday Once More '' suffers from the same . The CD should be titled `` The Singles 1969-1981 Redone '' . True some songs are original or at least seem like it , such as `` For All We Know '' with a reprise at the end , `` Bless The Beasts and The Children '' , and a few others . But really , if we 're going to get `` the singles '' , why ca n't we have the original single version of `` Top Of The World '' without the twangy steel guitars ? My 45 does n't sound that way ! Message to Richard Carpenter
 There is little purpose for me to try to define the musical content of this album , as a fan of the Carpenters since age 5 -LRB- and probably before -RRB- , I am satisfied by the inclusion of all their hits in 1 album.HOWEVER , the actual sound quality of this CD is a different story . The remastering is a complete disaster , and I am surprised that a famous engineer like Bernie Grundman and/or Rich Carpenter can put their names on this.The sounds are completely unbalanced . The vocals which should be the main emphasis are thin and scratchy with excessive echo , and are completely dominated by the muddy instrumentals . Do n't try to listen this CD with headphones or good speakers . I am puzzled by some percussion bits which seem to be added to the originals -LRB- as pointed out by other reviewers -RRB- . Also I disagree with the excuse that LPs can not be faithfully represented on CDs . Recent remasters of Bob Marley 's albums are simply spectacular , in spite of the fact that they were probably recorded with inferior equipment to begin with compared to the Carpenters.This CD really damages my memories of the Carpenters ; I think Karen deserves better.EDIT - It seems that the prior iteration of this album Singles 1969-1973 -LRB- now out of print -RRB- may have better acoustics though less songs . Just received my copy . Beautiful original versions with full range of karen 's vocals and the original instruments . Simply beautiful , get that one instead .
 I thought I bought this , but apparently it never downloaded to either my PC or iPad . Have n't listened to it , so I do n't know whether I like it or not .
 Fact
 Browse through a decent number of reviews and you 'll find lots of folks ... even those who gave this good star ratings ... talking about how Richard Carpenter has overdubbed new piano parts at times -LRB- `` Sing '' in particular is cited -RRB- and the CD has been extensively re-mixed . The monkeying is probably most noticeable in the extra reverb added to Karen 's voice and the way the drums are pushed forward in the mix more than the originals.If you do n't release the 45RPM version ... without re-mixing it , adding extra parts , taking away other parts to `` modernize '' it . . then you have NOT released the singles . These changes are not `` remastering '' ... they are re-recording . If Richard desires to do that , it should be released as `` The Carpenters ' Greatest Songs...Re-interpreted ! '' or something similar . Those who want to hear that could still buy it . . and those seeking the songs they remember AS they remember them would be spared the deception.BOTTOM LINE : Do n't buy into the revisionist history . Stick with the `` 1969-1973 '' version instead . -LRB- ASIN B00000HY5F -RRB-
 I really do n't know what to say about this one . First though , I am a big fan of Horner . He 's done some incredible work . Second , I think I ought to confess that I bought this soundtrack out of curiosity . I 'd read a review elsewhere that basically said that this was the worst soundtrack Horner had ever written -LRB- and for a true Horner fan , that is reason enough to own it I suppose -RRB- . I do n't personally believe that this is Horner 's worst . I 'm sure he 's written poorer music at some point . It does have a theme -LRB- nothing special ... but it 's got that definite Horner sound to it -RRB- . It is not entirely disagreeable . It does have ` the instrument of shock ' and some interesting drum solos . Unfortunately though , the first track is what really kills the potential of the CD . It has one of those ` Horner Choirs ' in it.Now , I like choirs -LRB- in certain situations -RRB- ... and I 'm sure that these people were professionals who were only singing what had been written for them . If the dissonant choir from ` Brainstorm ' makes you want to kill yourself , and you like ` Krull ' but skip all of the choral parts , then you may have to expect the same with this one . They are singing words , not just humming along , but they sound off key and a little ... well ... very poor . It may well fit with the scene . I 've not seen the movie so I really ca n't jugde it 's overall effect.On the plus side , this seems to have been one of the projects that contributed to the sound of ` Mighty Joe Young ' which I feel is vastly superior -LRB- both in theme and in execution -RRB- . So , on the whole , this probably wo n't be one of those that you play constantly ... but it 's interesting and probably wo n't give you nightmares . I 'm glad I have it in my extensive Horner collection . Just do n't expect it to be on par with the best of Horner ... or even the middle grades of Horner .
 I mean it .
 I really wonder why Faye wong can be so popular ... She can not sing well enough . It 's true that some songs of her are well written but she ca n't deliver them well enough . She should n't use her fake voice too often.This album is a lousy follow-up to her previous self-titled release which had many nice songs .
 Her songs are good but she fails to do them justice . Her voice is so airy and ethereal that it lacks body and she sounds as though she is wailing away . The air plays a large part in her lack of control of her voice . In track 3 , she sounds as though she is singing with fishballs in her mouth - it was hard for me to distinguish whether she was singing in Mandarin or Cantonese ! Red Bean and Face are good songs but then again , with Faye 's insipid voice , it 's hard for her to control .
 Like most artists from Hong Kong , Faye is as manufactured as the come . And like most creative ideas out of Hong Kong -LRB- and East Asia , for that matter -RRB- , it is merely a rip off from the West ... in this case , Iceland . From the music , right down to the cover , it 's Bjork . I see that she finally got out of her Tori Amos phase . This woman does not have a shred of originality . As Dennis Miller said at the MTV Music Awards after he introduced Faye Wong
 I opened for these guys in Vegas and let me tell you these guys ARE NOT PLAYING ANYTHING THAT RESEMBLES JAZZ !! The band I play with does music ranging from Holdsworth , Corea , Metheny and Tribal Tek to Dregs - > Herbie to Trane , Shorter etc. . THAT 'S JAZZ . JACOB FRED HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH JAZZ OR FUSION !!! IT 'S ROCK JAM GARBAGE !!! THEY DO N'T SOLO OVER CHANGES . THEY SOLO OVER BOARING LONG ONE KEY VAMPS.To the guy that makes the insulting remark about going back and listening to the Dave Matthews band if you do n't get these guys . WELL LET ME TELL YOU I LISTEN AND HAVE LISTENED AND PEFROMED MUSIC WAY OVER THE HEADS OF ANYONE IN THAT BAND.THESE GUYS ARE LAME AND DEAF
 i saw jacob fred jazz odyssey live in new york at the village underground , and they were the worst improvisational jazz band i have ever seen . i have listened to my fair share of jazz , and the jacob fred jazz odyssey has nothing special , and i want to go on record as saying
 I purchase this CD because it advertised the `` Original Artists '' `` Original Hits '' ... It is not as advertised . None of the songs are by the original artists and nothing on the jewel case advises you of that . The song list on the back has all of the original artists names after the song as if they are singing on the recording . They are not . If you are looking for the original artists ... look elsewhere . I did not purchase this from Borders .
 I love this opera , I have been to Paris to see the original performance which is represented on this CD . It is in all points disappointing
 Il y avait longtemps que l'on avait oubli&eacute; en France que Don Carlos &eacute;tait un op&eacute;ra franais quand le Chtelet l' a repris en 1996 . Malheureusement , ce fut avec peu de bonheur car le seul souci qui semble avoir &eacute;t&eacute; pr&eacute;sent dans l'esprit de ceux qui l'ont mont&eacute; a &eacute;t&eacute; de moderniser l'op &eacute;ra ou pire encore de faire moderne -LRB- aussi paradoxal que cela puisse paratre , l'op &eacute;ra n ' a jamais &eacute;t&eacute; moderne et quand le XXe si&egrave;cle s ` en est ml&eacute; , le genre a bien failli en mourir -RRB- . Dans le cas de ce Don Carlos le r&eacute;sultat est donc navrant . On a d'abord droit &agrave; une mise en sc&egrave;ne grunge qui trivialise l'op &eacute;ra . Cela ne serait pas grave , car finalement , &agrave; part quelques photos , sur le disque on ne la voit pas , mais malheureusement elle impr&egrave;gne les chanteurs qui se vautrent dans la caricature en perdant tout sens de la noblesse et de la grandeur . Le meilleur exemple est bien sr Roberto Alagna qui chante donc comme il parle
 yo this album is great . it is a mix of punk and ska , and it sounds really good . some of the songs suck , but others were really cool . i suggest this album to anyone .
 We were expecting that this recording of the Concierto D' Aranjuez came out to be the best , but it shows one more time that only John Williams 's recording with the Philharmonia Orchestra bring to the audience the authentic message from the composer . On Manuel 's recording is very difficult to hear the guitar and the sound sometime is very weak . Manuel decided to take a lot of notes out on technical challenge parts , maybe he did not know how to practice those parts or he did not have enough time to prepare the piece . I would like to say that Placido Domigo is not a conductor , a good musician can tell the diference between this reocording conducted by Placido and a recording conducted by a real and professional conductor . I will buy twenty times John Williams 's recording then this CD .
 Lots of cheesey cuts from the 80s when Greg was trying to remain relevent - a reflection of how bad the music was back then .
 this death metal band is worse than cannibal corpse . the lyrics are cheesy , and the music is muddy .
 Looks like a nile rip off but it actullies rips morbid angel off?Coffin texts , i think thats their name ? Needs to choose who they want to be or rip off ... Better yet ? Creat your own sound , because copying nile 's artwork style & rippin off morbid angel will not you make you a great deathmmetal band , but it sure will make metalheads mad at you . Take my advice , make your own music insted of ripping off other bands . Do not waste your money on this disgrace .
 There is no climatic piece in the whole album . It appears it was gathered selections ... by that I mean , somebody said `` oh let 's use this one and this one ... '' The selections just drift from one to the next and carry little emotional impact on this listener . Yet I love Angela , but Roberto is second rate . Overall , not much on here to remember .
 Natalie Dessay , while a true coloratura and nothing else but a coloratura , has incredible high notes -LRB- but not as incredible as Mady Mesple or Pons , those will stop your heart cold , they are so amazing -RRB- but lacks in middle range and her interpertation is rather non exsistent . I heard that is is a gifted actress but none of it reads in her recordings . Her tone is often grating and usually seems slightly forced . I prefer before my time singers such as Maria Callas , Joan Sutherland , Medy Mesple -LRB- if you have not heard her , buy a cd NOW ! -RRB- and of course , Lily Pons whose high notes are so effortless and breathtaking they do n't even seem human . Natalie Dessay , sadly , does not impress me at all and frankly I do n't understand why everyone is so enraptured with her . She 's fine and yes , talented , but I 'm just not feeling her singing . It just does n't work for me . Wish she 'd stop singing all the french , I get it , you 're french but putting out like three french albums in a relatively short timeframe is kind of overkill .
 How can one compare this `` singer '' to Mado Robin -LRB- the highest voice -RRB- , Mady Mesple -LRB- one of the best living coloraturas -RRB- or to the wonderful and unique Lily Pons ?! This pretentious singer is good enough to play at Madonna 's parties . Tasteless , amateurish . Those who have ears should avoid this hoax -LRB- sings only in playback by the way -RRB- . Exit .
 And I stood upon the shoreline of the swamp and I saw a bald-headed Beast arise from the period-practice sludge , having far too many recordings to his name and upon his forehead was the name of blasphemy.And the Beast which I saw was like unto a headless chicken , and his feet were as the feet of a three-legged dog , and his mouth as the mouth of an earthworm
 I bought this album because it was supposed to be a classic within the industrial genre . I was really disapointed , to me it sounds like dated synth-pop , typical for the 80-ish , with only a couple of decent songs -LRB- ` Kinda I want to ' is one -RRB- .
 These speak for themselves :[ ... -RSB- NIN fans , do n't waste your money on this version of PHM that was just released
 Anyone looking to pick up NIN 's debut LP , Pretty Hate Machine , needs to steer clear of this fraud . Universal is trying to capitalize on Trent Reznor 's recent success -- namely an Oscar-winning movie score -LRB- The Social Network -RRB- , as well as his scoring work on the upcoming American versions of The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo trilogy . No remastering has been done on this album . Do not be fooled by this . Trent himself has warned his fans publicly to avoid this release . Buy the original or buy the 2010 remaster , but not this one . The 2010 Remaster also contains a bonus track , the B-side `` Get Down , Make Love '' .
 This album did nothing groundbreaking except for to bring industrial music to the masses , but then again , this is n't even really industrial music , its more industrial pop , and other groups like Ministry and Nitzer Ebb were helping popularize industrial before PHM even.Many people cite this as one of the first industrial albums to use guitars too but it 's not either , Ministry and The Revolting Cocks were doing that much better , for several years beforehand , and basically every other Wax Trax ! artist was doing industrial in general better than Trent did on this album . Most other industrial did n't contain nearly as many cliche and bland lyrics as PHM either.It 's not bad , but the rap on `` Down In It '' in unintentionally hilarious , `` The Only Time '' is laughably bad , `` Head Like A Hole '' is not the amazing , punch of a track many seem to think it is , and the production sounds often weak . It is also one of the best examples of ultra-melodramatic , cheeseball goth industrial-lite / synth-pop at times.A few tracks , -LRB- `` Sanctified '' , `` Terrible Lie '' , `` Sin '' -LRB- althought the single version of ` Sin ' is ten times better -RRB- , `` Kinda ... '' and `` Ringfinger '' -RRB- are great , but really this is n't any better than any Ministry , RevCo , Nitzer Ebb , Depecche Mode , Skinny Puppy , Meat Beat Manifesto or any other similar artists ' albums . Trent fails by a long shot to improve on or to surpass these obvious influences . And this album does n't really stand out above any if many other industrial albums in the 14 years before it 's release when it comes down to it.So buy it if you like industrial , buy it if you 're a fan , just do n't expect a whole heaping lot of greatness .
 From Trent Reznor 's word himself : `` I would n't buy this one . This has NOT been remastered and has only been released because a clause in a boring contract said they could -LRB- so of course they did -RRB- . `` So there you go . You should buy this one instead : Pretty Hate Machine
 To quote Trent Reznor on this reissue `` NIN fans , do n't waste your money on this version of PHM that was just released '' . Enough said.Get the remastered version .
 STAY AWAY FROM THIS !!!!!!! This is just a repackage of the old album . It 's just a record label trying to get money . If you want PHM then get the Remaster edition .
 5 stars for the music , 1 star for this particular re-issue . If you own the original edition of this album as issued by TVT Records and later re-issued by Rykodisc then there is no point in purchasing this release . The music has not been remastered and you will be purchasing something you already own.Trent Reznor has asked NIN fans to avoid this release . In late 2010 Trent collaborated with UMe to release a remastered version of Pretty Hate Machine - you can easily find that release here on Amazon.Pretty Hate Machine
 Trent Reznor remastered and reissued his debut album `` Pretty Hate Machine '' last year , now for some strange reason it 's been reissued again . NOT by Trent Reznor who has no say in this !! He has even publicly stated his disapproval of this reissue.That 's all this is it 's just a reissue , it has n't been remastered so it still sounds like it 's 1989 original , the artwork is more or less the same , 2010 's reissue had complete new artwork done by Rob Sheridan and came in a fold out digi pack as opposed to the original jewel case . Nor does this version have the bonus track that was included in 2010 's reissue which is a cover of Queen 's `` Get Down Make Love '' . So while the songs are great and the album itself is brilliant and an important part of Nine Inch Nails history , this is not the version to be buying . This is the link to last years remastered versionPretty Hate Machine
 Just a ploy from the label to make a quick buck on just a cheap re-release not authorized by Trent Reznor . This morning , Reznor himself , tweeted to avoid this re-release . Buy the remastered copy by Trent or a vintage copy if you collect .
 You know , there are alot of NIN singles I really like . And when I read some of the reviews for this album , I thought `` Wow , this 'll be great . '' So I went out and bought it , listened to it , and stopped it after `` Sin '' . Besides the opening track and maybe `` Sin '' , the rest of the songs really are n't that great . The beat in `` Terrible Lie '' reminds me of `` Closer '' , however the actual song is alot worse . `` Down With It '' would be decent , but Trent had to ruin it by trying to rap , which really kills the song IMO . Anything after that really did n't catch my attention . Almost fell asleep during `` Sanctified '' and `` Something I Can Never Have '' so honestly , I ca n't really see where this is some breakthrough CD , nor can I see where I could even call it good . Maybe it gets better after `` Sin '' but my thoughts are if five out of the opening seven songs are n't that great , it wo n't matter how good the remaining three songs are . It wo n't make the CD worth it .
 all right . i ca n't believe i 'm typing this , since i consider myself as a pretty hefty nin fan . but i must speak the truth . i first purchased ` the downward spiral . ' loved it , thought it was great , unreal , incredibly creative . i grew hungry for more trent , so , i went on the search for fresh meat . purchased ` pretty hate machine . ' ah , what can i say ? the cover , if this is at all possible , depicts the content . see , it 's sort of hazy , the colors are a bit messy , the main image is pretty undeterminable . i think the problem lies in timing . this album was definetely representative of the times . in the early 90 's , the sound was surely new , exciting , unheard of . but now , in the late 90 's , well , it 's a bit . . odd . the lyrics ARE there , and you can sort of pick out , in certain songs and melodies , the path that trent would soon follow musically , but , the majority of the songs -LRB- exempting ` head like a hole ' and ` down in it ' , which is just plain cool -RRB- are either underdeveloped or over-tinkered with , whatever your perspective may be . it reminded me of the music soundtrack for an old nintendo game , perhaps some sort of racing competition . maybe simon , that vampire guy . now , before you pull the trigger at me , all i 'm saying is this . if you 're interested in buying some nin music , please please go for the downward spiral . pretty hate machine is on the whole nowhere near the broad , emotional scope downward spiral is . pretty hate is indeed a very honest , emotionally raw , but a bit too grinding , mechanical , and muddled album to represent how far nin can reach . this is just my personal , boring perspective , but i do consider pretty hate as a major prempt to the downward spiral .
 Agnst ? Try Nirvana , the The , The Cure , Frontline Assembly . You wo n't find it here . Anger ? Certainly not existential anger ; more like a tantrum to get attention -LRB- and $ $ $ -RRB- . The lyrics are silly and manipulative.NIN , along with bands like Bush , is the Spice Girls of what used to be `` alternative '' music . Inoffensive as background music , not much more .
 I bought this album a few years after it came out -LRB- I picked mine up in 1992 -RRB- , after Trent was on Lollapalooza , but before everyone in college had one of his T-shirts . I used to listen to it all the time , thought it was great , yaddah yaddah . Then , a couple of things changed my mind
 First of before sharing my thoughts for this album , i would like to say i am a NiN fan , i own all their 3 studio albums and their ep , and this is their only album which disapointed me , but why , why did it dissapoint me , well first off this album is very unoriginal when compared to their other albums , its to 80 's , its not even industrial its abrasive synth-pop , all the tracks sound the same , its not memorable like the other NiN albums , the production is stupidly overated and not that good , it does n't run chills down my spine like his previous albums , his lyrics are cheesy -LRB- on this album -RRB- , Trents anger is corny -LRB- compared to other albums by NiN -RRB- , to catchy and trendy -LRB- for its time -RRB- , etc , etc.Why not one star ??? Well `` Some Thing I Can Never Have '' is a passionate , emotional song with nice piano playing in the background with some sof synthes and `` Terrible Lie '' and `` Sin '' are great songs attacking religion . Otherwise the rest of the album is junk , listen to `` Only Time '' for a laugh . All in all , i say skip this , this album is nothing new and it just lacks creativity and the magic the other albums had . Get any other NiN album except this , i think `` The Downward Spiral is their best .
 NIN did tour with Skinny Puppy efore PHM was released , but it did n't work out and Skinny Puppy is listed as one of NIN 's influences in the allmusic guide . As for PHM itself , I really do n't care much for this album . The lyrics get annoying after a few listens -LRB- `` head like a hole , black as your soul , blah , blah '' -RRB- and it seems a bit dated IMO compared to other albums released at the time , like Ministry 's Land of Rape and Honey and Skinny Puppy 's Too Dark Park . I do n't even consider it `` industrial '' , more like abrasive synthpop . I suppose NIN fans will love it , but I 've moved on to other `` industrial '' bands , Front Line Assembly , Pig , and Wumpscut .
 If you 're a purist , you will hate Trent with a passion . He 's basically ripped off a genre that was creative 20 years before him . I expect in a year it will say 2 of 30 ppl found this helpful just like all the other rivetheads who are disgusted in this mans success . You kids make me sick , I guess the worlds just filled with sellouts who have no emotional connection to music or want anything unique or experimental , yeah NiN are perfect for you . Bite the hand that feeds sheep .
 It does n't take an industrial elitist to realize that Nine Inch Nails are a pretty lousy band/one-man project . Boring beats , sub-Depeche Mode synths , laughable attempts at sounding abrasive , Trent 's whiny , nasally , completely-lacking-in-presence vocals , and of course , the most GOD AWFUL lyrics ever committed to tape . It 's easy to see how everyone gets caught up in Mr. Reznor due to his undeniable talent for penning catchy hooks , but I constantly find myself bored to tears whenever I throw on Pretty Hate Machine.For a guy who supposedly has a serious Skinny Puppy fetish , his music sure sounds a whole lot like a slightly darker Depeche Mode . The DM comparison really ends there because they could at least pen some timeless tunes with superb vocals and memorable lyrics and without pseudo-gothic posturing , whereas Trent can claim none of the above . Many will give him credit for being something of a `` gateway drug '' to industrial , but he 's honestly about as industrial as Tears For Fears , especially with this album . I know it hurts , but remember when Ministry was a disposable , generic synth pop outfit ? This is exactly like that , except worse.For a good laugh , why do n't you check out some of the man 's `` lyrics '' on-line ? ... Makes Linkin Park look like T.S. Eliot , no?Though since I 'm trying to objective , I 'll have to give a bit of credit where it 's due . `` Head Like a Hole '' is still a great 90s anthem and `` Something I Can Never Have '' makes for some great atmosphere . `` Terrible Lie '' and `` Sin '' are decent offerings as well , and the catchiness of `` Down In It '' very nearly makes up for its goofiness.All in all , pick up some Skinny Puppy instead . Too Dark Park is the one everybody has , and for good reason . Or if you feel that your music collection is unforgivably incomplete without some NIN , at least pick up the Downward Spiral , easily his best work .
 Oh wow , like this is n't even MEDIOCRE angst ! Brush aside the question as to whether this puppy is industrial music or not , it 's God-awful . `` Head like a hole '' has trite lyrics -LRB- using the term loosely -RRB- . The rest of the cuts on this CD are worthless ; use the CD as a coaster for beer cans .
 I found it painful to the ears , spineless , and a waste of time to listen to . pathetic , boring , and yet just plain bad .
 ... All of this has been done before . This is not revolutionary . The only revolutionary thing that happened with this album is some industrial band finally sold out . Throbbing Gristle started this genre , not some ... like Reznor . If you want good industrial music , check out Foetus .
 No bonus tracks , or remastering . Trent Reznor , where are you at re-releasing this ?
 Introducing the world to Industrial music in 1988 , Pretty Hate Machine set the standard for the underlying trend of pop sensibility / depressing atmospheric sound NIN was about . However , this is NIN 's first album , and it definitely shows.The album spawned a couple of still-thriving radio hits in `` Head Like a Hole '' -LRB- a catchy synthesizer-driven ballad about how dollar signs can be the only things in peoples ' eyes sometimes -RRB- , `` Terrible Lie '' -LRB- an isolated , lonely song about being abandoned by God -RRB- , and `` Down in it '' -LRB- regretful song about being caught up in your own hubris -RRB- . Maybe I 'm just comparing this to Trent 's progressively darker material , but this album just is n't heavy at all . If you 're looking for that consult `` The Downward Spiral '' . This album is more about wallowing in misery than anything else and it comes off as too - what 's the word ? - foreign sounding ?? I do n't know maybe , youll get a different impression . Certainly not the best the NIN catalog has to offer .
 This is possibly the worst CD i have ev er bought . I am so disappointed that i feel like commiting suicide - it 's that pish ! Do n't buy this , buy Britney Spears !
 THIS CD IS THE WORST CD EVER . IT IS JUST A ONE MAN SHOW AND IT IS BAD .
 This is the cheesiest synthpop I have ever heard . The lyrics are about being mad about your girlfriend leaving you . Maybe thats why it 's so popular . In Reznor 's quest to become a celebrity he decided to appeal to stupid little piss-drunk high school kids who think losing their girlfriend is the end of the world . The synths are extremely simple and you can hardly hear them among Reznor 's whining . If Trent is so depressed he should kill himself instead of whining about it in his music . All NIN lyrics are FAKE . The guy just uses music to become a celebrity and have sex with girls . He releases an album every 5 years when he runs out of money and his lyrics are always filled with cheese . Depression is real . Trent 's depression is not real . He admitted it . Also , it 's tough to sympathize with the most preppy and popular kid in a middle-class high school . Yeah , this is great music , if you want cheesy pop . Great for 15 year olds who pretend to cut themselves because another weak minded relationship has ended . When I listen to this crap I want to vomit .
 First and foremost , this is a review written for those who are contemplating NIN , and have not yet experienced their many works in full or have done so in small quantity . It is not for the enthusiast , as he or she will be a little bit biased regarding this work.Of their three out-and-out , honest-to-music albums , this is , IMHO , either their third best or their first worst , depending on how positive or negative you are . A lot of the value of this album is down to the fact that it bridged the underworld of subculture industrial with mainstream pop ; and that in doing so it opened the minds of many people . And indeed , there 's elements of both worlds in this album . Though the outside is electronic and digital , though the words are gloomy and bleak , the songs are essentially pop songs in all its clich&eacute;d grandeur.At times , Reznor 's lyrics are laughable and comical , because they are written to be taken seriously . At others , they are beautiful and relaxing . `` Something I can never have '' is a beautiful song ; with its only fault being the `` Come on tell me '' lyric which devalues the time he spent writing the other lyrics just like so many other bands use of phrases like `` we know just who we are '' or rhyming `` girl '' with `` world '' devalue theirs . A bit nit-picky , I know , but its something that is important because such `` cheesy '' lines permeate this album . From `` Head like a hole '' to `` That 's what I get '' to `` Ringfinger '' , there 's enough there to pervert what so many NIN enthusiasts claim we should take seriously.For the die-hard fans , this is a great work because it was `` important '' and shows Reznor 's developing lyrical style as well as his creativity in the electronic field.For those who are not NIN enthusiasts or who do not appreciate them enough to get into their `` building '' works , this is a boring , stale and comical album . If you take it seriously , you 're damned . Which is awful considering how much time is spent building up this album as a serious work due to its `` gateway '' value.Two stars out of five . One because Reznor 's voise is beautiful and icredibly listenable , another because there 's some good songs on here . Three missing because of the way in which this album is overrated , its `` corny '' lyrics -LRB- at times -RRB- and its likewise stale music which -LRB- on occasion -RRB- makes one 's eyes role .
 I had a sabbatical from NIN since 95 or so , and only recently went back and gave everything of Trent 's a fresh listen . It 's amazing what the years can do ; `` Pretty Hate Machine '' sounds not so far removed from the minor-key boy band stuff . Very , very weak , poor lyrics and most of the production is farmed out to old studio pros instead of Reznor going at it himself like he does these days . Only tracks for me are `` Head Like a Hole '' and `` Down in It , '' both muscular examples of tech-rock . Out of all NIN I personally recommend `` Broken '' -- concise and to the point , never wears out its welcome .
 Pretty Hate machine was a great album , but this is not the version you want to buy.This was released by Trent 's old label as a simple easy money-maker . Do n't buy this . Instead get the Remastered version of the album that was actually produced by Trent and his crew .
 TLDR ; BASICALLY AN UNAUTHORIZED RELEASE.The NIN camp and Null Corporation remastered `` Pretty Hate Machine '' in 2010 and expanded the artwork . This UMVD Labels version -LRB- along with the Vinyl -RRB- was just put on the market to cash in on the popularity Null Co 's remastered `` Pretty Hate Machine '' . The remastered version is superior to the original version in terms of mastering , artwork , packaging , and even includes a remastered version of `` Get Down Make Love '' . Your purchase of the Null Corporation remastered version supports both Nine Inch Nails and Bicycle Records ; the company who fought to attain the rights to Pretty Hate Machine specifically to put the rights back into the hands of Nine Inch Nails.Even if you are a purist completist collector , you have a vested interest to NOT PURCHASE unauthorized and ethically fraudulent releases . You 're a fan for a reason . Why not support the artist instead of putting money into a release that was designed to do just the opposite of support this artist?Anyone who says the original CD mix is better , is out of their mind . : - -RRB- Anyone who says you should own this , does n't support Nine Inch Nails.Kindly and sincerely,-The ViirusHere is a link to the remastered version.Pretty Hate Machine
 Firstly , Nine inch Pales by comparison have nothing whatsoever to do with ` industrial ' . ` industrial ' is dark ambient , it nary has choruses , hooks etc. . Secondly , this is well arranged synthpop , it give this a 3/3 for music , although some of it is awfully dated . But the trite , awful lyrics . Oh dear . Found a weak spot . These sort of lyrics have inspired mildly depressed 14 year olds to dress silly and swear at attractive , functional people unlike myself . This is a soul-less man baring all , and revealing a void , filled with total stupid sloganeering , affected self-induced depression , mild despair amplified . Mr Reznor was a very popular , functional , artistic , gets dates type of person at high-school , there 's some background for you.-1 for the lyrics . So that 's 1-2 .
 Yes , this album is classic and we owe Trent a lot for being a genuinely talented musician , but more so for being poppy enough to generate interest in other industrial acts.The 4 good songs on here are good for the mix.But I dare anyone -LRB- who is n't a hot as Trent -RRB- to get up and read these lyrics in a coffee shop.I just DARE you.See if the most pathetic loser in earshot does n't laugh you off the stage.He gets better from here , but who knows if it was the practice or the Diva-Withdrawal that helped .
 This album did nothing groundbreaking except for to bring industrial music to the masses , but then again , this is n't even really industrial music , its more industrial pop , and other groups like Ministry and Nitzer Ebb were helping popularize industrial before PHM even . Nor did this define the industrial genre , the industrial genre was at large nowhere near as weak or corny as this album , and it is sad that this album represents industrial music to alot of people.Many people also cite this as one of the first industrial albums to use guitars too but it 's not either , Ministry and The Revolting Cocks were doing that much better , for several years beforehand , and basically every other Wax Trax ! artist was doing industrial in general better than Trent did on this album . Most other industrial did n't contain nearly as many cliche and bland lyrics as PHM either.It 's not bad , but the rap on `` Down In It '' in unintentionally hilarious , `` The Only Time '' is laughably bad , `` Head Like A Hole '' is not the amazing , punch of a track many seem to think it is , and the production sounds often weak . It is also one of the best examples of ultra-melodramatic , cheeseball goth industrial-lite / synth-pop at times.A few tracks , -LRB- `` Sanctified '' , `` Terrible Lie '' , `` Sin '' -LRB- althought the single version of ` Sin ' is ten times better -RRB- , `` Kinda ... '' and `` Ringfinger '' -RRB- are great , but really this is n't any better than any Ministry , RevCo , Nitzer Ebb , Depecche Mode , Skinny Puppy , Meat Beat Manifesto or any other similar artists ' albums . Trent fails by a long shot to improve on or to surpass these obvious influences . And this album does n't really stand out above any if many other industrial albums in the 14 years before it 's release when it comes down to it.So buy it if you like industrial , buy it if you 're a fan , just do n't expect a whole heaping lot of greatness .
 This release of Pretty Hate Machine is just a cash-in on the part of the record labels without any involvement of Trent Reznor himself . Trent has personally come out against this release . If you wish to buy Pretty Hate Machine , find the remastered version released last year and purchase that .
 Like Morcheeba , DIV have fallen off hard with their latest release . -LRB- You 've been warned
 * sigh * I 've listened to this again and again . . trying to find how people can like it . . and I ca n't . . it 's horribly awful . . and I have a high tolerance for all music ... bleh . . `` Dead Elvis '' is still one of my all-time fav cds out of hundreds . . but this cd is a HUGE disappoinment ... Dirge is good . . for 2min . . then you just want it to end . . the songs all lack the nice deep groove the first album had . . this is randomchaos ... hard to listen to . . and bad repeating vocals thrown in . . a few songs near the end start to be nice . . but run off and end quick ... I bought this cd for $ 18 the day it was released . . then found it for $ 3 a few days later used ... so now i have 2 poor copies . . -LRB- I felt bad for the used one -RRB- if you can get this cd for pocket change . . try it . . otherwise . . get Dead Elvis and hunt for better stuff ... Death in Vegas has left the building . . d = \
 Well I 've listened to the cd more and decided it is n't very good ... Dead Elvis is an incredible cd . . and i do n't know what happened to this one . . it 's much shorter and less `` funky '' then previous DiV work . . Dirge is ok for about 2 or 3 minutes . . then it 's annoying . . you 'll be disappointed if you really liked Dead Elvis . . this cd just has nothing worth listening to for very long ... oh well ... d = \
 This album is hyped all over the world , but I 'm still wondering why . I 've listened to it over and over and it seems to me that Death In Vegas are having a lack of ideas . The songs are way too long and this results in boredom . Iggy Pop 's voice on Aisha is terrific , but even Aisha gets boring after a few minutes . They 've put a lot of noise in this record , but I 'm afraid it is just to hide the weak spots . And there are plenty of those . It 's a shame .
 Lost
 The dynamic range on this CD drove me crazy . All of the intimate scenes are done at such a low volume , that you have to crank your player up to hear it at all . Then any fortissimo knocks you across the room . While it sounds like a very good performance , I found I had to keep my hand on the volume control the entire time . I even returned the CD and got another , thinking it was the pressing .
 This is rated one of the best if not the best performance of La Boheme but the fluctuation of the sound dynamics ruined it for me . In order to listen to this recording , you must constantly raise and lower the volume on your stereo . It would have been preferable and more pleasurable for me to have bought another performance of La Boheme rather than this one .
 Im sorry but I have listened to this over and over and I cant seem to appreciate the bad words . My son enjoyed it , until I took it away from him , bad descition because now he sings it all the time and makes fun of me . Please dont buy this cd unless you like bad words . ha he ha he
 ... of these pieces ... for some reason some of the recordings have a particularly dry sound -- `` Hora staccato '' and `` Valse scherzo '' sound like the bow was haired with sandpaper ... much better performances can be found elsewhere -- look for Michael Rabin and , of course , Heifetz .
 I wish I had read the reviews and seen that the DVD wo n't play on US DVD players . The seller and Amazon specifically omits this key piece of information and therefore is misrepresenting the product . Additionally , the CD case arrived smashed and cracked . At least the CDs play and the music is great , I just wish I could see the concert .
 Really bad cd ! I did n't even listen to the whole thing . My wife turned off the music after the first three songs
 I bought this CD with high expectations being a lover of both reggae and the Beatles . It has mediocre renditions at best . If you would like an excellent reggae tribute CD seek out Reggae Celebrates the Grateful Dead Vol 1 . It is not that easy to find but is well worth the effort . Vol 2 is easier to find although not quite as good as Vol 1 . But either one is still better than this CD .
 i thought i would like this album a lot more than i do . reggae and the beatles , but some of the songs come across as cheesy cruise ship covers . i really wanted to love it , but it is just ok
 First . The production sounds terrible . Second . The music sounds even worse . It has a very slick production sound that lends itself to bubble gum sort of music . Not Reggae . I thought it was a joke at first but it is not . We resold it after we bought it .
 Bought dis CD but sound like no regaae to me mon. . Sound like record company hype . Wish people go back to Roots and let jah be the provider . Clammy Clam , Hambo , Little Ras , give da good vibe but dem no here .
 I 'm a lover of Beatles music and I was very looked forwad to this album . But it 's bad , stupid and false muzak , not tribute to Beatles by good reggae band . It 's fault I bought it by Amazon . It 's mistake this `` music . ''
 This cd should be called `` Stay apart '' . Unknown artists singing forgettable music by a great group . I got this cd with the rest of the series and all I can say is THIS CD IS BORING ! Save your money . There are so many good Cdz on the market . Check out Peter Tosh or something good . The production is tinny also . Reminds me of a cheap car radio .
 AWFUL , AWFUL , AWFU
 It does n't help that when you get a DVD in the mail , that it 's unable to play in your DVD player , as did Mariah Careys DVD for me . I was n't able to play any of the DVD in my DVD player , and I 'm wondering if it 's a LEGIT copy or illegal , in that case ! It APPEARS as though it had been re-shrink wrapped and there was no book of sorts inside of it .
 Mariah Carey has long been looked at as one of my idols . I thought how she was doing something that she loved and did n't worry about having to `` lip sync '' , due to the fact she has a marvelous voice . I was wrong . Mariah Carey was obviously `` lip syncing '' in this video . All of the songs sound just as they did when they were released . I begining to think she has lost her confidence .
 This album lacked the emotional dance NRG `` Bobo '' sound . Instead , I recommend the songs `` Pray '' , `` Freedom '' , and `` Let the Dream Come True . ''
 i do n't know why Canada hypes this crew up so much . It sounds like they just copied everyone else . the Beatnuts song is good , though , cause of the Beatnuts . Yeah Juju and Les ! what a letdown
 I do n't get it . I just do n't get all the glowing reviews for this album . To me he just sounds like a latin Michael Bolton ... his vocals are strangulated . He sounds like he 's in agony all the time ... and the songs are nothing exceptional . I 'm sure he has a good voice , the parts where he sings softer , shows that , but why does he have to strain his voice to such an extent that I 'm sure he must burst a few blood vessels . I hope he never does a duet with Michael Bolton ... that would be torture .
 First off , I really ca n't believe that anyone would give this miserable recording anything than one star . In all fairness though there are some remarkable things on this set , but not enough to make it worth buying.Plasson is a good conductor , or at least the best french one we have at the moment , -LRB- compliment or sacrasm ? I 'll let you decide -RRB- . However , any sense of dramatic pacing seems to elude him . All the big moments just seem to pass by in a flash . Every important scene has just the same weight and drama as the most trivial . He has a good view of the whole picture , but not of the parts that make it up . Besides that he is a rather OK conductor , with perhaps tempo a bit too fast at times.I was a bit suprised by Studer . As of late she has been moving into heavier , more dramatic-soprano type roles . Here though she does a decent turn as Marguerite . My only complaints would be she does n't have much in the way of a trill & in softer passages she tends to let her singing get a bit loose.Leech makes a decent Faust , but in comparison with say , Gedda , he is totally blown out of the water . He does have a nice bright voice that is rather firm with no howled notes -LRB- Corelli -RRB- & a decent middle range . But on the whole his performance is so terribly bland that it ruins any enjoyment you could get out of his performance.Van Dam 's status as a bass-baritone seems to have gone to his , -LRB- or the producers -RRB- head . In no way is this a Mephistopheles voice . He can sing all the notes well enough & only runs into any sort of trouble on the lower-lying passages . But after hearing a true bass in this role -LRB- ie
 This is the WORST recording of Tosca you can buy ! I like Maria Callas , but this was not a role for her ! She screams the entire part and just sounds UGLY ! Gobbi as Scarpia is very boring ! Di Stafano is o.k. on this recording . If you want the BEST AND ONLY TOSCA GET THE KARAJAN VERSION WITH PRICE , TADDEI AND DI STAFANO ! Price sounds like a proud woman , and Di Stafano sounds incredible . Taddei will sind chills upon you as Scarpia . This is the best version , NOT the Callas one . I do n't know why so many people like it . It has nothing . The orchestra you can hardly enjoy . Karajan lets you hear every great note Puccini wrote without over doing it . Do your self a favor and STAY AWAY from this recording of one of my favorite opera 's .
 Maria screamed at all times , no pianissimis . The best Tosca is with Renata Tebaldi and Mario Del Monaco .
 I do n't care what others stated ... Sabata rushed the opera to fit the LP capability , Maria screamed at all times , no pianissimis , and everyone was super high charged like they must finish the recording on time to fit the album . Best Tosca is Maria Callas with Pretre recording . Do n't buy this mono recording . Maria did not understand who Tosca was during this moment .
 Why is n't the Great Recordings of the Century edition available at the Amazon domestic site?Never mind . Go the Amazon 's UK site and order this edition . Do no waist your time and money on EMI 's dreadful first attempt at remastering this recording . The newest edition is perfect , cheaper and treats the recording with the respect it desearves .
 I just bought this Tosca because of it 's fame . I have another Tosca with Caballe and I like it much better than this one . The reason ? Callas . I do n't like her voice . and she reminds me of those silence movies where everyone is overacting . Also the sound is not good either . but I am still going to keep it because the tenor is excellent , and better than any tenors we have today . I think two stars is very generous .
 I DO N'T KNOW WHY BUT THIS SET DOES NOT BRING TOSCA TO LIFE.CALLAS 'S VOICE IS UNSTEADY AND ALL THE OTHERS -LRB- EXCEPT FROM DESABATA -RRB- ARE JUST IMMATURE.I BEILEVE THAT TOSCA IS REVEALED IN THE 1965 CALLAS 'S RECORDING.IN THAT SET CALLAS SURPASSES HER SELF AND TITO GOBBI IS JUST ... UNSURPASSED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this to have a hard copy for archiving as well as to be able to make an mp3 version for portability . Unfortunately , while it will play on a standalone Blue-ray player it would not play on any of my three Win 7 64-bit PCs all of which have different brands of DVD R/W drives so it is not possible to do a direct conversion to mp3 . Also , this audio CD is made on demand using dye based blank CD-ROM media like we use at home , so its life span will be limited compared to regular audio CDs .
 Boy am I glad I waited for the U.S. release of this CD -LRB- $ 13 -RRB- and did n't pay $ 47 for it.I am an avid Larry Carlton fan and this was purported to be Larry 's Rock Album With Maverick Producer -- enough to make a Carlton 's fan 's day or week . It had me excited to the point that I inquired anxiously in Larry 's Web Site 's forum when it would be released in the U.S. and I waited and waited with bated breath . I bought `` Firewire '' even after reading the unfavorable reviews here , thinking that it was a matter of taste and that Larry was incapable of putting out a CD like ... well ... Firewire.How can this possibly be the same man who played , `` Do n't Take Me Alive '' ? The CD has a good number of guitar licks but that 's it . Larry seems obsessed with not indulging in rock 's inherent simplicity . Some of the best rock songs are three-chord productions , or variations on an interesting but simple theme . Apparenly he has forgotten that satisfying tension-release melodies sustained by a catchy riff are what rock is all about.The first six tracks are completely forgettable . `` Sunrise '' is a pleasant acoustic number , but saved rather by the lovely clean tone of the guitar than the quality of the composition . `` The Prince '' and `` Mean Street '' are supposed to be heavy rock numbers , with greasy wah-wah syncopations , but again the call/response licks try to avoid simplicity and be too clever and go nowhere.Larry 's best solo effort remains Saphire Blue , which is truly inspired . While Larry Carlton is great at complementing good rock composers with his comping and soloing , Firewire shows that as rock composer Larry is no Becker or Fagen.How can this possibly be the man who played `` Josie '' ?
 As a long-time Carlton fan - starting with his early work with the Crusaders and Steely Dan - I 've been excited and rewarded with every one of his new releases during the last 20-plus years . That 's why I snatched this CD up in an instant without the slightest need to preview any of the tracks . My mistake.If you enjoy Larry 's usual breezy , melodic , thoughful jazz style , whether in his solo endeavors or with the group Fourplay , you 'll be greatly disappointed with this effort.An uninspired , unfocused , unpolished mix of rough rock riffs , white-boy blues and very little jazz , this CD comes accross as a practice session from a group of musicians lost in a maze with no way out . Poorly engineered and lacking any decent production value , Fire Wire sounds like low-grade sandpaper scratching on vinyl . The back-up musicians are mediocre at best , with a drummer and bass player that rarely stray from a repetitive , simplistic and boring style.Larry highly praises his newly discovered producer in Svengali-like terms on the linear notes , which is a mystery to me . Where he found the idiot , I do n't know . But the guy should be fired and wired to a post as far away from a music studio as possible.I never though I 'd say this about a Larry Carlton CD ... but a big two thumbs down . YUK !
 Larry Carlton is one the the greatest electric guitarists of all time . He has added spice to countless recordings , and has recently produced one of my favorite albums -LRB- Sapphire Blue -RRB- . To me , his latest is frustrating , because it is a mix of a great track -LRB- Inkblot 11 -RRB- and a few less stellar but worthwhile tracks -LRB- Double Criss , Naked Truth , The Prince -RRB- mixed with uninspired music . For the uninitiated , get Sapphire Blue first . For the fan , get a download of Inkblot 11 and save some money .
 I 'm a big LC fan from way back before he departed the Jazz Crusaders . The problem with this CD is we have lost the best LC has to offer while he tries to reduce complexity just for the sake of it . Being a guitarist myself I have a funny rule . Even though I have played for decades and I still play regularly IF I can listen to a CD and know from the first listen how to play the song and/or licks myself I think it sucks . The beauty of LC is that he usually has me well stumped . Just not this time . LC has a great collection of music . If you are new to him as an artist I suggest you start with his CD called On Solid Ground .
 The cast is generally good , but this often-praised recording has some poorly-judged , overemphatic conducting from Rattle , including a truly ludicrous `` What You Want Wid Bess ? '' And the sound is all wrong for this piece ; it 's balanced in such a way that the words are often muffled or even inaudible . So this simply does n't do justice to Gershwin 's unique masterpiece . Get the RCA recording -LRB- conducted by John DeMain , with Donnie Ray Albert and Clamma Dale -RRB- , which is equally well sung but better conducted and recorded .
 Having spent years listening to various interpretations of Porgy and Bess , this one really grated on my nerves . The greatest problem is a mechanical singing style and operatic diction so muffled that , even though I know the libretto by heart , I ca n't understand what they are saying . Who could imagine that Sporting Life could be portrayed so soullessly , or that cripple Porgy could sound so muscular . This is the ` Porgy de juer , ' with three versions on the market . There are many other Porgy and Bess recordings . AVOID this one !
 My vinyl copy of Ralph Kirkpatrick has a picture of him playing a small keyboard instrument -LRB- Klavier ? -RRB- in a period drawing room , but is in fact all of Book 1 -LRB- on 2 vinyl 12 '' discs -RRB- on HARPSICHORD - a beautiful , rich , wooden harpsichord at that.In listening to the samples of this CD , it sounds a lot slower , and tinny , as if played on a aluminium-frame harpsichord - something that Dr Kirkpatrick was not in favour of from my reading.I wrote to Deutsche-Grammophon about them possibly re-releasing the harpsichord recordings of Dr Kirkpatrick playing Das Wohltemperierte Klavier that I have on vinyl -LRB- bit scratchy now -RRB- , but they said , `` As we have them for sale on Klavier , we wo n't be re-issuing the harpsichord recordings . '' That 's a shame , because the Clavier/Klavier sounds even worse than the tinny recordings here - it sounds like some cheap early-model Casio `` Clavier '' setting.Ah well , I 'll keep searching and see if Amazon has Gustav Leonhardt or Virginia Black , or Ursula Duetschler on harpsichord . -LRB- I 've owned the RCA 1950s Wanda Landowska recordings and they 're almost as tinny as these . -RRB-
 Music is a very subjective thing , and my fellow Arlingtonite liked this release , but I thought it was horrible . The editorial review mentions `` blues and soul '' and `` rock . '' This cd has none of those , and I mean NONE . I love Vernon Reid and Living Colour , too , which is the only reason I took a chance on this release , and you would n't even know he is even on it . You can barely hear any guitar . If you like techno , then you may like this , if you like Vernon Reid , do n't even bother . This is a complete waste of cd space .
 I recently borrowed a copy of this Klemperer/Ludwig version of `` Fidelio '' to see if it was worth owning . I 'd seen a video of `` Fidelio '' several years ago , -LRB- I do n't remember who conducted it -RRB- and remember liking it . But listening to Klemperer 's , I was no longer sure . Klemperer , for whom I often have respect , made the Overture sound repetitive and stale . When the singers came in , the orchestra was drowned out , with the voices dominating . Christa Ludwig , whom I usually enjoy for her mellow richness , sounded shrill in this role . The sound quality was also rather flat , with a constant tape hiss . I frankly expected this recording to be much better.Deciding to compare versions just to make sure whether I even liked the opera itself , I downloaded `` Mir ist so wunderbar , '' of the Karajan/Dernesch version . I closed my eyes in satisfaction and shook my head . Now THAT is how an opera should be played , I said to myself . I ended up downloading the whole thing.To compare these two versions is almost like comparing canned food to something fresh and gourmet . Canned food may be necessary in a pinch , but it 'll always taste canned . To me , that 's what this version is like compared to the depth , richness , and exquisite vivacity of Karajan 's .
 The Bruckner Seventh is a front-heavy symphony
 As much as I respect Callas -LRB- and I 've also mentioned this in some of my other reviews -RRB- , she is not the ideal Puccinian soprano . She is really good in some Verdi operas but she 's not the best choice for the Puccini ones . Especially in the famous aria `` Mi Chiamano Mimi '' she is REALLY AWFULL . She takes gasps all the time and does not perfectly finish a sentence -LRB- listen to `` e in cielo '' -RRB- . And it is a pity if you 're going to buy La Boheme -LRB- one of my most beloved operas -RRB- and not have one of the best recordings -LRB- allthough here Di Stefano and Moffo are very good , thus the 2stars -RRB- . My favourite recording is the one with Renata Tebaldi and Carlo Bergonzi but there are other ones also quite good -LRB- though not equally good to the Tebaldi set -RRB- . Take my advice , do n't choose for Callas as Mimi , YOU 'LL BE SORRY!If you really want to FEEL PUCCINI -LRB- and we know that Puccini is all about feelings -RRB- buy the Tebaldi edition or another one!NOT CALLAS !
 ok but 16.98 ? complete ? there are a lot better versions that include an extra concert or two for much more reasonable prices .
 This has to be the absolute worst interpretation of `` The Four seasons '' I have ever heard . Kennedy just rushes through everything isntead of slowing to savor it ; I get the sense of zooming through it . He plays way way way too fast for me to enjoy it at all , and while he says in the liner notesabout color and imagery , he plays way too fast for me to hear anything . Very disappointing .
 I ca n't fathom why some would praise this particular performance so highly when it is singularly one of the worst performances and misinterpretations of this lyrical Italian Baroque piece presently in the repertoire in terms of both solo and orchestral apects . This is a lyrical piece depicting pastoral images of the seasons with sheperds , peasant dances , and storms , and therefore one of the most technically demanding for a solo violinist . Kennedy has absolutely no talent , method , or discipline for both his interpretation and performance of this piece . Ouch ! Although he pretends to , Kennedy essentially has no idea what he is playing and it 's painful to hear his confusion ! Is it an Italian Baroque lyrical piece ? A Scottish dance ? An Irish jig ? Who knows ?! All I know is it hurts enough hearing it not to mention listening to it.Besides the orchestral interpretations such as Karajan 's or those with vituosos such as Perlman , I have n't heard many Baroque interpretations besides I Musici di Roma 's that sound any good in traditional performances either outside of Salvatore Acardo 's with I Solisti delle Settimane Musicali di Napoli and those of a few other Italian groups primarily . The only singularly outstanding performance I can think of is Pina Carmirelli 's 1982 performance with I Musici Di Roma . Although I Musici breaks some Italian Baroque traditions for Italian Romantic ones , they are minor and the group have been the best in their class for 50 years and praised by greats such as Toscanini for being singularly the best Baroque chamber group in the world . In addition to their Italian traditions in performance and as with Acardo 's performance , they also play only on Stradivari instruments that other Baroque groups rarely ever play solo and even less in quantities . I do n't know too much about Kennedy 's formal training and practice -LRB- if any -RRB- , but from the sound of it , it does n't seem to me that he has ever played a Stradivrarius or that he could even if he had one in his hands and tried his best . He would then at least in this way be close to par with just the average professional classical lead violinists out there which he is not . I will therefore not talk in detail of his comparison to virtuosos whose worst renditions of this piece still sound epic in comparison to Kennedy 's ` spellbinding ' performance.Kennedy 's performance is definitely the very bottom of the performance pit for this piece by any standard and one I would never personally recommend to a friend as I would consider such a thing to be auditory torture . To shoppers generally unfamiliar with classical music performance , I tell you that you are shopping in the basement now looking into the disposal bins as far as this piece or classical violinists . There are also many basement floors for interpretations of this work before you get to the top which is the only place you 'll find the prized performances you desire and deserve for your money . In addition , you will there find selections in talent by the only competent artists who can even come close to properly performing this vigorous and demanding lyrical piece . What you will not find up there is mediocrity appearing talented which is what you have with this performance ! There 's a big difference believe me . With probably no more than ten epic performances of this piece , this performance would probably not make it anywhere near even the top 100 and I 'm in all likelihood seriously underestimating in this assumption .
 I dont know what is wrong with all you people . This CD is Nothing like Ferry Corsten , and it is NOT Trance music ! I guess i have different values for Trance , and I always looked up to Ferry 's unique nice melodic Trance sounds which is not present on this CD . Sweet SOrrow , I love you , Ligaya , now those were the true sounds !
 While I admire the work of Maria Callas , this is ONE opera she should never have done . Nothing could be further from the composer 's intent than this recording . Callas has no emotion on the emotional parts , and puts in fortissimo , where it is not called for . Do n't get me wrong , there are just better BUTTERFLYs out there , my suggestion is to get one !
 The best Butterfly is Freni/Pavarotti by far . Callas sounds old and tired . It is not one of her great roles.Also , the sound quality is atrocious .
 Callas is wonderful in Verdi -LRB- Macbeth -RRB- , good in Bellini -LRB- La Sonnambula -RRB- but really awful in Puccini.Not a single Puccinian role that she has performed has satisfied me.From Tosca to La Boheme -LRB- her worst -RRB- . Puccini is all about emotions and this demands beautiful voice not shouting.Yes , acting is important but overacting is not.Callas as Butterfly is one more proof of the above.The best Butterflies are De Los Angeles , Tebaldi , Scotto.Anyone of these three will surely satisfy everyone who wants to feel Puccini .
 I did n't like it . The song was n't one I liked , none of them were .
 You would think they would have something to draw attention of the toddlers , but it is crazy . Do n't know how anyone could watch it !!!!
 I had high hopes for this product , until I witnessed my child 's underwhelming reaction to it . He did n't even make it through the tape once . I do n't know why this is . His favorite nursery rhyme video is `` Singing Babies Nursery Rhyme Time . '' In this video , the babies look like they are singing the songs . Perhaps this added element is what captivates my son . Afterall , babies do love to look at other babies . In short , pass on `` Baby Genius . '' I wish I had .
 At least Mrs Callas was aware that she was unsuitable for the role and never sang it on stage . If Callas was so great in understanding a role , why does her Manon Lescaut sound as if she is singing Verdi or Bellini ? She should have been informed that Puccini is all about feelings and a bit warmth in the voice would n't harm anyone . This opera is not a good choice if someone wants to experience the magic of Maria Callas . Callas as Lady Mackbeth and perhaps Norma yes , but not in Puccinian roles.Di Stefano is indeed a marvellous tenor but this opera demands safe high notes and he sounds a bit strained to me on the upper register . The only reasons to buy this edition of Puccini 's first big success is T.Serafin 's wonderful conducting and the Lescaut of the cast.I strongly recommend the Tebaldi/Del Monaco version in order to realise how this opera is supposed to sound . Both Tebaldi and Del Monaco are in supreme vocal shape and give stunning performances . Why be content with Callas ' bad version when one can have perfection .
 There are always two kinds of pianists in this world . The ones , prodigiously talented , praised by critics and satisfied with themselves , never question what they are doing , therefore stuck in one place without ever reaching depth of music making which can stand test of time . -LRB- Kissin , Ashkenazy , Argerich etc -RRB- The others who keep asking questions and aspire to reach higher realm of music making , trying to capture fleeting moment of the divine . -LRB- Richter , Rubinstein , Pogorelich , Volodos etc -RRB- To me Hewitt belongs to the former . The elegance , fluency and subtlety of her playing are admirable enough , but that 's all there is . Her recordings and her live performances Bach give me the impression that she is just content scratching surface of the music despite her refined style . Pretty playing but not for me .
 I returned the CD because it did n't play . The seller ImportCDs gave me instructions for returning the CD , which I followed . When I questioned them as to why they did n't return my money , they demanded a confirmation number which I did n't have because they did n't tell me I needed to return the CD registered mail . They never refunded my money .
 I have not received the item that I ordered April 30,2010 . I keep tracking it and it never seems to leave Bell , Ca . As of right now I 'm not at all happy .
 My taste in music has changed alot since the first Boyz II Men CD came out . However I 've never stopped being a big fan of the group . I consider them to be one of the best vocal groups in the history of R&B ; , Soul , and Acappella music . That being said , Winter Reflections has to be one of the worst releases the group has ever put out.The opening track begins with a delicate , intricate harmony line with minimal accompaniment that 's so well done it makes you wonder how they 'll ever top it later in the song . Sadly , they do n't top it later in the song , the song just drags on for a long , boring while and ends . Much like many of the other tracks here.There is a standout track in the group 's cover of `` God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen '' . The Boyz manage to find the perfect blend of the song 's traditional classical arrangement and more modern , soulful vocal gymnastics . The tone of the song is playful and yet captivating and complex , a great example of how outstanding musicians can make a challenging arrangement seem easy.Still , one great track ca n't save the whole CD . I practically had to force myself to listen all the way through the album on my first try . Lately I 've taken to skipping through the songs to get to the few good parts . Something I 've never had to do with a Boyz II Men release before.Ultimately this CD comes off as a lazy effort by the guys . From the many soft baritone lead vocals -LRB- that are far too loud in the mix ironically -RRB- to the backing tracks being too basic and sterile Winter Reflections just feels uninspired . Floating , whispery , dream-like background harmonies that drift in and our of our discernable soundscape are old hat for this group . They have mastered the form and yet their use of that technique here lacks character and seems merely like an attempt to fill the empty soundspace left by their spartan backing tracks.Contrast these things with a release like Boyz II Men 's other holiday CD `` Christmas Interpretations '' and the defects I 've mentioned become glaringly obvious . Where Winter Reflections largely comes across as bored musicians making boring music , Christmas Interpretations is joyous and energetic , even in it 's slowest , most hushed and solemn moments . The backing tracks , harmonies , and lyrics all seem to be coming from people who are truly inspired and enjoying what they 're putting out to the world . In comparison one begins to wonder if the group is getting jaded when one listens to Winter Reflections.Really I can only reccommend this CD for the die hard fans and collectors who simply must have a complete BIIM discography on their shelves . For anyone looking for an collection of holiday music from Boyz II Men that will compliment the season , never get old , give you the warm fuzzies , AND awe you with every listen I 'd steer clear of Reflections and go with Christmas Interpretations ... and maybe just DL their God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen track :-RRB- .
 Source
 i ca n't believe she has the nerve to sing this . Screaming as if she was being attacked .
 Well , Trey gun is a master of craft , technicly very good musician , but this suonds much like Fripp -LRB- you know , frippertronics , soundscapes , duets with adrian on Discipline -RRB- , and not in a good way , in fact , it even gets quite boring at times . Track one , and the title track , seem very interesting , and obviously provide a basis , the rest is predictable , and , then the last track , well Iknew that King crimson also means Baalzebub , but this is just too much , interesting voice though , but tooo dark , even sounds pretty much evil , you know stuff that scares children , and most adults -LRB- if it doesnt make them laugh -RRB- . Sorry Trey , two stars , listening to the DGM catalogue , first album sounds better .
 My son is 10 months and has been listening/watching Baby Genius since he was 2 months . He loves Mozart and Friends and Sleepytime so we were shocked when he cried when we put in Four Seasons . He will have nothing to do with it ; maybe Vivaldi is a little intense for him right now .
 being such a huge fan of sy , i was intrigued by the first dics of this series and was happy to see a second . too bad it did not last . i am not sure what this is . it is noisy but in a sleepy way . it is sy style rock meets orchestra stle format but i find it non-directional , senseless and quite boring . there are no lyrics and the music does NOT stand on its own enough to keep you interested . this album is a mess of all over the place music and horrible uselessness . and sy used to be so good .
 She waited to record this role until her french was good enough -LRB- or so she said -RRB- . She was also worried that critics would complain she 'd lost her top notes . Shame she worried so much about what others thought as this recording came way too late in her career . The noticeable break in her register makes it sound as if two women are portraying the lead role , and she 's curiously cool in temperament for such a role . She is at a disadvantage not having performed the role on stage , although Leontyne Price overcame that obstacle in her recording with Von Karajan . Pretre 's conducting is unremarkable which leaves us to marvel at the beautiful Don Jose of Nicolai Gedda . But he 's heard to better advantage on Beecham 's recording with De Los Angeles . Her interpretation though a bit cool itself , still makes me hear her as an intelligent but tragic and temperamental woman . The recording is clear and bright but a bit distorted in climaxes . I 'm no fan of Callas but I respect and admire her work and enjoy several of her recordings . This however , is one I 'm trading in.There are too many superior alternatives to recommend this recording . Beecham/de los Angeles , Karajan/Price , Abbado/Berganza , Solti/Troyanos , and even Bernstein 's most theatrical Met version with Horne and McCracken all offer much greater listening pleasure and sense of drama .
 But all means get the Rise Stevens Carman . This one is awful sound , you ca n't even hear the diva . And she sound old and tired . I 'm a big fan of Carman . And this one is the worst .
 I much prefer the Rise Steven Carman . Callas is a soprano trying to push her mooning voice and poor frence into a role unsuitable for her . She should leave the mezzo role for far superior divas like Stevens and Horne.Again , tell me , what 's the fuss ???
 Maybe I just do n't get it but I fail to see the attraction of this set . As an ardent Callas supporter I just can not come to terms with this recording . For various reasons ; Callas ' voice was by 1964 only a shaddow of its former self . There is a very unpleasant beat in her upper notes and in her lower register there is an intrusive wobble . Gedda described it in his autobiography - after having sung her praises - that by the time she recorded Carmen she sang `` as if she had a potato in her mouth '' . Compare her singing to any of the sets produced in the 1950s and you will notice that by 1964 she had lost control of that instrument that she used to master better than any . `` Involvement '' , yes , there is involvement but what good is it when the voice is in deplorable condition ? As a result she `` mouthes '' many of her phrases when she should be singing them . Victoria de Los Angeles is also very much involved on the famous Beecham set , her voice is in impeccable condition , her French diction is to my ear faultless and the standard of all the protagonists , including Gedda , and the conducting far superior to what you find on the Callas set . Pretre 's conducting is a middle-of-the-road kinda affair -LRB- and that road is according to Arnold Schonberg the only road that never leads to Rome -RRB- , the kind of conducting that you find on many recordings nowadays -LRB- Maazel 's , Lombard 's , Ozawa 's -RRB- but certainly not with the elan of Thomas Beecham.Ok , Callas ' voice was always ugly , but when she mastered it - and she surely did in the 50 's - she was captivating , moving , breathtaking to a degree where you had to get involved as a listener . Her singing made you see the action on stage , it was all there in the singing . Carmen she never sang on stage but with her ability there is no question she would have made an excellent job of it when she was in her prime . In 1964 there was very little left . I can not think of any other recording of any other work where a singer the voice being in such bad condition was still allowed .
 Unfortunately for these singers , at least in this recording , good voices are required for good opera . Although Taddei -LRB- Leporello -RRB- and Schwarzkopf -LRB- Donna Elvira -RRB- have voices and expressive talent , the rest of the cast falls short . Giovanni 's light baritone is ill-suited for the role , Masetto is run-of-the-mill , and Il Commendatore sounds like an extremely old man speaking his part on pitch . For your money , there are other CDs to buy .
 Il Disoluto Punito -LRB- ossia Il Don Giovanni -RRB- is by far my favorite opera . Having seen many live performances and heard many other recording of Mozart 's -LRB- arguably -RRB- greatest masterpiest , I would have to say that this recording is far too overrated . I suggest giving another recording a try -LRB- Solti , Karajan , or the OLD 60 's Guilini with Sesto Bruscantini as Leporello if you can find it -RRB- . A medium-sized problem seems to lie in the tempi . What 's the rush all about in the opening of the Dinner Scene ? I have in my posession a 1960 's recording of the same opera also under the baton of Giulini , and his tempos did n't seem so fast there . The tempos he chooses for the present recording -LRB- a remastering -RRB- rather contributes to monotony.The 1960 's recording I have casts Sesto Bruscantini in the role of Leporello , Sena Jurinac in the role of Elvira , Janowicz in the roll of Anna and Ghaurov in the title role . I DO favor Schwartzkopf and Sutherland over Jurinac and Janowicz , but the Leporello in the new recording a hardly buffo compared to Bruscantini or even Furlanetto . The title role in this new , remastered recording is hardly convincing , lacking all the charactaristics one might traditionally expect . Waechter 's Don Giovanni is at times , too nasal and seems to fit more into the role of Masetto . Waechter makes us want a Don Giovanni sung by a Bryn Terfel or Samuel Ramey . Zerlina and Masetto also fail to impress.The biggest dissapointment is the Commendatore . He is just hardly the imposing figure that we hear in the OLDER Giulini recording -LRB- with Jurinac , Bruscantini , etc. -RRB- The Commander 's Italian pronunciation of vowels is just plain bad . When he barges in Don Giovanni 's dinner party and exclaims `` Don Giovanni , a cenar teco '' it seems more COMIC than dramatic . This scene is probably the most famous scene in all opera , and seeing the dominant figure sing more like someone from a tasteless , comic musical made me want skip the remaining 15 minutes of the entire opera and listen to another interpretation instead . Compare it to the Commendatore in Sir Colin Davis ' version - A very projectile bass with voice that is seemigly aged but powerful , which is perfect for the role of the ghost Commander . Solti 's Commander attemts a more ghostly and spooky figure which is just a thrill to listen to.I would not reccomend this recording unless you were a collector of recordings of Don Giovanni . With ten or more recordings of this work -LRB- some of the best have been unfortunately out of print for years -RRB- I ca n't make this Giulini recording a standard at all . Instead I BEG of you to consider Sir Colin Davis ' recording on the Philips Complete Mozart Edition.When hearing other recordings compared to this Giulini remastering , you 'll see how overrated it really is .
 I usually do n't think this Don Giovanni worths only one-star but past reviews are too overrated so I decided to give rather severe point . Without doubt , opera is a total work and therefore we should be careful to judge the value . I have no complaint in sigers ' achievements but conductor should have provided more smoothness and power in this work . If I have to pick Don Giovanni , I would choose either Klempeler -LRB- in fact , he was supposed to conduct this CD -RRB- or Karajan . Both have quite different tempo so you should choose whichever you like but , regardless of your choice , you 'll never regret . Opera is not a ensemble contest -LRB- though it is important -RRB- . It is a total work so you should pick conductors who have firm claims in their work . In most case , Giulini -LRB- also Solti -RRB- lacks this point .
 Unless you are a diehard total opera fanatic , I recommend the highlights version of this Giulini version . The singers are superb , the sound is great for the period , the orchestra is great - but . Two discs worth of recititavo for less than one discs worth of really beautiful arias and duets , etc. simply is n't worth the price . Calling this the greatest opera is a stretch - must be a Mozart lover . Bellini 's Norma and Donizetti 's Lucia with either Sutherland -LRB- where she has much more extensive parts to display her lovely , incomprehensible voice -RRB- or Callas are far better , along with many Verdi works . Don Giovanni is a massive work , but melodious content is a small part of it . Good story - some great singing - all of it on the highlights disc .
 Old style singing . Over reaction . Too light voice to be Don Giovanni -LRB- I could n't stop laughing at the last scene -RRB- . Bad tempo -LRB- sometime too sluggish , sometime too light -RRB- . In sum , wake up people , it 's not 60s anymore ! The best Don Giovanni available is Karajan 's one . Such a powerful , beautiful and excellent singers .
 Bellini is beautiful . Why are you ruining his bel canto beauty by shouting and screaming and ignoring the lovely lines and coloratura.This is supposed to be your best role ? I 'll rather listen to Ethel Merman . Norma is bel canto , not belt canto .
 This is good , but not great . The deutekom/troyanos is the best there is .
 This Norma is not as good as the Caballe/Vickers , Sutherland/Horne , and Deutekom/Troyanos , and even the Sutherland/Caballe one.Simply , Callas does not have the voice to sing Norma , Period!This is all hype . None of you ever heard Callas live . These recordings are made to make her sound as good as possible . I 've heard her and she is extremely inconsistant . In one Lucia , she cracked on three high notes.What we have here are a few samples in which Callas got lucky and sang relatively decent performance . While in life , she is good about once in ten , at least.But her stage presence , and the lack of super talents in her period made her memory great.She is ordinary stuff . And that is the truth.Try giving some of today 's artists like Renee Fleming , a voice recorded to sound as she really sounds on stage . Not fabricated to cover Callas 's hugh scratchy sound and pitched high notes .
 I purchased this album recently , after I read the reviews about it . Glowing reviews praising the technical achievement of reworking Chopin 's Etudes . Etudes that are some of the most profoundly beautiful music ever composed . This album truly destroys any sense of beauty these pieces possess.Reading the inside booklet , the author diffuses the idea that Godowsky was attempting to improve the Etudes . Yet , Godowsky WAS attempting to `` improve '' the lefthanded `` deficiencies '' in Chopin 's pieces . Deficiencies ?? There is nothing wrong with the lefthand composition by Chopin . I find very notion laughable , the idea of somebody questioning the compositions of a man credited with being the greatest piano composer to ever live.Other whimsical comments made are shots at how this is more techincally daunting than anything Liszt would have ever thought . Please . Liszt 's Paganini 's Etudes are a study in technical genius and melodic brilliance . While these discs require virtuosity beyond the ability of most any pianist , they lack soul.This album just is n't worth your $ ... if you also enjoy Chopin 's Etudes . The music is muddled with added melodies and notes , shadowing the original context of the pieces . Like I said , soulless .
 If you are a casual fan , ignore these reviews
 As a seasoned musician , all those who compare Mario to the next Michael Jackson are out of their minds . If Mario was smart , he would have continued in the competition and never allowed this team of distributors to make a name for him . He will be a one hit wonder without the promotion of a management company that knows there stuff . This is second rate and NO group will ever clain they are the `` second Santana . '' Cheeze . . save your money .
 This Cd came into my way accidentally in a friend 's house . It 's glam in its worse performance , going from the cover artwork to the music itself . Well , there are people who like songs like `` After the Rain '' , bu the question is
 Enjoyed the interpretation and the casting of the voices . It 's too bad that Karajan was n't in his prime when our recording technology had advanced.I 'm an aspiring opera composer who bought the score , and agree with one reviewer that this is probably not the best choice to study by since substantial sections have been seriously slashed -LRB- Act I and Act III especially -RRB- . -LRB- You may begin to doubt your score reading abilities , but do n't worry , there are substantial cuts . -RRB- Students will also probably notice the intended `` meshed '' orchestral sound -LRB- popular in recordings in the 50 's -RRB- which does n't allow individual instruments to sing out except during obvious solo parts . This can be especially frustrating when trying to understand Strauss ' use of instruments and his genius behind the orchestration.Two final criticisms I have concern diction and remastering.I know the singers are supposed to be using `` Weiner '' accents , but I think some of the German diction is even more atrocious than the librettist intended . -LRB- Karajan , where were you to advise ? -RRB- And concerning the remastering , there are noticeable skips in recording levels and quality.Overall , for a historical performer/conductor experience , this CD is a must , but for a nuts and bolts study , I 'd suggest spending the extra bucks on a more recent recording .
 How anyone can listen to Bel Canto sung by a singer with a hollow voice I 'll never understand . Bel canto is Italian for beautiful singing ! Callas was the greatest Tosca of our time , but Puritani requires the greatest technique and lot 's of high notes , an area that Callas lacks . For a recording that shows the true art of bel canto , look to the 1960 recording of Puritani with Joan Sutherland . Recorded in her prime , Sutherland 's performance is nothing short of phenomenal
 Get Sills ' or Sutherland 's recordings of this opera . Callas is awful . She simplifies the coloratura . Her voice is just not pretty , even though this was recorded in her prime . Sills sang coloratura better than Callas and was just as expressive . Her trill is much better than Callas ' , whose trill is a carefully controlled wobble . Sutherland has a far more beautiful voice than Callas . The sound of this recording is mono , not very good mono at that . The score is cut to shreds.Callas is overrated . Giussepe di Stefano is awful in Arturo 's music . He ca n't reach the top notes without strain . His excessive emoting is more appropriate for verismo than for bel canto.Both Sills ' studio recording and Sutherland 's two studio recordings are better buys . Sills ' recording and Sutherland 's second studio recording are both complete and have excellent sound .
 In 2003 , actress/pop starlet Mandy Moore stunned the musical world by releasing a solid , mature covers album -- wow , it was , like , so different from the forgettable bubblegum she had released in order to get her foot in the door . That makes `` Best Of '' a deceptive title for this tepid gooey collection.The first several tracks are the aforementioned bubblegum , generally cloying pop tunes that express teen longing and adoration , such as `` Candy '' and `` Walk Me Home . '' The fluffiness of these songs is not helped by Moore 's vocals -- while she has a good voice , she sounds very young in the early songs . A few soundtrack songs are tacked in , such as the competant `` Only Hope '' -LRB- from her screen debut `` A Walk To Remember '' -RRB- and pleasant `` Secret Love '' -LRB- from `` Mona Lisa Smile '' -RRB- . But things perk up when Moore 's `` Coverage '' songs come on -- she sounds smoother , more assured , and far more mature . The songs are covers of songs by Todd Rundgren -LRB- `` Can We Still Be Friends ? '' -RRB- , XTC -LRB- `` Senses Working Overtime '' -RRB- , Carly Simon -LRB- `` I Feel The Earth Move '' -RRB- and Joe Cocker -LRB- `` Have a Little Faith In Me . '' She retains the `` feel '' of the original , while shifting her vocals from mellow to rock-ish , depending on what the song needs.There is also an accompanying DVD , which includes several of Moore 's music videos . The good thing is that we have some live footage of Moore singing `` Drop the Pilot , '' `` Have A Little Faith In Me , '' `` Moonshadow , '' and `` Can We Still Be Friends . '' The bad thing is that the music videos for soppy teenpop like `` Cry '' is also on the DVD.Moore is a good singer , there 's no question about that -- she has some very good musical taste and vocal talent , and she does justice to the songs she covers . But unfortunately this collection appears to be a last minute cash in , since she left Sony in the past year . At least `` Best Of '' shows just how much Moore has grown as a singer.The early pop is virtually unlistenable -- as sugary and lightweight as a giant wad of cotton candy , with songwriting that could have been churned out of the Big Generic Love Song Machine . And while Moore did not make the songs on the second half , she chose well-written classic rock and pop songs by respected musicians.Moore 's vocals also grow up in the most recent songs . In songs like `` Candy '' and `` Crush , '' she sounds like what she was -- a teenage girl whose voice had n't fully matured yet . But in the most recent songs , Moore 's voice has a richer sound and wider range . And she puts plenty of passion into her vocal delivery , something that is definitely lacking in the early songs . Since Moore reportedly detests her first few CDs , it 's not surprising . `` Best Of '' is definitely a lie . While it has a few tracks of Mandy Moore 's that are well-done , the main focus is on the gooey love ballads done years ago . Here 's hoping that a few albums down the road , Moore can put out a true `` Best Of '' album .
 Callas should have known that just because she could act the part does n't mean she could sing it ... I will say -- if you want to hear verdi at the hands of a great soprano -- LIsten to Leontyne Price -- she is the ONE and ONLY Verdi Soprano -- Callas was not cut out to hang with her in this rep -- stick to Bel canto callas
 This CD is all in another language . It is not JUDE as we know him . It is JUDE , and asian rock group ! I bought one and regretted it .
 First of all , let me make it clear that I am a HUGE fan of Timi Yuro , and have been waiting 19 years -LRB- since I bought my first cd player -RRB- for her albums to appear on CD . She did n't come close to getting the credit she deserved as an artist . I was really looking forward to this CD , it even included one of my favorite songs , CRAZY , and was an album I was not familiar with . I regret to say that this album does not even come close to working . The combination of her voice , interpretation , orchestration , arrangements , and mostly songs that are not very good , simply do n't work together.Now that she has passed away , I hear that RPM Records is finally going to issue her albums on CD . It appears my 19 year wait may be over .
 aAa s s s s s s s s s s
 r u guyz sure u gave me the right album ?? this sounds nothing like Jel .
 As someone mentioned earlier I must be apart of the LS bandwagon as he called it . I see it more apart of the good music bandwagon . When I was introduced to LS I heard the rerelease of Reborn and loved it . From there I got Inhabit and did not like it much . Musically the CD is good , but I do n't like the vocals really at all . DJ does not have the power or intensity that makes a good screamer . After I heard this CD I got Hammering Process and Conceived in Fire and love them both . I will not buy another CD with DJ on it because it 's just not as good as recent LS . Being original does not make you good !!!
 Let me just start off by saying that Living Sacrifice has to be one of the best Hardcore bands ever ! Their music , and Christian message is just plain awesome ! However , before their newest CD `` Reborn '' , they were n't quite as good . While the instrumental part of this CD is just awesome , the vocals are a candidate for the worst I 've ever heard . I think they fired the lead singer after this album , because they have a different one on Reborn . The lead singer on this album does n't even sing , he just pretty much talks in an extremely deep voice . It almost sounds like he 's trying to hack up a hairball or something . It 's that bad ! Save your money .
 Personally I thought that Reborn was the best CD that Living Sacrifice has ever done and with this new guy `` singing '' on Inhabit , it 's just not working . The guy that sang on the old CD done a lot better than the guy that is with them now . So , Do n't nuy this CD unless you want to here a person who is talking/screaming at a extremely low voice .
 Lesson One
 The 1962 live Price/Corelli set also with Karajan is the finest Trovatore out there.Leontyne Price in 1962 had a glorious voice that had a throbbing vibrato that matches Corelli 's . Both were power singers and the most thrilling Leonora/Manrico imaginable.Callas can not touch Price . She simple is not comfortable at the flowing vocal lines or the high D flat in Leonora 's great aria `` D'amor sul ali rosee '' . The Callas set is a huge disappointment for me.Trust me , the Price/Corelli set is the definitive Trovatore.Callas might have the ability to do justice to Leonora in 1949 , but not here .
 When I came along and discovered opera on recording , it was at a time when one thought one had to chose between Callas and Tebaldi
 yall have costed me a lot of money acclaiming callas as the goddess of all opera , and i ca n't return the disappointing recording i got ... over 200.00 worth ... she is no diva . .
 This is musical emperor 's new clothes . Nice and streamlined playing has really nothing to do with great performance . I would much prefer listening to Vladimir Horowitz ' last recording -LRB- 1978 -RRB- of the d-minor concerto . His playing is so full of drama and colors , each note is imbued with urgency and passion . Horowitz ' performance , moreso than any other , brings out the fully romantic nature of this concerto . Andsnes seems to lack some basic knowledge
 I have n't actually heard this CD at all . I ordered it back in November from Amazon . I waited and waited . Amazon kept sending order updates requesting that I e-mail back proof of my continuing interest in getting this elusive CD . I faithfully e-mailed back . Finally , in early March , I got an e-mail telling me that the CD was `` not available from any source . '' This , in spite of the fact that 13 used copies are listed right on this page and the fact that Amazon itself is still offering the CD . I do n't know what Amazon 's game is but , if I were interested in actually obtaining this CD , I would look somewhere else . Barnes and Noble offers it for the same price and they say that they can send it in 3 to 5 days .
 Look ... dont be just another fool parted with their hard earned money ... if you already have the cd 's ... of all the music THE BEATLES released ... you 're either a chump ... or your bankroll exceeds your common sense ... I love THE BEATLES ... but am sick of all the same material being duplicated to death ... just anoth marketing hoax to keep the bucks flowing in
 I transcribe Art Tatum 's music , so it did not take me very long to find out that applause was electronically added to well known non-live and classic performances . I found this to be very offensive . Art Tatum is the greatest jazz pianist who ever lived and does not deserve to be a vehicle for such a digusting rip off . This practice if it exists anywhere else should be banned , unless the listener in warned . This might explain why there is virtually no documantation anywhere to go with the CD . Also it might answer the previous reviewer 's question regarding the dates of these performances .
 To the best of my knowledge , Art Tatum only recorded `` Three Little Words '' once ... it appears on THE STANDARD TRANSCRIPTIONS . I was excited to discover that he had apparently recorded it live as well , but having read previous reviews here , and noticing that the song titles mirrored those of THE STANDARD TRANSCRIPTIONS almost exactly , I decided to listen to the Real Audio extract of `` Three Little Words '' from this album . It is absolutely the same as performance as the one on THE STANDARD TRANSCRIPTIONS . Do yourself a favor -- buy THE STANDARD TRANSCRIPTIONS instead , and avoid the overdubbed applause .
 I knew I 'd heard these versions before on other discs , but what a low blow to pass these off as LIVE recordings . It 's pretty obvious that the audio levels between piano and audience are n't even close to matching . Not only that , but I do n't think there was ever a club where Tatum would have permitted such rampant conversation during his entire performance . Either that , or the audience was the stupidest to ever congregate.It 's a moot point to discuss Tatum on the disc ; he 's always been the best . But do n't help line the pockets of whatever fat cat exec thought up this moronic concept .
 This is the poorest technical quality release I have ever heard . You can hear two men murmuring and talking through the first tracks . Until this work is remastered and this objectionable trait is removed , I would steer well clear of it !
 Callas is beginning to show serious vocal problem here . And I 'm not a fan of Alfredo Kraus . To add to all that , the sound is unacceptable.This only deserve 2 stars because Callas is here , without it , it would be worthless . The five star Traviata is hands down the fab performance of the underrated Cotrubas/Domingo/Milnes recording . That is what Traviata is all about . Cotrubas sings the best sempre libera around , even better than that overrated singer from Australia , and far better than La Divina at this point of her career .
 EMI Callas Lisbon 1958 La Traviata ? AWFUL !!! The performance is excellent , of course , but the transfer is one of the poorest that gramophone history has ever saw ! This EMI release was made based on the tapes recorded via radio when the performance was broadcasted in 1958 by RDP -LRB- Radio Difusao Portuguesa - Portuguese Radio -RRB- . The EXCELLENT news is that there is a brand new transfer of the EXACTLY same performance based not on those EMI tapes but by the master tapes owned by RDP -LRB- the original source , then -RRB- . The difference is ABSOLUTELY HUGE ! This new release made by the label `` Pearl '' using those tapes , sometimes makes you wonder if the performance was recorded in mono or stereo ! I have both releases , the `` EMI '' and the `` Pearl '' . Despite the excellent booklet included in EMI edition the Pearl Edition is far superior -LRB- specially in matters of sound -RRB- . All in sum
 This is the awful 1997 EMI remastering of the 1958 live Lisbon performance . Please avoid this , see Amazon 's listing of the rare out-of-print 1987 CD , available from ` other sellers ' . The fascinating source , courtesy of Dr Robert Seletsky
 I guess I will dare to ruin all the 5/5 reviews , it is mostly a matter of personal opinion . I have been listening to a limited edition of this Traviata that Callas recorded here in Lisbon , slightly different from this one . Several reviewers have written useful information about the performances in this Traviata , so I will perhaps only share the reason why it does n't do it for me
 ... how awful this band are and this album is , already just looking at this page has allowed that dumb piece of non-sensical tosh , aka Living On A Prayer , to filter into my mind and thoroughly depress me with its complete and utter blandness . i am ready to end it now , luckily i have an antidote , i hum `` I 'm In the Mood for Dancing '' by the Nolans , yes i agree , complete rubbish , but even that 's better than anything by bon jovi . buy this album just to burn it . . make a statement !
 `` Danger Kitty '' has mass produced some of the worst music in the history of Pop . To all of the BJ fans out there , look up the word , `` cliche '' . Understand its danger and the shallow nature that this word connotes . It 's ahem !! like a `` wet , slippery , loaded gun '' . If you 're going to write lyrics this horrible , juvenile and unimaginative , why bother finishing Junior High at all . Drop out of school , get yourself a job at Hot Dog on a Stick and say goodbye to every one of your brain cells . Patriotism demands that you rid your CD player of anything that makes you look like you could n't finish the 4th grade . Do it for your country !
 Please do n't get me wrong
 Bon Jovi are in close competition with Nirvana for the `` Most Overrated Band in History '' award . If I had a dollar for every time I heard the cr@ppy `` Living on a Prayer '' played on the radio , I 'd be able to retire in comfort , and I 'm only 21 ! I can only reccommend this album to people who like to annoy themselves with $ hitty music .
 I 'm really starting to hate Bon Jovi like a passion . Out of all the stupid hair metal bands of the 80s , Bon Jovi has to be the worst of the entire bunch ! Like all hair metal bands , Bon Jovi were very mainstream and were played constantly on MTV back in the day which was sad considering heavy metal is suppossed to be non-mainstream and it should n't have party anthems . I liked other bands like Slayer and Kreator which were n't mainstream and were very heavy . Bon Jovi are the complete opposite of Slayer and Kreator which is not good news at all.Let 's start with their fans . While not as retarded as Atreyu or Simple Plan fans , Bon Jovi fans mostly consist of girls who act like the band 's groupies or teenagers who hated Slayer , Kreator , or Death -LRB- the non-mainstream bands that ruled -RRB- . They say sh i t like , `` JOHN BON JOVI IS THE GREATEST !!! HE HAS SO MUCH PASSION !!! HE ROCKS THE HOUSE !!! I LOVE HIS HAIR !!! '' Enough already ! John Bon Jovi was a horrible vocalist who sounds like he 's whining when he sings sh i t t y anthems that they play at school dances in the 80s . And please !!! The guitarist is not amazing and the bass is inaudible at best . The drumming is lame as well . For fu c k 's sake , STOP TREATING THIS AWFUL BAND LIKE GODS !!! The songs as well , from a lyrical standpoint are so far from the standard heavy metal content that it 's just stupid ! Love ballads are NOT metal.So in conclusion , Bon Jovi has to be one of the most overrated bands in history and they just plain suck ! For real somewhat mainstream 80s metal listen to Metallica -LRB- old -RRB- , Iron Maiden , Judas Priest , or Dio . For real non-mainstream 80s metal listen to Slayer , Death , Kreator , or Celtic Frost .
 Who actually likes Bon-Jovi anyway ? Mullett wearing rednecks and Heretics .
 I agree with Motorbreth 100 % . This is the absolute bottom of the barrel . This is the album and the band that made heavy metal/hard rock about hair instead of music . The WORST band of ALL TIME.COMPLETE and UTTER GARBAGE.There is n't one second of music here that dislays the slightest bit of talent or musicianship . Jon Bon Jovi is the WORST singer in modern music . Period . Steve Perry and Journey are more credible -LRB- ... ugh . I ca n't believe I just wrote that ! - DAMN YOU , Bon Jovi ! -RRB- A complete waste of time and money ...
 the songs are not so good ! i hate bon jovi ! the lyrics are terrible ! there 's better bands ! this is old 80 's metal !
 There 's one thing I really dislike , people dive-bombing on a band that everyone says is `` trying to be real . . -LRB- genre insert here -RRB- , but is n't and is just a bunch of posers . '' Then they will go on to list a whole tonne of artists that are apparently what the genre is actually supposed to be , without actually explaining why the band they are dissing sucks . Who cares if it 's not real metal / punk / indie / whatever , yes , we know that there are legions of idiots who sit there with a Poison record on thinking they 're listening to heavy metal , but stop for a moment and disregard what everyone else thinks . Lets just , view this music by itself . . and stop worrying about what it 's not , and what it 's trying to be but failing.Bon Jovi suck , no doubt about it . They have ridden the cheese-wagon of bad music all the way to the bank and also forfilled the desires of morons who are looking for a `` dangerous alternative '' in music . Whatever Bon Jovi is supposed to be , or at least want to be , they 're not . Hair-metal is the ultimate cheese of all music , filled with sickly sweet over the top ` ironic ' bombastic ballads -LRB- the joke got old A LONG TIME AGO -RRB- with crappy melodies and an orchestral backdrop that would make the London Symphony seem weak . Then there 's the edgier ` party time ' rockers that have been done before and with actual character and worth by artists like AC/DC & Led Zeppelin -- all of the 80s hair metal is just lame imitations of the artists who did it right and did it originally . Add in some Bruce Springsteen blue-collar tales and you 've pretty much got Bon Jovi . This trash is the kind of stuff that noone around today actually remembers . The music sucks -- 1 -RRB- . To all of you out there who think they 've got real metal with a posion record -- you 're wrong , this is not real metal , this is soppy watered down metal . . and 3 -RRB- just because it 's not real metal is n't an intelligent point to put across as to why this band sucks -- judge their music -LRB- see point 1 -RRB- .
 The 1980s were certainly a very eclectic time for output in popular music . Especially for those of us who came of age during that decade . On the positive side , we had timeless albums such as The Joshua Tree , Moving Pictures , Master of Puppets and Remain in Light , among others.Bon Jovi 's Slippery When Wet represents the bad side of the 80s - generic songs ; a soulless processed drum sound ; and over-produced `` anthems . '' Bon Jovi , Motley Crue , Poison , all members of a shallow , talentless club .
 When I saw Bon Jovi open up for Ratt I became a big fan . He and his band blew Ratt of the stage . This was a surprise and I expected him to record some great rock . What I got here was pop blop . Yes , this gives rock 'n' roll a bad name ! There is just enough good stuff here to truly torment a real rock fan.If you do n't like rock music this may be for you ...
 Anyways , in 1986 of course we had classics like Reign in Blood , Master of Puppets , Peace Sells , Darkness Descends and Pleasure to Kill . However we had also garbage at the same year . Europe 's Final Countdown , Ratt 's Dancing Undercover , Judas Priest sold out with Turbo , Poison had that godawful Look What the Cat Dragged In etc. . And those albums were bad enough , but Slipery When Wet is beyond that . It was the main reason why hair-metal started to suck in the late 80 's . This is just as bad as BJ 's new stuff but I hate this at most cuz this his their most irritatingly overrated album . But still it 's so awful it makes Nevermind by Nirvana sound like The Number of the Beast by Iron Maiden . Jon Bon Jovi is a horrible singer and he ca n't write lyrics even if his life depends on it . He does stupid screams in his `` heavier '' songs -LRB- ` You Give Love A Bad Name ' , ` Let It Rock ' -RRB- , and he writes cheesy stuff -LRB- ` Livin ' On A Prayer ' , ` I 'd Die For You ' -RRB- . And the rest band is mediocre also . Richie Sambora -LRB- guitarist -RRB- is completely overrated . His riffs are standart and his solos are repetitive , this guy ca n't hold a candle to Adrian Smith , John Petrucci or K.K. Downing . The bassist and the drummer are nothing special either . The worst part is the vocals but there is nothing good here at all.I do n't say hair metal is all bad , for good stuuf of this kind listen to Guns N Roses , Scorpions , Montley Crue , Van Halen and Skid Row , but it just has too many garbage bands like Bon Jovi -LRB- which is by far the worst -RRB- . For good metal in general listen to Iron Maiden , Judas Priest -LRB- either ` Stained Class ' or ` Defenders of the Faith ' will be the best place to start , AVOID that ` Turbo ' cra p -RRB- , Queensryche , Slayer , Megadeth , 80 's Metallica , Dream Theater , Sepultura , Death , Suffocation , Black Sabbath , Pantera , Celtic Frost , Venom , Dark Angel and Kreator.Hate me for this review but someone had to say this . Actually when I come to think at it , this is the worst album of the 80 's . Hell , even all that cheesy 80 's pop stuff like Tina Turner was better than this pile of dogs hit.DEATH TO BON JOVI !! -LRB- BTW it 's an updated review
 this is n't the worst album ever , but it 's not good . Now , i 'm a huge fan of the 80 's rock scene , but for some reason , i never caught on to this album . Livin ' on a prayer , for god 's sake , i 'd rather listen to an old guy crap his pants . The only worhtwile song on here , in my opinion , is `` I 'd Die For You . '' Now that 's a good song.If you 're into bon jovi , GET IT , BY ALL MEANS !! but if you have a taste in music , buy van halen 's 1984 , or Def Leppard 's High 'N' Dry instead . GREAT 80 's ROCK !!
 This album epitomeses the worst kind of cheese American idolitry , and generally blows big things.Some of RS 's solos are passable , but for the most part - it 's standard bad popcorn glam , for over-the-hill women who drink in bars by themselves , and over-the-hill men who always wanted to be American , or popular - but failed on all counts.For more of this throw-away hamshank trash , see Europe , Def Leppard etc . .
 Right off the bat , I 'm gon na say it . I hate Bon Jovi with a vengeance and this album is the reason . Oh , I had plenty of reasons to hate them before this and I always thought they were a lame excuse for a rock band but this album took the cake . When the album preceeding this one , 7800 Fairenheit came out , these guys had already caused me grief twice . The first time , I was sitting at a girl 's house and took a magic marker and renamed the band `` Bad Joke '' on the 7800 Fairenheit cover , it was n't hard , just manipulate the letters a bit , but it fit and I was proud of my work . The girl , however , was not and started spouting off about my damaging her property and asked me to leave . Well , in retrospect , maybe I should thank Bon Jovi , cause she was a bit nutty , going off about a little thing like that . The second time was unforgivable , Bad Joke were riding on the coattails of Black Sabbath on a tour -LRB- the version of Sabbath with no less than Ian Gillan as vocalist -RRB- and my best friend and I had tickets . These two girls we knew wanted us to take them , so we did , and we sat through Blow Jobi 's horrid set and Richie Sambora 's sophomoric one note guitar solo and were readying ourselves for Sabbath . Well 3 songs into Sabbath these girls start whinning and complaining that they wanted to leave so much , we finally took them home and missed a milestone never to be repeated with Sabbath . That was enough to make me hate Bon Jovi for life , but then this tepid little piece of trash called Slippery When Wet comes out . A cliche ridden -LRB- what do you expect when Desmond Child is a writer ?!?! -RRB- , hardly rocking , pile of excrement that was n't fit for a boy band . Yeah , I was biased already , but this sludge was unforgivable . I had an analogy I used to give people -LRB- mainly girls , no guys I knew ever defended this poop -RRB- when they would defend this crap , and it was , how well would you like this crap if Jon Bon Jovi looked like Tiny Tim , and the answer I usually got -LRB- grudginly -RRB- was not much . So this music is basically good to lie a bed , and think of that dreamy Jon Bon singing it , nothing more , nothing less . So for a non-gay male such as myself , this band had nothing to offer . No wonder you do n't see too many guys in Bon Blowme 's videos fist pumping to their rockin ' tunes , unless they dug something other than the music -LRB- wink wink -RRB- . This clcihe riden dung has no redeeming value whatsoever . Now to the songs -- Let It Rock -LRB- girly metal -RRB- , You Give Love A Bad Name -LRB- yeah ? and you give hair metal a bad name , Jon -RRB- . This song was played so often , I could name the tune in 1 note and fly from wherever I was standing to make sure I did n't hear the second note . Livin ' On A Prayer -- a song of love 's survival beating the odds supposedly , but then Bon Bon sings , '' it does n't make a difference if we make it or not '' , which rendered the whole song pointless . Social Disease is what you get when you listen to this Bon Jon Jon character to much . Wanted Dead Or Alive -- `` I 'm a cowboy '' -LRB- right Bonehead and I 'm a rocket scientist , puh-leeze !!! -RRB- . Sad attempt at a soundtrack song for Young Guns , another 80 's artifact that should be shot and put out of it 's misery . Hop on your steel horse and pedal your happy ass home , Boo Joobi !!!!! Raise Your Hands -- The title is a cliche and so is every line of the song . Basically an excuse to -LRB- what else ? -RRB- raise your hands at a Bon Ami show !!! What fun ! Without Love , I 'd Die For You and Wild In the Streets and any others I did n't mention are even worse than the one 's I already wasted time on . This album has won worst of awards in every magazine I can think of , and is on many critics worst of lists also . Why would anyone want this ? It 's absolutely horrible !
 I used to think Korn was the destroyer of metal , boy was I wrong ... after hearing this I knew it was Bon Jovi . I really think that this is the worst music of the 80 's , even worse than Modanna or Paula Abdul . Even hairmetal fans dont like this ! Hairmetal fans listen to Twisted Sister and Skid Row , and avoid pop like this , White Snake , Poison , Warrant , and Europe . This bad joke here made it so other pansies like Cinderella had a chance to make it , when all they were were talentless hacks who ripped off Van Halens 1984 . I could n't imagine anyone listening to this without having their ears bleed , this makes disco look like Led Zeppelin ! Well , at least its better than Good Charlotte and Linkin Park -LRB- although not by much -RRB- . Anyone who hates Jon Bon Blowme and Bad Joke is commendable , because they -LRB- Socialist Metal Head , Cotton Hell for example -RRB- are smart enough to realize how p ** sified this is . I feel bad for anyone who does n't see through Bad Jokes haze.DIE JON BON BLOWME !
 Here it is - Slippery When Wet . I believe Bon Jovis 3rd album . This album is a turning point if you follow heavy metal . Its the watershed album that turned heavy metal from an up and comming genre into a laughing stock . This band doesnt get the flack it deserves . This is the 1910 Fruitgum Company with flangers and fuzzboxes . Its candy a $ $ crap aimed at 13 year old girls . Its part of the reason music is in the sad state it finds itself today . This is what Nirvana -LRB- the most over rated bandin history -RRB- and a host of grunge bands revolted against ... and successfully so . Why ? Because this music is so bad that anything would make it look good . You can directly thank Bon Jovi and crue for the pussification of heavy metal .
 Slippery When Wet some think its the greatest album of all time but personally i think its just one of those albums you can just pass on as nothing . Whats so special about , `` Let It Rock '' , oooh so they used synth and guitar and just played one note and than bon jovi 's singing comes in who cares . The reason i give it two stars is because its okay i guess i mean livin on a prayer and wanted dead or alive is okay but besides that its too glammy . not great not good
 Bon Jovi mixes rock and pop on this album to make something that has a complete 80s sound . This album , especially the hit livin on a prayer , is a complete Bruce Springsteen ripoff . After seeing how well Springsteen had been doing -LRB- in particular 2 years earlier with Born In The USA -RRB- this band tried to use the same themes in their music but it did n't work so well for them . Buy Springsteen way before this .
 Theres no denying Jon Bon Jovi has an incredible vocal range and Richie Sambora , unlike many 80 's guitarists can really wail when he wants to . The first half of this album fares much better then the second half . Theres arena rock gems like `` Let it Rock '' , `` You give love a bad name '' and `` Livin on a Prayer '' . `` Wanted : Dead or Alive '' is worth listening to if simply to hear Sambora 's sick guitar intro . Unfortunately the second half of the album collapses under its own hair gel . Theres a couple more rockers but mostly ballads so sappy they make Sammy Hagar look like a die hard cynic . IT will make you grateful Kurt Cobain came along and destroyed this kind of spandex and Vo5 charged poodle hair metal . In any case the album does make you wonder how much you got to fork over for those girls in the album jacket to wash youre car .
 My face was sadly left unrocked . If I ever run into Mr. Jovi , I will tell him that his ratio of faces rocked/faces seen is now slightly askew .
 When I first wrote a review for this album I was a little `` hard '' on Bon Joi and this disc . After reading my review several times I realized this was n't a `` bad '' album , it 's just that it sold a lot more copies than I thought it would . I just do n't understand why Bon Jovi has remaind so popular while other bands like Dokken and Ratt have not enjoyed that level of success . Was Bon Jovi that much different than Ratt or Dokken ? Of course not ! Those three bands first appeared during the '80s and pretty much recorded the same kind of music -LRB- hard rock -RRB- . Although this album does contain some of Bon Jovi 's best tunes -LRB- Wanted Dead or Alive and You Give Love a Bad Name -RRB- those songs are really no better than Dokken 's In My Dreams or Ratt 's Round and Round . Ratt and Dokken may have rocked a little `` harder '' than Bon Jovi , but if you compare this album to Ratt 's Out Of The Cellar or Dokken 's Under Lock And Key I feel the Ratt and Dokken albums are much stronger and contain better songs .
 i just bought one from - importcds via amazon marketplace . but i found out that its poor printing quality for every single cover/sleeve . also , it 's not the original uk box set which is made in uk by EMI , rather the CDs made in italy by imsgroup.it . i think , that might be the counterfeit . i wrote them immediately and got a response of saying that `` you are welcome to return an unopened item for refund '' . then i wrote them back two times to let them know that it 's opened now and still want to return and get refund . but there is no more response . i think it will be really unfair if they do n't accept a return of such kind of product sold by their company even it 's opened now . i am still waiting . i do n't know if this situation happened to any of you guys here who bought this item via amazon or its marketplace , or this info will be helpful to others who want to buy this item soon .
 I picked this up upon recommendation of my father . I found the material to be dated and I was unable to grasp the themes in any of the songs . Granted this is not as dated as the Bix Biederbecke or Guy Lombardo albums my grandfather recommended but antiquated nonetheless . I do not recommend this for anyone in their twenties , thirties or younger . You may find yourself bewildered and lost . This certainly is a product of a very strange generation .
 How can the listeners say that Callas sang a good Gilda ? To me , her voice is not only ugly , but her coloratura sloppy and lousy . Also her voice is dark and tired at the same time . She sounds at least 30 years too old to play Gilda . The quartet went ok because Callas had a large voice , and Gobbi and Di Stefano supported her . But it is a far cry from ideal . The caro nome was boring to the max . I do n't find Callas 's trill to be valid , nor her coloratura . Perhaps she should stick to Tosca or Gioconda.To be blunt , this is a big disappointment on all account except for Gobbi . I 'm not too fond of Stefano either . And the sound is bland and colorless . I am returning this purchase .
 This has typical bad , bad sound with lots of noise . Callas uses her head voice trying to sound young , and instead sounded like a shrill soprano . This woman has no voice . How she conquered opera during the 1950 's I 'll never know . I think you all are suffering from `` Emperor 's new clothes '' . If you want to here Verdi as it is meant to be sung - and in stero , unlike Callas 's mono , get the Sutherland set . She is the queen . It was Sutherland 's supreme presence during the earliest of 1960 that force Callas out of retirment.P.S . Yes , I heard this recording in the college library ... Gilda belongs to Sutherland , perhaps Callas should have sung the barmaid ...
 I went in really hoping to enjoy this CD , since I enjoyed the other one I have and like the opera , even though it is not Puccini 's best . Plus , it got such RAVE reviews . I was hoping to be swept away or at least really impressed.Well , I think it is a case of too much hype and not enough good singing . What are these critics TALKING about ? Alagna has an excellent voice but he pushes his voice too hard making for a harsh tone . Gheorghiu 's voice has a nice sound but she wanders all over and her voice is n't as clear or as secure as many other sopranos - too hooty . She can only do one kind of soft hooty thing well and it becomes really boring really fast . No variety . Hype , hype , hype . These two are n't the real thing if you ask me . I would not recommend this recording - buy TeKanawa and Domingo instead.Yes , the ones on this CD are young and the beautiful people . But that REALLY does n't matter when you are just listening to the CD , only the way they sound counts . Who cares what they look like when the CD is on ? Better to have the superior voices since the CD is permanent and does n't get old and ugly!The conducting sound sort of like an imitation of a good conductor rather than a good conductor - it 's sort of pasty and schmalzy . Real authority is missing.The best thing about it is the 2nd couple - they are really excellent but their parts are n't big enough to buy the whole opera for.If you are a staunch Puccini fan then you might want to check it out but otherwise , I would say - PASS .
 Perhaps my set is flawed , but the voices were unbearably soft when compared to the orchestra . Everyone was singing in tinny tones , even when the stereo set was cranked up to the max . The lack of volume makes any meaningful review difficult to write . I thoroughly enjoyed the Domingo/Te Kanawa set and decided to try this one when I read all the hype . I think it 's just hype . Alagna 's voice is NOWHERE in the league of Domingo , Pavarotti , Corelli etc. , his is a decent voice for the live performances , where it can be masked by his impeccable acting . Gheorghiu is pretty ordinary , in those days of the 50s to 80s , she would be good enough for a side role , like Tebaldo in Don Carlo or maybe Liu in Turandot . As it is , in the present dearth of singers of any quality , she takes on a role that is hardly suitable to her , given her -LRB- comparative -RRB- lack of vocal beauty . However , from what I can hear from the music , Pappano conducts really well , he is not the best but this is a gallant effort . Ruined , presumably by the EMI engineers -LRB- some of their recent recordings are terrible -RRB- . I am still waiting for the day when Alagna and Gheorghiu can fulfil their -LRB- I suppose -RRB- latent talent . So many people ca n't be wrong . Or can they ?
 It was 2yrs ago . A friend of Mine purchased Maria Callas CD as a gift to me , however , I returned that CD with this stupid CD instead , since I didnot like Maria Callas at all at that time -LRB- and I found new love with Anglea Gheorghiu , it was her first full opera CD by her and her hubby -RRB- . Well , except few arias , this Cd is so boring , I hardly listen to this CD anymore . Just thinking about for selling this Cd to the used CD store for something better . Well , definetly , it will be good idea to listen this Cd before you buy . Othewise you will be one of the sorry music fans like me . -LRB- Guilty feeling for my friend who does n't know what I did , and big disappointment from very so so music with big hype from recording company and Gramophone magazine -RRB- .
 Sin lugar a dudas , Kiri Te Kanawa es una de las grandes sopranos l&iacute;ricas del siglo anterior , pero creo que este disco no refleja el arte canoro de la artista . Si bien podr&iacute;an citarse much&iacute;simos atributos y fortalezas vocales , resaltan en todas las arias un excesivo vibrato que afecta la l&iacute;nea musical .
 I am very familiar with all these songs , having sung them myself while a student with Martial Singer . I think that her interpretation is better than many singers I 've listened to , most of whom think they are singing Italian music . But I was really disappointed with her vocal technique . There are some really ugly sounds here , strangly juxtaposed , and as different one from the other as milk and vinaigre . Sometimes a really lush , large voice is evident ; then , there is a tinny , harsh or whiney bit . It seems to me that , if you have a large voice , piano or forte are measured within your particular vocal diameter ; and sounding strange for effect , if done too often , is just strange . Given the praise I 've read of this singer , I was amazed .
 I do n't like this recording . I 've borrowed a lot of Callas recording from a huge Callas fan . Sorry , I do n't like her voice .
 I purchased this item and NEVER RECEIVED it !!! sent the seller WHERE 'S MY STUFF to inform them that i never received the item ... . but got no reply and no DVD ... GOOD LUCK
 Sj3 is the effin ' man , dawg . When he ai n't helpin ' out in Smallville with his amazing deliverence of `` Aw Snap '' , or doing death defying stunts -LRB- See the episode where he says `` It 's ok , byron '' and gets thrown , then gets run into by a car . A parked car . -RRB- . And he was awesome as that autistic hero in Zig Zag , downright brilliant , makes me think he should have been the lead in Titanic . Leo who ? Leonardo Jones III , that 's who.But none of this flick measures up to the spouting of his one line per episode of Smallville . `` Bad '' Pete is the bomb digity . And he does it with dignity . `` For you , green means stop , red means go . `` SJ3 is a shallow nickname , let 's step it up , SJ Cubed.Snap on , brother .
 So we add yet another attempt by a rapper to enter into the movie industry . And we add another failure . Why ca n't these guys get a clue that they just can not act ? Ok , so maybe Nelly is the best out of the lot . DMX does n't even compare to him.Snipes is just a poorly directed and poorly acted film . Sam Jones III is excellent , but besides him , everyone else fumbles through their lines . The kid does have a future in movies unlike the rest of the actors.The entire concept seems to be derived straight from a B rap movie that has been made a thousand times before . There are twists and turns that make you want to find out what happens in the end , but I was in no way biting my nails or on the edge of my seat.The directing was flat and led to a slow , slow pacing of the movie . There was very little humor to fall back on . It seemed as if the director could n't figure out what sort of atmosphere he wanted to create.Snipes really did n't hold its own and I would not recommend it for any situation . It 's just a bad , bad movie . 2 Stars
 u get pretty sick of hearing ` f ' this 473 times . Otherwise decent movie
 Why !? Why did they have to remaster this brilliant album in ear-bludgeoning MONO !?!? This extremely stupid decision defeats the whole purpose of digital remastering , which provides a more expansive , almost 3-D effect to a stale stereophonic mix - giving each instrument and voice a separate , clearly defined space and enhancing the overall sound immensely . I experienced a similar disappointment with a remastered Colloseum CD -LRB- Valentyne Suite -RRB- that sounds absolutely horrible in mono . At least give the consumer a choice between mono or stereo . Better yet , include BOTH mixes on one CD . The music on this classic album deserves 5 stars . This particular reissue , however , gets a measly 2 stars for its `` purist '' insanity . Grrrrrrrr !!!
 I 've had it of describing what the `` loudness war '' is . Just Google the expression between quotes and you 'll get tens of thousands of results to peruse . So I 'm just going to say that this release features the worst type of `` loudness war '' mastering , when the audio volume is pushed beyond the CD format specification limits and `` clipping '' -LRB- loss of parts of the audio -RRB- occurs . These comments refer to the mono releases -LRB- Snapper 's `` jewel case '' , Repertoire 's and all the Japanese releases -RRB- - the stereo -LRB- Snapper 's digipack -RRB- release is mastered within the CD 's dynamic range , but the mix is very annoying , with vocals on one channel and instruments on the other .
 I 've had it of describing what the `` loudness war '' is . Just Google the expression between quotes and you 'll get tens of thousands of results to peruse . So I 'm just going to say that this release features the worst type of `` loudness war '' mastering , when the audio volume is pushed beyond the CD format specification limits and `` clipping '' -LRB- loss of parts of the audio -RRB- occurs . These comments refer to the mono releases -LRB- Snapper 's `` jewel case '' , Repertoire 's and all the Japanese releases -RRB- - the stereo -LRB- Snapper 's digipack -RRB- release is mastered within the CD 's dynamic range , but the mix is very annoying , with vocals on one channel and instruments on the other .
 I 've had it of describing what the `` loudness war '' is . Just Google the expression between quotes and you 'll get tens of thousands of results to peruse . So I 'm just going to say that this release features the worst type of `` loudness war '' mastering , when the audio volume is pushed beyond the CD format specification limits and `` clipping '' -LRB- loss of parts of the audio -RRB- occurs . These comments refer to the mono releases -LRB- Snapper 's `` jewel case '' , Repertoire 's and all the Japanese releases -RRB- - the stereo -LRB- Snapper 's digipack -RRB- release is mastered within the CD 's dynamic range , but the mix is very annoying , with vocals on one channel and instruments on the other .
 The Pretty Things were always a second tier outfit , and this dated , overhyped dud shows why . Yes , it was an early rock `` opera '' and no doubt influential as a result , but looked at dispassionately as a piece of music , it 's crap . The songwriting is silly and instantly forgettable , and the gritty , tough sound of earlier Pretty Things that generally mitigated their songwriting limitations is absent from this dull museum piece of 60s pretension . Save your pennies for remastered editions of The Who Sell Out and the great Kinks triumvirate of Face to Face , Something Else and Village Green Preservation Society . The Pretty Things are for barrel scrapers .
 I heard `` SF Sorrow is Born '' on satellite radio , found it catchy , and knowing what the album was , decided to order it.I 've only listened to it once . Sounds to me like an homage to The Beatles , mostly stuck on `` Walrus '' . Just does n't do it for me .
 Anyone who would wish the Pretty Things to have the credit for the rock concept album must be a -RRB- a sadist , or b -RRB- still overly willing to bury the Beach Boys 's `` Pet Sounds '' . The Things may have been the first British band to have a go at the idea , but having a clever idea is n't quite the same as delivering the goods.Even accepting that this was n't exactly the same lineup which cranked out probably the least inhibited and most elementally raw extant of British blues -LRB- put politely , the Pretties - the evidence still exists on their first two albums , `` The Pretty Things '' and `` Get The Picture ? '' - made damn near ALL the legendary British R and B types resemble wussycats -RRB- , it is an awful stretch to match the concept of `` S.F. Sorrow '' to the quality of its execution . The musicianship is competent , but when competence is applied to very weak material , the result is the sort of thing that ended up giving both psychedelic music and the concept album a bad name to begin with , enough that one begins to wonder if the Beatles -LRB- who were reputed to have encouraged the Things to give it a go ; former Beatle engineer Norman Smith - who was also producing the original Pink Floyd - produced `` Sorrow '' -RRB- did n't secretly figure the Things to fall on their faces trying to make their own kind of `` Sgt. Pepper '' . It took the Who to restore whatever good name both might have had -LRB- `` The Who Sell Out '' for both , `` Tommy '' just for the concept album , unless you 're willing to call the underrated instrumental `` Underture '' a last gasp of psychedelic rhythmajigging -RRB- , though the Kinks also weighed in with a minor gem -LRB- `` The Village Green Preservation Society '' -RRB- . But on whole , `` S.F. Sorrow '' was bound to die a death -LRB- despite the interesting enough storyline -RRB- and did in due course . About two albums and a few more personnel shifts later , the Pretty Things took a shot at getting back to basics , but while it was occasionally interesting , it was n't even close to the same . Stay with the first two albums . THOSE were the real Pretty Things .
 Callas is my idol . Her Norma and Tosca are without rivals . But this is her worst performance ever . I do n't want anyone to hate her because she is so bad here that they will not buy any more of her great recording . She is also supported by a terrible cast in bad voice , and the mono sound is awful . Do not even think of buying this Callas ' worst recording ever . Go for the Tosca and Lucia of 1955 and you will be much happier . Callas would have been able to surpass Nilsson if she recorded this in 1949 , when she had the Wagnerian voice and killer high notes .
 To start , Callas has no business singing Turandot . She had a shrill , colorless sound that is unacceptable in Puccini 's passionate music . The title role belongs to Eva Marton , or Birgit Nilsson . The Liu here is bad as well . She sounds wirey and edgy . As for the tenor , he 's even worst . All and all , a pathetic recording -LRB- I returned it -RRB- . May I suggest the VHS tape with Domingo and Marton ? It 's visually splendid , and the singing is first class .
 Callas , in 1957 , did not have the big voice to sing Turandot ; in 1949 , yes ; in 1957 , no ! Schwarzkopf as Li&ugrave; is unidiomatic . The tenor is inept . Only Serafin 's conducting saves this set . Callas is no Turandot on this recording . Just listen to Nilsson , Turner , and Dimitrova . EMI should have gone to Austria to look for Gertrud Grob Prandl , a hochdrammatisch sopran who had the chops to really sing Turandot and who did so frequently in Italy .
 I was excited to hear this mix from the reviews I had read . If you 're tired of the same old mixes from GU and are craving something different , you do n't need this one - you already have it . It starts out interesting enough and then goes in to the standby sound of every other DJ on the label . Kinda boring . I was ready for something more funky - more `` hip-hop and acid jazz '' influenced . This is not it . It 's definitely not a bad mix , but it 's nothing different than what you 've already heard . I would suggest buying Thievery Corporation 's `` The Richest Man in Babylon '' or Boom Bip 's `` Seed To Sun . '' They 're not DJ mixes , but they 're fantastic .
 Just terrible ! Although her voice has mellowed and is quite beautiful , Ms Te Kanawa has absolutely no instinct or feel for this distinctly American music . She 's just lost in her own peculiar Kiwi wonderland . She is not aided but what have to be some of the worst arrangements of this music ever recorded.Her version of `` What 'll I do '' alone earns her a place on the top ten list of abominable recordings of American music .
 This is a large selection of CDs of readings of famous German poetry , without ANY written insert to follow in English or German . I am a very beginning student of German . I love these poets . However , since there no way to read a translated text , or translate a German text , one must be 100 % fluent , completely understanding spoken German , to get anything out of these CDs . I have a German speaking friend . I will give it as a gift as it is completely worthless to me . Pity . It would have been good to know that UP FRONT .
 Maria callas was a great interpreter of opera , but i was never really impress with the voice.Here she takes on Aida , which is very unsucessful . . Maria was best at bel canto rep. . . for my your money -- I urge you to get the true Aida herself ... Leontyne Price ... Then you would have heard Aida . . the price/vickers/Gorr / solti recording or Price / Domingo / Bumbry / leindorf recording will both give you Verdi 's master piece in all its glory .
 Simple ... Ordered and paid for the CD . CD did not turn up . Got my money back from Amazon . Company did not fufill our sales agreement . Do n't buy from this company !
 Karajan is often criticized for the homogenized sound of his later recordings , yet he made some exceptional ones during his long career . The beauty of the string playing in this recording of Scheherazade is certainly appealing , and the violin solos are gorgeous , as others have noted.This well-loved music based loosely on the Arabian Nights is redolent with innocence , wonder and mystery . It has earned its place among the most popular classical works ever written . However , Karajan pulls and nudges at lines throughout , distorting the dramatic flow of Rimsky-Korsakov 's score and , especially in the inner movements , the sense of magic that makes Scheherazade so engaging is thereby lost.More problematic is the brass . The unpolished play is evident in Scheherazade , but is so sloppy and disjointed in the other two pieces on the disc that those works are seriously marred . Even those unfamiliar with the music will notice the miscues , the undisciplined honking and braying . Other reviewers have already mentioned further problems with the Tchaikovsky pieces.Overall , it is difficult to recommend this disc , even at mid-price . The Penguin Guide remarks that this is not one of Karajan 's best . There are many competitive recordings available that would be more satisfying . The recording by Mackerras with the London Symphony is very well done , with excellent Telarc sound . The recording by Serebrier with the same orchestra on Reference Recordings offers state-of-the-art sonics and is coupled with a very fine performance of Rimsky-Korsakov 's compelling Russian Easter Overture .
 Though to this day I consider Karajan to be unsurpassed as a conductor , this is one of the few of his recordings than can be avoided . As others have pointed out , the strings are particularly in Scheherazade polished but in the overall I get the feeling that the ensemble was not able to get their usual synergy . It sounds as little pieces of music put together one after another instead of a whole work . For Scheherazade I seriously recommend trying Gergiev 's , Reiner 's , Mackerras 's or Kondrashin 's . As for the 1812 , again , not bad but far from being the best around .
 Barrueco is adding a lot of extra notes to the original music score and i believe that the audience should listen those pieces as it is in the original score , eventhough this music has been transcribed for another instrument . We know that it could be nice to add some notes if you are looking for some extra color but in this case , it is to much . I believe that it is not good for the audience because they are getting something that it is not by Bach . Also , the CD cover is not very atractive and the picture is not good .
 Lynyrd Skynyrd is absolutely one of my favorite bands . They , to me , epitomize what Southern Rock/Bar Rock oughtta sound like . However , I am somewhat of a purist and refuse to listen to anything post Ronnie Van years -LRB- itssssaaaa SIN ! -RRB- My moms bought this album back in the day , back before I knew anything about Lynyrd Skynyrd . This was my first glimpse of the band , and luckily not my last , because if this was all I knew of Lynyrd Skynyrd . . I probably never would have touched them again . This disc is lousy.The faults on this bit go on for miles . Ronnie Van must 've been proud that he was being a tributed , but was prolly rollin ' over to discover it was all a plea to make some of these survivors a little more bread.They should have come up with a different name ... like a tribute name ... Kin-of-Skynyrd -LRB- I just came up with that in two seconds . . it was n't hard -RRB- they vowed never to use the name Lynyrd Skynyrd again in the seventies , and looky here ! 20 years later and the travesty continues ... less than a quarter of the original line-up left ... constant quarrels between members , on who has the rights to what ... real great tribute . Ronnie must be proud.Thats really not the main problem though . New Skynyrd sounds like a country band . . Real Skynyrd was not a country band ... they were a ROCK band ... and who has time to listen to the audience sing the entire Free Bird ? Certainly not I. Go get ONE FROM THE ROAD live circa ' 74 . . the only live skynyrd you need -LRB- good stuff -RRB- , and leave this one for the other birds ...
 Note
 Attention ! The buyer who belongs to a place that is not inside the Region 1 will not be able to visualize the DVD.In our global world serious desirable to end once and for all with these disadvantages .
 I loved this album when it came out on LP in 1976 . I owned an import copy on the Charisma label , and the sound was warm and solid . This remastered CD has horrible sound . Not ` bad ' , mind you , HORRIBLE ! There is no bass , and the highs are exaggerstaed beyond belief , accentuating sibilance to the point of extreme irritation . DO N'T BUY THIS CD ! Try to find the older version .
 I am an old fan of Genesis from way back , but I have to say that this re-mixed version of A trick of the Tail is one that I get no pleasure at all in listening to.I am speaking about the SACD layer only as that is why I bought this disc ! I have many other SACD recordings and take great pleasure in rediscovering emotions through them , but I find this mix extremely lacking in bass , and the recording completely saturated . Not at all as how I remember the original.A very disappointing re-mix of a super album .
 First off , this review deals solely with the 2007 re-master edition . My one star rating is based on the sound quality of the stereo layer of this CD . The 5.1 surround version is interesting but nothing to write home about either . The music is a solid 5-star . ---------------- This has to be one of the most disappointing CD reissues I 've heard in the past 10 years -- truly a shame for such a classic recording . Do you want an example of the `` loudness wars '' in action ? This version of Trick of the Tail is compressed to the max in a vain effort to `` modernize '' its ' 70 's era sound . The overall volume is at least 6 db louder than the 1994 re-master . This makes the disc `` louder '' at the expense of dynamic range loss . Cymbals lose their shimmer and start to sound like crackling `` bacon in the pan '' . Phil Collin 's doubled vocal tracks seem to be non-existent . The bass is a rumbling mess . The drums do n't have that snappy `` thwack '' anymore . I wo n't even go into the guitar tracks . This was one of Steve Hackett 's signature Genesis albums IMO . Half of his parts are buried in the brick walled sound of this disc.In short , your ears will be too fatigued by this sonic mess . I doubt you 'll be able to hear the whole thing in one sitting.Though it also has it 's flaws , I would recommend going with the 1994 re-mastered edition of this CD if you can find it . Even the late 80 's original Atco version is miles ahead in tonal quality .
 I read your Cons , and would comment
 I do n't know if I can say much about this album . I ca n't say I liked it really , but it was n't exactly bad . Los Endos was cool . Dance On A Volcano , Ripples , Squonk , and the title track were promising . But everything else was kind of boring . At least Gabriel was gone . He 's much better singer as a solo artist than with Genesis .
 I will admit that Peter Gabriel did not hold all of Genesis ' talent within his own hands -- all of the members contributed on all of their pre Lamb Lies Down on Broadway albums . With this being said , this album is a cheap ripoff of Peter Gabriel 's Genesis . The only reason this album deserves more than one star is because it at least makes you remember how good Genesis once was by rehashing old ideas and Phil Collins ' blatant copying of Gabriel 's singing style . If you are a true Genesis fan and already have all of the albums featuring Gabriel 's unique focus and genius , I suggest you explore Gabriel 's body of solo work before wasting any money on this album .
 Doing this pseudo-inteliigent music , Genesis made a bad album , much worse than `` Selling ENgland by the Pound '' , which is a classic . It 's boring , slow , indulgent . Worthless .
 When you listen to this CD , it suddenly becomes clear why punk rock started , - to clear the airwaves of pompous dull `` schoolboy rock '' like this.This cd also represents the birth of Phil Collins as a songwriter which started many years of tedious and soppy love songs.Bring back Peter Gabriel ! Get Phil Collins some hair ! Put Tony Banks out of his misery and get Mike Rutherford to cut that silly beard.Don ' t waste your money just take a valium and watch drying paint , it has the same effect .
 I 've been a big Genesis fan for ages , and `` Trick '' has always been one of my favorites . I was recently in Japan on tour and was very excited to pick up the new ` remastered ' version . But I was shocked when I heard it . This is not just a sonic upgrade , it is a completely new mix , . And frankly , it is not as good a mix as the original . Among the many changes , the keyboards are not loud enough , a noticeable difference . On top of that , it seems some of the vocals have actually been re-cut , which is frustrating to listen to . If they wanted to do all this tweaking they should have characterized this release differently , called it `` New 2008 Version '' or something ... The word ` remaster ' is misleading.This almost reminds me of the spiffed-up new versions of the original Stars Wars trilogy . A big disappointment . Look for the earlier ` definitive edition remaster ' version from 1994 . 2 stars because it 's still a classic .
 I 'm a huge fan and have an outstanding system . This SACD/DVD-A will disappoint if you understand what breathing is when it comes to audio . Someone got overzealous with a compressor and made the vocal so bright that there are times when the music is gated in order to make way for it . If you want to hear what surround is capable of , purchase any Porcupine Tree disk or pick up the first Crowded House disk . Measure for measure , this disk is great if you are a die hard fan , but overdubbed concert footage and poorly engineered productions do n't make up for what you can get from the first stereo remaster even if it was only at CD sampling rates .
 Ok , the music is great and sounds just like I expected , BUT once again -LRB- like the Duke CD/DVD -RRB- the concert footage is poorly remastered ! The audio track does NOT match the video ... Phil sings , but his vocals arrive a ` touch ' late . Arrrgh ! Same annoying problem on the ` enhanced ' Duke 1980 concert footage.I have the VHS of that Trick of the Tail 1976 concert , and the audio is spot on . Also , the interviews on this DVD are perfect soundtrack-wise , so what 's up with the concert audio ? Is it just me ? I bought the CD/DVD primarily for the incredible Glasgow '76 concert footage , but feel frustrated . Any comments ? Help ?
 This is one of my favourite albums from Genesis . Songs are typically progressive and the melodies are cativating . Instrumental playing is the finest . The lyrics tell stories which reach our feelings . Phil Collins sings soft and blends into the melody and instruments , never fighting . Immediate recommendations for listening are Mad Man Moon keyboard-based melody , Entangled , a thrilling story and charming melody and Ripples , a cry about our limited lifespan . Anyone familiar with Smashing Pumpkins , Coldplay and Radiohead , just to mention a few more recent rock groups , should like this album , as would enjoy Genesis ' Wind and Wuthering and Seconds Out .
 It came in but it was not `` like new . '' A whirlpool of scratches came from the center . The first track did not play at all .
 ` Solstice ... ' is the Chicago death metal band 's first out of four CD 's . The vocals here are nearly incomprehensible.Some decent riffs on this disc , I 'll give them that much.Line-up : Tim King-bass & vocals , Adam Zadel-guitar , Jim Stopper-guitar and Tom Schofield-drums . Sorry , not for me.Might possibly appeal to some fans , of say Cannibal Corpse , Obituary , Coven and Rigor Mortis .
 This review and one star rating addresses primarily the MP3 download of this album . The recording itself is good , not the best , but worth listening to . The recording level is woefully low , requiring a much higher volume setting on your audio equipment than other recordings of this same work by Berlioz , and the recording is extremely dynamic , so you 're going to either miss parts of the music that are inaudible at low to medium volumes or blow the paintings off your walls during the more bombastic moments in the recording . While it may be true that this reflects the dynamic nature of the performance itself , a little volume leveling would have been nice for the recording.Now for the MP3 download
 This is supposed to be some kind of punk classic and , according to an earlier Amazon reviewer , an `` artistic peak '' for UK Subs -LRB- God help us -RRB- What worries me is that people will buy `` Another kind of Blues '' and think that because this so-called punk-classic is garbage that all so-called punk classics are garbage . They are n't . Buy `` Mush '' or `` Horsebox '' by Leatherface and you 'll see what I mean .
 This is a recording of a live performance in London that sounds like it was made in France from what sound managed to get through the chunnel . A total waste of money !
 I wanted a recording of Berlioz ' Romeo et Juliette , and so I bought this recording because the price was low and it appeared to be the work of a competent conductor and orchestra , even though I never heard of the singers . I have played it four times now , and it is terribly , terribly dull . It is so dull that I ca n't really review it , because it is almost as if I am listening to nothing . There must be better recordings of the work than this one.I generally like Berlioz , and I enjoy a recording of orhcestral excerpts from Romeo et Juliette conducted by Leonard Bernstein . It is this performance that is bad , not the work itself .
 Well , I took Amazon critic Jed Distler at his word on this one . So I went out and bought a copy of this unconventional take on Debussy 's music . Right off the bat , I found the `` La Mer '' quite captivating . However , regarding the `` Iberia , '' I think Distler 's assessment was too forgiving
 another Corny Prince song that is a Clutter of past riffs are tied as a song.in other words the same problem that has plagued Prince for the past almost 20 years.needed another Producer long ago & some new ideas with the Music making.the video is cool though.this Cut sounds like a Poor Man 's Bon Jovi Leftover that should have stayed on the Cutting room floor .
 I expected better quality tracks from a producer . The tracks on this cd lack musicianship and creativity . They sound like the guy just discovered DnB . Simple samples thrown together that just do n't sound good . Second time listening to the cd I skipped thru most of it . BORING !! Now I question Grooverider as an artist .
 Raw , Uncut and pretty rough . After listening to DJ Hype 's Fabriclive .03 , Grooverider brings me back to my musical reality . This genre is not for me .2 / 5 stars .
 I do n't often write negative reviews , but I feel I was swept up and carried away by the glowing accounts of this recording . In particular , it came recommended by Ted Libbey on his `` Top 50 Classical Recordings '' series with NPR . I almost always appreciate Mr. Libbey 's recommendations , but this one is a stinker - did he even listen to this recording before recommending it?Probably the most disappointing thing is the sound quality - you would think that a modern recording would yield great sound , but it really feels like you 're listening to the orchestra through a wall - everything is quiet and muffled . Because of this , it is impossible to sense the energy of the performance . Also , in my version I hear a frequent `` creaking '' sound , like someone leaning on old floorboards . It is very distracting , and along with the muffled sound makes it really hard to appreciate the music . At the quietest dynamics any musical tension dissolves.It ca n't all be blamed on the sound , though . The performance by the LSO fails to lend vitality to the composition , so that it feels like background music rather than something that should occupy your full attention . In my many attempted listens , I have rarely made it past the first movement before moving on to some other more interesting recording.I 'm not sure I 'll be getting another version of the Symphonie Fantastique , but if I do it will be either Bernstein 's w / Sony or Munch 's w / RCA , both of which are very highly regarded classic recordings.Don ' t take my word for it - If you need a professional critic to dissuade you from this recording check out Classics Today . I only wish I had read that review before wasting my money .
 Consolidating the accomplishments of one of the greatest bands in rock 'n' roll history onto one CD is criminal . Rhino Records does a great job with their `` Complete Greatest Hits , '' etc. , but this collection is incomplete , misrepresentative , and poorly arranged . Songs like `` Doolin ' Dalton '' make the cut , but `` In the City '' -LRB- which , for some reason , was not on the second Greatest Hits collection -RRB- is again overlooked . Admittedly , the Eagles have had some strange collections -LRB- `` After the Thrill is Gone '' being included on the second Greatest Hits despite its 1975 release -RRB- . So , because my review has been as helter-skelter as the arrangement of tunes on this CD , I will leave you with the recommendation of buying the individual albums or Greatest Hits collections .
 I 'm not too happy with the condition of the cd , not too mention the case!It was scratched and the case was broken.I would like to reoreder it , but not at this time.I love the Eagles music!Karen
 Take my advice I recommend Eagles Their Greatest Hits 1971-1975 volumes one and two is the definitive collection for the hardcore music fan out there . Because I have all these classic songs on my CD albums !
 The lead vocals are the weakest link in this band ; the drums are good , but sometimes a little overdone . The bass lines are very ordinary . The lyrics are vague , or unclear , which usually does n't matter - if your music has a hook . The best heavy metal bands in history all had this one thing in common - from Korn to Black Sabbath , no matter how `` hard '' the music is , it has a hook . Broken Thoughts does have its moments , where they slow down to an easier , more melodic groove . Word to the band
 In his music , Beenie Man advocates killing gays . More than30 gays have been killed in Jamaica , where he comes from.His music has lots of influence there . In some cases mobssang his anti-gay songs while they killed a man who might have been gay.When asked to apologize and change his ways he wrote a song about how hewould not apologize . If someone advocated the killingof Blacks or Jews , they would not be tolerated . It seems strangethat in the 21st century the world still tolerates someonewho advocates the killing of gays . I suspect that the worldwould not tolerate this if white men were getting killed.Please do n't support him by purchasing his music .
 I am a Celibidache-ophile , especially when it comes to Bruckner and Tchaikovsky , but please leave this one alone , ie . out of your collection . It is lethargic and quite frankly , BORING . I deleted it from my collection after a few hearings , which did n't help any to change my mind . Otherwise , i have retained every other Celibidache EMI CLASSICS recording I can lay my hands on from Amazon or other sources . But this one is a loser , even if it is cheap -LSB- but for good reason -RSB- . AMS in Boise
 Anyone who is interested in this recording most probably is well acquainted with Celi 's extremely lugubrious tempo and murky tone . His peculiar style works in the interpretation of Bruckner , Tchaikovsky , and perhaps some of Brahms ' works . But Haydn ? Combine his extremely slow tempo and gloomy tone in the interpretation of Haydn , and then the youthful freshness , vitality , and clarity of Haydn are all vanished away . What you get is Requiem of Haydn which he never wrote . Do n't spend a single penny for this recording . Listen Collin Davis or Eugen Jochum . By far they are the best interpreters of Haydn 's symphonies in general , ` Drumroll ' in particular .
 I 'm a big fan of Celibidache 's live recordings from the 1960 's with the Italian orchestras from rome and milan , etc. but what we have in these late EMI releases that I 've heard is possibly an example of ideology clouding judgement . Particularly in Tchaikovsky where rhythm and color are essential aspects of the Russian melos , this approach just wo n't wash . Anyone familiar with Russian style from the early conductors , Golavanov , Dubrowen , or pianists like Rachmaninoff , whose lineage to Tchaikovsky can not be seriously questioned , will likely find this performance of the Tchaikovsky 5th deeply unsatisfying . It is not only phlegmatic and colorless , but sounds like the conducting of a provincial kapellmeister . The concept that music must be slow enough to hear all the elements is theoretically true , but this is positively sclerotic . Sorry . For modern versions , try Mravinsky naturally , and Horenstein if you can find it .
 What strikes me about this recording is that two different interpretations are going on at the same time . Maestro Sawallisch gives an intimate parlor reading of the cycle -LRB- much in keeping with Schubert 's own milieu -RRB- while Thomas Hampson leads a full-blown operatic assault . This is disappointing because I prefer Hampson 's work when he sings on a smaller scale . Just listen to his Scene from Faust in the Hyperion Schubert Edition , where he practically whispers into Marie McLauglin 's ear . It is some of the most compelling drama I have ever heard.I much prefer the recording of Winterreise by Thomas Allen and Roger Vignoles , where there is a strong sense that the performers are on the same page .
 This geezer , who owns vinyl going back to My Generation , was disappointed . You can read all the glowing reviews here -LRB- I sure did -RRB- and be swayed . Or you can save your dough and go back to the Live at Leeds 14 track version , which includes many of the same songs , just in a more stirring performance . And , as a bonus , you get to skip the perfunctory Tommy stuff completely . It just ai n't worth it . From the sadly missing horns in the overture to the strained vocals throughout , this Tommy is a hobbled version of the original.I read here The Who was the finest live act ever . Maybe they were , though I sure did not see every big band in those days . I saw many , including the Moon-drumming Who twice , and was richly rewarded both times . Those were fun nights , with an energy and vibrancy I enjoyed . This CD just does not measure up.No need for more comment . I did n't much like it . Leeds is still a winner , this , a remote runner-up .
 I do n't know if I can express just how deeply disappointed I was in this release . What with the amazing heights of ecstasy brought on by the much expanded Live at Leeds , I was primed for more . At last , a complete Tommy , live . And really , Tommy live is the main point in buying this recording . The inclusion of a searing Amazing Journey/Sparks on Leeds pointed to the possibility of a thunderous experience here on Isle of Wight 1970 but alas , it is not to be.Note the circumstances surrounding this recording proudly spelled out in the gushing liner notes . It was 3:00 in the morning before the Who took the stage . The festival took place in August 1970 , a full year after the U.S. tour of Tommy and a full six months after the amazing performance at Leeds . And here they are , still doing the deaf , dumb , and blind bit . They were obviously over Tommy and it shows.There seems to be very little attempt at focusing on the rock opera material . The band 's playing is sloppy , the vocals - particularly Pete 's - are strained . Townsend 's lead riffing is stumbling , embarrassing . And Sally Simpson is just plain missing.The boys sound like they 're just hamming their way through it because it is expected . Their hearts are clearly onto new things . And those new things for late 1970 are the only saving grace to this recording . Water - while lyrically inane - is at least performed with some gusto . As is Naked Eye . But these two jewels in an otherwise tarnished crown are hardly worth the price of admission .
 Everything about this release is wrong , except for the content . Maybe if the sound was recompressed , remixed and washed out a couple of times it might be tolerable . It seems most of The Who 's punch from `` Live at Leeds '' was lost in the open air of this festival . I 've heard better bootlegs , but not to say that this recording is `` dirty '' , because it 's not . If anything is too quiet , clean and tired . I 'd pass .
 this is by far the worst live disc I have heard . I was at this show and it was nothing like this muffed miss mix they so shamelessly put out here . Townsend owes me and every other fan a personal apology
 It 's odd to note that the only reason why I ended up liking Gloria was after hearing her perfom at the 1996 olympics . Her Song `` Reach '' truly captivates the mind and soul and reflects the raw tallent a singer who can enflict her feelings of emotion to the audience with her voice . Sadly the rest of the album lacked to what should have been a grammy winner . The over use of the afro-latin beat killed it and that ever cheeky `` higher '' was probably one of her worst songs ever written . In short if you are appreciate the true afro rhythem beat , then you would not mind this album , but for the rest of us who appreciate Gloria as that latin Dancing , Disco singing , Miami Sound machine girl , then you 'd appreciate her other albums , particularly her greatest Hits CD .
 This is totally something you are really looking for . I have found this by surfing Amazon and getting recommendations . This one is strange . Not a bad strange . Think Sigur Ros with the volume turned up . No Icelandic lyrics but , they do have their own way of putting lyrics to this music . It also has some beats from a drum machine in there also . Over all it is a strange but , good album .
 I was completely shocked and disappointed by this recording of `` Les Troyens . '' Despite an insufficient Dido in Josephine Veasey , Davis ' earlier recording has life and drama . This one is brisk but unemotional , cleanly sung and played but totally lacking in drama . All of the voices -LRB- Heppner included -RRB- sound as if they are reaching for something but not finding anyone there but , more startling , Colin Davis ' conducting has no dramatic feel or forward impetus despite -LRB- or perhaps because of -RRB- the brisk tempos . You would do much better to buy the old 1969 recording with Veasey and Vickers or , better yet , the early - '80s Met video with Jessye Norman -LRB- Cassandra -RRB- , Placido Domingo -LRB- Enee -RRB- and the late Tatiana Troyanos -LRB- Dido -RRB- in one of her greatest roles .
 My husband heard one song of this album on the radio and ordered the CD . He was disappointed .
 I really wanted to like this CD . I tried , I really did . But in the end , it never got above generic rock for me . Yes , it does rock pretty hard at times , but the main thing I could n't get past was the pretentiousness of the lyrics . Enough of the heavy-handed Biblical imagery already , Barbara ! Leave that sort of thing to Dylan ... he knows what to do with it . -LRB- In fact , they end this CD with a cover of Bob 's `` Highway 61 Revisited , '' and do n't do the song any favors . -RRB- And while Barbara Keith has power in her voice , I do n't hear much soul . Take a listen to Neko Case to hear the difference between a belter and a singer who can mix a strong voice with subtlety.Musically , the CD is full of pretty straightforward rock riffs , a bit along the lines of Joan Jett without the growl and later ZZ Top . They 're basically a competent bar band that needs to lay off the sophomoric `` poetry , '' and honestly , I 'm a bit baffled by the overwhelming response this CD has gotten here in the Amazon reviews . I guess this might sound good compared to a lot of what you hear on mainstream radio and MTV -LRB- when they play videos -RRB- these days -- that is , you 'd have to not have been doing much exploring outside the mainstream over the past decade or so . To each their own , in any case , but the lyrics of these songs make me cringe . I need it played with more freewheeling spirit , more heart , more soul , and a little more creativity . A bit of a sense of humor would n't kill them either , for that matter .
 WARNING WARNING WARNING DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM - Imagine , if you can , Sheryl Crow recovering from a headcold and a 3 day cocaine , booze , laxative and Draino binge yodelling some seriously hideous , contrived country lyrics so shallow and insincere that even Garth Brooks would puke uncontrollably . Still with me ? Cause they do n't stop there , noooo . This album is like a black hole . I 'm sure that if it were played over a loudspeaker it would quickly end even the worst European soccer riot . Thoroughly wretched playing by all the band members -LRB- thank god there are only 3 of them -RRB- can not hope to elevate this utter affront to the human race . Once again shame on Amazon.com . You know better but chose to bring this to your customers anyway .
 This cd has nothing to do with lars pederson , and should not be in the when store . I was completely decieved into buying this cd ... . It is just some stupid jamaican hip hop where every song sounds the same and you ca n't understand a word there saying ... do not buyit is not When from norway ...
 Its punk all right but I do n't feel there is much to this album.All the tracks are very short , less than 2 minutes . After listening to the album for a little while I ca n't pinpoint one song that I really like .
 Kind of like An@l C * nt without the talent .
 dont buy this it sucks . Beverly hills is a good song the rest of them are crap . Buy mainliner by social distortion
 First off , as soon as I opened the case to look at the discs , it broke down the spine becoming essentially unusable . Second , every movie has Korean subtitles that can not be turned off -LRB- even if you go into the `` setup '' menu item and select none -RRB- . That being said , the transfers look acceptable and the price is hard to beat . Had I to do it over again though , I probably would NOT buy this . It 's nothing more than a cheap knock-off .
 I ordered this collection & had high hopes . Unfortunately , it was a bad experience :1 -RRB- The biggest problem is that some of the movies have SUBTITLES YOU CA N'T TURN OFF . I put `` The Great Dictator '' in and noticed the Korean subtitles - which were on by default . So I went to the menu and was able to turn them off . Then I put in `` Modern Times '' & noticed the same thing , so I went to turn them off BUT YOU CAN `` T ! There is no `` set up '' menu item on that disc , unlike the `` The Great Dictator '' disc . BOOO ! I did n't check any other discs , just went to return it at this point .2 -RRB- The plastic box that the DVDs comes in arrived badly broken . The DVD s looked fine , and played OK , but the case was badly damaged .3 -RRB- The item did not ship on its ship date , but Amazon did not inform me of any delays until I emailed them . Thankfully , they apologized and upgraded the shipping , to their credit .
 this is a cheap korean pirated copy.Wondering what to do as i am now in possession of an illegal copy ?
 now that the price is reduced , I feel even worse , music listed on track is incorrect , waste of money and time
 Just as I expected , I knew that there would be rabid fans labeling this affair with overwrought accolades . Ms. Thorn has produced much better work than this with EBTG and various guest appearances . But without the club beat-backed tracks too add some `` oomph '' , this album would be one big snooze . And even the club tracks do n't sizzle . There was nothing here that made me want to know what she was singing about . I just did n't care.Brilliant ? Umm , I do n't think so .
 I listened to the CD with long awaited hopes of hearing Tracey 's voice . But I have to say it sounds absolutely nothing like her ! I gave it a fair chance , I listened to the CD 3 times through . I 'll keep waiting for the next CD in hopes of hearing her amazing EBTG voice singing ballads .
 Oh , so heavy , Dave . Oh , so dull
 When I bought this album , I took it home and only had a few moments to listen to the first three songs . I liked them enough so I ripped the album onto my computer playlist and left it at that.I forgot about it from then on , only hearing various songs during random playing , which in general I either liked or did n't mind.Recently I decided to listen to the album all the way through , and I was amazed by how poor it works out afterall . The lyrics are okay , sometimes becoming very interesting , but the music and style of singing quickly become repetitive . I found it very difficult not to tune it out after two or three songs , and whenever I tuned in I would start to get annoyed by the lead singer 's voice . It 's interesting at first , irritating in time , and abrasive by the end.This album is not something I can really imagine handling all the way through for any good reason . It seems to work best broken up and randomized , at moments popping up onto the playlist and then going away for a while . If you have a rather large collection of music and an iPod or computer playlist handy , hey , knock yourself out . If you expect to listen to this thing all the way through , you 're going to either be bored or irritated . -- PolarisDiB
 Amazon keeps recommending this to me because I like 45 Grave.But , after wasting money on another album by this band , `` Scriptures '' , I know better . Cool name , cool logo , lame music . I wo n't be fooled twice .
 I was inspired to purchase this cd after loving Bebel Giberto 's `` Tanto Tempo '' , as Suba was credited for one of my favorite songs . However , for those who revel in the true Brazilian sounds of samba and bossa nova , Suba 's sound is not what you are accustomed to . After listening to a few tracks I was bored with the repetitive techno sound . While there are a few interesting sounds here , give me real musicians and sensuous rhythmns over electronic sound !
 I was inspired to purchase this cd after loving Bebel Giberto 's `` Tanto Tempo '' , as Suba was credited for one of my favorite songs . However , for those who revel in the true Brazilian sounds of samba and bossa nova , Suba 's sound is not what you are accustomed to . After listening to a few tracks I was bored with the repetitive techno sound . While there are a few interesting sounds here , give me real musicians and sensuous rhythmns over electronic sound !
 My goodness . What is the LSO thinking ? The majesty of The Planets is just ruined by this tinny , over-paced rendition . Some of the already faster paced movements are ok , but the powerful pieces -LRB- e.g. , Mars and Jupiter -RRB- sound absolutely awful in this frantic chaotic tempo playing a register too high . Almost like a high school band with a couple of overzealous trumpets trying to get through it all to get home before supper.I know that Colin Davis likes to make his mark on pieces and somehow `` make them his own '' , but this is rather ridiculous . Playing great music badly , a masterpiece makes not .
 You want a good tone-poem , buy a recording of Smetana 's `` Ma Vlast '' - Zubin Mehta and the Israel Philharmonic do a great job on this piece . But this piece is really quite ... well , lame . The whole piece -LRB- with the possible exception of the choral finale -RRB- , sounds as though it is trying to line up with a bad version of `` Braveheart . '' McCartney , although an amazingly good performer and one of the century 's best songwriters , simply can not hold his own in the Classical field . As Stravinsky once put it , classical music `` is a different fraternity . '' And it is one in which McCartney does not cut it . If you like cliched movie music , then by all means buy this album , and you will like it . But I just do not feel that this piece has any meat that listeners can sink their teeth into .
 We all know that Macca went through a stage when he preferred one legged objects , and this clearly illustrates that weakness . Strip away the classical music prosthetics from this teetering stone , and this is just horribly trite music . The scariest aspect perhaps is that this is what classical music sounds like to Macca -- no substance with a choir singing backup .
 The liner notes to Standing Stone '' quote Paul McCartney in an hilarious `` This is Spinal Tap '' vein
 Why was this recorded and released -LRB- while many much worthier pieces are not -RRB- ? Presumably because Paul McCartney 's name is on it . Why was it -LRB- heavily -RRB- publicized ? Presumably because Paul McCartney 's name is on it . Why is it getting -LRB- some -RRB- favorable reviews ? Presumably because Paul McCartney 's name is on it . What did I expect ? Well , I hoped at least for a catchy tune or two . No such luck . Nothing here I 'd call a melody or tune , catchy or not . -LRB- This is a piece with a program , by the way -- a program based on an ostensible epic poem in free verse . In other words , it does not rhyme and is not metered , but it omits articles , prepositions , and verbs to show it is nevertheless `` poetry '' . It can be summarized thus
 Musicians generally understand a symphony to be an orchestral work , the first movement of which is in sonata form . By this -- standard -- definition , `` Standing Stone '' is NOT one , nor , so far as I can see , does it claim to be . So what IS `` Standing Stone '' ? Symphonies commonly have four movements , as `` Standing Stone '' purports to . Each of `` Standing Stone '' 's , however , subdivides into smaller autonomous units which do not share musical material . We have really , then , nineteen separate movements strung in a series , most of which , though fairly amorphous , we might loosely characterize as `` song form '' movements . Most orchestral song form movements do not involve the use of voices , but since these do , and since these voices presumably constitute a sort of crutch , we can go further and call `` Standing Stone '' a collection of nineteen songs without words -- just not a particularly good collection of songs without words . -LRB- Toward the beginning , by the way , Richard Strauss 's `` Also Sprach Zarathustra '' -- theme from `` 2001
 Someone has compared Paul McCartney to George Gershwin . In defense of Gershwin I should like to point out that Gershwin was a -LRB- relatively -RRB- trained musician who could read and write music and an accomplished pianist who performed himself premieres of important concert works , that his concert music did n't require the services of transcribers , co-composers , arrangers , or , with one exception , orchestrators . -LRB- The one exception is `` Rhapsody in Blue '' , orchestrated by Ferde Grofe because Gershwin was working to a crushing deadline . -RRB- Even so , Gershwin 's concert music would probably have been forgotten long ago if it had n't sought to combine , in a timely manner , elements of classical music with elements of jazz , ragtime , and blues . `` Standing Stone '' , on the other hand , does not analogously seek to combine elements of classical music with elements of rock and roll , and if it did , it would be several decades late of novel anyway.Someone else calls Mr. McCartney is `` one of the -LSB- twentieth -RSB- century 's best songwriters '' , but the critical consensus , as well as my own opinion and that of every one I know , is that , as a body , his post-Beatles pop music is decidely poor . As for his Beatles pop music , `` Newsweek '' once called BURT BACHARACH the George Gershwin of the sixties and this assessment , echoed by many others , is , I think , right on the mark .
 No one can deny that Sir Paul McCartney is one of the greatest songwriters of the century . But how can this man , who wrote so many brilliant songs in the 60 's , compose such crappy classical music ? Harmonically and melodically the music is n't very interesting , it is n't new , original or totally different than much other music -LRB- his tonal idiom reminded me a bit of what Carl Orff and Debussy did several decades earlier -RRB- . Even though one might be the best pop songwriter in the world , without the vision , thoughts and experience of a classical symphonist , one can never write a masterly large-scale symphonic poem
 McCartney works best in short form ... some of his best songs like Admiral Halsey or Band on the Run are the skilled fusion of 2 or more melodies ... McCartney and Lennon did this in a A Day in A Life ... which is their magnum opus ... however , Standing Stone just does n't go anywhere until the finale ... it may have made a good film score , but as a classical piece , it does n't go anywhere ... there are some neat melodic shifts here and there , and I give it 2 stars for the lilting finale ... it is definitely a step ahead of the absolutley tedious Oratorio ... I think that his next classical project , composed of several shorter works will prove to be the most listenable as they are not long ambitious works ... we 'll see ...
 Umm , listening with your guts is n't exactly a good way to listen to music , in spite of what an earlier reviewer asserts.In contrast with my earlier , one star review , i had to add one more star . The piece as a whole still warrants the one star , I feel , but the chorale finale , helps this piece out - enough to raise the rating . This finale is proof that McCartney does have some very good ideas to share with the world in a classical context . My hope is whatever inspired him to write that finale will inspire him to write his next piece.There is hope for him - he may rise to being an excellent composer . We 'll have to wait and see .
 I disagree that we are somehow under obligation either to review this favorably or not review it at all . I disagree that we are obliged to buy it on faith . As it happens I HAVE given it a chance ; I have listened to it . -LRB- Note that I am not on a first-name basis with its co-author ; I have n't met him . -RRB- I recommend that you do not suffer as I have . I recommend that you do not buy it . I recommend that you do not listen to it
 I disagree that we are somehow under obligation either to review this favorably or not review it at all . I disagree that we are obliged to buy it on faith . As it happens I HAVE given it a chance ; I have listened to it . -LRB- Note that I am not on a first-name basis with its co-author ; I have n't met him . -RRB- I recommend that you do not suffer as I have . I recommend that you do not buy it . I recommend that you do not listen to it
 I ordered this by mistake . I really wanted the Walt Disney version . This is a very amateur presentation of the story .
 I 'm a big admirer of Claudio Arrau . Some of his discs , including his 1950 recordings of all the Chopin Preludes -LRB- no longer available -RRB- are great and unique interpretations . However , the present CD has to be one of his worst efforts in the catalog . As the previous reviewer noted , on the Fouth Etude of Op. 10 in C-sharp minor , Arrau cautiously plays this presto as though it were allegretto . But it 's about more than just speed . He misses the dynamics , the accents , the colorations , that make these pieces dramatic . Arrau seems either unfamiliar or uncomfortable with the shape and flow of these works . Everything is rather awkward . There are also moments , such as in the majestic Etude No. 11 of Op. 25 -LRB- `` Winter Wind '' -RRB- , where he is not only decidedly tentative and non-stormy , but his fingers slow down to navigate tricky passages , dissipating all tension . Not surprisingly , he 's better in the most introspective -LRB- and slow -RRB- Etudes , where his beautiful tone , discernable even here in this poor recorded sound , and expressive use of pedal allow him to render mysterious shapes and shadows . But when the music calls for sforzando , when fingers must be fleet , when the fire must rage , Arrau ca n't deliver the goods , and gives us a very creaky and uncertain performance . He honestly sounds in spots like he was just learning some of these works that day as they were recording them . This is a surprising situation from someone I regard as a great artist . But even in Joseph Horowitz 's book Conversations With Arrau , these works are skipped over when discussing the high points of the pianist 's discography . Hear Arrau for the Beethoven 4th concerto -LRB- though not the last tepid recording with Colin Davis -RRB- , hear him for his Appassionata , his Beethoven Opp . 109 and 110 , his Lizst Trancendental Etudes , and his Debussy Preludes , but here go with someone else.The trouble is , I could n't recommend a great complete set . Finer recordings than this can be found by Pollini , Matsuzawa and even -LRB- gasp -RRB- Perahia , but I 've never heard a complete set that 's really been satisfying . This is music that is more than 150 years old and has yet to find the definitive recording ! Richter tantilized us with blazing performances of some of the Etudes , Josef Lhevinne made great recordings of a few , Cziffra and Argerich both gave us highly caffeinated complete sets , and of course Cortot made famous recordings of a number of them -LRB- which I do n't * quite * like as much as the rest of the world does -RRB- . Overall , however , the dicography here is lacking . The great complete set of Chopin Etudes has yet to be made .
 I love some of the remastered recordings from years gone by , but the sound on this one was a little disappointing .
 Comon ladies and gentleman . Another set of repertoire light years ahead of Arrau 's technique . Just like the Liszt etudes Arrau is a real non factor in this music . Listen to No. 4 , Chopin said Presto , Arrau says Allegretto ... . actually he does n't say it - its just he ca n't play any faster . In order to deal with the blatant and clear technical deficiencies he has to slow down ever 10 bars or so . Its really frustrating when a clearly technically incompetent pianist somehow receives praise for creatively finding way to circumvent dealing with the technical challenges of a piece.Just a sidenote there is one other person who agree with me about Arrau 's playing ... . Horowitz.Unbelievable .
 I bought this LP when it first came out . I 'd drowned my happy soul in `` Out of the Cool '' and got lost for months in the moods of `` Individualism '' . Add to that his `` Guitar Forms '' LP with Kenny Burrell and the `` Sketches '' album , I was ready for more of the pure Evanescence , and not ready for Gil Evans to do what most self-respecting composers do -- shift gears . No , change cars . In mid-drive . This album was a huge change to me , and I tried to follow him but could n't . Kind of like trying to follow Stravinsky from his neo-classical phase to his atonal phase . Maybe he -LRB- Gil Evans -RRB- made it , maybe the other reviewers are right , and it 's all great stuff , but it lost me . No magic , no startles , no surprises that I could suck into my soul and thrive on.So , be warned , be cautious . It 's a change , and it signals a change that he continued on for the rest of his career , and if you loved `` Individualism '' , you might not make the jump . Then again , maybe you will . I just have to go on record to say all this , as one Evans fan who is disappointed .
 This was a huge disappointment . This is nothing like I thought it would be . It sounds like a really bad cross breed between the stage show Celtic Women and B-side Cranberries songs . Not good . Check out Waylander instead for Irish folk music/metal blend .
 Sadly I did n't recived the CD listed here but a compilation . Exactly this one :[ ... -RSB- By the way the content is faboulous !
 Purchase this CD and give it a listen . Purchase five or six more copies , and with a couple wire coat hangers and some fishing line , you can fashion yourself a dandy spinning mobile . Shiny enough to entertain toddlers , or to frighten unwanted pests from your garden , this mobile may be finest ` green ' alternative to relistening to the CD without just tossing it in the trash.Unfortunately , this recording is not particularly insightful or inspiring , not a suitable first choice for a new listener to Bruckner , and definitely not a replacement for a favorite recording by a seasoned listener.Many times when attending a fine concert , I think , `` That was really quite a performance , I hope it will be rebroadcast on radio , or released on CD . '' I wonder if the attendees of this concert were thinking something similar . Mmmmmmmmm ... probably not .
 I have n't been exposed to any of the radio and TV hype about the Eroica Trio . Neither have I heard any of their concerts yet . The only hype I 've _ seen _ is looking through some of the fan web sites today , and reading reviews here at Amazon . I have not heard their two subsequent discs yet , either . So , I 'm reviewing only on the basis of what I hear and see on this debut CD.I bought this disc mainly to hear their rendition of the Ravel Trio , and because the Schoenfield piece looked like fun . The Ravel is , unfortunately , a major disappointment here . I have four other CD 's of this wonderful piece , and by comparison all four hold the composition together better than the Eroica Trio does . The Eroica do not give much flowing forward motion to the music , nor do they make the structure clear ; instead , they bog down in sweet sounds that quickly become uninteresting -LRB- not going anywhere -RRB- . The mind wanders . The piece seems interminably long and incoherent . The fast portions are OK but nothing special , and the slow sections just get soggy.Some of this shows up in the movement timings , too . Rubinstein/Heifetz/Piatigorsky
 Just to clarify what the reviewer below me said , it does sound like Fantasia is screaming some of the time but that is largely because the CD is horribly over produced . Note to Producers
 She sings pretty well , but I do not like her CD .
 I kind of liked her on American Idol , although there is a sound in her voice , similar with Donald Duck ! I thought I would give her cd a chance ! Wish I did n't buy it . It really is n't good . That sound , the duck sound is there , I really do hear it ! UGH
 summertime is not all its cracked up to be take the visual away and its not so great . her upper register is almost child like sounding very nasal . fantasia is a great performer but not a great singer . theres one macy grey and believe me thats far too many . I belive is a mess this girl is supposed to be the best singer in the country , well then were in trouble . kelly clarkson is the only AI to show true promise five years down the road she will probably still be around . I wouldnt buy this single . lets wait till fantasia album comes out then well really see what see can do
 NOTHING SPECIAL ABOUT THIS SINGLE.THE ONLY SONG I LIKE IS `` CHAIN OF FOOLS '' & WE HEARED IT BEFORE ON AI3 CD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I WAS EXPECTING BETTER QUALITY THATS ALL.FANTAISA IS TALENTED BUT THAT WASNT FEATURED IN THE SINGLE !!!!!!!!!!!!! PERSONALY I DNT RECOMMEND IT .
 I like her songs but there is to much yelling in the songs.She has a great voice but for me it would be better to tonedown some notes . I love the vibes and energy .
 I thought that this CD was n't my favorite , and that `` Summertime '' was getting really old for my taste . Barrino performed it three times on American Idol , and none of the times did it impress me to a certain point that it seemed to for the judges . Her voice seemed a little nasally and seemed to be distracted a lot by all of her `` yeah yeah 's '' . I was not all that impressed by this single .
 `` Donald Duck on helium . '' Grating to the ears , at best . Fantasia should audition for a spot in the musical Hairspray , where sreeching is celebrated .
 I watched AI3 this year off and on even though none of the contestants this round seed to have `` it '' what ever `` it '' is . That thing that made me forgo whatever I had planned to stay home and tune in . I was really surprised Fantasia went as far as she did , she was constantly in the bottom 3 , and then she `` won '' . I gave this CD single a listen in all fairness and I still think WTF were they thinking ? She was entertaining somewhat on the show , but that `` yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah ooooooh yeah yeah yeah , '' crap at the end of every song got really old , really fast . I guess her voice grates my nerves for the same reason Patti Labell 's does ... save the gospel vocal histrionics for church ladies . Just sing the song without busting a femoral artery for crying out loud . Louder and harder DOES NOT equal better . Screaming in key is still screaming . Watching AI3 and hearing the contestants this year just made me dig out my Clay Aiken single from last summer and dust it off . Sure , `` This Is The Night '' was a super-cheesy song , but it was delivered with sincerity , soaring pitch-perfect vocals and a wink . Not everyone can get away with that kind of delivery . Geeze , where 's Clay Aiken when you need him ? I can only hope AI4 does not rear it 's ugly head next year .
 I like fantasia on the show but was disappointed with her cd , she sounds to nasal and screechy , I believe is a gospel song which I really do n't hear the soul in her voice but maybe its because I just do n't like the song . The other two well just are n't good in my opinion . Their are so many better singers out there .
 Zero star for the vocals . This girl simply does n't deserve airtime . Her voice is squeaky , her tone is pitchy , and her style is ugly . No wonder she 's already a has-been after releasing only one single !
 I think Fantasia is a very talented singer with a bright future . I love her energetic powerful voice makes me believe that nothing is impossible but her styles of music will only be for a certain type of market . When you are in the music industry , you need a broader market -LRB- music for everyone -RRB- in order to be a star and I do n't think that she will be there . . Her song is on the billboard at # 1 but compare with previous AI winners -LRB- Kelly & Ruben -RRB- her sales is not even half of them on their first week . . and that does n't look promising for her future . Anyway ! I wish you all the best of luck Fantasia . . I may not like the type of your music or the way you sing it but I have nothing against you and I think that you work hard to be where you are and you deserve to go along the way !
 I had heard so much hype about Fantasia that I expected her CD to be better than this . Contrary to reports she is not and never will be another Whitney Houston .
 I ca n't believe she was able to win a talent contest with this voice ! Her voice is so screechy that it actually hurts my ears . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This album offers nothing more than the bad performances that Fantasia showed on American Idol . Her voice is as annoying as ever - very squeaky as if she 's not singing . The style is no better . The constant hange in lyrics to yeah , yeah , yeahs is absolutely shows absolutely no class and no espect for the composers of the songs.This is the worst AI CD I 've ever purchased . While I do n't agree with the personal attacks made on her on this site , I 'm not surprised that the one-star reviews are overwhelming.Those who do n't like her CD have as much right to say their piece as those who like it . If Fantasia 's fans ca n't take the criticisms being made on their idol , they should n't put her in such a high-profile position .
 Do n't waste your money on this CD , unless you enjoy screaming instead of singing ! Spend the money on Diana 's single , someone who can actually sing !
 Yikes just what we need another nasal sounding singer . Bad singer , bad cd , do not recommend unless you have ear plugs .
 I do n't want to make anyone mad , but she ca n't sing any better than average . What 's the point of a show like this if that 's all we end up with ? I bouht both Fantasias and Diana 's CD 's and neither turned out that good . Diana 's was slightly better but boring as well .
 I bought this cd thinking and hoping I could enjoy the music of the newest American Idol . I was wrong . Her voice is irritating , the gospel song I believe is not only written poorly but any church goer can sing it . Save your money this girl is going nowhere , I only hope she stays home in NC .
 I ca n't believe anyone is buying this piece of nothing ! Should n't have won ! Just goes to show that the voting is screwed up ! Need to change it to reflect real talent .
 Just dreadful . did n't even make it home and I was dissapointed . I ended up playing my Clay CD instead .
 I can not allow myself to purchase the soundtrack for the TV show Girls Behaving Badly -LRB- joke -RRB- . Seriously , I heard enough of her on the American Idol to last me three lifetimes . Actually , originally I wrote this review without listening to the free sample clips . I just finished listening to them and popped three Advil . She is a average singer who sells albums based on her charisma . The songs are painful to listen to and the production is also very hallow/empty sounding -LRB- B-rated -RRB- .
 Another Idol , more hype , bad songs , mediocre performances ... enough is enough people ! American Idol needs to be cancelled immediately ... unfortunately , this is what America wants ... I 'm just waiting for the day when this show will be passe ' . These kids are having their lives ruined by this show . This CD is just another example of why America is in the sad shape its in .
 I find Fantasia 's voice annoying . Summertime is good , but the other two songs , she 's yelling and screechy . Her voice has a weird cartoonish squeak to it that is like fingernails on a chalkboard to me .
 If you are a single mom I highly recommend this cd because it will make you happy . otherwise - just like a duck on helium .
 American Idol has topped itself in reaching an alltime low . She ca n't sing great only a like a cartoon . She sets a poor example for single mothers who think they will become the next American Idol . If I 'm generous , I 'd say she is a pretty good singer , but not American Idol , or what I 'd expect . Diana DeGarbage does n't matter either . Everyone knows that Jennifer Hudson was the only hope we had and the stupid rigged show blew it for us !
 I think that this single is awful . The songs are so cheesy , and I 've heard enough of Fantasia . Her voice makes me cringe at times , when she screeches through her higher notes . And the million `` yeah , yeah 's '' are now unbearable to listen to . This really does n't seem like `` music '' to me . I do like `` I Believe '' - but I like Diana 's better . I think most people would realize how much better Diana 's was if they had the rest of the song , like Fantasia got to have . Although Diana 's single was terrible too ... `` I Believe '' was a good song for Diana . It just fits her voice much better . I do n't see good things for Fantasia in the future . I really do n't think any of the American Idols will last , sad to say .
 She might have power in her voice but it is one that is best suited for Broadway . Too much of everything is not a good thing . Thought the tone on her CD might be downplayed from AI but was wrong . Overproduced , oversung ~ OVERDONE !
 I 'm disappointed in this CD . I just did n't like it . `` I believe '' is a porr excuse for a song , full of every cliche we 've ever heard in a song . Fantasia 's voice has a squeaky quality that I just do not care for .
 If you 're into sound that 's so screechy that you 'd need to have earplugs , this CD is for you . Otherwise , do n't waste your money on this trash . The songs are cheesy , the production is low-quality , but the worst thing is the voice
 Better songs , better performances , and more importantly , BETTER VOICE . You wo n't hear any squeaking in that album !
 I ca n't believe that anybody would think her voice is good . I think she needs voice lessons , and then she will be listenable.Her intonation is horrible . Any singer with experience knows that you need to have pure , round sounds instead of a closed , cartoon sound .
 I was disappointed to see that Fantasia won over Diana . I think she 's WAY overrated . Her voice really is n't that good . The only thing good about this CD is I Believe , but Diana really tore it up on that one . I love AI , but Fantasia is not one of the best singers to come from the show . I 'm debating whether or not to buy her CD when it 's released , but chances are that I probably wo n't unless I can get it cheap . What 's the deal with everyone saying that her rendition of Summertime is anything wonderful ? When I heard it , I really did n't care for it . Chain Of Fools is okay , but it 's not really my cup of tea , either . I would say this-save your money and buy Diana 's CD , you probably think I 'm biased , but I 'm not because I have enjoyed everyone on AI thus far . I just firmly believe that Diana has the stronger voice and the upper hand over Fantasia .
 I do n't think that Fantasia should have won . When she `` sings '' it 's just a bunch of screeching and scratching , not really singing at all , but that 's just me . and chain of fools was just taken from the soul cd was n't it ? it sounds exactly the same . I think it would have been better for her fans if she released something that everyone has n't already heard !!
 Well , what do we really expect from a non-singer who tries to shriek through each song with her squeaky voice?No wonder this is a flop by AI standards !
 I do not know why people would listen to this horrible sounding stuff , it certainly is n't singing ! She has the worst voice I have ever heard . This was definitely a waste of my money , not one of the three songs on here are any good . She needs some professional lessons before she records again !
 HOW WOULD I AND MANY OTHERS I KNOW DESCRIBE FANTASIA 'S VOICE ? UMMMMMM ? LET ME SEE ?? BABYISH , GRATING , NAILS DOWN A BLACKBOARD , SREECHING , NASALLY , JUST TO NAME A FEW . GOD KNOWS HOW SHE GOT SO FAR , OH I KNOW !! RANDY JACKSON , THAT 'S WHO & HOW , WITHOUT HIM SHE CERTAINLY WOULD N'T HAVE GOTTEN INTO THE TOP 32 LET ALONE THE TOP 2 . LATOYA WAS FAR BETTER , MAYBE JENNIFER HUDSON , AND THE WAY DIANA DIGARMO SINGS `` I BELIEVE '' IS OUT OF THIS WORLD . FANTASIA IS N'T EVEN IN D/D 's LEAGUE . FANTASIA WILL HOPEFULLY ONLY BE A ONE HIT WONDER AND WE WO N'T HAVE TO LISTEN TO HER DRIVEL ANYMORE .
 I have n't been really following the whole AI thing this year but Wow , I thought all the people that were complaining about Fantasia sounding like nails on a chalk board and Donald Duck with all her screeching were just bashing her because their favorite did n't win . BUT ... After hearing this CD I can see where they are all coming from . She is really AWFUL . It was actually painful to listen to her . It 's hard to believe that the show is n't fixed when you figure that Fantasia is the best the AI show had to offer America this year . It 's just the most pathetic thing I heard in a long time ! It 's a shame they do n't offer the option of ZERO stars because it hurt me to actually give this CD a rating of even 1 star !!!!
 Now I wish Jennifer Hudson had won . What bad luck she had . She 's so much better than Fantasia , with a rich voice and versatile style . I really wanted to like Tasia 's debut , but there 's no variety here and song selection is poor . -LRB- Chain of Fools is not a good choice to cover , since nobody can compare to Aretha -RRB- . Sure hope the full-length album by Fantasia is better -LRB- I 'll make sure I preview it first before buying , though . -RRB-
 I love the series and always buy the new releases , but this one is really annoying . I could n't get through it ... I think she does better live . Very disappointed .
 3 things describe this disc , Dreadful , out of tune , boring ! Would not recommend to worst enamy !
 What else is there to say , I can not believe this single . The I believe song can be found in any church and would sound better then Fantasia , She sings like a frog and struts across the stage like a duck . Saw her performance tonight at macys holiday 4th and had to change the channel when I saw her hiphuggers showing more then I wanted to see . Come on Fantasia , your no britney spears , and definately no star . Give it up before you really make yourself look bad .
 The only song good on this cd single was I Believe . The rest of the songs sucked ! Save your money for Diana 's single when it comes out .
 After listening to this CD , I 'm happy to say that I did n't buy it -LRB- my friend ripped a copy for me -RRB- . But there is no reason to berate me for owning a copy because I 'll be giving it back . I figure it cost my friend fifty cents to make the copy . That 's fifty cents down the drain!The CD is mediocre at best with too much warbly singing , bad backgrounds , and lousy editing . If this is the best of AI , this country is in trouble !
 I ca n't say enough about Fantasia Barrino . My only problem is the music is awful and the production really stinks ! Sorry Fantasia , but they let you down .
 I listened carfuly to the single & here 's what i have to say :1 - `` I BELIEVE ''
 this cd isnt good at all , her voice just doesnt record well i wouldnt recommend it at all
 All i have to say is ... Fantasia first single is summertime and diana 's single dont cry out loud is completly destroying fantasia 's single in the charts ... Fantasia 's next single is chain of fools ... Diana 's is dreams ... looks like 2 of 3 diana 's singles r gon na beat fantasia 's
 If you want to waste your money send it to me
 i thought she had undeniable talent . Im not a raging Diana fan i just am not a Fantasia fan . At first i thought all but Chain of Fools was awesome . I was wrong . Mediocre talent .
 I was looking forward to this CD ever since I found out she was going to release it . I was so anxious to listen to it after I bought it , but it 's just terrible . I usually like Fantasia 's voice , but it 's so nasal . I do n't plan to buy her album whenever its released . This was just very bad for her .
 For once in this whole year of American Idol did Simon get it right when he told Fantasia that she sounded like Donald Duck on helium ! I thought that I would get the cd and give her a chance because I love American Idol and its whole concept , and we all know that artists sound better on recordings than live , but boy was I wrong ! It is the same cartoon voice that she sang with live . You would think that they could have done some fancy productions to cover some of that up on this !! It is just a terrible , terrible effort . Nothing but high pitched shrills and shrieks , sounds like a poor cat dying a slow , miserable death . Summertime is so boring it will make you cry and Chain of Fools with all the added stupid lyrics makes you want to shoot yourself , and I Believe is just like hearing the dentist drill into your teeth . Sorry , but this is not American Idol music ! Come on , what happened to talent like Clay and Kelly ?
 She shouts they songs , is flat and off key . She has a nasel sounding voice that is unpleasant and sounds like a cartoon ... !!!! I gave my CD to a fan of Fantasia . I do n't see what she sees in her .
 I ca n't say I liked this at all . The songs all have the same sound although different titles . I was disapointed . Maybe the next run for hew will be better .
 Another season , another set of losers from American Idol . Proving further how far down the tubes the American taste factor has dropped .
 The girl ca n't sing ! All she does is squeak , squeak , squeak . She shrieks her way through all the boring , ugly songs . She 's the most overrated non-talented singer in the world . Do n't waste your money on this poor CD .
 This single has 3 songs . The first , I Believe , is a bland , boring collection of cliches about striving for your dreams . Probably meant to be inspirational , it falls far short , especially since the poor ennunciation makes it very hard to understand many of the words . Summertime is good , but a little over the top and too theatrical . For an awesome version of Summertime , listen instead to Renee Olstead 's . Now That is how Summertime should sound . Chain of Fools is not bad but falls far short of the original . Overall , I would say save your money .
 I hated fantasia 's single ! In some parts her voice was to pitchy and in some parts she was off tune . I thought that it whould be better than this but it was n't !!!!!
 I know that she is somewhat of a talented young woman , so I wanted to try her cd out . But it was definitely a waste of money , I did not like one song on it . Her voice is too raspy and too squeaky in every single song , not to mention the corny type of songs , that is repetitive .
 This machine keeps trying to pop out pop stars and is really failing miserably . First you have the Yelly Clarkson who turns every word into five . Then you have Ruben Snoredard . He 's not street and he unsuccessfully tried to put hip hop elements in his `` muzak '' and that is totally ridiculous and laughable . Although Clay Aiken comes close to being the better of the three , he over enunciates and oversings like crazy!Now comes Fantasia . When she 's not screeching up a storm , she is yelling . She does n't connect with the lyrics because she barely sings them . Instead she explodes in a mess of `` yeah yeah yeahs '' . She also has this weird cartoony vibe to her vocals . They are nasal and adenoidal . Though she has plenty of energy on stage , her voice simply does n't cut it .
 While I enjoyed her performances on American Idol 3 , I found that her recorded voice did not come across well to me . I appreciate her uniqueness and listened to all 3 singles twice over before rating them . Unfortunately , I ended up with a headache and found myself wishing for a vocalist with a purer tone and voice that was n't so raspy and a tad shrill on the high notes . Different strokes for different folks then . I still wish her well in her career .
 Yet another AI reject , thrown into the studio where her vocals air-brushed into generic perfection . It 's crap and it sucks . If you do n't believe me , then why are people tryin ' to hawk this for a fraction of what they bought it for?Throw this in the toilet .
 Thankfully , I did n't buy this CD . I was in my friends car and she played it for me . She said , you have to hear this garbage . I ca n't believe I wasted a good $ 5.00 on this . I had to agree with her . It was beyond awful . Fantasia has a very annoying voice that grates on you . While listening to her music , I actually found myself covering my ears when she would screech . And what is with the Ya Ya Ya 's that she adds to everything she sings . I 'm was never a fan of the Ameican Idol show and to be honest , after hearing this CD , I can assure you , I wo n't be wasting my time every watching that show . If this is the best in America that that show could come up ... How sad for this country !!!
 Ok Ok , first to all the Diana bashers out there , I rate this cd a 1 star simply because I dont care for it personally ... its so obvious that many of you dis Diana and vice versa because she has the better vocals and is the better singer . Everyone is entitled to an HONEST opinion not a bashing because there still upset about the past ... Fantasia has great talent and stage present but this cd is NOT all its cracked up to be ... First off Chain of Fools ? and comparing it to Aretha ? NO ! HE ** no ... it was n't good on the compilation and it is not any better here and this was one of the songs I was hoping would be really good . Second of all , Summertime , one time on AI was all I could take ... cmon , so it made Paula cry , big deal , the woman was on major drugs because her finger was sliced up ... I believe , I thought would really be her signature song here , and its not that great at all ... Its too LOUD , I mean , sing it , dont scream it ... Fantasia is a very fun person and she 's very talented and she 's capable of a LOT so you can see Im not a FANTASIA basher , but I do think she 's capable of a better debut cd than this single ... I predicted Latoya and Diana to be in the finals , Diana is by far the better vocalist , she can sing above and below and she will only get better . Do n't avoid Diana 's cd based on what you see the bashers say about it on here , because there just jealous . These girls love each other like sisters , if they can keep the peace , why ca n't there fans ? I have Kelly , Ruben and Clay 's cds - and I never even watched AI until this season ... does n't that tell u that there is so much talent out there ? If Clive Davis will put his money and time into these 2 women , I think its worth it ... Now , you ca n't even get either of Kelly or Clay 's very first singles because there sold out , good luck on ebay guys ! Buy these cd 's now while you can ! If you can recall people said Clay was `` cheesy '' when he first released his debut and look where he is now ... all 3 are back in the studio making sophmore albums ... Let us all Represent these 2 women . . If you are a Diana fan , buy the cd , its so worth the money ... If you like Fantasia thats cool , but support both of them because they support each other ... why be so bitter !
 I think the CD is ok , but Fantasia seems to sing some words with multiple syllibals in an un-smooth way by closing certain vowel sounds while breaking words apart . For example , she makes the word Re-a-lize in `` I Believe '' into 3 distinct parts with dead silence inbetween , and it just does n't sound good in my opinion . I 'm not a good singer , but I 've never had a voice teacher tell me this was good to do . My Fantasia single sounds ok , but I noticed that on Diana 's single -LRB- I have both singles -RRB- , she connects words , notes and phrases in a more graceful way . While the nasal sound works for her in a stylistic way , sometimes it works against her by making parts sound unpleasant or odd . As for having a distict sound she does , but she seems to get that distinct sound by making sounds that are not always the best . It 's what some people called the `` duck '' sound . I do n't think she sounds as bad as a duck , but there is something in there now and then that is n't just right . . In a stylistic sense , she is different , but it does n't stay with me after several plays . Other parts sound fine , but after I realized this , I was n't really pleased with the single . Other artists get a distinct sound by singing clearly , while using distinctly different note patterns in their runs that sets them apart . Diana and Tamyra Grey were good like that . In Fantasia 's case , it 's not the note patterns , but simply the sound of her voice that sets her apart . I did n't care for the other 2 songs , so I hope the album is better . Summertime was a classic and the judges raved over it , but I just did n't like it . I wanted a newer song with more pep .
 Fantasia Burrino supposely won American Idol 3 , but she does n't deserve to be an Idol . There 's 3 reasons why . Reason # 1 She ca n't sing . Reason # 2 She 's always off key . And Reason # 3 If she has an album what good will it do her . Soon people will realize she ca n't sing . She probably just went on American Idol , for people to notice her . Do n't Buy It .
 do not buy this cd ! fantasia is a horrible singer and the only reason she won season 3 of american idol is cuz the judges kept pushing for her . i personally think they were told to do that cuz the show was called `` racist . '' of course , the show is not racist ; just look who won season 2
 What a dissapointment !! It is absolutely painful to listent her squeeky attempts at singing . Was this the best American Idol had ???? YIKES !!!
 She may have a big mouth but she sure as hell do n't make up for it in singing ! Too much yeah yeah yeah 's gives her a no no no no ! for her debut . Sorry Fantasia ! Not a fan of yours !
 Fantasia sings with her heart , but the tone of her voice sounds nasal . I would n't recommend it .
 I do not like Fantasia at all ! Diana is such a better singer ! Fantasia sounds like Mickey/Minnie Mouse ! Her I believe is so horrible , while Diana 's is so good ! If you like I believe , just go listen to Diana , your ears will thank you . But I do have say that she did sing summertime very well during the show .
 Seriously , I had expected more from the studio recording than this ! You can tell they rushed this CD out and the fact that Fantasia made them delay an extra week caused problems for everyone . She made small intonation errors on the show and I just assumed they 'd work it out on the recording , but they did n't ! As a result it sounds like it has no dynamics what so ever . And the choir is hideous . Sorry , but it is .
 I heard `` I Believe '' on the radio a few days ago . It started out ok , but quickly tanked as Fantasia started pushing the limits of her voice . This is horrible . Yes , Fantasia CAN carry a tune , but it sounds like Donald Duck 's sister . I never realized just how cartoonish her voice is , until I was subjected to this song on the radio . I definitely did NOT think she was the best singer on AI -- and before you call me a racist -- my favorite was actually Jennifer Hudson . Fantasia is going to end up like the other AI winners
 If you are going to listen to this please make sure all your mirrors and windows are far away!She ca n't stay in key much less sing any high notes.Fantasia sorry singing is not your thing .
 As one reviewer aptly said , `` Zero star for the vocals . This girl simply does n't deserve airtime . Her voice is squeaky , her tone is pitchy , and her style is ugly . No wonder she 's already a has-been after releasing only one single ! ''
 Dreadful , if I 'm being honest ! Fantasia Barrino has such a weak voice . Yelling and screaming should never take the place of singing and tuning . There is no soul or emotions . The songs she is singing here requires some soul.Chain of Fools-Don ' t waste your money . Buy the Queen of Soul , Aretha Franklin . Aretha is so full of soul that you can just feel it.Summertime-Simply a boring rendition.She has good taste in music though.But I Believe is dreadful shlock at it 's best and it 's perfect for Fantasia 's voice . It tells the story of going through a lot to get to where you are . That song was written for Fantasia and nobody else obviously.Some have compared Fantasia to Macy Gray , Aretha Franklin , and Mary J Blige . She mimicks them sometimes , but would be better off looking for her own style . Macy , Aretha , and Mary are in a class of their own . Fantasia does n't belong in it . Fantasia would be better off hooking up with rock producers to find songs that suit her scratchy and screaming voice.Once she finds her own style , only then can she soar .
 I was blown away when Fantasia did her rendition of Summertime on American Idol . The CD version is good , but does n't capture the same soulful emotion as the TV performance . As for the other two songs , I can hardly bear to listen to them . Chain of Fools is over produced and I Believe is just a crummy song . Fantasia deserved much better . She 's only about half as good as Ruben Studdard was last year and you do n't hear much from him now . His `` Brand New '' remixed single is like number 20,000 on Amazon sales chart . By this time next year , Fantasia will probably fare the same .
 fantasia was very good on american idol but did not deserve to win she should have been third or fourth place . summertime was not as good as it was on American idol . fantasia is not a great singer shes a great performer and an okay singer she tends to sound like big bird when she goes for the high notes in I believe.Chain of fools was okay . Theres something missing when I listen to this cd . Fantasia is a lot better when your watching her perform . listening to her sing on a cd is a little difficult . I suggest people keep there $ 6 and borrow it from a friend if they must listen to it .
 I bought this single even though she wasnt exactly my favorite singer on American Idol figuring Id give her a chance . Big mistake . What a waste of money . Who can put up with this -LRB- ... -RRB- ? I can almost expect to see her running across a kitchen floor , broom in hand yelling `` Thomas '' as did the lady in those Tom and Jerry cartoons .
 She sounded like she was singing through her nose throughout AI , and the CD is not any better . No , she will never ever come close to singing as good as Clay - he is almost perfection ! I do wish her the best though .
 There is nothing original about Fantasia , everything that she is has already been done by former performers and also currently Macy Gray . Call that talent ? She does n't have anyway . She screeches , and screams , and turns every song into a gospel song . Also , the American Idol is supposed to do POP music . Hence the original show POP idol . Want to do R&B , Hip-Hop and all that bad stuff ? Go and try to get a record deal yourself . And also , all the tracks sound the same .
 Come On people ! The only good song on here is Summertime and it is OLD and tired ! I watched AI from beginning to end and they have no clue what they are doing . The only thing they got right was to vote for Fantasia . I loved the show , I ca n't stand the CD . Do n't know why I forced it on myself . I guess I hoped it would grow on me , but it does n't . It 's just like Kelly 's CD from Season 1 . Only 2 good songs and then blah !
 I bought this CD and it does n't sound anywhere near as good as the live versions from the show . `` I Believe '' is alright and that 's about it . I listen to my taped version now . Maybe my ears have wax in them , but it came across as dull and lifeless . Her voice is good , but the recording is n't .
 Bad songs , average singers , rushed out the door , boring tracks , lousy mix . Why did n't they get her better songs ? I 'm not really giving Fantasia one star , I give her 4 , but the songs are terrible ! I am rating the CD , so 1 star it gets ! Do n't buy this junk !
 I just do n't get it ! I have respect for her as a person and performer , but that voice , oh it is so terrible ! I ca n't believe that she won American Idol . Her voice is way too shreiky , and the notes are all off key . And what is with all of the added notes like yeah , yeah , yeah ? Does that really need to be in there ? Hopefully the rest of her cd will be better . Because these songs on the single are really bad !
 Why ca n't I give this a -10 this CD is complete trash.After work I decided to get this CD I want to see what this years American idol sounds like.Ouch Was n't there anybody better then this.I want my money back this is a disgrace to humanity
 and she has difficulty hitting the high notes that she has to scream . This is not exactly what you 'd expect from someone who supposedly won a singing contest.The songs are n't the best either . She 's no soul singer , much less a queen in it .
 During American Idol , I honestly did n't like Fantasia . However , I was sure she would sound great on a record . I decided to buy both Diana 's and Fantasia 's singles and see who 's was better . The result was overwhelming
 I watched American Idol and scratched my head as I watched Fantasia . Yes , she is a good performer with a lot of charisma . She just has a really horrible voice ! She is American Idol 2 reject Kimberly Caldwell without the cheesy moves . Fantasia rarely sang the lyrics to the songs , instead shouted and screeched `` Yeahs '' throught most of the songs . Summertime is all wrong . The girl sounds like a duplicate of Macy Gray , but more nasal .
 I watched AI3 this year and I was not realy a fan of anyone . . No one had the IT factor this year . I am sorry but Fantasia 's voice reminds me of fingernails on a chalk board . . Trully I would rather listen to that than Fantasia . . Do not waste your money on this so called Music ...
 What a horrible , HORRIBLE CD this is ! My friend -LRB- if I can call him that -RRB- gave me this CD . All Fantasia does is scream , screetch and yell all the words of what used to be great songs ! And people are right , the Yeah , yeah , yeah 's s * uck ! How did we end up with these two losers near the top ? What happened to Latoya ! Come on , this is a joke ! I threw the CD out the window and I accidently hit some weeds with it and they got knocked down . It did save me from some gardning work so I gave it 1 star .
 I am a a big fan of Fantasia ever since she was on American Idol . Ever night she came on she sounded great and her songs were amazing . On this CD the only good song on her is Summertime . She sounded better live then on her CD . Summertime is the only one of those song that is worth listening to . The first 2 songs said ok , those songs dont show why she won American Idol , she sounds like an OK performer . But Summertime is difenatly worth listening to , i say its the only good song on the CD . I was very upset with what I heard . I though this CD was going to blow me away , but it did n't at all . Oh well my loss , i just hope her Album is 50 times better then this
 something is seriously wrong here . Fantasia Barrino has tallent , there is no doubt about that , but her single is just awful . On the show she was flawless , however her single is just one wrong note after another . Fantasia , you ca n't squeak your way into having a great single , do n't waste your money on this .
 Fantasia Barrino was our Season 3 American Idol . She won over the judges , and fans of the show either loved her or hated her . Some found her voice unique and soulful , some found it irritating , and compared it to nails on a blackboard . Never in the history of music have I seen two opinions stand so far apart.With that said , onto my review of the CD single . Watching Fantasia on the TV show , it was easy to be moved by her performances , and feel the emotion of the songs she was singing because of her stage presence . She certainly had it . But her voice ... . well , that was always questionable . Ca n't really hold a note , ca n't really hit a high , and has limited range . On the CD , you do n't see the stage show . You hear the voice . In my honest opinion , I 've heard VERY few singers , in the history of music that have a more irritating voice . How can one sing a love song when you screech ? Yes , Tina Turner pulled it off , but Fantasia cannot.In my opinion , I do n't see any corrections that can be made to Fantasia 's voice to make it more appealing . It 's doubtful she 'll ever have a hit song on the Top 40 charts , and is n't that what the American Idol contest was all about ? To make a star ? Fantasia , if anything , should sing showtunes in Las Vegas or on Broadway . She 's a performer , not a singer . To steal a quote from Simon Cowell , this CD single is abysmal .
 I still maintain that LATOYA LONDON should have won the competition and a VERY CLOSE 2nd should be JENNIFER HUDSON and between the 2 finalists DIANA was superlative over FANTASIA . not sure what America heard but FANTASIA lacks Versatility and has a common Church voice which lacks depth unlike HUDSON who at times can sound churchy as well but unlike FANTASIA has a supreme depth in her soulful singing!I must admit when I heard FANTASIA sing the Gershwin classic SUMMERTIME the first time live on American Idol I was tunned and even moved to tears but every time since its come off as boring and presumptuous . The title track I BELIEVE no doubt , a Huge hit as most songs these days that are popular but lacking in substance frequently are . not saying the song itself lacks substance but rather this interpretation , when done by DIANA it received the innocence and jubilation a song like this needed , when done by Fantasia she has the tonality of a screech owl.Chain of Fools is the only worthwhile track on here as its soulful and gritty in a Macy Gray-esque like way and requires no depth of emotion.You can purchase this CD -LRB- a friend copied it for me -RRB- or just download the performances from AI , especially the Summertime one which is really one of the best live performances of all of AI and it 's sad to see HOW it doesnt tranlate in a musical language on this CD .
 I am not an AI fan , but with so many co-workers who are , I went out and bought both Fantasia 's and Diana 's CD 's . Fantasia is ok but I was disappointed . I am not sure if she sounded better on AI or not . Maybe this was just a `` fluke '' and the next releases will be better for her . Good luck Fantasia ... looks like you may need it !
 I understand why people talk about Fantasia 's life . American Idol is just about that
 i listened to the songs and it was nothing special , it sounded a lot like macy gray
 Right when I listened to her I believe song I though of a cat getting sucked up by a vacuum cleaner , its just terrible !
 I give Fantasia a good recommendation because she can sing ! The songs have a lot of feeling and can bring me to tears . Go Fantasia !
 I listened to a friends copy of this CD and did not care for it . I feel she screems way too much and her Gospel style in EVERYTHING is too much for me .
 I did not watch American Idol 3 . The judges DO NOT judge , the show is NOT fair and impartial and I just do n't understand why they stand by who they stand by . All the critics rave about this girl ! Why ? Her voice is HORRIBLE ! Most of the time she just sings yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah . I have always been a fan of true vocal talent and I do n't hear it here at all ! Most of the pop `` singers '' today need vocal enhancement and very rarely sing live because of it . Give me true vocal talent any day . You wo n't find it here .
 I am not a big AI fan , and neither of the AI 3 finalists are that great either . Listening to Fantasia screech her vocals makes me want to grap ear plugs . She sounds just as bad as Macy Gray . Both have no talent and have horrible voices . On the other side we have Diana . She also has a lot of work to do on her vocals . She is to nasal and is hard to listen to . Given a choice between the two , I would have to go with Diana , who has a softer calmer voice . And I dont feel the need to reach for the ear plugs . Diana is to nasal , and Fantasia sounds like a cat about to die schreeching ! Kids today have little to no talent , can not write or play their own music . Some can not even sing their own music . These kids need to graduate first before singing .
 I say , NO ! NO ! NO ! NO ! NO!Fantaisa repeatedly says Yeah ! in all her songs . I find her voice very annoying . She is not unique as she sounds just like Macy Gray , but worse . Summertime is okay , but not sung like it should be for Porgy and Bess ! The other songs are horrible . Yeah , Yeah , I really mean horrible . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Anybody who gives Fantasia five stars must not really be listening when she sings . All she does is scream and add numerous `` yeah `` s to every single song . There are much better songs and singers out there . Do n't buy this .
 Crap , Crap , and more CRAP !!!!!!! The songs are really pathetic ... But the so is this music ... No substance ... just `` I WANT RADIO SINGLE '' music to make money ... NO SUBSTANCE WHATSOEVER ...
 Before you buy this single , take a look at Diana DeGarmo 's ! It 's so much better , I 've actually listened to both singles . Although Summertime is good , Chain of Fools is screechy and I Believe is n't in the same leauge as Diana 's ! If you buy this and not Diana 's your missing out . At least buy BOTH of them .
 I always thought Fantasia had talent & stage presence , but could n't imagine listening to an entire CD of her whiny , nasally screeching , even if she does come from my home town . Sometimes a particular artist 's voice just does not appeal to you , though others may love it . This recording does nothing to alter my original view . LaToya London & Jennifer Hudson both displayed much more power & range in the AI3 competition & should have been the final 2 . Sorry , Fanny !
 Miss Barrino sure screeches her head off on this dreadful single . It is simply the worst CD/Single ever put out by an american idol contestant . Diana Degarmo overachieves her vocally by far . In this Single , Fantasia proves what was beginning to be known on the show -LRB- all she does is screech -RRB- . She makes an art out of it with this single . Do n't even waste your money unless you enjoy the wretched tunes of your dogs howling added together with a nail being scraped across a chalk board . JUST TERRIBLE , DO N'T BUY IT , YOU WILL BE TERRIBLY DISSAPOINTED , AS I WAS .
 I know ... say anything bad about this singer and people accuse you of being a ` hater ' . Well the truth is that it 's just not that great of a CD . The mixing is mediocre , and background is not crisp , and the arrangement is not the best for someone with Fantasia 's style of singing . Her strength lies in gospel style music . Chain of Fools is a horrible rendition ! And Tamyra 's song `` I Believe '' is , well to put it mildly , a real disappointment.Doesn ' t Fantasia write any music of her own ? It 's nice that she won the competition , but she 'll never make it big selling CDs like this . It 's a really poor choice of genre for her voice.I 'll wait until she puts out a gospel CD before I consider buying another .
 I have respect for her as a person and performer , but that voice , oh it 's just not for me ! It feels like Macy Gray all over again , one Macy is more than enough thanks !
 I am disappointed in this CD . Thoguh Fantasia does have talent , there are too many times when her voice os off-pitch , and she goes into screeching , rather than singing .
 If you like loud screams and awfull music then this is your cup of tea . . I heard this Cd and thought to my self , why in the world would someone think she has a great voice . . I trully do not get it . . Please do not waste your money on this this . .
 I Think Fantasia is just funny and has a good sport on things ... she doesnt have a fab voice like Diana DeGarmo or Jennifer Hudson ... It 's just an ok album
 After an undeserved win , Fantasia , in this album that did n't even make half the sales that RUNNER-UP Clay Aiken did , proves why she 's a half-hit wonder . She has an ugly voice and an ugly style that barely qualifies as talent . What a joke !
 Fantasia sounds even worse on the CD than she does on the show ! Something about it being live that makes it better . I ca n't reccomend this CD .
 Honestly I really do n't know what american hear in this singer . I watch all of AI last season and just never thought she could carry a tune , but of course look at about half of the popular singers out their today ... most of them ca n't carry a note either . Most people thought she was fantastic singing summertime ... and I said hello is everyone toned death . The music indusrty has n't been good since around the 80 's and after the later 90 's came it really went down hill . I could remember buying 8 to 9 out of the top 10 records back in the 80 's , now I 'm lucky to buy one cd single out of the top 10 . With voices like Fantasia it is n't going to get any better .
 I had a chance to listen to these songs . All I got to say is that I am dissapointed with it . . I thought that her voice sounded like cats crying . . I have heard better sigers than her . . I am sorry but I was expecting better from her .
 I could not handle her sound on American Idol and I have to say it has n't changed for her single either . Her voice is extremely screechy . She hits notes and I get the feeling I did in school for someting going down the chalkboard and everything in my body aching . I do like Diana 's version . I hope Fantasia does well , it just wo n't be me helping her . She really needs some help with ennunciating words . It would help in trying to understand what she is saying .
 Listening to it once was one too many times . Screeching , off key ... truly a mystery -LRB- to me -RRB- why some people like her nasal voice .
 I 'm sorry , I listened to my demo copy fronted to me by the label , and no . I can not see it . The voice gets to you ... and not in a good way . Some of her phrasing bothered me as well.I was determined to give this an open-minded review ... and I 'm doing just that . Sorry , it did n't cut it for me . Way too much hype and not enough substance . Definitely a thumbs down .
 I bought this CD thinking it was going to be great by the way everybody talked about it . When i heard her version of I Believe i was like what the hell is this , when she sang that song live si was 10 times better . of course she has to add her horrible yeah yeah yeah and she really does screech through half of the song . Chains of Fool is nothing special either . Once again her Live version is 10 times better as well . It sounds like a karoke song which is not very good . The only song that is worth listening to is Summertime , its the only song that actuallu songs good when she is not screeching through out the song . So overall this CD is not WORTH your money . If you like yeah yeah yeahs , yelling , and shouting then this is your CD but if not dont even bother
 I really liked Fantasia on AI3 , but seeing her makes all the differnce . She is a great person when you can SEE the emotion she puts into a song . That emotion does not come across in the CD . I would buy a ticket to one of her concerts once she goes solo but I will not buy any more of her CD 's .
 I did n't buy this album -LRB- Listened to a copy that my friend bought -RRB- , and it 's a good thing . I do n't think I could listen to her voice for more than 3 songs . -LRB- ... -RRB- !!
 Here 's my review : I Believe
 I thought I would give it a try , but she has n't gotten any better . Her voice is so annoying on this record . `` Yeah Yeah '' is not a lyric , in my opinion . I wish her the best , but she will have to do a lot better than this if she wants to succeed in this industry .
 Do n't get this CD ! Unless you happen to like boring music ! I Believe is sappy , Chain of fools is repetative ! And Summertime is dead . How did we end up with 2 old songs !????? Fantasia is better than this CD
 ... in the ` Summertime ' . Even the single titles are a warning to consumers . Buyer beware . This CD is pure crap . ` Chain of Fools ' is very karaoke sounding . Summertime we 've heard plenty , there is no need to add it on a CD , Fantasia fans should want new material . And then you have that annoying song ' I belive ' , which is a rip off of about ten different songs.I believe that Fantasia the worst Idol champion in all the world .
 I never cared for the sound of Fantasia 's voice , but I really enjoyed her stage presence . She is wonderful to watch . I expected great things from this CD , but was let down . The `` yeah , yeah , yeah 's '' really throw off the song . I find myself listening more for those -LRB- and counting them -RRB- rather than listening to the songs . Much too much schreeching and yeahing for me . I hoped for more , but it did n't deliver .
 OK ... so I was a fan of AI , and on AI , I really like Fantasia ... so I 'm like `` ooh buy the single ... '' so I bought it , and it is HORRIBLE !! Omigosh ... she screams almost all of I Believe , in Summertime , it 's EXACTLY like the live version , and in Chain of Fools , which she already did for the Sould CD , it 's just EXACTLY like both live version and the Sould cd 's ... they practically just took both and combined them !! Overall , this CD upset me badly . . Summertime
 just not very interesting , she sounds like a few other singers already out there . I 'm not crazy about her over-the-top performances , she tends to over-sing , and ends up sounding more like she 's screaming than singing .
 I gave Fantasia an honest try , but I could n't take her voice for more than a few minutes . She does have style and I give her credit for that , but her tonal quality is too nasal and squeaky . I think Diana DeGarmo 's version of `` I Believe '' will appeal to a wider audience .
 fantasia , well she just totally WHINES ... get over it she can only do two types of music where as diana can do anything at least ... i would take screaming on a verse over whining on just about everything ... she thinks she about fifteen years older than she really is and needs to get over herself ... at least diana was humble ... !
 I listened carfuly to the single & here 's what i have to say :1 - `` I BELIEVE ''
 Her voice would be one of the `` horrors '' . This CD is a classic example of what horrific means .
 Summertime is the best on the cd other than that , I really did n't care for the choices that was made on her debut Cd.I think she has more to offer .
 For all of you that hate Diana or think she screams . . I would love to see Fantasia hit half of the high notes that Diana can . If you wan na talk about screaming than Fantasia is the one to talk about . She has absolutely no talent and for people to say that Diana ca n't sing is just retarted . Obviously some people ca n't hear well . I think Fantasia can not sing and should n't of even made it to the top 10 . The only thing she has is personality that 's why she won because it was n't for her voice . Diana can outsing Fantasia anyday and her single is 10x better .
 I am a huge fan of Fantasia 's , But I am very dissapointed with the horrible quality of this CD . Terrible mixing . Fantasia sounds like she 's singing in the background or something . There was also a ticking sound during Chain of fools . Hope her next CD is better quality !!!
 I was in my friend 's car and she was playing Fantasia 's CD single . It was awful !!! My ears are still bleeding . I 'm amazed that Disney has n't called her on the carpet for a pat pending violation . She really does sound like Donald Duck . Needless to say , I wo n't be buying this CD and would tell anyone else not to waste your hard earned money .
 All I heard was squeaking . The style was n't even original ; it was like Aretha Franklin being scratched by her cat . And the songs have been heard so many times before already.The producers need to come up with something good and more original . They can start by looking for a REAL singer who has a quality singing voice and a pleasing personality .
 This girl has no talent -LRB- understandable coming from American Idol -RRB- . She has an okay voice for broadway but NOT to be a singing star . So stop watching American Idol and go buy some Alicia Keys !
 Absolutely ` unlistenable ' !!! If this was recorded by Minnie to impress Mickey then I suppose it would n't be all that bad , if not ... then , ooh my , what an embarrassment to all involved!The nasality with which this lady performs will probably serve her well if she chooses a career as a voiceover artist in the world of animation ... and even those roles will be somewhat limited!If this is a sample of the full length cd to come ... that will probably be the ONLY full length cd to come from this ... uh ... ` singer ' ! ` Summertime ' USE to be one of all time favorite songs !!!
 I am an Idol fan so I thought that I would give this cd a chance since they usually produce good music , but I was horribly disappointed . Her voice is just so shrill . It does n't sound like singing , more like shrieking . Chain of Fools is just so repetitious with all the yeah , yeah , yeahs and Summertime is just boring , having heard it over and over on Idol . Her version of I Believe is very uninspiring , too much screeching to really understand the song . I was very disappointed with this being an Idol winners cd , I definitely do not think it was worth the money .
 Terrible . I just got the single , and sent it back right after listening to it , dont buy the single .
 If you want a fair review , come here . I do n't think Fantasia Barrino is horrible , but I do n't think she 's the best either . She has a voice . Unfortunately , it 's not always the best voice . She has a fantastic performance style and personality . Her voice is another matter . Sometimes , she tries to hard to sound like Macy Grey and Aretha Franklin . She lacks their soulfulness and power . Kelly Clarkson managed to capture Aretha 's power and soulfulness much better . Fantasia can really blow when she needs to . She can really yell and scream . She should not try to be soulful . What she should really do is just rock out and stop trying so hard to be the next Macy Gray or Aretha Franklin .
 omg i heard the songs on it and ity STINX i am she was downright aweful on the show but i thought the single would be better , i listened to my friend 's copy we were both disgusted ! and hour later she returned the single to the store and demanded her money back it was just AWEFUL !
 Not impressed at all ... i have heard better talent from the show and in other places .
 I gave Fantasia 1 star only because I was n't able to give her a negative number . She is AWFUL !!!
 I found her voice annoying on American Idol and I find her voice annoying on this -LRB- I listened to it in a friends car -RRB- . Her voice would get so annoying after only a couple of minutes if you had n't enjoyed her on American Idol and already formed an opinion of her .
 I do agree with people when they Fantasia has great stage presence , but Ive heard her rendition of summertime , its not that wonderful , too much hype . I have heard Chain of Fools and it sounds just like it did on the compilation cd , its OK , but I saw her perform I BELIEVE on tv and it was just horrid to watch and listen too . She adds way too many yeahs , she oversings and sounds so screechy . . I like Fantasia but Diana is much better . Its nice to listen to a singer ! There is way too much shouting with Fantasia ... she needs better songs that she can sing .
 I have Fantasia 's and William Hungs new CD 's and must say that Fantasia sings like a dying duck . She goofed it all up . At least William Hung 's voice was soothing .
 Fantasia , who had a lot of tallent on the show , makes a squeaky , pathetic excuse for a single . I Believe is sung in such a squeaky voice , i love Diana Degarmo 's version . Chain of Fools is sung in a no-emotion , boring , donald-duck voice . And Summertime is squeaky , pitchy and dull to listen to . Buy Diana DeGarmo 's single instead .
 No one had any real talent . I would have prefered to hear John Stevens sings `` I Believe '' so that maybe I could fall asleep rather than hurt my ears with this poor excuse for a singer . She is on key , but does nearly everything else wrong and needs lessons !
 Her singing is way over the top . Sounds like she is yelling every song.Not recommended if you want to keep your eardrums intact .
 Fantasia is a # 1 star . Go Fantasia ! This CD was very good and I am happy with it .
 dropping out of schoolthat 's perfect american Idol material to mewhat is this country coming to when america votes for people who drop out of school as an `` American Idol `` that should tell you AI is fixed
 Truthfully , Fantasia has a voice due to the fact that she won on the 3rd season of American Idol . But in reality , if she was n't on American Idol , everyone would say that she can not sing . Fantasia has a very odd vocal range in her voice that can be irritating if not grounded right with the appropriate song arranging . The fate of her being a great singer and successful at it in the world of entertainment is in the hands of writers , producers , arrangers , and her record company.It 's easy to be manipulated into doing music in the genre of music that does n't fit you and that you are not supposed to and are not called to do . `` I Believe '' is a very poppy , should have been given to Diana DeGarmo , Christina Aguilera came up with and told Tamyra Gray to write it song that needs to not even be a credit to Fantasia , because she can truthfully do better than this song . Fantasia has a Gospel/Rock/R & B ; vocal standard and style and that 's the total direction that she needs to go into and that 's the route that writers , producers , and arrangers need to understand when in a recording studio for any future music from her.I know that she can do better than `` I Believe '' . I believe that her talent is written and remains forever , but she needs to eliminate the wrong people so that they can give her HER MUSIC and not THEIR MUSIC .
 I was hoping for more but did n't get it . These singles do n't cut it . To many yeahs , not smooth . I like Fantasia but this CD does n't do it . Hope her release is better . Good Luck .
 I pray the handlers will just let Fantasia do her own thing in the future . Even Summertime , which had such understated elegance on AI3 , is oversung on this disc . And the ending to I Believe - if she sings that ever time on tuour , this woman will develop vocal problems . That ai n't sangin ' , that 's hollerin '
 I really couldn ' listen to a whole CD of her singing . Only appeals to people who like a certain type of music in my opnion .
 Sorry , but I do n't like it at all . She ca n't stay on key and her voice is actually annoying if you listen for very long .
 Let me return you to the release of the Disney classic , `` Aladdin '' . Receiving a full PLATINUM release , the DVD contained many treats to please the young and old alike . Included in this were several music videos , some being truly wonderful performances by the original vocalists and artists associated with the movie 's hit song , and one being a `` heartfelt '' rendition by a young , married couple who seemed to be on top of the world . This young couple is indeed Jessica Simpson and her ex husband Nick Lachey . `` A Whole New World '' represents the purity , joy , and sheer beauty of young love . It portrays the endless possibilities which young people have , and the power that love can bring , to fufill dreams and face anything . In a way , I 'd say it is a symbolic song to many young couples today , that grew up with Aladdin , and maybe dreamed of being Princess Jasmine and finding love in an unexpected place , or perhaps felt like Aladdin often said , `` a street rat '' , and the idea of being a `` nobody '' and falling in love with a princess was a very nice fantasy -LSB- and how could it not be , that Jasmine is one very curvy curvy girl -RSB- So when I heard Jessica and Nick peform the song -LSB- rather poorly compared to even the movie 's voice actors -RSB- I was heartbroken . I knew from the very beginning Nick and Jessica would not last . I could see the lack of sincerity , there was no love to be seen , not even passion or lust . And so it happened , after months of rumors and tabloids , Jessica and Nick official divorced , further proving there is no such thing as true love in Hollywood , and giving young couples and marriages more than a bad name.Then to think , that mere months after a divorce , Jessica comes out with a completely new album , and a new music video , in which she simulates the act of oral sex with a frozen confection
 Most of us know that Jessica became solely famous because of Newlyweds , but now that she and Nick are history , nobody is paying attention to her music . Even if they are both together , the music still sucks . It is a poor attempt at using 80s samples . By the way , at my local WalMart , all of the shelves with this annoying CD are still in stock . I remember Christina 's Back To Basics at the same time just had one CD in one shelve -LRB- people do recognize true talent -RRB- . Jessica only had the show to back her up and bring more sales for her fake stupidity . I will laugh again when I see her crappy album be in-stock and Justin and Beyonce 's CDs -LRB- even though I 'm not feeling her current music -RRB- fly off shelves .
 The only Reason I gave this disc a chance was for ' A Public Affair ' . And as i thought , that was the only song worth praise . Her song ' I belong to me '' is also Really great but that is only available through imports or iTunes . The rest of the songs sound like madonna had a fight with her CD 's . Sorry Jess .
 25-year old Jessica Simpson delievers her latest `` A Public Affair '' , which shows no effort . Jessica has a good voice , but it seems like she didnt really care what she was doing with this album . Could it be the divorce ? , I dont know . But this album does contain a good song or two ; like her new single `` I Belong To Me '' , or her remake of `` You Spin Me Round -LRB- Like A Record -RRB- . I really dont think it 's a good purchase , but hey who I am to tell so ? ...
 Among the reality shows , movies , variety shows , and gossip columns , it is sometimes easy to forget Jessica Simpson is first and foremost a singer . Granted when she started back in the late nineties she was a third string blond pop princess -LRB- maybe fourth depending on where you rank Mandy Moore -RRB- . Now just a couple months after her ex-husband released his first post-break up album , Jessica has released her own , the appropriately titled A Public Affair . But unlike Nick Lachey , is n't solely about dealing with the break-up , this is most likely because Jessica ca n't formulate two remotely intelligent sentences in a row let along write a whole song.The album starts off with the title track , a disco send up the catchy in a `` it will get old by the time Jessica is linked to her latest beau . '' -LRB- Oh , she 's been linked to John Mayer ? Yeah this song has started to get stale already now that I think about it . -RRB- From there the album sinks into the absurd with the next song You Spin Me Round -LRB- Like a Record -RRB- . `` Oh is that a Dead or Alive cover '' you may ask . Well yes and no . It 's very similar to last year 's These Boots Were Made for Walking where the chorus is the same , the music is similar , but for some inexplicable reason they changed the chorus . And lets face it , the endearing quality of the song is how every line starts `` I , I , I '' and at the end `` I want your loooooove '' which are both missing from the Simpson versionNext on the absurd train is B.O.Y. which features a misplaced sample of The Cars Just What I Needed . Granted Simpson 's fan base will probably wonder what she stole the riff from the Circuit City commercials . But anyways . While If You Were Mine is n't a cover , it sounds like a bunch of Janet Jackson songs mixed into one . Also a complete rip-off is Between You & I which is basically Unchained Melody with different lyrics and worse singing . The Lover in Me also has the `` I 've heard it before '' vibe to it . Possible trying to keep pace with Christina Aguilera 's new retro approach , Jessica has Swing with Me , but the song just comes off as cheesy while Christina did a much better job at the era . Then for some incomprehensible she tries her hand at being a rap hype-man in Fired Up , and Flavor Flav she is not . But easily the worst song on the disk is Push Your Tush . Very much in the mold of Boots but somehow worse , the song is too pop for country fans yet too country for pop fans -LRB- for a sample lyric , check the title of this post , yeah , it 's that lame -RRB- . But unlike her ex , there are some actual good songs on the album . Walkin ' Round in a Circle is a soothing romp and shows she should n't try to out Christina Aguilera the dirrty girl herself because she just does n't have the vocal range because this laid back song is possible her best song to date . Along that same approach , Back to You -LRB- not to be confused with the John Mayer song -RRB- is equally relaxing . The album closes with an actual faithful cover of the Dixie Chicks Let Him Fly , a novel attempt , but lacks the harmonies of the original . Maybe if she would have stuck to the structure of these songs and not have been all over the place like the rest of the album , the album would be much more listenable .
 Jessica
 I love good old disco and 80s/90s pop but does anyone else think that pop lately has been getting , well boring ? It seems the past few years its the same old thing over and over again . Yes , the 80s are back but if we want to listen to 80s music we have a huge collection spanning over 10 years , we do n't need an updated version . This album is horrible and boring . I really tried hard to like it but I am so shocked how Jessica is n't taking her talent UP to a new level and mature a bit . Her older albums have more validity then this one . By habit I always buy her albums , but this one taught me a lesson to wait next time ... this one is being donated to the library . Sorry
 I honest to god ca n't believe this woman has a recording contract . She has a weak , very average voice that I 'm sure is digitally enhanced and lip synced for live performances . She appeared on this years Kennedy Center Honors . Her performance was so bad , it had to be edited out of the program that was broadcast on CBS . Does that tell you anything ?
 After listening to the tracks online , I 've come to a very similar conclusion as the rest of the reviewers below
 You know , anyone could be singing this album . The only reason it 's selling is because Jessica Simpson 's name is pasted on it . Despite what others have said , maybe she should stick to power ballads - become the young Celine Dion - because when she 's singing upbeat songs , there is not a modicum of talent or ability involved .
 I 'm ticked . I do n't buy many CD 's -LRB- usually download specific songs -RRB- . I liked her Irresistable CD , but this is aweful . One song is good , the rest sound like mush.The worst thing is that you ca n't hardly hear her sing . The mix is terrible , the vocals are way too low compared to the volume of her voice . It sounded like she whispered through most of the songs -LRB- I play this on a very high end system -RRB- . DO NOT buy this piece of junk . I want my money back but I already opened the CD .
 Is this album a joke ? Who is this girlie kidding ? I think Jessica 's day has come and gone . The song Public Affair is basically a combination of Madonna 's ` Holiday ' and Janet Jackson 's ` Someone to Call My Lover ' . Seriously . Listen to each of those songs separately and then listen to ` Public Affair ' and you 'll see what I mean . The rest of the album is pop fluff with Jessica doing the whole whiny , pitchy , breathy , trying to be sexy , bad singing thing.A friend of mine gave me her copy of this CD -LRB- 'cause she did n't want it -RRB- and after one listen , I tried to give it back , but she would n't take it back!Save your money .
 Keep this a private affair . To be fair , Jessica has never been a huge force in the music business . Her music only does moderately well when it coincides with some kind of publicity stunt -LRB- i.e. confusing tuna with chicken in one of her ditzy moments or her divorce from her husband Nick Lachey -RRB- . She 's more known lately for her public antics , than for her music . She used to be able to hold a good note . She 's no where near the level of Christina Aguilera , but she could still do it . But somewhere down the line , her voice dwindled down to something so boring and predictable . She hardly uses her voice anymore , merely moaning and breathing through most of the songs on the album . On this record , Jessica seems to want to revive the dated sounds of the 80s . Sometimes it works , like in the sugary pop confection ' A Public Affair ' reminiscent of Madonna 's ` Holiday ' and ` Get Into the Groove ' and the light and bouncy ` If You Were Mine ' , also Madonna-esque . Jessica also follows her last trend of covering songs and this time , she covers Dead or Alive 's ` You Spin Me Round -LRB- Like a Record -RRB- ' which is n't half bad . It 's techno driven and has enough energy in the music to sustain itself despite Jessica 's weak vocal delivery . But most of her songs on this album are awful . Many of the Simpson fans seem to love ' I Belong to Me ' which sounds like blatant rip-off of Mariah Carey 's ` We Belong Together ' . The lyrics are corny , the vocals are weak , and the music sounds too familiar . ` Fired Up ' finds Jessica out of her comfort zone . Her voice is too restrained and uneventful for this club banger . The music wants Jessica to let go with her vocals , but Jessica seems hesitant . It 's a very disappointing track overall . She does n't sound any better than Paris Hilton or Britney Spears . In fact , most of the songs are so anticlimactic . They begin , flow along , and gives you nothing to look forward to . I 'm not going to even bother reviewing them . The main problem with this album is that it 's vocally deficient . There 's no moment in all the songs that made me go ` wow ' she could really sing or showed any sign of growth or creativity . There 's nothing here that distinguishes Jessica from her other pop peers . Expectations are high for her on this record and it feels like a make or break record , but unfortunately , Jessica just has n't come forth with anything worthwhile . I 'd recommend this album for those who love sugary pop of any kind , but if not , stay far away from this . Instead , check out Christina Aguilera 's ` Back to Basics ' . She seems to be light years ahead of these girls in her age group both musically and vocally .
 Without going into the `` whys '' and the `` hows '' of why this album is bad - I will leave that to those who care enough to dissect this atrocity - I will simply say that every track sounded pitiful to me . In fact , this album is so bad I passed on the opportunity to download it for FREE . And when I let my friends know about the download , they passed on it too . I had to laugh because people will accept anything for free ; but Simpson 's music is so bad that you ca n't even give it away . Forget spending $ 16 , it is n't even worth precious hard drive space -- and with my hard drive bursting at the seams , I am very picky about what I will load on it . Free does n't cut it anymore ; it has to be good too.This album is a shame because Simpson does have a decent voice . I actually like her earlier music but her song choices on this album are terrible . I 'm no voice coach but she definitely needs to stop oversinging songs and control her voice better . She also needs more sophisticated song choices.Ooops , I guess my time is n't so precious after all because I did dissect this atrocity a little bit did n't I ? LOL !
 Upon the release of her new album `` A Public Affair , '' singer Jessica Simpson severely injured a vocal chord , an appropriate event considering the quality of her album.Since she infiltrated the music scene during the bubblegum renaissance of the early 2000s , she has been an average singer masquerading as a serious vocalist , and `` A Public Affair '' spotlights this so blatantly that a free pair of sunglasses should come with purchase.The title track and lead single is either a rip-off or tribute -LRB- depending on your level of cynicism -RRB- to the post-disco pop that aided the careers of divas such as Madonna or Janet Jackson , complete with shameless theft from the former musical maven . Indeed , mixing the best parts of the icon 's two early '80s smashes , `` Holiday '' and `` Lucky Star , '' would yield the layout for `` A Public Affair , '' complete with the same oh-so-addictive guitar licks and spaced-out synths.Simpson 's vocals are atrocious and the lyrics are bargain bin mumbo jumbo , setting the standard for the rest of the disc.Things hardly improve with her cover of Dead or Alive 's `` You Spin Me Round -LRB- Like a Record -RRB- . '' Few classic dance songs of the past 20 or so years have been so over-exposed , making this choice for a cover ill-advised . Still , one would think a credible singer would be able to make it her own , but Simpson 's limp , mechanized vocals are drowned out by walls of insipid production.One aspect of the album that stands out is its clear aversion to the half-baked adult-contemporary goop of 2003 's `` In This Skin . '' Where an eloquent piano solo might have accentuated Simpson then , frothy dance beats now reside . Whether or not this is a positive change is up to personal taste , but without a good voice , Simpson 's material remains invariably inferior.To make matters worse , the subject matter on the record often crosses the line from ridiculous to flat out embarrassing . `` Push Your Tush '' promotes stereotypes of what those in rustic areas do for fun , complete with hoedowns , country hicks , joysticks and cock-a-doodle-dos , while the likes of `` Between You and I '' and `` B.O.Y. '' -LRB- a musical diss obviously directed at ex-hubby Nick Lachey -RRB- seem straight out of the diary of an 11-year-old . Her cover of Patty Griffin 's `` Let Him Fly '' is more a blatant attempt to cash in on the media blitz surrounding the dissolution of her marriage than it is even a decent vocal performance . Meanwhile , `` I Belong To Me , '' the controversial last-minute addition to the album , is quite reminiscent of sister Ashlee 's 2005 song , `` I Am Me . `` Mighty self-absorbed , are n't we girls?Overall , the reasons to buy `` A Public Affair '' are few and far between , especially when Mariah Carey , Celine Dion and Whitney Houston are still living and breathing . Even on her best day , Simpson would be no match for the dynamic vocal prowess these women possess . Buy one of their albums instead .
 most of the songs are pretty bad , the lyrics are cheesy . `` i belong to me , i do n't belong to you ... '' uhh please ? she might have potential but she really needs to get her own style , she just does what is popular and sells at the moment.I recommend Christina Aguilera , Back to Basics . she 's a true artist .
 I enjoyed Jessica 's earlier albums and really liked a few songs . She is definitely talented and has a wonderful voice . But this album is terrible . It sounds like a bunch of bits and pieces of random stuff without a flow or thought put into this album . Very disappointing .
 I bought this album for the song , `` I belong To Me '' and it is not on the cd . What a rip off ! I also hated the cd . I could n't even understand the words she was singing . Jessica needs to stop singing !
 Dont spend your money on this ! The whole CD is horrible ! Jessica has gone wayyy down hill with her music .
 I have been waiting for this cd anxiously , and was quite disappointed . Really weak lyrics to the point of annoying . I did like the Spin me like a record song . Also , the transitions between songs just do n't work for me .
 I could do without this new CD . I just dont like this new style she is trying to go with . This album is nothing compared to Nick 's . I wouldnt waste your money unfortunately on this one .
 A Public Affair is Jessica Simpson 's fourth album , coming a few years after the surprisingly popular In This Skin . That album basically proved what little worth she has as a recording artist , as every song featured weak , breathy singing about how deeply in love she was her then-husband , boy band refugee Nick Lachey , over incredibly synthetic arrangements . To coincide with the show Newlyweds on MTV , a new version of the album was released to capitalize on the show 's popularity , with a couple of horrid covers thrown into the mix . Simpson & Lachey have Newlyweds to thank for all of their success , because at best they were third-tier bubblegum pop stars that were likely rescued from having to work the deep fryer at Mickey D 's by doing that show . In This Skin became a huge smash despite being a very weak album - just goes to show you how easily the media can manipulate some people.After some time off and the dissolution of her marriage , Simpson returns with the release of her fourth album , A Public Affair . Coming off her last album and her sugary-sweet rendition of `` These Boots Are Made For Walkin ' '' , it may surprise some to know that Simpson still seems to be in a state of arrested development . I 'll give her this much - at least she seems to be taking the divorce better than her crybaby ex Lachey , whose album What 's Left Of Me is going head to head with Paris Hilton 's album for the dubious distinction of Worst Album of 2006 . The title track is a lame ripoff of an unspectacular song -LRB- Madonna 's `` Holiday '' -RRB- , and Simpson 's voice is so breathy -LRB- and likely computer enhanced as well -RRB- that it sounds like she 's singing `` All the camels coming out for a public affair '' . Well , that would be an interesting image to say the least.Simpson 's biggest flaw , besides the weak lyrics and synthetic arrangements , is the fact that her voice still lacks polish . Not only does she sound like a 12 year old when she sings , but she sounds about as professional as one as well . Did I mention that the lyrics on this album are awful ? For further proof , look to songs like `` B.O.Y. '' and `` Push Your Tush '' for moments as cringe-inducing as the titles suggest . The other songs have titles based around simple pronouns - `` me '' , `` I , `` mine '' , etc. . I guess having your pimp ... er , I mean father boost your ego every day will make you feel like the center of the universe . In addition , thumbs down to the pitiful version of `` You Spin Me Round -LRB- Like A Record -RRB- , originally performed by Dead Or Alive . Simpson has certainly shown a knack for ruining other people 's songs over the years - give her that much . Check out Dope 's version to hear a far better cover of that song.In summary
 I like Jessica 's previous album , but this one is pretty bad . I am surprised because I really like A Public Affair , but most of the other songs are not good . She has a few that are decent , but most seem more like a newbie album , not her 3 or 4th album .
 This album had the potential to be considerably better than it is . Do n't let the first single fool you , the rest of the album is n't all that great . I will say that `` Between You And I '' is very beautiful and will probably be played at a lot of weddings.Simpson 's rendition of `` You Spin Me ` Round '' is not just a cover , she 's changed the lyrics so it is n't even the same song anymore !
 I do n't know what happened to Jessica Simpson . She used to have a strong and impressive singing voice . It seems now that she tries too hard to incorporate sex appeal , really throwing off her sound . The album lacks a true flow , with no unifying sound between all the tracks . Many are nothing more than bubblegum 80s throwbacks . If you want to spend your money well , buy Christina Aguilera 's new CD instead .
 This is a horrible CD ; most of the songs are extremely cliche and breathily sang . It seems that Jessica Simpson just ca n't evolve and grow as an artist . Instead , she 's stuck in the mold of producers telling her what to do to get sales . It 's rare to find a real talent in the music industry that is not a fabrication -LRB- Christina Aguilera -RRB- , and Jessica Simpson certianly is not one of those . In my option , her music career should be over as of now .
 To say this album is awful is too nice . Please do not waste your money !
 While Britney Spears & Christina Aguilera battled it out on the bubblegum pop music scene another star was emerging , that star was Jessica Simpson . She was blonde , beautiful , and could sing anything from a love ballad to a club single . After Jessica released her debut , and now double platinum , album ` Sweet Kisses ' it was no doubt that she would be a pop singing superstar . After suffering a career setback in 2001 with her sophomore effort ` Irresistible ' , Simpson got back on track when she released her third studio album ` In This Skin ' along with the successful MTV reality show ` Newlyweds ' in which she starred in with her now ex-husband Nick Lachey . After commercial deals , movie acting , and a highly publicized divorce , Jessica Simpson is back in the world of music ; but her return is far less extraordinary than expected.Simpson 's new album ' A Public Affair ' is somewhat of a throwback to the days of disco and Madonna with attempted modern spins on each track . Yet Simpson 's album tries too hard to push its classic retro backdrop in front of modern beats that ca n't compete with Christina Aguilera 's newly released big band throwback ` Back to Basics ' . The album kicks off with the title track ' A Public Affair ' , one that has stolen the beat of Madonna 's `` Holiday '' . The club ready tracks keep coming with the decent `` You Spin Me Round -LRB- Like A Record -RRB- '' and `` If You Were Mine '' . The last song on the album that Simpson described as being `` tailored for the clubs '' is the horrendous `` B.O.Y. '' , which borrows the beat of an older classic to spruce up its poorly written lyrics . The stand out track of the album `` The Lover In Me '' comes next - one that resembles Madonna 's `` Like A Prayer '' with a gospel filled chorus . Simpson , being from Texas , blends country chords with disco ball ready beats in the silly `` Push Your Tush '' that will surely make for a single at one point and time . ' A Public Affair ' quickly loses its 80 's / disco direction once it hits the song `` Swing With Me '' , a bad 20 's throwback that must have obviously been a cut form Aguilera 's ` Back to Basics ' . Simpson 's new CD also lacks her specialty , ballads , with only a few making the cut -LRB- `` Back To You '' & `` Between You & I '' -RRB- ... both of which are boring and unemotional . The album 's 80 's flair is also lost on the R&B ; track `` I Do n't Want To Care About Us '' . The Scott Storch produced track `` Fired Up '' is a Britney Spears `` Toxic '' rip off while the last song `` Let Him Fly '' is a folksy ballad remake that is most unfitting for this dance ready record.Overall Simpson has failed to make a record with any direction or vision . ' A Public Affair ' is a mish-mash of country , disco , big band , R&B ; , and remakes that were n't meant to be blended onto an album . Jessica 's breathy singing is a disappointment , considering her last effort had wonderful vocals , and her lack of direction destroy this album 's appeal .
 If you want to here a great version of the song `` Let Him Fly '' , try the version from the Dixie Chicks `` Fly '' cd or the one from the writer , Patty Griffin , on her `` Living with Ghosts '' cd.I think Jessica has a good voice but her version pales in comparison to the other 2 .
 In my opinion , this CD is very disappointing . It was like , because Nick put one out , she wanted to hurry and get one out too or something . At least that 's what it sounds like . Her stuff when she was with Nick was much better . It has been a couple years since her last CD so I was expecting more . I listened to it the first time I got it and I hate that she is like a cover artist . I mean even her last CD she did a remake of `` Take My Breath Away '' by Berlin . It appears that she -LRB- or her song writers for that matter -RRB- can not come up with anything original for her so she just sings other people 's stuff . I was a huge Jessica Simpson fan , but this CD makes me think different .
 The reviewer below is correct . Jessica has a beautiful voice . But her songs lack that certain commercial `` hook '' that has been a proven success for Britney and Christina . What comes to mind is that Jessica haas only a couple of hits , whereas the others have numerous hits ... I think Jessica needs to hire a better songwriting team ... Oh yeah , the covers got ta go ... Once in a while is ok .
 I was disappointed in this album . I was looking forward to hearing ballads and a few uptempo beats but not the ode to the 80s I got .
 I bought this album , after hearing the hype about it . I thought maybe Jessica 's voice had matured . But it is the same over-singing , lack of talent , try anything to make a buck rubbish.Do NOT buy this CD , it is terrible . I ca n't believe I wasted my money on it !
 I 've never been much of a Jessica Simpson fan but something in the darn catchy first single `` Public Affair '' prompted me to try to get a download of the album and boy , am I glad I did n't shell much money out for this ! To say the least , Jessica Simpson is on the brink of not being known for her music , which is a shame since that 's how she came to our attention . She is mostly now just a novelty character , famous for being famous and I can remember Jessica 's voice sounding better than this from when she first came out . She almost has a breathy , country twang about her that strains at times and also sounds a bit `` too easy '' . She is not a Whitney , or Mariah or even a Christina . She tries and it comes across as false . `` Public Affair '' the album is a disjointed affair . Pop , disco , 80 's , country , swing , R&B ; and rock are jammed packed into a 13 song , 54 minute album . For someone like Prince , all these styles on an album is incredible , but for Jessica , it 's a pure mess . The album does not flow and the beginning of the album gets you set up for a high-energy old school 80 's / disco/dance/party vibe but by mid-ways it becomes a drab and excruciating affair.The tracks that are worth your time , but you should try downloading seperately , begin with the Madonna-Donna Summer-esque `` Public Affair '' which is addicting and oh-so-catchy and the music video is one of my faves from this summer . I give Jessica props for actually coming out with a video that had a story line and comedy along the lines of 80 's music videos . Next up is `` B.O.Y '' . Yes , it steals the familliar opening of The Cars `` Just What I Needed '' and Cameo 's `` Word Up '' , you ca n't help but like the dance and rock vibe this song has . It 's cheesy yet fun to sing out at the top of your lungs . `` If You Were Mine '' is probably my fave track off of this , it 's a homage to every 80 's diva that ever batted a purple eyelid , wore bangles and leggings . It has a Whitney Houston , `` I Wan na Dance With Somebody '' / Paula Abdul , Taylor Dayne , Kylie Minogue , Sheena Easton vibe about it ... it 's very catchy and if you like 80 's you 'll like this . `` Walkin ' Around In A Cirlce '' is a change of pace for the album , while it takes on a soft rock-80 's vibe with a trickling keyboard and has a subtle country twang about it . To get into something extremely left field , `` Swing With Me '' makes you feel like you are in a small , dank , dance hall from the 1940 's , but with a more updated feel to it.Now it gets messy , `` Spin Me Around -LRB- Like A Record -RRB- '' is a terrible attempt at remaking , and of all the 80 's songs to redo , why this one ? Possibly the weirdest remake I 've ever heard . `` Push Your Tush '' is HORRENDOUS . It 's cringeworthy with it 's cutesy ho-down , bootscooting boogie horror ride . I almost expected her little sis -LRB- or should I say clone -RRB- Ashlee Simpson to come on board and give us a ho-down in the middle of the track . `` Fired Up '' sounds like `` Toxic '' - Jessica 's way . Um , no ... then `` The Lover In Me '' is `` With You Part 2 '' . The ballads are the worst to listen to , for Jessica strains and sounds like she is forcing a voice out . `` Back To You '' has a country vibe about it , it 's not a terrible song , but it 's not catchy and tends to have Jessica whining . `` Between You & I '' is a weak attempt at a 50 's doo-wop ballad , skip . `` I Do n't Want To Care '' is not bad -LRB- you can listen to it -RRB- just that Jessica trying to do a Rihanna/Mya type of R&B ; strings and things ballad , she tries but it falters . The closing track `` Let Him Fly '' has Jessica doing a semi-capella , that does n't `` fly '' at take off.To tell you to buy this album would be me telling you a lie . The best songs are the ones to download , seperately . Jessica has a long way to go to get to where she wants to be and after four albums , that dream seems to be far away because by the time an artist releases a fourth album they should be polished and know a little sometin ' something about making music . The mistakes were to be made on the debut not the 4th release . Blame it on Nick or blame it on Ashlee 's weird plastic surgery , but this is all Jessica , and what a boring affair she is having.BEST BETS1 . If You Were Mine2 . A Public Affair3 . Walkin ' Around In A Circle4 . B.O.Y. 5 . Swing With MePUSH THE SKIP BUTTON1 . Push Your Tush2 . Spin Me Round -LRB- Like A Record -RRB-
 I hate to give Jessica Simpson 's CD a horrible review , but she has given me no choice . I loved Jessica Simpson 's CD `` In This Skin '' so I was excited about this album . I was very disappointed . The lyrics are weak and her voice rarely hits the famous Jessica Simpson pitch that some people found annoying , but made Jessica Simpson , Jessica Simpson . I do not recommend this album .
 She ca n't sing - she can barely `` chirp '' her way through a song . Half a star would be a better rating for her lame efforts . No matter how many top celebrity producers she hires and how much studio wizardry , technology gimmickry and sound blending they add to her ` vocal ' attempts - she only chirps off key at best . She had to ` repackage ' her last album and add Dvd video clips just months after it was released because it was n't selling . -LSB- Maybe she thinks she has to include visual ` sex ' to sell her lackluster music . -RSB- Neither of the Simpson girls can sing , so , save yourself a huge disappointment & instead invest your $ $ $ on NICK LACHEY 's `` What 's Left Of Me '' cd , which is much better and packs a rockin ' punch and some great ballads where he bares his soul and really sings his heart out with impassioned fervor .
 it is time for Jessica to sing songs that fits a woman . This bubblegum type of music is just horrendous . The lyrics are the ones of a teenage girl . Sorry but this cd is a big disapointment . If you want something meaningful , you better run away from this one . I heard that she is dating John Mayer now . If it is so , than you should seek help from him for your next record .
 This album is a BIG disappointment !!!! This is nothing like her old stuff ! I definitely would reconsider purchasing this album because it is not worth the money !
 especially when there 's a pretty girl invovled but this is just dreadful . the songs are so cheesy , her voice is out of place in half the songs . it 's whiny , irritating , dull and at this point , I 'm not sure who 's more talented , her or her sister . they got the looks , sure , but there 's lots of pretty girls in this world , does n't mean they deserve a singing contract just to look hot on the cover of the cd . & that 's the only thing that intrigued me to listening to this album . & I 'm sorry Jes , but maybe u really are as brain dead as people say .
 there are so many great young , women solo artist out there , that write their own inspiring music , that I ca n't see why anyone -LRB- over the age of 7 -RRB- would spend money on a jessica-type artist . visit a music section today and by any album from tori amos , fiona apple , or nora jones . they will impress and inspire you.go away jessica , ashlee , and clay and let a real artist take over .
 I do n't mean to sound over-dramatic , but I would give this CD 0 stars if I could . Or maybe half a star . Seriously , it is one of the worst musical purchases I ever made . -LRB- Okay , so technically I did n't pay for it . My mom did . But she wasted her money because it sucks ! -RRB- The only songs worth listening to on this album are You Spin Me Round and Fired Up . The rest are really stupid . Like REALLY . I expected more following Jessica 's last album , In This Skin , which I thought was surprisingly enjoyable . A Public Affair , however , is not enjoyable . It 's a waste . DO NOT get it unless you 're into fluffy , meaningless pop junk , because that 's exactly what it is .
 You know , I actually liked Jessica 's last album `` In This Skin '' -LRB- the original edition - not the deluxe one -RRB- . I remember getting it way back at Circuit City for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- and I thought `` Why Not ? '' . Turns out that album became one of my favorite guilty pleasures . She did n't sound particularly good on that one , but she had some killer tracks - one good song after the other -LRB- remember the incredible `` Forbidden Fruit '' , originally written for Madonna ? -RRB- and that album as a whole deserved to go platinum , as it did.This new CD by Miss Simpson however , will ensure that she goes straight back to the bargain bins -LRB- which is where you can also find her abysmal debut CD `` Sweet Kisses '' -RRB- . I grant her two stars because she can sing when she wants to , but no one capable of such addictive music as `` In This Skin '' has the right to make and release music so obviously substandard as this one.Title track `` A Public Affair '' is a wonderful melody , only because it samples Madonna 's `` Holiday '' and Diana Ross & The Supremes `` Ai n't no Mountain High Enough '' . Things fall to pieces pretty quickly . Since this is supposed to be Jessica 's ` divorce album ' , she wants to put in a few tracks about her growth and journey -LRB- yeah , right -RRB- , plus she also wants to party and have a good time -LRB- a running theme through all her studio albums -RRB- . The problem is , the material is terrible to begin with . The biggest offender is `` Push your Tush '' , which sounds as horrible as the title.I sort of liked her cover of `` You Spin me Round '' , but then again , this is a song that has sounded good in almost every cover version because its very hard to mess up . The guitar sync on `` B.O.Y '' starts ferociously and promisingly , but then it becomes just another typical Simpson track . And let me not even start on the ballads here , because they are even worse and inferior than the ones on her debut CD . Her voice is NOT as good as it was on her last CD , and the production , though quite tight , gets a little sloppy toward the end tracks.I would not recommend this unless you had money to burn . Jessica did make a great album back in the day -LRB- as in 2003 ! -RRB- but I think that either she has very bad musical advisors , or she has very bad taste in picking out songs to sing . Anyone can tell that these are terrible songs to commit to record , so I wonder why she even bothered.Oh well , another teen princess bites the dust . Give me Paris Hiltons ' debut CD over this one anyday .
 Her tweenie fans should love this album . I just wonder when the music is going to grow up!Her good looks and pushy father are owed much of the credit for her continuing success.I liked her as the comic relief with ex hubby better !
 I am actually a fan of Jessica ... I think she is generally fun to watch and has a good voice -LRB- sometimes -RRB- . But this record is just sub-par . The songs are really dumb with stupid lyrics and no feeling . Her voice sounds just plain weird half of the time . One of the worst albums of the year , for sure . While I hate to make this comparison - I actually bought Nick Lachey 's CD a while back and I am still listening to it all day . THAT is one great CD .
 This album is a colossal disappointment , given that she can actually sing pretty well - but not a surprise , since she clearly is content to douse herself with pop perfume again and again.I would like to commend her for covering Patty Griffin 's `` Let Him Fly '' ... but no one has any business covering this song . I am so sad to see that Jessica did this . I 'm sure it was - and still is - an important song for her during her divorce , but I am actually -LRB- literally -RRB- offended that she saw fit to include this incredible song on a disc with all the other schlock . It just makes me sad .
 another crappy cd coming from miss simpson oh yeah she goes motown here this is why people download music because of crap like this screw her and her punk ex hubby and slutty sis ashley and oh yeah she ca n't even keep a damn boyfriend the dunce .
 I love Jessica Simpson and I 'm a big fan of her music , `` In This Skin '' was a wonderful album I could n't take it out of my cd player for weeks , but after listening to `` A Public Affair '' it just seems like a cheesy 80s sounding dance album that was thrown together and is very over produced . Jessica is good at singing ballads which this cd seems to lack . `` In This Skin '' is a better buy , and I have to say her Nick Lachey 's new album is wonderful and contains songs that have real meanings .
 Jessica Simpson 's albums consistently get bad reviews , but no matter . I have enjoyed every single one . Until now , that is.A lot has happened to Simpson since she recorded her last disc . She has made the transition from B-lister to superstar . So , naturally I had high hopes for this album . Songwriters and producers would take notice and finally give her some songs that would launch her singing career into the stratosphere , I thought . Unfortunately , I thought wrong.The album begins with her so-so first single , `` A Public Affair '' , and pretty much goes downhill from there . The disc 's only redeeming track is `` The Lover in Me '' , which is worth more than the $ .99 it costs to download . But aside from this one bright spot , these songs make for an extremely disappointing affair .
 Out of all the natural and bleached blondes in the United States who can really sing , Jessica Simpson had to be the lucky one . I ca n't even believe she even made it this far . Her voice lacks depth , range , and maturity , basically , she sounds awful . Not as bad as Shakira , but close . Anyway , `` A Public Affair '' is a complete mess and should 've been kept private . Jessica does n't even know what she wants to do
 I think Jessica had the potential to make a great album , but this album is terrible ! The first single , A Public Affair , is catchy and fun . The rest of the songs on this album are dreadful . I do n't even know what style she is trying to do on this album ; it is such a mess !! I was excited to purchase this album , but after one listen , I feel I made a terrible mistake . Just very disappointing , because I was expecting SO much more .
 The title song , `` A Public Affair '' , is great . It was a wise choice for first single and showed off her fun side and how she could be creative and sing something other than ballads and love songs -LRB- which seemed to be the focus of many of the releases from her last album , ` In This Skin ' -RRB- . Yet , the first single fools you.The good side of this release is that Jessica Simpson is all over the place musically . The lyrics are n't all about love or relationships ; `` A Public Affair '' is just about going out and having a good time , `` You Spin Me Round -LRB- Like a Record '' is a nice take-off of an old song about being caught up in someone , `` Fired Up '' is about going to the club and just letting loose . The down side to having such a wide range is that the really good songs stand out and then when compared to others that are n't as strong , you 're in for a disapointment and let down . The first three tracks are great ; fun , light , creative for her . A lot of the others seem weak and come off as filler tracks or B-sides to past works . `` The Lover in Me '' is a nice sort of power ballad with the Jessica Simpson big-voice , runs , showing off that you 'd expect from her . She 's also joined by a choir on that track . `` B.O.Y. '' sounds interesting , like a song out of the 1980s era . `` Swing With Me '' has rather tongue-in-cheek lyrics with a big band era production that really stands out and shines on the album . `` Between You and I '' will remind you of a song like `` Unchained Melody '' and it 's okay , but the music is a bit better than the lyrics . Yet these mild to good tracks are brought down by others like `` Push Your Tush '' which sounds as if it was n't well thought out and recorded quickly . They 're forgettable , or sound under-produced . `` Back to You '' , `` I Do n't Want to Care '' , `` If You Were Mine '' and `` Let Him Fly '' all come off as sleeper tracks ; rather dull and slow moving and simply uninteresting.The 2 stars are just for inconsistancy . You can tell that some of these tracks were recorded a while ago and just tossed in with more recent recordings . It would have been great if she 'd done a complete upbeat pop album , as it seems like she 's doing with the first three songs . For once , the ballads and love songs just do n't really seem to work for her . Her heart and creativity comes through when she 's being upbeat , playing with different sounds and styles , having fun and dancing . Not sure if it 's completely worth buying but there are some really good songs on here that you should check out . Just know that all of her songs are n't like ' A Public Affair ' which may be a good or bad thing , depending on what you 're looking to get out of listening to her .
 Either she is getting bad business advice or she really is this clueless . To be this young and doing so many remakes is not a smart move . On this cd , she covers dance rock group Dead or Alive and country artists Patti Griffin and Dixie Chicks . She also uses many samples from many artists , including Madonna.The other thing that irritates me about her is Jessica can sing , but she has always lacks uniqueness in her voice . That is why her previous albums never sold anything . Therefore , it is my opinion she decided to go for a kitty-like voice this time so she could sell records . It is clear to anyone listening to this cd , that Jessica looks up to Madonna . What Jessica fails to see is Madonna has never been a powerhouse vocalist , but her voice is unique and she has amazing star quality which is something Jessica lacks . Jessica also fails to realize is Madonna is no longer the force she used to be and copying her at this point is not a smart idea.This cd is worthless ! Jessica , please find your own backbone and just be yourself on your next record .
 I would like to start my review off by stating that I have always been a fan of Jessica Simpson . I have alway found her to be an underappreciated talent with an impressive voice . I even enjoyed her TV show with now ex husband Nick ... With that being said , let me continue on to `` A Private Affair . `` This album is complete and utter garbage . And not in a positive Shirley Manson kind of way , either ... Jessica 's voice sounds , to put it politlely , stretched a little thin here and she relies too heavily on recycled samples of so many other artists that I wo n't even start to list them . The only track on this disc that is listenable -LRB- and even that is an acquired taste -RRB- is the first single , `` A Public Affair , '' and it goes quickly downhill from there . I am so disgusted with this album that I doubt I will ever buy another Simpson CD again - ever ! Out of the 100 + music purchases I have made here at Amazon over the past year , this is definitely the biggest waste of money ever ... this CD is a waste of time , energy , and a perfectly good blank CD that will be in the 1 cent bin before you can say `` Newlyweds . ''
 If not for her looks , this woman would not get recorded . The music is shallow .
 I agree with the majority of posts . I am dissapointed in Jessica 's new album and I own all of her albums . Why does she have to sing all `` breathy '' ? What happened to the `` belt-out-I Wan na Love You Forever '' Jessica ? She lost a lot of fans when she did n't want to split her earnings 50:50 with Nick . She would n't even be popular today if she had n't gotten married and been on a tv show . Next time , I think she should try an edgier sound , kinda like Kelly Clarkson or her sister , Ashlee . Jessica can sing . I just do n't know why she tries to do the sexy whisper on all her songs anymore ! And I think the song `` Walkin Round '' sounds like it is from a Stevie Nicks song . Why so many samples ?
 Jessica simpson has some talent , but is missing the right direction at getting it all together . the material here is all over the place & very cliched . the title track is a knock off of Madonna 's `` Holiday '' & the Groove never catches on . Jessica is more Celine Dion than She is Britney Spears & yet She is n't anywhere near Celine Dion in terms of reaching her vocal goals as a Artist.She has pop appeal , but does n't have the right Writers & producers to properly channel her musical talent . it is hurting her as a Artist . this Album is lame .
 This is definatly the worst CD of the year by a major artist . Most pop stars have someone reliable listen to their CDs before they actually release them . Releases this terrible hardly ever get put out . Someone says `` Umm this sounds terrible , better return to the studio and cut some new songs '' . I am serious , nobody seemed to give a damn here . I think Jessica subconsciously thought since her personal life was going to hell , who cares about trying to make a good CD . So she flushes her career down the toilet here as well . Why ca n't she bounce back ? Because her moment of fame is passing like most other young pop stars . She had one comeback , but not again . After this , nobody will care anything about the next CD . This CD was important , because had it been good , her fans would have been pleased and maybe she could have extended her career a few more years and yet another release ? Even Britney Spears , although people do n't know it yet , is done for . Her next CD will bomb , because her moment of fame has passed . It 's all been heard before , and there is nothing new she could possibly put out that we havent heard already . Yea , maybe it will go GOLD because her name is so well known , they 'll preship a ton of units , and people still hear about her in the news , tabloids , grabbing attention , etc. . But a teen pop star all have limited time . Jessica 's is over with the worst CD of the year and perhaps the worst teen pop CD in history . An ultimate piece of crap , uninspired , tired , dead , poor vocal delivery , and overall lackluster in every way -LRB- including the studio people and band members -RRB- .
 Im not gon na go into full detail about this MESS . Except that Jessica Simpson is talented and has amazing voice to the likes of Mariah Carey and Christina Aguilera . However she just doesnt know what to do with it . She works with the wrong people & she really needs a mainstream producer to PUT her VOICE on the MAP & Utilize it to the best of her ability . This album was a MESS & thank goodness for technology cause i RIPPED it & added it to my iPod . I refuse to SPEND MONEY on this mess . That being said i only liked 1 song & that didnt even make it on the album unless she did a re-release and its called `` I Belong To Me '' . Jessica here is to your next album which i hope will be better then everything else you released .
 There just was n't much to this album that I could get excited about . It all just sounds like filler except for a few of the slower songs . I would definitely recommend listening to this before buying it even if you are a Jessica Simpson fan .
 I adore Jessica Simpson !!! But this album is seriously lacking in originality . Why , oh why , do artist insist on re-making songs ?!? Unless it 's a Christmas song , it just does n't work . At least for me it does n't . Do n't waste your money on this album , but definitely buy one of her others .
 I was never a big jessica fan and this disc did n't make dislike her anymore than before but confirmed that all she is , is a girl singer someone who is pretty and can hold a note and sing on key and if you are looking for that in music then i suggest getting this cd .
 A hysterical attempt at a publicity rushed album that is a total joke . Do n't waste your money ... wait for a few weeks , it 'll be available in the $ 0.99 bin at wal-mart .
 i would love to review this product.BUT I NEVER RECEIVED IT IN THE MAIL ! STILL WAITING !!!!!!
 Jessica is blessed with a powerful and beautiful voice , but you wo n't get the chance to hear it on this CD . This CD is a complete let down . It is her worst one yet ! Do n't get me wrong . I love Jessica , but seeing her waste her God given gift on a bunch of kitty cat songs is just so ... tragic .
 There is a place for campy , cartoon-character pop , and Jessica clearly knows this . Hell , she 's managed to build a career out of it ! A Public Affair is her cheesiest record yet , a salute to roller rinks and preteen bonfires that relishes in its own stupidity . When it works , it 's poppy fun , but these moments are unfortunately few and far between.The best parts of A Public Affair imitate -LRB- or sample -RRB- superior artists . The title track owes its entire existence to a bouncy Madonna sample , and once the chorus of overexcited roller skaters chimes in at the end , resistance is futile . The other highlights are Simpson 's cover of Dead Or Alive 's You Spin Me Round -LRB- Like A Record -RRB- , B.O.Y. -LRB- with guitar stabs that sound suspiciously like they belong in the Cars ' Just What I Needed -RRB- and the sugary Shania Twain sound-alike Walkin ' ` Round In A Circle . The rest of the album is less successful.Simpson dons her daisy dukes once more for Push Your Tush , an embarrassing -LRB- self mocking ? -RRB- country/pop/dance mixture that falls flat on its face with painfully unfunny proclamations like `` take it to the barnyard ! '' Towards the end , A Public Affair becomes almost unlistenable . Unlike the breezy first half , Simpson decides to return to her standard oversing-every-note-that-I-can delivery . Given her earnestness , especially on the break-up ballad Let Him Fly , it could be campy fun . Sadly , the melodies just are n't there.Key Tracks
 I was hopping for a good album but instead its very average . At first it seemed boring but now I got used to it and its ok.I think instead of beeing all over she should have picked on styly of music plus to me the way songs put together is not a good choiceI hope she comes out with some better material soon
 OK . First I did n't buy the CD . I listen to them at Yahoo music subscription that I have.The first single was obviously a Madonna rip off . Surprised she did n't get sued yet . The remake of Dead or Alive song was the worst . Why make a remake if you 're going to make it sound worst . I like couple songs before she did in the past but this CD just sucks so bad that I listen to the whole CD in 5 minutes.Kids , do n't waste your money .
 She does n't know what she wants to be . So She 'll try it all . What we are witnessing is a little girl in her mommies closet trying on all the outdated , oversized clothing and have a damn good time . However , none of it fits her and she just looks silly.She does n't use her powerhouse vocals on any of the songs . NOT A SINGLE ONE.she 's ready to party . in the 80s , 70s , 20s and -LRB- supposedly -RRB- present times . but the clubb banger `` fired up ! '' is just , i do n't know , EMBARASSING.As i listend to it initially , she had me . i liked B.O.Y the cars rift was working for me . If you were mine , was catchy . You Spin me right round , was unexpected and not so superb , but its a good song , just not a good song for her . the lover in me was as corny as the title suggested . . but it was okay . then it all went down hill and what looked like a mock 80s album just went schizo.R & b ; country has yet to be a succesful genera . she tries it . does n't work.Christina does the 20s ,30 s ,40 s sooo much better , i ca n't recall the song title ... but Jessica tries it and just looks like a fool . i ca n't stress enough how embarassing this album is.She needs to find herself . maybe superficial poorly executed pop-trash is n't the way .
 I am very disappointed with this CD , she seemes to have lost her edge . Maybe losing at love made her lose her ability to produce good music . Her ex-husbands CD in my opinion is the better buy , and has alot better sound and spirit then hers .
 Do n't bother getting this album . This is her worst album ever . Theres gon na be a lot of dissappointed fans . Could have been better if she did n't sing using the voice she did . After a while this cd put me to sleep .
 There is a thin line between paying homage to an era , and completely ripping off one song after the other . This entire album is an exercise in song recycling and bad production . The album tries to come across as laid back and fun , but instead seems forced and desperate . Jessica has never really made any real waves with her music , and this album cetainly wo n't be changing that.With opening sales close to those of Paris Hilton 's debut , this could very well be the last album we here from jessica .
 Jessica claims this album contains the heart and soul of what 's been happening in her life , but she forgot to include songs about a shrinking fan base who is tired of the regular slop . Save your money and buy Nick Lachey 's album it 's better .
 Dear Ms. Simpson , please stop singing , you are only making yourself look worse than you already are . Your music is n't catchy , but worst of all , you have proven that you do not care about your voice or the kind of music you sing . Ms. Simpson , you originally had something that people were interested in . But , you gave into the pressure , and traded in your actual vocal talent for fluff and your physical appearance . You will NEVER be in the same league as Christina or Britney , so just stop please !
 I MUST ADMIT , I WAS ONE OF THE FIRST IN LINE GETTING JESSICA 'S CD WHEN IT CAME OUT . I BASICALLY WAS DYING TO HEAR HER VERSION OF ` LET HIM FLY . ' WELL , IT WAS DISAPPOINTING TO SAY THE LEAST . PATTY GRIFFIN 'S VERSION IS GOOD BUT THE DIXIE CHICKS ' VERSION JUST BLOWS IT AWAY . I REALLY HAD TO MAKE MYSELF LISTEN TO THIS CD . IT HURT TO WANT TO PUT IT AWAY AFTER ONE LISTEN . I HATE BUYING CDS THAT MAKE ME FEEL THAT WAY . AND TO MAKE MATTERS WORSE , I HAD NO IDEA HER ' I BELONG TO ME ' SONG WAS CONSIDERED A `` BONUS TRACK . '' I MEAN , IF YOU ARE PROMOTING YOUR ALBUM AND ARE PERFORMING THIS SONG LIVE PERHAPS AS A POTENTIAL SINGLE , WHY WOULD N'T YOU WANT EVERYONE TO HAVE EQUAL ACCESS TO IT ??? I GOT MY CD AT TARGET WITH ONLY 13 SONGS BUT APPARENTLY IF YOU GET IT AT WAL * MART , YOU GET THE BONUS TRACK . THAT SUCKS SO BAD . THE CD HAS SOME COVER SONGS FROM THE 80s BUT IF YOU WANT COVER SONGS , MANDY MOORE 'S ` COVERAGE ' CD IS A LOT BETTER . IT HAS A FEW SONGS THAT MIGHT BE FUN TO DANCE TO AT A CLUB BUT SERIOUSLY , I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE TO BUY THIS CD . CHECK OUT I-TUNES AND PICK THE SONGS YOU LIKE , WHICH WILL MORE THAN LIKELY BE VERY , VERY FEW . ASHLEE 'S MATERIAL IS WAAY BETTER THAN THIS !
 I wish from the bottom of my heart that I could think of one , just one , good thing to say about this album . Sadly this was the worst 13 songs I ever had to suffer through .
 What this CD is lacking is a heart . The music seems all `` generated '' and not real . Jessica sounds like her voice was canned and them placed into the right spots .
 I like Jess so much that it is difficult to say that her last album is BAD ! 2stars because i like U!LOLPlease Jess you have to do your own things ... like Christina and for sure your next album will be as perfect as Back to basics . !
 I am a huge Jessica Simpson fan-for her music and not her personal escapades ! I own every album she has made , and I anxiously await each new one . So of course when this album came out I snagged it up and looked forward to hearing those beautiful ballads that she does so well ! She produces hearfelt songs and eliquently written ballads like no one else I have ever heard ! This CD was a dissapointment to me ... the only song that was like her `` usual style '' was `` Between You and I `` and I absolutely love that song ! But everything else was all over the place . In my opinion she is trying too hard to become an upbeat club kinda singer and that just does not work for her-or it is not what she does well ! She needs to stop trying to be what the other artists are because she is not successful with her `` club '' attempt at music .
 I was expecting a fun CD that I could pop in when I 'm getting ready for a girls night out , but was extremely disappointed . There was only one song that made it worth buying and that is the cover of Fly .
 Regardless of the fact that I love Jessica Simpson , this CD does n't live up to the others , namely Sweet Kisses and In This Skin . The music really overpowers her voice , particularly in Spin Me ` Round -LRB- Like a Record -RRB- . You Belong to Me is possibly the best song on the album . A Public Affair is a good summery song , like if you 're in the car with your girlfriends on a road trip , but beyond that , it 's not so catchy . If you 're not a dedicated JS fan , skip on this one .
 This album has a bit of everything . Jazz , pop , dance , and disco . All tracks equally as horrible . I miss the days when Jessica could sing . Now she does this thing with her voice that I ca n't stand .
 I own all of Jessica Simpsons CD and this one is the worst one . Her voice is totally winy and her music never changes . She has one tone and one tone only . You ca n't really understand her because she tries too hard . Her voice is odd ... I ca n't stand her music . No wonder it does n't sell .
 In the Amazon review above Tammy la Gorce plugs this album as a success ... what ????!!!!! This is without doubt one of the worst albums I have ever heard and I listened to it only out of curiousity to see if JS had started making any serious music . Obviously the answer is a resounding NO , and the title track is wincingly cheesy , with an attention-seeking video to boot . Tammy , you gave Nick Lachey 's vastly , vastly superior `` What 's Left Of Me '' album a negative review despite it having four strong tracks to Jessica 's zero . Is it bias ???
 someone get her vocal lessons ! completelt unoriginal and oversung ... dont waste your money
 No thought , feeling , artistic anything in this cd . She 's trying to ride on her tabloid popularity and hoping that people will go out and buy this cd . Good Luck .
 While Britney Spears & Christina Aguilera battled it out on the bubblegum pop music scene another star was emerging , that star was Jessica Simpson . She was blonde , beautiful , and could sing anything from a love ballad to a club single . After Jessica released her debut , and now double platinum , album ` Sweet Kisses ' it was no doubt that she would be a pop singing superstar . After suffering a career setback in 2001 with her sophomore effort ` Irresistible ' , Simpson got back on track when she released her third studio album ` In This Skin ' along with the successful MTV reality show ` Newlyweds ' in which she starred in with her now ex-husband Nick Lachey . After commercial deals , movie acting , and a highly publicized divorce , Jessica Simpson is back in the world of music ; but her return is far less extraordinary than expected.Simpson 's new album ' A Public Affair ' is somewhat of a throwback to the days of disco and Madonna with attempted modern spins on each track . Yet Simpson 's album tries too hard to push its classic retro backdrop in front of modern beats that ca n't compete with Christina Aguilera 's newly released big band throwback ` Back to Basics ' . The album kicks off with the title track ' A Public Affair ' , one that has stolen the beat of Madonna 's `` Holiday '' . The club ready tracks keep coming with the decent `` You Spin Me Round -LRB- Like A Record -RRB- '' and `` If You Were Mine '' . The last song on the album that Simpson described as being `` tailored for the clubs '' is the horrendous `` B.O.Y. '' , which borrows the beat of an older classic to spruce up its poorly written lyrics . The stand out track of the album `` The Lover In Me '' comes next - one that resembles Madonna 's `` Like A Prayer '' with a gospel filled chorus . Simpson , being from Texas , blends country chords with disco ball ready beats in the silly `` Push Your Tush '' that will surely make for a single at one point and time . ' A Public Affair ' quickly loses its 80 's / disco direction once it hits the song `` Swing With Me '' , a bad 20 's throwback that must have obviously been a cut form Aguilera 's ` Back to Basics ' . Simpson 's new CD also lacks her specialty , ballads , with only a few making the cut -LRB- `` Back To You '' & `` Between You & I '' -RRB- ... both of which are boring and unemotional . The album 's 80 's flair is also lost on the R&B ; track `` I Do n't Want To Care About Us '' . The Scott Storch produced track `` Fired Up '' is a Britney Spears `` Toxic '' rip off while the last song `` Let Him Fly '' is a folksy ballad remake that is most unfitting for this dance ready record.Overall Simpson has failed to make a record with any direction or vision . ' A Public Affair ' is a mish-mash of country , disco , big band , R&B ; , and remakes that were n't meant to be blended onto an album . Jessica 's breathy singing is a disappointment , considering her last effort had wonderful vocals , and her lack of direction destroy this album 's appeal .
 AWFUL , AWFUL , AWFUL ! I can not believe I bought this cd ! Horrible !
 Are all of you serious ? This is HORRIBLE.Orchestra , mixed with a feeble attempt at metal , with the worst singing I have ever heard.Finland must stop the export of all it 's music to the outside world .
 I sometimes wonder whether people are abusing the reviewing system and just hyping up records to sucker people into buying them . I agree with the last more honest review . This album is n't that good . Very repetitive and aggravating . I hope this is the last from Nightwish .
 So cool - I never thought Yanni would put out a rock album .
 Worst album I 've ever heard . This band is awful ; the music is just so embarrassing to listen to . The first track alone makes you cringe and as for the rest , it 's just ripped off from scores of metal bands before . The vocals are dia , the guitar playing is crap , the arrangements are stupid and I bet there is n't one reviewer for this album that has given 5 stars that 's over 14 years old . If you are a pre-teen nerd then you must really enjoy this trash . For later generations I would avoid Nightwish because they Suck ! Suck ! Suck !
 Nightwish have once again failed to progress . In a desperate attempt to capture Metal and Opera they have failed terribly . An earlier review said that ` Once ' was like an adventure , yet I would have to be high as kite to agree with this becuase the adventure would only go as far as my trash can . The singing is out of key . The guitars are toned down too far and mixed with silly synthesiser sound effects makes the whole charade give you earache . I would much prefer to be tortured with electrodes then put my music system through this again . However , there is one good thing to say about the album ` Once ' , it makes a dam good ` frisby ' . So Nightwish , go back to Europe and die .
 If this is the best from Finland , then no wonder they f *** up everytime at eurovison . This is one of the most annoying records I have listened to . If you are into opera , classical music . Listen to the real thing .
 Nightwish has sucked and will always suck ! Please , do n't waste your time on this album -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- when there are REAL masterpieces out there.Don ' t buy `` Once '' or any of Nightwish 's albums , buy these following albums : '' ... And Justice for All '' by Metallica `` Lost and Found '' by Mudvayne `` Lateralus '' by Tool `` Believe '' by Disturbed `` XIII '' by Mushroomheadand `` Toxicity '' by System of a Down.Thank you !
 Why do kids love this band so much ? I have had to listen to my 13 year Niece play this album over and over again for the last 3 hours and in buying headphones for her , its the best money spent this year , as for this annoying band , as far as rock goes it is such a pile of crap and I just hope that eventually she will grow out of it .
 I heard ghost love score and was hooked-now im tired of that song cause its the only good track on the album - agree with other negative reviews - STAY CLEAR - trust me !!!
 Whats this twit on ? People trying to pull down the rating ? Same people slagging off the record ? When people spend their money they have every right to comment pal ! I ca n't endorse this record , it 's just not as good as some are saying . So Avoid !
 I agree with the last review . This is a goodish album but the lyrics are stupid . I 'd actually be embarrassed if I were to be playing this to somebody and they asked me what the song -LRB- s -RRB- were about . If Nightwish could put together some sensible chorus lines to their tracks , then they would most probably have more appeal .
 NIGHTWISH ARE JUST A TOTAL RIP OFF OF EARLY DREAM THEATRE AND SYMPHONY X WHO WERE A HELL OF A LOT MORE TECHNICAL AND HEAVIER THAN THIS . THE HEAVY GUITAR RIFFS HAVE ALL BEEN DONE BEFORE AND THE STUPID OPERATIC BACKGROUND SOUNDS ARE EMBARRASSING TO LISTEN TO . I RECKON SOME OF THESE ' 5 ' STAR REVIEWERS HAVE MORE TO DO WITH THE BAND THEN WHAT THEY ARE LETTING ON , CAUSE I HAVE NEVER WITNESSED SO MANY ALLEDGED REVIEWERS ATTEMPT TO SUCKER PEOPLE INTO BUYING THIS !!! CHECK OUT DREAM THEATRE 'S EARLY MATERIAL AND SYMPHONY X , THE GUITARISTS CAN PLAY DECENT SOLOS FOR STARTERS . I 'VE LISTENED TO EVERY TRACK OF NIGHTWISH THROUGH MP3S AND THEY ARE ALL CRAP !!! SO BUY AT YOUR PERIL !!!
 I have read all these reviews and have listened to every track that Nightwish have released to date , and there is nothing special about this band at all . Dream Theatre is much better than this . They are heavier , they play decent guitar solos and they write original material . What half these people are on beggars ' belief . Nightwish 's music is annoying to listen to . I was listening to their album ` Destiny 's Child ' and a track called ` Phantom of the Opera ' . I have never heard such a stupid track ever . It 's total b ****** s . The album ` Once ' is just a bigger compilation of stupid tracks which only a **** head could get into . The opening guitar riff for starters has been done a dozen times before . What let Nightwish down are 3 main things . Their singer is awful , they ca n't write anything original and they are blatantly ripping off music from past metal bands . If you are looking for something original , avoid Nightwish .
 This album is 1 of the worst records of the decade . Ignore the ramblings by the ' 5 ' star reviewers . They do n't know what they are talking about cause they are stupid . I can some up Nightwish in 1 word - CRAP .
 Nightwish ca n't write , ca n't sing , sound pathetic and are total and utter crap .
 Heard it all before . Opera and Metal , yawn yawn yawn . You 'd think some of these reviewers had just been born ... . This album is crap . Luckily we needed a new frisbe , so thank you Nightwish .
 Superbly written ? More like superbly ripped off from elsewhere . This is n't a beautiful album at all but a horrible album to listen . Proms type outtakes with a heavy guitar riff and out of key vocals sounds crap in my mind . In fact Nightwish are one of the worst bands I 've ever heard . Kids will love em though , and from reading most of these reviews , I doubt there are many reviewers over 13 years old that are praising this band . Except of course the Finnish loyal .
 I do n't know what this reviewers is on , but to describe this album as the best thing going is very naive . Nightwish are probably one of the worst metal bands ever . Their music sucks , pure and simple . This album and infact all their albums are simply terrible . So ignore all these daft 5 star reviews and save some money . Nightwish suck ! suck ! suck !
 I heard Ghost Love Score first - and just like everyone else -- thought it was a really cool song . So i bought it -- and found it was the only real decent song on the album -- a couple others come close -- but overall its just blah - and boring sound effects ! SAVE YOUR MONEY
 I 've loved Nightwish from the moment I heard their Oceanborn album . The music was powerful , the lyrics varied between weird and brilliant , the melodies memorable and inspiring and the musicianship first class.You could feel the rumblings of the band losing their way on Century Child , which was n't a bad album thanks mainly to a few outstanding tracks amid the mediocre rest.On Once , the band has veered completely off the road and is stuck in a ditch . They employ a full orchestra , and for me this is the downfall of the album . Now trapped between metal/rock and philharmonic theatrics , Nightwish fails to do either genre justice , and manage only to churn out an album that can at best be described as orchestra driven progressive rock . When the orchestra kicks in it stops sounding like metal , and when they go the metal route it 's mostly in the form of hard but repetitive riffs with Emppu 's searing , melodic guitar solos sorely missing , replaced by violins , trombones and trumpets . Catchy melodies are almost non-existing and I found myself , for the first time since discovering the band , not listening a Nightwish album all the way through on first listen because , quite simply , I got bored with what I was hearing.The album opens with Dark Chest Of Wonders and Wish I Had An Angel , two hard songs which are n't bad but does n't come anywhere near the likes of Stargazers or Dead To The World from previous albums . This is followed by Nemo , just about the only fresh and decent melody on the entire album . Halfway through Emppu embarks on a superb guitar solo that lasts all of 6 or 7 seconds . Why waste a guitarist with the uncanny ability to churn out hauntingly beautiful solos like this ? Let the guy play.It 's here that the album seriously loses its way . Planet Hell sounds like a night at the theatre , so bombastically overbearing is the orchestra in its opening sequence . Creek Mary 's Blood is an ok ballad , but again the dominating orchestra reaches a level of near cheesiness when you remember that you 're listening to a supposed rock/metal band - there 's more trumpet and violin in this song than guitar . The song ends with someone talking in what I 'm guessing is an Indian language for about a minute and a half . Since you ca n't understand what he 's saying , this is just daft and tedious to sit through.The Siren , Dead Gardens and Romanticide are pretty generic Nightwish fare - none of them are bad songs , but in the same breath none of them can really compete with anything on Oceanborn . Ghost Love Score again has almost no electric guitar other than in the background on it , with the orchestra dominating almost the entire song.The last two songs , Kuolema Tekee Taiteilijan and Higher Than Hope , can both be classified as ballads , but neither grabbed my attention or gave me goosebumps like Sleeping Sun did when I heard it the first time on Oceanborn . They epitomize the spirit of this album - fair , but nothing special.In the end , Once is a thoroughly forgettable album from a band that seems to have lost the ability to craft a strong tune - their soaring melodies and Tarja 's inspired singing are what distinguished this band from the usual metal fare . On Once Tarja still sounds like an angel , but the flat melodies , over-the-top orchestra and repetitive metal riffs all serves to dull the emotional impact of her wonderful voice.Album highlight - Nemo , the only song that sounds like the Nightwish I 've come to know and love . Nightwish should drop the orchestra - it does n't add any power to their music , quite the opposite . Stick to the basics and allow Emppu to do something other than play simple 3 or 4 note metal riffs on his guitar . The guy 's too talented to waste like that.Once could have been a more than decent album . Unfortunately the band managed to thoroughly butcher it . Oceanborn and Wishmaster are still their best albums , and they 'll be wise to not veer too far from that formula . The band will do well to let Once stand as their failed experimental album , and get back to basics
 Nightfish stink . This album falls well behind expectations ! Avoid !
 When you thought Nightwish could n't get any worse , they release this pile of garbage . Symphonic crap , blasted out with stupid synthesiser effects , awful vocals and done all before guitaring.Once is a terrible album .
 Who are these people ? If this album was so good why is n't this band on the television ? This album sucks ! 3 people who I know that have heard this album agree . The people that are writing these reviews are just trying to sucker people into buying this record , which is an abuse of the Amazon review system . Before anybody considers buying this and parting with their hard earned cash , download a few MP3 's . Then you can decide . I personally think this is a biggest piece of ` metal garbage ' going .
 I have to agree with some of these lousy reviews . When people spend money they expect value . Nightwish deliver nothing . The trouble with Nightwish is that they use computerised sound effects of opera all the way through and it sounds flaming terrible . Get into some proper garage bands you morons !
 Imagine Omen with a Rock Riff behind that was done 20 years ago , and a vocalist that ca n't sing . Well that 's Nightwish .
 You can only listen to this piece of trash once . Then it 's straight in the trash can . Total and utter crap . The singing is dia , the songs are stupid and the backing music is unoriginal . Uninspiring , dull , painful and depressing . Do n't waste your money !
 Who 's writing all these 5 star reviews ??? I bought this album expecting something out of this world , but found it a pathetic album to listen to . Symphonic rock ? Symphonic bull more like ! Get a life you Muppets .
 Terrible singing , stupid melodies , stupid opera based keyboard overtures and one of the most ugliest , daftest looking bands I 've ever set eyes on in ages . If you 're into amateur metal then Nightwish will appeal to you , because all they are amateur . Finland is a useless country when it comes to musicianship . Same as YGM and his Rising Farce from Sweden . If you want to get into decent European metal go for Ramstein . Germany has provided the world with some awesome metal over the years , but Finland , forget it !
 What 's this guy on ? Why so many a ** licking reviews for Nightwish ? Is this a member of the family that ca n't sing , write etc etc ??? I have heard this album and it is crap . Perhaps I should have been stoned when I first heard it . Then I would be able to harp on about how ` good ' they are ????!!!! To anybody who is thinking of buying , 3 words - SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 What is this nonsense people are saying ? Every rock riff I have heard by this band has been done before . None of the songs are remotely original because they are all stolen medleys from opera based compositions . The singing is diabolical . Be realistic if this woman could sing properly she would be singing at the proms , but she ai n't that good so she sings in Nightwish . All Nightwish have done is attempt to come up with an idea which has been done by many bands before . Play me an original composition with an original melody then I just might change my mind on this , but I know from hearing this that Nightwish ca n't . Finland has never been able to come up with any original material before because they are 35 years behind the NWOBHM and American metal guitar movements . Sweden and Holland have come out with much better talent than this and that 's going back over 20 years . All I can say is that the only people who can get into this kind of music are very young people with limited music knowledge . As this is obviously Nightwish 's mainstream audience , anybody over 15 years old should avoid !
 I usually do n't write reviews ; I 'm more of a review reader . But this CD has really bugged the hell outta me . If you 've listened to the previous albums of Nightwish -LRB- Wishmaster , Century Child , Oceanborn , etc. -RRB- , their newest one sounds like CRAP . Their strong powerful guitars in many of their songs back then have now been diminished or drowned out by annoying synth effects . Also , the male vocals in this new album are REALLY REALLY ANNOYING . He sounds like a weasel that 's just been skewered . If you go listen to `` Century Child '' , the male vocals sound in there sound so much nicer and enjoyable . Another thing , WHY THE HECK did they add these Rammstien-esk beats in the second track ? It does not sound nice at all ; it takes the whole purpose of symphonic metal and chucks it a crowd of posers who give five stars to this piece of crap and call it a `` masterpiece '' . So do n't go buy this album ; go buy some Lacuna Coil , Edenbridge , previous Nightwish albums , or if you ca n't help it , some mainstream Evanescence . The only reason I give this album two stars is because the female vocal still retained her unique sound .
 From reading a lot of the reviews on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk I decided to buy this . But I can not see why this band is so popular . The opening track is as heavy as hell , but the Opera influence makes it confusing . It 's a shame that rock has gone to this level , were you are literally putting garage based riffs into classical music . The transition in my mind does n't work . Nightwish will appeal to people who are basically into opera with thrash metal , but musically it is n't worth 5 stars and I wish I had n't bought it . I read a previous review that mentioned Symphony X and as the reviewer pointed out , Symphony X were playing this kind of material long before Nightwish . The main difference between the 2 bands is that Symphony X are more technical and their guitarist is one of the best around . Nightwish 's guitarist is mediocre at best . I can not agree with some of the reviews on this record , but I notice that quite a few are from Europe anyway . Which I guess makes sense at Nightwish are a European Band .
 This is one of those if your a collector like me you just have to purchase it to make the collection complete . I 've been listening to Nightwish since Wishmater and fell in love with them . I have all their cd 's . This is probly the most annoying cd that I have of them . I have all their cd 's and most of their singles and I just ca n't listen to this thing except for a couple of songs . NEMO , I WISH I HAD AN ANGEL and PLANET HELL that 's it . It was and is a pleasure to see them come to the states , I have seen them 3 times , ATLANTA , CHICAGO AND MINNEAPOLIS . Great shows , great songs , but awful new album . Please , I beg you please , to go back to Century Media you released some great albums with them and when you reunite with them , you 'll release your greatest album -LRB- 's -RRB- ever . On your next CD , have a duet with Tarja and Marcus .
 1 review says that the first track is heavy as hell . Well Metallica of the 80 's were heavier than this . As for the songs ... Opera and rock only ever worked with Queen . I had high expectations but from hearing this album can only say this band Sucks big time !
 What a stupid band . All this sounds like to me is Laaa ! Laaaa ! laaaaa !!!!! Bang bang bang !!!!! Laa ! Laaa ! Laaaa ! , Thump thump thump !!!!! No decent guitar work , no dialogue , no substance , absolutely no direction and very very very ! Aggravating to listen to . Sucks big time if you want my opinion !!!!!
 What a naff album by a naff band ! Silly operative overtures with grunge guitar , bleedin awful vocals and stupid lyrics . I hate this band , they do nothing for me . In fact I 'm embarrased to play any of their music !!!
 This album is rather crappy . My main problem with the album is the severe shortage of guitar solos . Secondly , Tuomas 's writing has apparently gone to crap -LRB- Wish I Had An Angel is the WORST song I 've ever heard -RRB- . Thirdly , Marco 's vocals suck and have gotten worse since Century Child . Other than having an annoying voice , he ca n't seem to sing in key . I did n't think anything could suck as much as his vocals on Phantom Of The Opera from Century Child , but his vocals on Wish I Had An Angel manage to take the cake . The bottom line is that Wishmaster was a masterpiece , and this band has gone downhill ever since that album . Century Child was still ok , but Once is utter crap .
 This is the crappiest album I have heard this year . What beutiful vocals I ask ? What beutiful ballads ? Yer right . I give this a thumbs down . The review system is being totally abused , as I belive a lot of these ' 5 ' reviews are coming from the same people . Nightwish are the worst Metal band thats come out in over decade . Period .
 Once again I 've been suckered in by copious five star reviews . I 'm always on the lookout for heavy metal I can stand . I should know when I read that something is a `` blend of heavy metal and classical '' that it 's going to be a travesty in both areas . It always is , but I keep pretending I 'll find something actually progressive.This is not it . This is , as another reviewer aptly put it , embarrassing to listen to . If any of my friends heard this and knew that I paid money for it , they would disown me.I 'll admit , I 've not heard any of Nightwish 's other albums , but it seems impossible that a group of `` musicians '' capable of producing something this terrible could ever do something I 'd like.This is pedantic pop music tarted up with dull guitar playing and uninspired orchestration . If I was forced to say something positive , it would be that their lyrics are n't the absolute worst I 've heard on a heavy metal album -LRB- but they are horrible -- do n't get me wrong -RRB- . Now , can somebody please tell me if there IS any progressive metal out there ? And I mean progressive as in forward-looking , not progressive as in Rush or Yes -LRB- both decent bands , but that day is gone -RRB- . So far the only heavy band I 've found that I can honestly call progressive is Dillinger Escape Plan -- and they 're not really metal IMHO -LRB- more like prog-thrash -RRB- . So what gives ? Is new metal just another cookie cutter genre like Top 40 pop ? Is there no one who has the guts to try something new AND heavy ? I despair ...
 I do n't know what the reviewers are carrying on about here . It 's Evanescence-type dreck with an orchestra . Silly people creating really silly music .
 this album is so bad it makes me want to kick my mum in the face . i hate it . nightwish are the worst band ever . i do n't really understand what the other guy was thinking , this is bad plus eight . all the members love gladiator and the lead singer 's favourite actor is russel crowe . every song is bad times eight . i hate it .
 First track , bum , bum , bum . bum , yip ! yip ! yip ! . How can anybody say this band is fantastic ? They are total and utter crap !!!!! I can only describe this as -LSB- ... -RSB- nerd music for lonely teens . Buy this at your peril !!!!!
 I am dissappointed with this album . It sounds the same as their previous releases and the whole charade of symphonic metal is getting tedious and boring .
 Being a fan of hard rock bands with female singers -LRB- Within Temptation , Lacuna Coil , The Gathering , and yes , even the dreaded Evanescence -RRB- , more people than I can count have told me to check out Nightwish , with `` Once '' being the album most recommended . So I did ... and came away from the experience unimpressed . Tarja Turunen does have an absolutely beautiful voice and the band rocks extremely hard , but the juxtaposition of the two sounds like Renee Fleming geting lost on the way to the Met and ending up in the studio with Iron Maiden . It just does n't mesh . Tarja is now out of the band so perhaps the band will get -LRB- or has gotten -RRB- a singer that 's not so technically perfect . I can see where the music would have appeal , but it 's just not for me . Your mileage , of course , may vary .
 I should first establish myself as a great fan of Nightwish ; I found their first three albums moving , melodic and artistic . Tuomas is truly a poet , Tarja , an angel with voice to match ; Emppu , Sami and Jukka created a fascinating blend of sound meeting opera and classical as I 'd never quite heard before . And now , all I hear is rehashed , synthesized crap . It seems that Nightwish has certainly kept up with the times -- in falling into the mainstream mangling of sound in order to enthrall a childish audience that gleans nothing from their more mature pieces . I am fond of a few songs on this album , but I can honestly say that not a single one can compare with Angels Fall First or Oceanborn , the former being perhaps their finest release to date . You ca n't kill a classic . I know that the band experienced a great deal of change before collaborating on Once , but I never expected that it would yield results as catastrophic as this . Tarja is now enjoying great success in her musical career , I know the others are working are multiple projects themselves -- and if this is the quality of production Nightwish intends to make tradition of , then I think the band is finished , and better that it is , because this simply is not music with the symphonic beauty and integrity preserved in their previous works . Oh , and , what the hell happened to the flute ? I miss Esa Letinen : -LRB- If you are a Nightwish die-hard , and if you can truly communicate with their previous releases -LRB- with the exception of Century Child , which I found absolutely atrocious -RRB- as such music was intended to speak to the listener , I would not suggest disappointing yourself by buying this album . Then again , while it falls agonizingly short of the mark Nightwish had consistently set for itself prior to the release of Century Child , curiosity just might compel you to purchase it . I have to admit that I listen to the album from time to time -- but I tend to skip between two tracks alone , which are not by any means soul-shaking ; just a bit catchy , and lacking the grating sound so many of the songs on this album tend to have.Meh . All bands experience a kind of evolution , oftentimes for the worse . Consider Metallica , gone terribly awry , and unable to compete with its better days . Well . Go buy Angels Fall First or something .
 This has got to go down as one of the worst albums of 2004 . 17 used already up for sale says it all .
 I agree with the privious review . This album Sucks . Why do n't you bozos do a web search on symphonic rock ?
 This album is weary . The songs just sound daft . To use opera as a basis of rock , shows that Nightwish can not write anything original . The singing is terrible , I know that because I have a degree in music . Overall , save your money .
 I can not agree with any of these reviews . This album is stupid . There has never been much talent from Finland over the years apart from perhap Stratovariuos . But this band ai n't as good .
 I was interested from many of the reviews to find out what all the hype is about . After subsequenty listening to half this album I can only say one thing ` it 's all been done before ' . I can say this with confidence because I have been listening to neo-classical shred and Opera Rock since the 70 's . There is no genre , as the genre has passed . The only original thing about this music is that the band hail from Finland . Though there have been many bands over the past 20 years that have attempted to release metal based music like this , a heavy rock riff -LRB- usually always tuned down a couple of steps -RRB- followed by keyboards playing symphony , with a high pitched singer , -LRB- This is n't a very good singer anyway -RRB- . If you have never heard music like this before and enjoy it then thats cool . But if you have a wider experience of metal/rock then I would avoid as you would probably agree with me that the composition of the tracks have been ripped off from other bands in the past . So to some up , unoriginal .
 I am dumbfounded by the comment `` lyrics are often left to the interpretation of the listener so if you do n't get , make up something . '' Is this why Metalicca has been so successful over the past 25 years ? Lyrics need to have a meaning that makes a song . If you are only going for Nightwish because of their rythms then I am sorry to dissappoint you but their music is NOT original . It the same old story , a band releases a song over decade before and then a new band steals it and then re-sells it to the next generation that 's none the wiser .
 1 . Dark Chest Of Blunders2 . Wish I Had Earplugs3 . Numbo on my ears4 . Planet Awful5 . Creek = crap6 . Sirens sound better than this7 . Dead Gardens , dead tones , bleeding awful8 . Suicidal music , wish I was deaf9 . Ghost Love Music Score10 . Stupid name for a stupid song11 . Higher Than Hope this is their last album
 I only wish I had read all the reviews before buying this because I hate it . This band should be re-named ` Nighmare ' .
 If you like pop music then you will like where they went with this album . I hate to say I hate the album it makes me sad.Their levels all wrong . Turning the keyboards down was horrible . Then turning the guitars up and simplifying them . While they were at it they also made the drums dissapear . I dislike Marcos vocals . I hope they go back the direction they came from before this album.It seems like some big producer walked up to the band made them mainstream their amazing music . I hope this isnt the end of the old nightwish .
 Some of the reviews on this record are strange because this album is no way a 5 star album . In saying that it is n't a 1 star either . 2 Stars is the best I can give this . There have been a few reviews saying that nightwish are unoriginal and I agree with these reviews . It is impossible to put out much music nowadays without it being associated with something thats been done before . Nightwish are no exception . There music was done 20 years ago . Some reviews have attacked the singer . This is n't the best I 've heard , but not the worst either , so again 2 stars . If you are into neo-classical opera type rock then you will probably like this . But no way is this as gooda album as some people are making out here , and to be frank I found a few tracks on this album annoying to listen to . Infact some of the tracks with their symphonic overtures , sounded plainly stupid .
 Wow - wierd - Look at the review below - I feel the same way . One or Two good Songs-thats it . Her voice gets annoying after a while - almost to the point where you 'd like to hear someone beat her to a bloody pulp in the middle of a song - just for the listeners amusement .
 The musicianship is different , but I just can not get into this at all . Sometimes these bands can just go to far with the Opera influence and the music starts to sound fascicle . I prefer listening to classic garage rock like ` the Darkness ' .
 I 'd like to do a proper review of Nightwish as well . Lets go back to the seventies when rock/opera and classical music met , Ritchie Blackmore , the late Randy Rhoads and chart toppers Queen especially incorporated classical and opera into their music . During the 80 's Neo-classical metal thrived with Yngwie J Malmsteen , Calchony and countless other Metal Bands that played their guitars in Minor Keys , incorporating Bach , Paganni and Opera into their Metal Music . In the Nineties , bands like Dream Theatre , Symphony X and numerous other neo-classical based musicians from Shrapnel records appeared . Even well established bands like Metallica took to mixing their music with orchestral arrangements . To anybody who has n't lived through all this , then Nightwish would seem to be a good band . To anybody that has then they would notice straight away that Nightwish are using countless pieces of musical ideas taken from the past . I honestly think the difference between the reviewers is simple . One set are young and the other set are old . Nightwish sound like a goodish band , their music is tight and is a change from the nu-metal crap that 's out there , so that 's a thumbs up from me in that respect . But , whenever I have listened to any tracks of theirs , I know in the back of my mind that I have heard a band do something similar before , and when this is in the back of your mind it 's impossible to get into them . It may be fresh in Finland , but it sure as is n't fresh in the West .
 The production of this is good but the contents lacks anything new . Some of the tracks sound absolutely awful . I am surprised this album has so many good reviews . It does nothing for me .
 I too am disappointed with this record . I liked the first listen , but then I quickly started skipping tracks and now I do n't play it at all because it 's boring . There 's too much overlapping in it , one minutes it 's metal , next minute it 's poppy .
 Why so many reviews ? a rave review seems to be followed by a crap one over and over again . Everyone to their own , but there is definately some massive differences of opinion on this album . To some it is simply fantastic or trash . I 'll go down the middle , It is n't as good as some people are making out .
 Sir Colin Davis is no Bruckner conductor . Not even close . Why he thought he could handle the unfinished 9th symphony is beyond me . His conducting , which I like but certainly not here , is not forceful or powerful enough . Davis ' detail oriented approach does not work with Bruckner 's music . Why did Davis think he could perform Bruckner ? What possessed him to do such a thing ? Money ? Politics ? Trying to please somebody ? I do n't know , but his tempos and building of climaxes are awful and so out-of-tune with the music . The LSO also play terrible here -LRB- must have caught them on an off-night -RRB- and clearly ca n't handle the sheer brute force it takes to pull off this symphony.Davis should be commended for treading into unknown territory -LRB- for him -RRB- , but many times it does n't work , and this recording is further proof of this notion . He 's simply no match for Wand , Chailly , Karajan , or even Barenboim -LRB- who is n't that great of a conductor -RRB- .
 I waited to write this until I heard the 6th by Sir Colin and the LSO . Some suggested it was the Barbican accoutics . Well , if the 6th is any indicator , the problem is not the Barbican.Simply , this recording should be avoided at all costs . It is not a matter of interpretation but sound . It is dreadful . For a live recording , there is no life to it at all . It sounded like the orchestra was under a pillow.I do not know who the engineers were , but they should turn in their union cards .
 Sorry for such harsh remarks . I do not wish anyone to go to hell , but sheer anger I have for this daily recordist.Here is why
 Not a great recording ... Sometimes the orchestra rushes in an uncontrolled tempo and the dynamics is painful . There 's too many passages without any sensitivity . I 've also had a hard time listening to instruments who do not balance out . For my part I 've given up trying to make sense . Sure you can listen to it but at many points I get deeply disturbed . Sorry to say but this box goes to the litter box . I would recommend Carlo Maria Giulinis Bruckner recordings . That music rocks from an organic concept .
 Umm , listening with your guts is n't exactly a good way to listen to music , in spite of what an earlier reviewer asserts.In contrast with my earlier , one star review , i had to add one more star . The piece as a whole still warrants the one star , I feel , but the chorale finale , helps this piece out - enough to raise the rating . This finale is proof that McCartney does have some very good ideas to share with the world in a classical context . My hope is whatever inspired him to write that finale will inspire him to write his next piece.There is hope for him - he may rise to being an excellent composer . We 'll have to wait and see .
 I disagree that we are somehow under obligation either to review this favorably or not review it at all . I disagree that we are obliged to buy it on faith . As it happens I HAVE given it a chance ; I have listened to it . -LRB- Note that I am not on a first-name basis with its co-author ; I have n't met him . -RRB- I recommend that you do not suffer as I have . I recommend that you do not buy it . I recommend that you do not listen to it
 I disagree that we are somehow under obligation either to review this favorably or not review it at all . I disagree that we are obliged to buy it on faith . As it happens I HAVE given it a chance ; I have listened to it . -LRB- Note that I am not on a first-name basis with its co-author ; I have n't met him . -RRB- I recommend that you do not suffer as I have . I recommend that you do not buy it . I recommend that you do not listen to it
 McCartney works best in short form ... some of his best songs like Admiral Halsey or Band on the Run are the skilled fusion of 2 or more melodies ... McCartney and Lennon did this in a A Day in A Life ... which is their magnum opus ... however , Standing Stone just does n't go anywhere until the finale ... it may have made a good film score , but as a classical piece , it does n't go anywhere ... there are some neat melodic shifts here and there , and I give it 2 stars for the lilting finale ... it is definitely a step ahead of the absolutley tedious Oratorio ... I think that his next classical project , composed of several shorter works will prove to be the most listenable as they are not long ambitious works ... we 'll see ...
 Why was this recorded and released -LRB- while many much worthier pieces are not -RRB- ? Presumably because Paul McCartney 's name is on it . Why was it -LRB- heavily -RRB- publicized ? Presumably because Paul McCartney 's name is on it . Why is it getting -LRB- some -RRB- favorable reviews ? Presumably because Paul McCartney 's name is on it . What did I expect ? Well , I hoped at least for a catchy tune or two . No such luck . Nothing here I 'd call a melody or tune , catchy or not . -LRB- This is a piece with a program , by the way -- a program based on an ostensible epic poem in free verse . In other words , it does not rhyme and is not metered , but it omits articles , prepositions , and verbs to show it is nevertheless `` poetry '' . It can be summarized thus
 Musicians generally understand a symphony to be an orchestral work , the first movement of which is in sonata form . By this -- standard -- definition , `` Standing Stone '' is NOT one , nor , so far as I can see , does it claim to be . So what IS `` Standing Stone '' ? Symphonies commonly have four movements , as `` Standing Stone '' purports to . Each of `` Standing Stone '' 's , however , subdivides into smaller autonomous units which do not share musical material . We have really , then , nineteen separate movements strung in a series , most of which , though fairly amorphous , we might loosely characterize as `` song form '' movements . Most orchestral song form movements do not involve the use of voices , but since these do , and since these voices presumably constitute a sort of crutch , we can go further and call `` Standing Stone '' a collection of nineteen songs without words -- just not a particularly good collection of songs without words . -LRB- Toward the beginning , by the way , Richard Strauss 's `` Also Sprach Zarathustra '' -- theme from `` 2001
 Someone has compared Paul McCartney to George Gershwin . In defense of Gershwin I should like to point out that Gershwin was a -LRB- relatively -RRB- trained musician who could read and write music and an accomplished pianist who performed himself premieres of important concert works , that his concert music did n't require the services of transcribers , co-composers , arrangers , or , with one exception , orchestrators . -LRB- The one exception is `` Rhapsody in Blue '' , orchestrated by Ferde Grofe because Gershwin was working to a crushing deadline . -RRB- Even so , Gershwin 's concert music would probably have been forgotten long ago if it had n't sought to combine , in a timely manner , elements of classical music with elements of jazz , ragtime , and blues . `` Standing Stone '' , on the other hand , does not analogously seek to combine elements of classical music with elements of rock and roll , and if it did , it would be several decades late of novel anyway.Someone else calls Mr. McCartney is `` one of the -LSB- twentieth -RSB- century 's best songwriters '' , but the critical consensus , as well as my own opinion and that of every one I know , is that , as a body , his post-Beatles pop music is decidely poor . As for his Beatles pop music , `` Newsweek '' once called BURT BACHARACH the George Gershwin of the sixties and this assessment , echoed by many others , is , I think , right on the mark .
 No one can deny that Sir Paul McCartney is one of the greatest songwriters of the century . But how can this man , who wrote so many brilliant songs in the 60 's , compose such crappy classical music ? Harmonically and melodically the music is n't very interesting , it is n't new , original or totally different than much other music -LRB- his tonal idiom reminded me a bit of what Carl Orff and Debussy did several decades earlier -RRB- . Even though one might be the best pop songwriter in the world , without the vision , thoughts and experience of a classical symphonist , one can never write a masterly large-scale symphonic poem
 You want a good tone-poem , buy a recording of Smetana 's `` Ma Vlast '' - Zubin Mehta and the Israel Philharmonic do a great job on this piece . But this piece is really quite ... well , lame . The whole piece -LRB- with the possible exception of the choral finale -RRB- , sounds as though it is trying to line up with a bad version of `` Braveheart . '' McCartney , although an amazingly good performer and one of the century 's best songwriters , simply can not hold his own in the Classical field . As Stravinsky once put it , classical music `` is a different fraternity . '' And it is one in which McCartney does not cut it . If you like cliched movie music , then by all means buy this album , and you will like it . But I just do not feel that this piece has any meat that listeners can sink their teeth into .
 We all know that Macca went through a stage when he preferred one legged objects , and this clearly illustrates that weakness . Strip away the classical music prosthetics from this teetering stone , and this is just horribly trite music . The scariest aspect perhaps is that this is what classical music sounds like to Macca -- no substance with a choir singing backup .
 The liner notes to Standing Stone '' quote Paul McCartney in an hilarious `` This is Spinal Tap '' vein
 Yes , yes ... I am a big Sarah fan and own at least 90 % of her albums . This one , however , is probably the most useless of all of them . There are only two good songs on here :1 -RRB- `` Time to Say Goodbye ''
 I liked this CD for a little while when I did n't know of any singers that could sing better than her . She sounds okay on songs that are written for her because they make her voice sound less breathy and thin . Her voice is `` sweet '' but very thin . I have heard singers who have pretty voices that are n't so dramatic and full of vibrato as some of the other reviewers complain of opera singers.Rebecca LukerDawn Upshaw -LRB- And she 's a true opera singer -RRB- Hayley WestenraAnd if you think this is real classical singing or even anywhere close to classical singing listen to any decent Soprano over 16 who is classically trained and you will be amazed and how much better they are than her .
 ... it 's time to say `` Goodnight , '' Sarah
 I know virtually nothing about Sarah Brightman and have only heard one track on this record . That listening has left me so apopletic , however , that I am moved to submit this rant . Why-oh-why did Brightman feel the need to cover Naturaleza Muerta by Spanish pop genuises Mecano . Singing over a nearly identical arrangment to the original , she attempts to give the song an identical reading . Since she 's not apparantly fluent in Spanish , her ham-handed -LRB- tongued ? -RRB- pronunciation wreaks havoc with this fragily beautiful melody . For heaven 's sakes , if you 're going to cover something , and you are n't constrained by the requirements of pleasing a Vegas lounge audience , do something with it -- interpret it .
 Brightman is not a legitimate opera singer . Her voice is tiny , thin , and breathy . If she were to sing in any opera house , she would be inaudible . Listen to real operatic sopranos like Sutherland , Nilsson , Caball&eacute; , Sills , Price , Fleming , or even Callas .
 Although I am a fan of Sarah 's and of classical music in general , I was very disappointed with this CD . She sounds lovely , but it 's boring ! There are a few nice tracks , but for the most part it just does n't hold my attention . The modern songs on the CD also are n't very good ! She should stick to the dramatic songs , it 's what she 's best suited for .
 I have decidedly mixed feelings about this CD . On one hand , it brought talented and lovely Sarah Brightman HUGE success . On the other , it forever cemented her name to a type of campy , faux-opera music mostly associated with Andrea Bocelli and Charlotte Church . This after three incredible pop CDs that went largely unnoticed in the US . How sad.Where does `` Time To Say Goodbye '' go astray ? Well , for one ... it 's wildly uneven , including a mix of styles that do n't exactly work together . Classical , pop-opera , Spanish pop ... it 's all here.Perhaps Miss Brightman would have been better off doing a straight classical release ... despite what her detractors say , Sarah 's delicate voice gives a special touch to the classical pieces she chooses here.Not so good is a cheesy duet with the overbearing Andrea Bocelli , he of the fanatical cult following . `` Con Te Partiro '' has to be the most annoying drivel since `` You Light Up My Life '' and `` Endless Love '' . I 'm sorry , this is not classical , it 's easy listening.Jose Cura 's songs are better , but still jarring when placed alongside lovely ballads like `` Who Wants To Live Forever '' . Someone tell these guys to chill ... it 's not about shattering champagne glasses evey time.Rounding out the CD are three beautiful Spanish-language tunes , that give a hint of what direction she should have gone . So , yes , there are good songs on this CD , but overall I must say this CD did as much to tarnish Sarah 's reputation as it did in bringing her fame.Thankfully , her latest release , `` La Luna '' is an understated , moody masterpiece that baffled `` Time To Say Goodbye '' fans , but pleased her true admirers ... also recruiting new listeners to boot ! This is the real Sarah ... sophisticated , mysterious and beautiful .
 I notice that a lot of the fans are arguing that her voice sounds ` refreshing ' after listening to the ` screeching ' of large-waisted divas with wrinkles under their eyes . And you know what , I 'm inclined to agree with them , that it would make for a cool recording to hear a bunch of operatic pieces sung without the real operatic voice ... if only someone could really pull it off . And SB does n't quite cut it . I 'm not a classical snob -LRB- gawd , I hope I 'm not ! -RRB- . I probably do n't know as much about opera as I should . :o-RRB- Believe me , I tried to like this CD . She does have a very pretty voice -LRB- better than Charlotte Church 's -RRB- and who knows , one of these days she may well be able to pull off singing these pieces with the kind of depth that I wan na hear on these songs . But for now , unfortunately , she does n't do it for me . SB does n't seem to be searching for what the composers wanted the pieces to convey , or what she wants to say through them . She just sings , and ` just singing ' without any sort of conviction or color is like really pretty accoustic wallpaper , as opposed to a real work of art . I remain optimistic that she will come ` round eventually , but until I hear that her artistry has caught up with her voice , I 'll be a little reluctant to shell out a few bucks for her other CD 's .
 Firstly I would like to say that I am not a purist . I enjoy good classical crossover artists . The key word here being `` good '' . Ms. Brightman sings every single song with an incredibly thin , almost unemotional voice . There is no warmth in her voice that invites and welcomes you into her world , her interpertations of the songs . Rather , you are left sitting out in the cold wondering how she got signed in the first place.This CD was not , nor for that matter is any of Ms. Brightman 's singing , a satisfying experience , and I suggest that if you are considering her music that you listen to a fair amount of it before purchasing to make sure that you will be able to stand her piccolo pipes often enough to warrant buying it .
 Do you like boring interpretations of boring songs ? Do you find yourself loving music that makes you sleepy ? Like Charlotte Church ? Do you want to say you `` like opera '' , but not want to listen to an actual opera ? This awful CD should do the trick . If you like it , that 's great . Then take it one step further and go to the opera ! Buy a CD by an actual opera singer ! Popera is not opera . Popera is just muzak that deludes you into thinking it 's classical music . This is no more opera than Kenny G is jazz .
 The only reason to give 2 stars to this CD is the track 1 , and Andrea Bocceli . Yeah , I just love that song ... Unfortunatelly , Sarah does have nice voice , but it is not even CLOSE to what `` real classical voice '' is about . Just listen to track 1 , and wonder how Andrea manages to dominate with almost no effort , while Sarah is screaming around trying to be ` heard ' . She simply does n't have the ` power ' . And singer that needs reverb ... that 's not a singer . People , listen to some REAL classical music before saying how this CD is `` great '' . Especially `` Who Wants To Live Forever '' is pathetic . I still prefer the ` original ' version . This all reminds me of Clayderman and people saying how great he is - jesus , it is entertainment , not the MUSIC . Shortly
 There are two words which sum up Sara Brightman
 I have one word for you OPERA , OPERA , OPERA ! She consistantly sounds far away like someone trapped in a bottle in the bathroom down the hall . Opera afficionados do n't like this album because it 's too POP , but let me tell you , if you like POP and hate most all Opera , like me , this IS Opera with a capital O. I discovered Sarah Brightman when I heard songs from her DIVE album played on Canadian airwaves . If you like POP or New Age like Enya , DIVE is the best Sarah Brightman album I 've heard .
 Sarah Brightman seems to be a matter of preference . Truly talented , trained singers quabble over Brightman 's voice and technique.Personally , I think she 's okay . I hated her on the OCR of the Phantom of the Opera , but she has a pretty -LRB- if forgettable -RRB- voice on other songs she 's sung.What bothers me most about this CD is that whether or not Brightman has a pretty or `` good '' voice , she is definitely NOT an opera singer . She is attempting to tackle songs that are totally not fit for her voice , thus making her sound weak , thin , and breathy . Her La Wally was pretty horrible .
 I enjoy Sarah just as much as anyone else , but I do n't get why this album is considered her BIG album . All the songs on here are EXTREMELY slow-paced , and the only one noteworthy is the live bonus track performance of `` O Mio Babbino Caro '' , but you can get that with `` Classics . '' `` Harem '' , `` La Luna '' , `` Dive '' , and `` Eden '' were MUCH better .
 Since my original review , I have had to come back and revise it as I must humbly state that Sarah appears to be an acquired taste of sorts ; meaning , my initial impression of her album was , well , shall we say , less than positive -LRB- see below -RRB- . However , I soon found myself playing her CD over and over again , and have come to appreciate and actually enjoy this album . Hate to admit it but I just ordered 2 more of her CDs ! ok . . ok . I was wrong . Lastly , I dont see where I can change the ititial rating so . . sorry Sarah!Below is my initial impression which you can now , however , disregard :--RRB- `` Loved her when paired with Andrea Bocelli , and the two sing , `` Time to Say Goodbye , '' and find Miss Brightman 's voice quite lovely ... when she sticks with what she does best -LRB- classical -RRB- , but this CD , and her `` Harem '' CD which I also recently purchased . . pales in comparison . It is nice . . OK . . but as for me , this will be my last Brightman CD as long as she continues to try to cross over to new age . As I said in my other review of `` Harem , '' in this style of music , she comes off sounding like Olivia Newton John . ''
 Sarah Brightman had better thank her lucky stars for `` Phantom of the Opera , '' because if she had never come across that star-making vehicle , the world would probably have never heard her small , barely serviceable voice.For those of you who think Ms. Brightman is an opera singer , you are sorely mistaken . Any of the current top female opera singers , such as Renee Fleming , Angela Gheorghiu , etc. would blow Ms. Brightman off the stage with one note . Ms. Brightman is a singer with a tiny voice who wants everyone to believe her voice is powerful enough to accomodate such arias as `` La Wally '' and `` O Mio Babbino Caro . '' But it is not . She muddles through them valiantly , but she never reaches the empyrean heights that those songs , done well , can attain.It should be noted , however , that her renditions of music of the pop or showtune variety is not bad at all . She , thankfully , has a studio producer to help amplify her voice and less challenging music in songs like `` Time to Say Goodbye , '' a song where she is , incidentally , joined by her male counterpart in the Pop-Opera world , Andrea Bocelli.Ms . Brightman 's music is sort of like spun sugar -- one can consume copious amounts of it without ever feeling nourished or satisfied . And the feeling of nausea that almost always follows the overconsumption of sweets is really quite similar to the stomach-turning sensation one gets after listening to Ms. Brightman for too long . Think of it as a guilty pleasure . Do n't let it be your only form of musical sustenance .
 I think Sarah Brightman is great for opening the eyes of people who do n't like classical vocal music , but after you hear anyone else , you think ... Wow , that was sooooo much better than Sarah Brightman . She has a very limited voice . Her registers are uneven and she seems unable to bring out expression in music . Why she chose to sing Alleluia is beyond me , because that song really , really shows her weaknesses . And she is not a coloratura !! For all those Sarah Brightman admirers , I beg you to try somebody that 's really talented , such as Maria Callas or any of the artists other disenchanted reviewers mentioned . I guarantee you will find that they are ever so much better , and for future reviewers of this cd , just listen to something else before you say that Sarah Brightman is the angel of music .
 It saddens me that Ms. Brightman feels that the classical domain is something that she can interpret . When I first listened to this C.D. it sounded like someone doing a comedy sketch of an opera singer although dressed up in what the record company clearly feels it can ` flog ' to the Bocceli marketplace . This voice is n't ` clear ' it 's thin , small and manufactured . Her redition of the Mozart ` Alleluja ' is shocking - listen to Cecilia Bartoli and you will here what it is really about . For those looking for a TRUE crystal clear vocalist , turn to Dawn Upshaw or Sylvia McNair and listen to true beauty , and not what a record company and sound desk dress up as art . If I could send it back I would - she should stick to Lloyd Webber .
 My God who are you comparing her to if she is `` oh so great '' ... hm . . let me think ... Shania Twain ? Indeed , she does have a bit more voice than Shania , maybe even Celine ... but c'mon people . . listen to some REAL music before you go ahead and rate this garbage as an `` Opera CD '' ... this could n't be more PSEUDO than it is ! Comparing her to Callas is like comparing some average band keyboardist to Vladimir Horowitz . . how dare you ? The industry shows it down your throat and u all go buy it ... Yeah , it really is a great accompaniment to some `` bubble-bath-victoria secret '' mood ... just be careful and make sure that there are n't any serious musicians around listening to you bragg your ignorant praises for `` angelic '' pseudo diva . There is a very VERY thick line that divides the ART and entertainment ... i think it 's time to say good bye to the ignorance , ca n't we finally agree ?
 If you are an opera snob , you might find the CD is a bit kitschy and some of her ` stylizing ' a bit grating .
 I just finished playing my newly arrived CD of `` Time to Say Goodbye '' . I really am disappointed at the quality of the background . Many of the songs seem to have been recorded in an oil barrel or from outer space ... far outer space ! The lovely , clear sound of her voice is often lost . I love listening to her so I would probably recommend this CD but only after advising people that it 's not up to the quality of other recordings I have heard of her music .
 I think I finally know what bothers me about Sarah Brightman , and this album . Although her voice is pure and sweet , it reminds me of my indoctrination into the world of wine ... . When I first tasted a white zinfandel , I found the flavor pure and sweet . But as my tastes became more complicated , I found it to be ... . goopy and sweet . Hmmmm . Sounds like a vocalist I know of .
 As a classical singer , I 'm depressed to see Sarah Brightman listed in Classical Vocal at all . The world is full of excellent , clear-voiced sopranos ; Sarah Brightman , like Andreas B , is a POP music singer . Broadway is a different industry with different priorities , and kudos to her for her excellent work there ... but this is * not * classical music.The sound on this CD seems to underline the fact that Brightman 's voice is not really made for classical repertoire like Orff and Puccini -- I can * hear * the reverb and post-production added to `` In trutina '' and several other tracks . Bravo for Brightman introducing classical works to a new audience ; I just wish people would stop categorizing her CDs as classical just because she sings `` O mio babbino caro . `` I 'm not deriding Brightman 's accomplishments ; she 's a fine artist in her field . I would n't buy Eddie Vedder 's Mozart Requiem , though , if HE decided to put one out.If you want to hear someone sing the soprano solos in Carmina Burana , the Slatkin / Saint Louis Symphony recording with Sylvia McNair is phenomenal . There are so many well-trained and beautiful instruments out there ; Sarah Brightman had a successful career on Broadway , and has a different flavor of talent .
 Please people listen to some real music by REAL classical performers who have the right to perform masterpieces by prolific composers such as the likes of Mozart and Puccini before you defend your point in which you claim Sara Brightman is a great singer . As If ! She has no volume , no power and absolutely no sense of musical expression whatsoever . Some ignorant fools actually think this is do to mixing . Uh . . no ! I saw her on PBS and really wanted to enjoy her but she was still terrible -- I had to turn it off ! She had no sense of animation and the orchestra STILL drowned her out . There is one word to describe her : WEAK ! I BEG YOU TO LISTEN TO SOMEONE TRULY GOOD -- SUCH AS THE LIKES OF RENEE FLEMING , ANGELA GHEORGHIU , RUTH ANN SWENSON AND MANY , MANY OTHERS . Then you will see how bland and utterly overated Brightman really is ! PLEASE do this for yourself !
 It 's a gimmicky album more than anything else . The voice of Sarah Brightman is so small in size and so limited in expressive range that these are n't at all enjoyable performances . In the more classical style songs , she 's just not up to standard . Despite the popularity of this album , this can not be recommended from a musical perspective .
 Please do n't buy this CD . Instead , buy something by Renee Fleming , Beverly Sills , or , if you like darker voices , Maria Callas . The ` light opera ' craze is ok , except the fact that people are looking over truly great talent in favor of badly sung `` classical type '' songs and `` light , angelic voices '' that are small and tight . Just listen to a sound clip of Renee Fleming and you will see what Sarah Brightman is missing . She is missing warmth , emotion , agility , vocal color , and , if you watched her on PBS or videocassette , animation . She truly mangles classics . Just listen to Mozart 's Alleluia compaired to anyone else 's recording of the same song and you will see how bad of a singer she really is .
 My God who are you comparing her to if she is `` oh so great '' ... hm . . let me think ... Shania Twain ? Indeed , she does have a bit more voice than Shania , maybe even Celine ... but c'mon people . . listen to some REAL music before you go ahead and rate this garbage as an `` Opera CD '' ... this could n't be more PSEUDO than it is ! Comparing her to Callas is like comparing some average band keyboardist to Vladimir Horowitz . . how dare you ? The industry shows it down your throat and u all go buy it ... Yeah , it really is a great accompaniment to some `` bubble-bath-victoria secret '' mood ... just be careful and make sure that there are n't any serious musicians around listening to you bragg your ignorant praises for `` angelic '' pseudo diva . There is a very VERY thick line that divides the ART and entertainment ... i think it 's time to say good bye to the ignorance , ca n't we finally agree ?
 Puke . This CD is just another awful example of the `` Opera Lite '' craze . I thought Phantom was bad , but this is worse . Programming that makes no sense , that austere , white sound , boring muzak interpretations . And Bocelli 's not helping anything . I will exempt Jose Cura 's performance from my wrath , but the whole thing is not worth using as a coaster ; you 'd be better off buying a CD by one of the many talented opera singers on the market . Just my two cents .
 This terribly dreadful story invloving the kidnapping of children and using hair to make lace is totally out of tune with the previous Madeline videos . Whatever positive message the writers intended just gets obliterated in the dark aspects of the story . I viewed it with my 4yr old who was physically shivering -LRB- yes ! -RRB- at various points of the show . When it got too much , she told me to turn it off , something she 's never done when it comes to Madeline . I watched it to the end and found it confusing that Madeline is presented here as an orphan . An earlier video , Madeline 's Christmas , clearly shows her papa & mama . Overall , a dismal effort in the research , writing and presentation of a Madeline story . Very disappointing .
 This is a disastrous episode in the Madeline chronicles . I gave this video one star only because the posting screen will not allow me to rate it zero or negative stars ! The film tells the story of the orphan Madeline being kidnapped into slavery by an evil gang of lace makers . The terrifying story line left my three-year-old twin daughters blubbering in fear ! Blatantly contradicts all previous storylines by orphaning Madeline . Definitely not suitable for my children , yours should approach with extreme caution .
 We LOVE Madeline & from the looks of the cover & the description , this looked like a very sweet movie to share with my 3-yr old as a special treat . Little did we know where this movie was headed . Madeline gets lured away from Miss Clavel 's boarding school by a group that preys on orphans . After a teary goodbye from her friends & the promise of a charmed life ahead , she gets forcefully separated from her dog Geneveve in the subway station & then taken to a scary neighborhood & then down into a basement sweatshop full of scared , pale children making lace . The room is a dark , terrifying dungeon & the woman who runs it is mean . She wields these huge scissors & threatens to chop off Madeline 's hair if she does not work hard & obey.At this point we turned off the movie . I do n't know why we waited so long . I guess I just never believed the writers would ever take the story down such a terrifying & dark path . I feel so mislead and angry and my child was simply frozen with fear . We had to read many books after switching it off to get some of the imagery out of her mind.This was not at all appropriate for a 3-yr old -LRB- or a 4-yr old or a 5-yr old -RRB- . Thank goodness I watched it with her ! Otherwise who knows what else she was going to be exposed to . Why , oh why , do they make these kid videos so awful ???
 This video is quite inappropriate for young viewers - even though it is rated G. And is n't that the target audience for Madeline ??? The subject matter covered in this video is just TOO MUCH for young children to handle . Why even go there ??? My 3 year old just adores Madeline . However , during the video , she started sobbing , which she had never done before -LRB- or since -RRB- . Nightmares were also a big issue for a few nights . I now feel guilty for letting her watch the whole thing.What kind of message is Disney sending to Madeline fans when she gets abducted by an evil , imposter Uncle & placed in a dungeon to make lace out of hair where an evil woman makes threats to cut off her hair to make RARE red lace ? Sure , she gets saved by her friends in the end , but that 's not until the VERY end of the movie . Yes , there 's evil out there , but why not wait until they are older & can think through something like this ... and let 's not put Madeline as the victim ! Let 's let our kids stay kids a while longer ... P.S. Borrow it from the library -LRB- like I did -RRB- if you 're still curious . And then buy something else !
 It is shocking that movies as frightening as these are released for children . It seems that the people who created this film have no idea about children . Who comes up with this stuff ? And offers it to children ? Are they kidding ? I returned this `` G rated '' video for a refund .
 If you are looking for a sweet movie for the younger set , steer clear of this one ! My daughter -LRB- 4 -RRB- and I were extremely disappointed in this movie . Disney describes this movie as '' ... full of spirited fun `` and '' ... where everyone learns the true meaning of family '' . Imagine our dismay when Madeline is kidnapped by a man posing as her Uncle and is taken to a child-labor dungeon where sick little girls are forced to weave lace with strands cut from their own hair ! My daughter continues to have nightmares from this movie . Disney really lost sight of its viewing audience this time !
 I do n't normally write reviews , but since this has given my son nightmares for many days now , I 'm writing . My 7 year old son saw this on TV . He does n't normally get nightmares , and he enjoys almost all cartoons . This one was really scary . It should be called `` Madeline gets kidnapped and enslaved by abusive adults in a sweatshop in Paris . '' First , in typical Disney fashion , Madeline 's parents get killed off . I was n't paying as much attention to this movie as I should have been , but when I tuned in next Madeline was being cornered in a dungeon by a scary women wielding a large , sharp scissors . My son has been in tears every night for a week . Definitely do n't buy this !
 Im 7 yers old and it gave me nightmares For more than a weekI do not recomend it at al if I would giv it 0 stars if i could
 My six year old came home from school distraught over this movie . She is in kindergarten and watched it with her class . She was so upset that she cried in class and asked to be excused from watching it the following class . My daughter does not usually get upset easily . She is a `` tomboy '' that prefers Spiderman to Barbie and baseball to baby dolls . When I asked her why it was so upsetting she told me that the girl -LRB- Madeline -RRB- loses her family and friends and has to live a horrible life . I do not recommend this movie for any young child .
 This is a terrible video in which Madeline is abducted by a supposed `` Uncle '' . She is taken to a dungeon like setting to make lace from human hair . Worse , if it can be , Ms. Clavell and the other adults who are supposed to care for her , just let her go off with this `` Uncle '' . She is betrayed by all the adults , and even by `` family '' in the person of her `` Uncle '' . My 5 year old was visibly shaken , and we fast forwarded through the last 30 minutes to Madeline 's rescue . Just a terrible video , made all the worse because of the previous uplifting Madeline series . This is a negative five stars !
 We are all huge Madeline fans here in our home , but this movie is not a good one . Parts of it are scarry and just not fun for kids and it 's pretty boring . The Madeline dvd 's with episodes are much better - we have a few of those and love them .
 My daughter loves the episodes of Madeline , but not this movie . The main plot is an uncle takes Madeline away from her friends and puts her to work in a sweat shop . Creepy !!
 As a mother of 4 small kids , Trust me , this is inappropriate for young kids . The thems are disturbing and too much for young children .
 My two daughter , ages 6 and 4 , are big fans of the Madeline books . I was extremely surprised at the content of this movie - Madeline is basically kidnapped so she can be forced to work in a dark basement making lace while the kidnappers get her inheritance , she and the other girls in the lace factory are threatened repeatedly that they will `` get all their hair cut off '' as Madame La Croc shoves huge scissors at them , Madeline is thrown in a dungeon , and one young girl in the factory is very sick but is n't allowed medicine or rest . While I realize Disney movies often have disturbing themes -LRB- parents die , dragons , monsters , villians , etc -RRB- , this movie seems especially disturbing because it shows real violence against the children in the movie . At one point La Crock chases Madeline and cuts off a chunk of her hair . Another girl already has had her hair cut off . There was nothing cute or redeeming about this movie . I would definately urge parents to view it before showing it to their children .
 This movie is DEFINITELY NOT for little children as it is sooooo scarey . I purchased this for my five year old girl and have not even put it on for her to watch . I decided to watch it after seeing reviews AFTER I purchased it ! What a huge dissapointment ... with mean evil characters in the movie , it is not for children . Since purchasing this one , I am definitely going to be checking out the reviews before purchasing another Madeline movie as I do n't want to waste my money and have to preview Madeline movies incase there 's something just too scarey for a little one to see . I am sure this movie would have given her nightmares and put fear into her . The other movie I was going to order is ` MY FAIR MADELINE ' , but after seeing some of the reviews that there are scarey parts , I will definitely not order that one . As for the other Madeline movies that I purchased , they are absolutely delightful and my little girl just loves them . I have purchased Madeline dolls for her and just recently bought the whole collection of all the available dolls including Genevieve . Madeline certainly is a hit in our home !
 My six year old came home from school distraught over this movie . She is in kindergarten and watched it with her class . She was so upset that she cried in class and asked to be excused from watching it the following class . My daughter does not usually get upset easily . She is a `` tomboy '' that prefers Spiderman to Barbie and baseball to baby dolls . When I asked her why it was so upsetting she told me that the girl -LRB- Madeline -RRB- loses her family and friends and has to live a horrible life . I do not recommend this movie for any young child .
 I agree with other reviewers that this is too dark for its intended audience . Madeline kidnapped to work in a sweatshop ?!?! And to explain about the poor girl she befriends and how she 's sick because she 's malnourished and never in the sunlight ... it was horrible ! I wish I had previewed this one first ! My daughter was so distraught we actually had to let her finish watching it to see that Madeline and the other children were saved in the end and everything was okay . I threw the video in the trash -- no child should see this .
 Let me see if I have this straight . Madeline 's father , who filled her room with flowers and toys when she had her appendix out , is now apparently dead . A strange man posing as an `` uncle '' acts out a scheme -LRB- too subtle and disturbing to explain to your small child -RRB- , for abducting Madeline away from her tearful friends and Miss Clavel . The uncle then sells a distraught Madeline to a sadistic shop owner -- Lauren Bacall , how 's your career going ? -- who keeps Madeline and other little girls enslaved in a dark basement to make lace out of HUMAN HAIR . Her best friend down there is gaunt little girl who has been there a long , long time and ca n't speak without coughing . At one point , as punishment for talking back to her captor , Madeline is placed alone in a tiny , dank cell . She is ultimately rescued by her friends and the police before an unimaginable fate . Oh yeah , how did the police get there ? On a tip from the `` uncle '' , not because of any act of conscience on his part , but because he worked a deal with the police for a lighter sentence.My wife and I both found this video to be unrelentlessly cruel and completely bizarre . Whatever positive theme you or your child were supposed to glean from all of this -- be optimistic ... you can to anything ... hair makes a nice doily ? -- was totally overwhelmed by a sadistic storyline and perverse characters that will find you trying to comfort and reassure your child for days . -LRB- `` Daddy , I do n't want to watch this ! ... Daddy can we go by this ! ... No , daddy I do n't want to see this ! Daddy , where is she now ? '' -RRB- It would be of great satisfaction to me if this review would keep other small eyes -LRB- two and older ! -RRB- , from being victimized by this garbage and the utterly deceptive , so-called editorial review . `` Lost in a big city ? ''
 Okay ... I loved `` No , no , no '' and I just KNEW that the rest of the album was going to be the bomb . But when I heard it , it was very safe to say that it was very disappointing . I loved the group before I heard the album - but now I view them as just another one hit wonder girlie group . They have a lot of talent - but they need to get better songs . Support them if you wish - but I do n't highly suggest it . I was more impressed by the `` No , no , no '' single that I was with the whole album .
 This review goes to my babe ! -LRB- Nicole -RRB- Mwah ! I love you , hun ! OK ... now I will spew some pretty nasty venom at Destiny 's Child , hehe ! First of all , this is wimp music at it 's absolute finest ! All they know how to say is `` No No No '' What kinda stuff is that ? & iquest ; This music is SO boring ! The only reason I 'm reviewing this is because my cute girl friend likes them :-RRB- Otherwise I would n't be here ! Do yourself a favor and listen to some pure chaos , hate and blaspemous Metal ! Alrighty I wan na end this by saying ... `` DARK FUNERAL RULES ! '' and I love you Nicole ! :-RRB- See , I told ya that i would get you back , lmao ...
 The new group Destiny 's Child has `` blown up '' since their first appearance on the screen . I feel that these are great songs on this disc , but however they do seem a little redundant . It seems as if though they needed some music to fill in their cd with part ones and twos . I do encourage this young group to keep up the good work and be strong despite my comments . i did not like no , no , no the fast version . But , for teenagers this is a very trendy beat and something parents do not have to `` inspect '' first .
 Who are you trying to be Destiny 's Child ? Good question . They seem like they are trying to be a carbon copy of SWV , -LRB- one of the members even looks like Lelee . -RRB- The groups debut album is seriously lyrically deprived . Their beats , from JD . and Master P , mind you , all sound the same as the beats these producers use for other artists . Two of the songs on the album have a part 2 , as if to say `` Gee we know the songs are not great so we better do a remix and call it part two . The dumb fans will never know . '' The Part 2 's should have been saved for singles not albums . Could n't they have come up with two other songs to add to the length of the album , instead of cheating the music buyers . Sorry girls , a cameo on a Master P. and Wynclef Jean song , and funky videos , does not make you singers . Songs without recycled beats and half-way decent lyrics do .
 this is the problem with current R-N-B all recycled music.these Young Lady 's have some talent but this run of the mill writting & music weighs whatever they may have down badly.since they come out with songs that repeat the subject three times please do n't become Puppets , puppets , puppets .
 THIS ALBUM IS OKAYNOT THEIR BEST.A FEW SONGS ARE GOODOTHER THANTHAT THIS ALBUMIS FAIR.PURCAHSE IT WITH YOURMONEY INTELLIGENTLY !!!!!!!!!
 Destiny 's Child debut album is really far from being nearly close to the magic & cleverness of the other Destiny 's albums . Full of filler cuts , surrounding the only worth song `` No , No , No '' , this is a sad start , but it was amended by the second album `` The Writing 's On the Wall '' . This is so anoying , that if you want the hit single , buy the commercial single or maxi.single . No even `` With Me '' the second single managed to keep it up with the audience .
 I laughed at how the two band members broke up with those other remaining member of Destiny 's Child easily they replaced those other two . It just shows how easy it is to make and replace a crappy pop group . It shows how easy it is to make these silly POP bands . If two members of Metallica left people would have a hell of a hard time adjusting to the new people and the band would n't be the same but for crappy POP bands all you need is another pretty face that can sing . Oh and the songs like Bills Bills Bills , Bug a Boo , Say My name grow tiring so quickly after a month or two . You wo n't be listening to this CD next year , you 'll be giving this to a used CD store just so you can get some money back . So your better off buying a empty soda can than this CD . Thank You , Have A Nice Day !
 IT IS A GREAT ALBUM . IT SHOULD MAKE MILLIONS . ANY BODY WHO DISAGREE 'S SPEAK UP .
 Well , this album was farrrrr from good . The vocals are exceptional , and all the songs are n't bad , but most of them are . Highlights are `` Second Nature '' , `` No , no , no -LRB- 1 and 2 -RRB- '' and `` Bridges '' , but when only 4 of the songs suceed to tickle my fancy , you just have n't done your job . The girls harmonize well on this album , and it 's not all Beyonce all over the background . And on leads , her voice sounds pure , and not all overproduced and hollering . This was in no way special , but I 've heard worse . They 've gotten a lot better , and I was a fan when this cd came out when I was nine , but now I 'm a die hard fan . They get a `` B '' for effort .
 I loved Destiny 's Child the minute I heard a bit of the `` No , No , No '' video . But I usually end up skipping through at least half the songs on the album . `` No , No , No '' parts I & II , `` With Me '' parts I & II , and `` Illusion '' are very danceable and these women 's voices are beautiful . Harmonies are great and the fast songs really make you want to sing along.Their voices did n't seem to be used as well on the slower songs . The arrangements did n't compliment their talents as well as on the faster songs , the backings -LRB- bass , synthesizers , etc. -RRB- were unimaginative , and overall , they just seemed flat and overly sentimental.After listening to this album many times and always skipping over so many songs , I 'm wishing they 'd released a shorter album with only about 5 of these songs instead of the full-length one .
 These girls can sing but it would be nice in a while to hear them sing something new besides `` NO , NO , NO . '' I have listend to the rest of their CD and it was a big disapointment to what I had expected it to be . Most of their songs are really dull and not very good . I think they should work on the lyrics to their songs and think about what messeage they want to send out to the world .
 All the girls from Destiny 's Child have great voices . But all their songs suck -LRB- except for 2 of them -RRB- . I 've listened to all of the songs only once and i 've never really wanted to listen to the songs again . I really regret buying this CD .
 Although Jeff Buckley released only one album during his lamentably short career , 1994 's GRACE , his recorded output is quite large . Part of this is due to the large amount of posthumous releases and re-releases of live material by his estate -- which many are starting to feel only diminishes his legacy . But even while Buckley was still with us , Columbia Records released several EPs and promos to bring GRACE to greater attention . This 2002 box set collects five of this small releases together.PEYOTE RADIO THEATRE was a promotional release directed mainly to Germany in the weeks leading up to the release of GRACE . `` Mojo Pin '' is the same version as on the album . `` Dream Brother '' is present in the so-called `` Nag Champa mix '' , a curious ambient version of the song to which Buckley added tabla drums . `` Kanga-Roo '' is a cover of an old Alex Chilton song which Buckley was especially fond of -- he may have first come across it on This Mortal Coil 's albumIt 'll End in Tears.THE GRACE EP is a 1996 commercial release . It contained the album version of `` Grace '' and unfortunately limpid live performances from the final visit to Australia on tour . The ambient jam `` Tongue '' was added to this box set ; taken from the same Bearsville sessions that produced GRACE , this shows Buckley and his three band members trying to reach a cohesive collaboration.LAST GOODBYE was a 1995 Sony Japan commercial release . `` Last Goodbye '' is an edit of the album version . `` Mojo Pin '' appears in a remarkable 14-minute long live version from a New York City concert , and here Buckley begins with long vocalizations that show inspiration from Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan . `` Lost Highway '' is a cover of the Hank Williams classic . There is fine photography by Hideo Okada on the sleeve , which comes as a nice contrast to the photos that adorn the box and make Buckley look like some kind of teen idol.LIVE FROM THE BATACLAN was released in 1995 , first as a promo and then commercially . It has four live tracks from a February 11 , 1995 performance at the Bataclan in Paris . While we do n't need an umpteenth live version of `` Dream Brother '' or `` Hallelujah '' , there are two rare covers . This first is Van Morrison 's `` The Way Young Lovers Do '' , which is okay . The second is a medley of the Edith Piaf tunes `` Je n'en connais pas la fin '' and `` Hymne a l'Amour '' , which are charming though one wishes Buckley had used the original French instead of the clunky English translations . All in all , this EP is more interesting as a document of how much French audiences adored Buckley -- the crowd cheers and claps throughout -- than for its music.Finally , SO REAL a.k.a. LIVE AT NIGHTTOWN contains three live tracks from a February 25 , 1995 performance in Rotterdam , the Netherlands . Few live performances of `` So Real '' are out there , but we do n't need yet another `` Grace '' or `` Dream Brother '' . I would recommend this box set only to Buckley completists . There is a lot of Buckley material out there , but in my opinion casual fans need only three items . These areGracein its original version -LRB- the Legacy Edition sounds awful , a victim of the `` loudness wars '' -RRB- , theLive in ChicagoDVD which has Buckley blending good music with some fine humour , and theLive at L'Olympiaimport CD , which records the Paris concerts Buckley felt to be the finest performance of his career . You might also want to hear his collaborations with Liz Fraser , long passed around between fans but regrettably not yet released commercially .
 When I bought this album , I took it home and only had a few moments to listen to the first three songs . I liked them enough so I ripped the album onto my computer playlist and left it at that.I forgot about it from then on , only hearing various songs during random playing , which in general I either liked or did n't mind.Recently I decided to listen to the album all the way through , and I was amazed by how poor it works out afterall . The lyrics are okay , sometimes becoming very interesting , but the music and style of singing quickly become repetitive . I found it very difficult not to tune it out after two or three songs , and whenever I tuned in I would start to get annoyed by the lead singer 's voice . It 's interesting at first , irritating in time , and abrasive by the end.This album is not something I can really imagine handling all the way through for any good reason . It seems to work best broken up and randomized , at moments popping up onto the playlist and then going away for a while . If you have a rather large collection of music and an iPod or computer playlist handy , hey , knock yourself out . If you expect to listen to this thing all the way through , you 're going to either be bored or irritated . -- PolarisDiB
 Amazon keeps recommending this to me because I like 45 Grave.But , after wasting money on another album by this band , `` Scriptures '' , I know better . Cool name , cool logo , lame music . I wo n't be fooled twice .
 Its punk all right but I do n't feel there is much to this album.All the tracks are very short , less than 2 minutes . After listening to the album for a little while I ca n't pinpoint one song that I really like .
 Kind of like An@l C * nt without the talent .
 dont buy this it sucks . Beverly hills is a good song the rest of them are crap . Buy mainliner by social distortion
 I ordered this item two day shipping and it has been over two weeks and now is when it says that it will ship . I 'm no longer in the US please contact me at my email to give my out of the country address .
 The Smithsonian Great American Orchestras was a fine series that I missed the first time around . If you can find these , snap them up . This one in particular is a fine example of NY Phil under Toscanini . The recording quality is really about the same as the NBC 8H recordings , if not better , and the orchestra is better . This is a great way to get the legendary 1936 Beethoven seventh . I do n't remember a reissue of the Brahms Variations . Toscanini simply lets the piece unfold naturally . With a Rossini overture , the Traviata prelude , and Act 3 Lohengrin prelude , this is a great program of some of the master 's favorites . The NBC Symphony collection is fine , too.Buy them all . PS
 This item was created for charity only , in a limited edition , sold through my website and at my shows only . Whoever is listing it is doing so illegally , and manufacturing it illegally . Please do n't buy this item here ; it 's available at www.janisian.com instead , where your money will go where it 's intended!ThanksJanis Ian
 If the principal for this item says it has been manufactured illegally , then Amazon should determine if that is so , and if corroborated , they should stop selling it . Get with it , Jeff Bezos !
 This is a charity item . Buy this through Janis Ian 's website only so the money will go to the needy .
 Janis Ian herself let you know below that this DVD was created EXCLUSIVELY for her website for CHARITY . I went to her website and bought the NEW DVD cheaper than it is listed here and it is the original DVD . . NOT A BOOTLEG like these . LISTEN TO JANIS !!! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 First , let 's talk price . 3 mixes -LRB- each is 7 minutes on average -RRB- for $ 11 is a rip of . Second , let 's talk music . One OK remix of Sleep , which is a great song , but is not made any better by the remix , and two remixes of Tears From The Moon , which is my all-time favourite song , but the two remixes just KILL it . They absolutely ruin the melody , adding beats right where they do n't belong . Overall , this CD is a HUGE dissapointment , and I advise you not to buy it .
 The Orb has a turn on the Back to Mine stage . Ca n't say this is a winner for the series . Mildly amusing on the first listen , this album becomes quickly tiring due to a combination of weak or very lame track selection -LRB- ie . `` Ow Much ! '' by Creature , `` Have You Seen Her ? '' by Chi-Lites , `` Little Fishy '' by Thomas Fehlmann , and `` Barbie Girl '' by Electric Chairs are all horrible -RRB- on the part of Alex Paterson . The only two -LSB- relatively -RSB- decent tracks are `` Blue Calx '' and `` You Do n't Fool Me '' by Joachim Spieth . The mixing leaves a lot to be desired also . Overall , thumbs down on this effort by The Orb .2.5 / 5 stars .
 I was very much looking toward to listening to the old hits that I enjoyed many years ago . I was very disappointed . The tunes on this CD are nowhere near as good as the orginal hits . Hard to believe that they are sung by the orginal artists . I wasted my money . I `` d like to throw it in the trash !
 Attention ! The buyer who belongs to a place that is not inside the Region 1 will not be able to visualize the DVD.In our global world serious desirable to end once and for all with these disadvantages .
 Sadly I did n't recived the CD listed here but a compilation . Exactly this one :[ ... -RSB- By the way the content is faboulous !
 This compilation is not the best way to introduce The Stranglers to a new audience or , for that matter , to persuade die-hard fans to part with their cash . Culled mainly from the previous three Stranglers studio albums -LRB- ` About Time ' , ` Written In Red ' and ` Coup De Grace ' -RRB- , this album contains some of the better songs -LRB- ` Valley Of The Birds ' , ` Money ' , ` Still Life ' -RRB- and some of the very worst -LRB- ` The Light ' , ` And The Boat Sails by ' , ` In A while ' -RRB- to appear on the these three albums . Throw in a couple of live tracks heard a million times better on other CD 's and you have a very half-baked album which , in my view , I ca n't understand was ever compiled in the first place . There are so many other albums like this around which do the band no justice whatsoever . I suggest you pass on this one !
 When I bought this album , I took it home and only had a few moments to listen to the first three songs . I liked them enough so I ripped the album onto my computer playlist and left it at that.I forgot about it from then on , only hearing various songs during random playing , which in general I either liked or did n't mind.Recently I decided to listen to the album all the way through , and I was amazed by how poor it works out afterall . The lyrics are okay , sometimes becoming very interesting , but the music and style of singing quickly become repetitive . I found it very difficult not to tune it out after two or three songs , and whenever I tuned in I would start to get annoyed by the lead singer 's voice . It 's interesting at first , irritating in time , and abrasive by the end.This album is not something I can really imagine handling all the way through for any good reason . It seems to work best broken up and randomized , at moments popping up onto the playlist and then going away for a while . If you have a rather large collection of music and an iPod or computer playlist handy , hey , knock yourself out . If you expect to listen to this thing all the way through , you 're going to either be bored or irritated . -- PolarisDiB
 Amazon keeps recommending this to me because I like 45 Grave.But , after wasting money on another album by this band , `` Scriptures '' , I know better . Cool name , cool logo , lame music . I wo n't be fooled twice .
 Non ho ancora ricevuto il CD acquistato 2 mesi fa ' e che in teoria doveva essere arrivato una settimana fa ' . Qualcuno mi pu&ograve; dare una spiegazione ??? Grazie !
 WAS OK BUT I LIKE THE 1ST AND 3RD WAY BETTER THEY NEED TO LET US SAMPLE SO WE WILL KNOW WHAT WE ARE BUYING
 this is not the best beefheart you can buy . get the later stuff or live albums there better
 I decided to listen to this CD because of High Fidelity ... All I can say is , no wonder it was a nerdy , dorky loser in the movie trying to get a copy of this ridiculously dull trash . I bet all of Beefheart 's fans look like him . Even the girls .
 Earache must have been pretty desperate for new bands to have given these wankers a record deal.The music is repetitionus and unimaginative the musicianship itself is terrible and the vocals down right boringEvery song is pretty much the same riffs in different order . Sounds like they know about 31/5 riffs drums are awfull production horribleCome to think of it i cant find one single good thing about this albumI will not go so far as to say that this is the worst album i have heard but its not far offAVOID AT ALL COST !!!!!!!!
 Completely and utterly miserable . I bought this because I heard the song `` Thrown into Oblivion '' by itself and thought it sounded pretty good . Then I saw the CD on here for all of 53 cents and figured I might as well give it a shot . Now I wish I had n't wasted my money . I put it in my CD player and by the third track I was sick of it . Every song sounds exactly the same as the others . No , I 'm not exaggerating . It 's as though they went to the Wesley Willis School of Songwriting . And that is an insult to poor Wesley -LRB- god rest -RRB- , who had an excuse . I doubt the members of disgust can claim Chronic Schizophrenia caused them to commit creative atrocity.So , to summarize , do n't buy it . Even though it only costs 53 cents . Do n't waste your money . Your 53 cents is better used in one of those crane machines with all the stuffed animals , even though you rarely win .
 After hearing Danger Mouse 's other production credits and works I was disappointed in this album . The beats and rhymes both were basic and nothing I heard really got me moving . MF Doom 's raps are cheeky in that pre-schooler kinda way . Kinda weak . Andy Milinokis flows better than this cat . I like Aqua Teen , but having them on the album made me feel like I was listenning to an album on `` my first record player '' back in the Fischer Price days . Skip this one . My copy will be on Ebay here soon , so look for it .
 I dont know why everyone is writing so much about this . What it comes down to is , the beats are amazing but Doom 's lyrics and voice are terrible ! He sounds like hes tired whenever hes rappin . And i dont think hes rapping about ANYTHING ! He just says whatever rhymes . heres a direct quote from track 2 called `` sofa king '' . `` Got y' all but it 's not all bare and skittlesPrepare the viddles , got riddles and spittlesCrystal clear to the jock or the tittleTSSSS . . It 's hot off the griddleCame to take the cake wether it 's a lot or a little `` What does that mean ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! he raps about nothing and trys to hide it by starting and ending the `` rhyme '' with something about adult swim cartoons.Does he freestlye ? Because there are alot of pauses that sound like he didnt come with lyrics beforehand.so if you do n't mind what are possibly the worst lyrics ever written , rapped by possibly the worst rapper of all time , then go ahead , buy the album and enjoy the beats .
 After hearing Danger Mouse 's other production credits and works I was disappointed in this album . The beats and rhymes both were basic and nothing I heard really got me moving . MF Doom 's raps are cheeky in that pre-schooler kinda way . Kinda weak . Andy Milinokis flows better than this cat . I like Aqua Teen , but having them on the album made me feel like I was listenning to an album on `` my first record player '' back in the Fischer Price days . Skip this one . My copy will be on Ebay here soon , so look for it .
 Buuuuuuuuu , same monotonous babble over and over again with different background music ripped from god knows where and WHY !? Put any music for the background in your favorite kareoke machine and then babble anything incoherent to this tone : nepenepene nepenepene over and OVERRRRRR !!! I have just described what this talentless fest sounds like -LRB- not to mention most c/rap albums out there -RRB- . Do n't take my word for it , try the sound clips and judge yourself , and if you 're one of the few that has brain cells still beating around in your gourd -LRB- unless dope and mass hypnosis have done their toll like most others who love dis ' type o `` music '' -RRB- you 'll sees what I means `` dog '' . Yo !
 Ok , the music is great and sounds as good or better than I expected ... BUT the concert footage is poorly remastered ! The audio track does NOT match the video . Phil sings , and then his vocals arrive a ` touch ' later . Arrrgh ! This is the same annoying problem I have with the concert footage on the enhanced `` A Trick of the Tail '' CD/DVD -LRB- Glasgow ' 76 -RRB- . The audio track on that show does not match the video.Oddly enough , the interview portions of both DVD 's are just fine . Also , I own the VHS of that 1976 TToT Glasgow show , and the soundtrack is perfect . It 's only the concert footage on those DVD 's that are out of sync . Is it just me ? Anyone else have that issue ? Comments ? Help ?
 I hate to be the bearer of bad news , but for anyone who really knows and loves these albums , a sacrilage has been done , and they will notice it right away.They are not `` remastered '' , they are REMIXED , and in some instances RE-Recorded or newly overdubbed.I 'm pretty sure that almost universally , the drums have been overdubbed with new tracks , or at least boosted un-naturally in the mix . The same goes for some of the vocals , and some of the guitar parts.As a recording engineer and mixer myself , it is my view -LRB- and I think a lot of other 's -RRB- that the mix of an album is an inherent part of the composition - the artistic vision that was created at that time.Yes , the albums desperately needed remastering - even the first earlier re-issued remastering of the catalogue was not sufficient - but this is because of the transfer to CD , not the original tapes or mix . I owned the vinyl . Many earlier CDs suffer from a seriously ` undermaximized ' level . Digital converters , technology , and knowledge has improved hugely since the first CD 's came out.Certain songs have basically been ruined by what has been done to them now - the feel and character has actually been changed . It does n't take much.I ca n't comprehend how the trio approved the release of these ` enhanced ' CD 's . Unfortunately , I have to suspect that Phils ' sometimes ill-advised tendencies towards his own band could be a factor.We need a remaster that does justice to these great albums .
 Ive been a huge fan for a longgggggg time ; since 86 ; have all their albums and such . I know every nuance of their work on each and every album . Duke in particular is one of my favorites but in my view the album was destroyed for this so called enhanced re-release . Scott Ramsay is correct . Im not even a mixer and I can hear what they have done to this album . It 's not remastered in any way ; its only been remixed . The recording sounds Hollow and Tinny with too much emphasis on the drums . Some of Tony 's keyboard work is drowned out completely and in some cases phrases that were originally meant to be placed back in the mix have been brought up wayyy too much at the sacrifice of the main material . There is no balance here ; this whole thing is a jumbled mess and drove my ears crazy !! The wonderful thing about this band is their use of dynamics in their work . In this reissue , its just ruined . It is not what they originally intended . Every track sounds the same in terms of volume and Timbre . I could go on and on but anyway ... a great album ; just not this issue . The concert footage on the other hand is priceless which is why I got this in the first place . I had heard about the remix issues and had to listen to it on Duke . Those issues are correct . I certainly hope that this isnt the last issue of Duke . It deserves better . I am holding onto the 94 remaster and the original cd . Both are vastly superior to this jumbled mess !
 Wow ... Whoever did the DVD audio portion needs to be shot on all of these re-releases . The cd remaster sounds great , however the dvd is mixed horribly . Heavily gated compression on the vocals that dominates the mix . The vocal is almost twice as loud as the music . . Thin sounding mix on this one . . So bad that I only listen to the cd and use the dvd for the extra features only . I also have a pretty accurate speaker system in my studio that I use for mixes , and being a producer , I know what I 'm talking about ...
 I was one of those unfortunate souls who queued overnight outside the Theatre Royal , Drury Lane in London to hear the first Genesis performance on the ` Duke ' tour . I 'm not saying the show was bad - Phil Collins led the audience in a truly masterful fashion . The band were clear and precise . But all of us who wanted to hear all of those whimsical , vaugely liturgical songs from the wonderful world of Charterhouse were left high and dry . I called out for ` Supper 's Ready ' but an informed member of the audience soon put me in my place . There would be none of that on this summer 's night.So gone were the deeply moving songs from a somehow forgotten age and now began the crappy crowd pleasers for the North American stage . This was a thin and careless album for a new and superficial age . It was poor then and it still is .
 Who would really rate the Fellows but their fans ? And you read the reviews and we 're all basically saying the same thing
 This video is worthless . It breezes over important concepts and the drum tuning chapter is a joke - it doesnt even show you how to tune or explain in any detail . I WOULD NOT recommend this video to ANYONE .
 I picked up this DVD in the hopes to learning more about basic playing concepts with the snare drum . I was fairly dissappointed that this was just more of a high level overview and not very specific . They did glance over a lot of the basics and as most instructional DVD 's , they do n't take the time to break down the concepts , the just blow through it . DVD was very short ... I am not really sure who could benefit from this DVD .
 Learning to listen to a complete Bruckner symphony , with its slow , solemn harmonic evolvement and seemingly endless string of adagios takes some time . But , when you do take your time , the fruits may be manifold and rewarding.Furtw&auml;ngler the conductor , was a Bruckner specialist -LRB- he conducted the adagio of the seventh when Hitler 's death was announced in 1945 -RRB- and Furtw&auml;ngler the composer could not free himself from Bruckner 's looming presence . In this symphony , which took almost four decades -LRB- ! -RRB- to compose , Furtw&auml;ngler out-bruckners Bruckner in almost every way ; the extraordinary length -LRB- the opening largo lasts almost 31 minutes , the finale takes well over 26 minutes to come to terms with itself -RRB- , the snail like development , the choral-like brass eruptions etc. . But where Bruckner had something to say , who came up with attractive and original thematic material and was a master in building tension , Furtw&auml;ngler just rambles on in a way that can only be described as utterly boring , the loudness of some passages not being able to hide the emptiness of the material . A telling fact is that after Furtw&auml;ngler and the Berlin Philharmonic had once rehearsed the symphony in 1943 , Furtw&auml;ngler was so disappointed with his brainchild , that he immediately withdrew it . Rather than changing `` so many fundamental things -LRB- ... -RRB- that are in need of alteration '' , Furtw&auml;ngler started work on a new symphony -LRB- which , is indeed much , much better -RRB- and , although he continued tinkering with the first , he never seriously considered it good enough for perfance . Listening to the cd one can understand Furtw&auml;ngler 's misgivings . If you want to know what Furtw&auml;ngler the composer could do , listen to the second symphony -LRB- Barenboim on Teldec -RRB- , if you want to know what Bruckner is all about , turn to Bruckner .
 Someone must have said `` Make some noise ! '' ... and they did ! I really do n't like this one ... just not the kind of music I go for , I 'm afraid . Maybe if you 're into the heavy trance kinda stuff , you might like this one , but personally I say
 The world may divide into two kinds of people . Those who like Alanis , and others who dislike her voice and choice of songs . Being one of the unlucky second group , I found this CD apalling . I follow on that the funny Amazon review by `` solidoak '' . I understand Howard Shore has made great soundtracks remembered by all , but even soloists from the London Phil . ca n't make a corny score sound well . `` Mooby '' , track 2 is particularly obnoxious . Do n't get me wrong , I do like religious music , Faur&eacute; and Mozart 's requiems , etc ; I just do n't like this pretence of the same genre . As `` a customer '' wrote
 I was disapointed with the standard of this CD . apart from the two tracks i could not isten to , the others were not original , and made no lasting impression . isnt that what music is supposed to do ?
 Y' want a review that 's helpful ? Here you go
 Low budget sound loops and tones played against post 911 speeches of George Bush . Wow innovative huh ! Oh yes and I ca n't forget to mention that the speeches have been clipped so words like `` freedom '' and `` terror '' have been flip-flopped ! Truely ingenious huh ? I think not ! The production does make one think as it plods on and on until your almost biting your nails hoping there is n't a surprise bonus track . One thought I had was ... How many prepubescent kids have chopped up clips of GW the same way just for kicks ? Maybe they should all make CD 's too ! Another thought that came to mind was of all the things I could have better spent my money on and how much can I possibly recover when I take this CD down to the local used CD store . And my final thought before I removed the CD and started for the used CD exchange ... why did I even bother buying this ?
 So , he was a musical genius , so what ? I always like the way people ignore the fact that some musical geniuses were plain out of their skulls . Through the years , a lot of jazz musicians -LRB- professional and non -RRB- paid -LRB- and continue to pay -RRB- homage to this guy , but would never be able to work for such a schizoid personality.People let it slide all the weird things he did , and the way he treated other musicians in a sort of `` blind faith '' following . From what I 've read in many books from musicians who 've worked for him , and watching this video , it 's almost as if they 'd bow to him and lick his boots because they got notoriety from playing in his band -LRB- i.e. he may be abusive and obtuse , but man , I can make some money and be famous working for him -RRB- . Then you get the snooty `` know-it-all 's '' who worship him and look beyond his crass idiosyncrasies because they want to be part of the `` In Crowd '' in-the-know about this musical genius . But would never for a moment , want to possess his psychological profile , nor would they even consider socializing with this `` fruitcake '' if it were not for his music alone.He was an Underdog in his own mind , and brought upon his own paranoia due to his radical viewpoint towards life . Yeah , I like some of his music . But he was a `` space cadet '' in every sense of the word .
 I had high hopes for this film , as I am enormous admirer of Charles Mingus , and a passionate collector of his records , but , unfortunately , `` Triumph of the Underdog '' is a jumbled mess . It 's a great example of how important editing is in documentary . When you have a bad editor , or an director who does n't understand editing , you end up with a film like this . After a meandering introduction , which does little to whet one 's appetite for the subject at hand , the rest of the film is loosely structured around the story of Mingus 's life . Yet it presents only shards of that life that are incomplete and often unclear , and there are many gaps . For some reason , many of the interview subjects were shot in pairs , so while one person is talking , the other is left to stare at them . For some reason , Gunther Schuller is used a primary interviewee , but he ca n't hold the film together and he 's an odd choice in any case . There is wonderful footage of Mingus performing , but , like the rest of the film , it is not well used , and we often get only bits and pieces of songs that do n't add up to anything . There is fascinating footage of Mingus shooting a gun in his apartment and later being evicted -LRB- shot by another documentarian in the 60 's -RRB- but , again , that whole story is not as clear or compelling as it could have been . This is just a huge missed opportunity , as you can see from the footage available and the musicians interviewed that a great film could have been constructed here . After all , we 're dealing with one of the most dynamic , exciting musicians and compelling personalities of recent times . For anyone who loves Mingus and loves jazz , only buy this if you can put up with the frustration you will feel at all that could have been . You 'll enjoy the bits and pieces , but if you want good filmmaking about jazz , there are much better films
 I must agree with the review entitled ` disappointed ' . I am an avid collector of Mingus records and am familiar with much of his career . This attempt at a portrait of Mingus is poorly constructed and fails to provide even a basic overview of his life and music . There is no chronology as tantalising snippts of film jump from the seventies back to the fifties , with scarce an opportunity to listen to an extended piece . Rather than allow the rare concert footage and original recordings to ` speak for themselves ' , the filmmakers lean heavily on ponderous and repetitive interviews that either emphasise how volatile a personality was Mingus or how he was an American equivalent of a Schoenberg . There is virtually no discussion of any one of his many innovative recordings , and the film moves briskly through his ` golden period ' of roughly '55 to '65 with little mention of his many great achievements . We are told repeatedly what a great composer and bassist Mingus was , and yet the film includes precious little footage of Mingus and his bands performing . As mentioned , the chronology of the footage is so poorly arranged that there is no sense of what a remarkable period of activity Mingus sustained during that ten year period in which the vast bulk of his classic recordings were made.A disappointment , but worth having for the rare Mingus footage . But this poor excuse for a documentary does not serve as a good introduction to his career .
 I felt all the songs on this album sounded the same . Not very Rootsy , I was knid of disappointed . I really enjoy listening to Israel Vibes but would not recommend this one .
 We just bought this and it is very distorted . A search of the web reveals that Arista is using some kind of copy protection that is causing a lot of home CD players problems . Posters are advising to look for one that has the `` Compact Disc Digital Audio '' logo if you want one that you can be sure will work with your player .
 I have been looking forward to the CD for quite sometime . Dido 's songs are full of her special tone . The music is never over the top , often deep , and always flowing . Absolutely great stuff!So , why am I giving it a 1 star ? Well , this is a CD review . And the CD is truly awful due to the no copy `` features '' . It plays fine on a stereo , but load it into the computer and you are in for a good kick in the buttocks ! Windows systems will be forced to use the player that came with the CD . -LRB- This means an entry in the registry file . -RRB- It converts the music to -LRB- low-priority -RRB- MP3 with lots of old fashion static . I thought we bought CDs for the BEST audio quality ? That is n't the worst part though . Being a Linux user , I popped the CD in on my Linux computer and it simply would not play . Period . I bought a CD that is useless when I am working . That is a sad thing!I have not tried it on Mac O/S . This ` feature ' was designed to combat CD pirating . This is unfortunate , as I believe it will have the opposite effect . When downloaded MP3s are more convenient that the original CD , which one are people going to listen to?Once again , great music ! But , be prepared for a hassle if you want to use it with a computer . -LRB- Please not that this refers to the UK edition . I have know way of knowing if the US edition is identical . Please check before you buy . -RRB-
 I really love Dido 's `` No Angel '' CD , but unfortunately `` Life For Rent '' fails to live up to the standards set by `` No Angel '' . In my oppinion the tracks all blend together , and are pritty boring sounding . I dont really hear much of the passion in Dido 's voice like we hear in ` Here with me ' on `` No Angel '' . `` White Flag '' IS a good song , as is `` See The Sun '' , besides these two tracks , the rest is fall asleep to music - nothing really special to say the least.If you like what you have heared on the radio by Dido , your probably best to get `` No Angel '' . If your looking for slow background music `` Life For Rent '' is perfect ! If you want to listen to a great female artist try `` Liz Phair '' by Liz Phair , much better : - -RRB-
 Although not a massive fan of the first album , I can truthfully say that I enjoyed the two singles Thank You , Here With Me , and especially the last track on the album - My Life , which had a fresh urgent feel to it.As for Life For Rent , it has great production , a nice beat & all manner of nice spacey acoustic-y sounds . So ` what 's the problem ? ' you say.Well , to be honest , There 's nothing particularly `` offensive '' about this album , but that 's the problem - it 's in no way challenging . It 's just , well ... bland . The lyrics are pointless , the melodies are overly naive and easily forgotten , and the chord changes just plain uninspired.If you want a good bit of background music , do yourself a favour and buy this album , but personally I 'd recommend something with a bit more flair like Gillian Welch 's Revival .
 I was so excited to pick up this CD , after hearing her debut No Angel ... after listening I left wondering `` What Happened ? '' . I really love Dido 's voice , but the material on this album is dreadful - that 's right , dreadful !! I listened to White Flag and thought , ehhh ... this is ok ... then I realized this was her first single from this album and then thought ... Uh Oh . My fears came true as I listened on . This disc has no spirit . Listen closely to her vocals throughout the whole CD - it 's nearly monotone . Sad to say , I really did n't have any favorites on this disc and will probably let it sit in my CD collection , unlistened to , or sell it.I do have one question though , `` Dido , did you do this or did Arista records do this ? '' .
 I found this CD a disappointment . The meandering lyrics and melodies in most of the songs just did n't carry me . This is an example of why it is better to buy a track rather than a CD . The background track was really uninspiring in an age when music is so easily built into the song .
 Dido 's fanclub is offering prizes to those individuals who post the best and most reviews on various websites . I do n't think this review will win an autographed pic or free cd , but frankly I do n't care . Anyone with the ability to hear can attest to the fact that `` Life for Rent '' is a mundane , boring collection of pathetic , whinny ditties . The music is so whimpy that I 'm embarrassed to own the cd . The melodies are bland , the music is redundant and the vocals are lax . The first single , White Flag sounds like elevator music . The most ironic aspect of this cd is the copy protection . Dido has no problem begging her fans for good press , but she blocks those who may have wanted to transfer the disc to their computer , mp3 player , or even to an interested friend . Dido appears greedy , this cd is the biggest sell-out I 've ever seen .
 The answer is no . I like many different types of music , covering most genres . Dido 's songs , however , are an exception . It amazes me that people purchase these records after hearing her music on the radio . To say it 's wet is an understatement - her songs are so soft when listening to them I feel like someone 's pushing a marshmallow in each one of my ears . The emotion is pathetic and not only pathetic ... it 's fake . Have you ever seen her interviewed ? She 's as common as nostrils . If you do purchase this album -LRB- which I did n't and never would , unless I knew I could make a profit from selling it -RRB- I strongly suggest you seek treatment for your emotional frailty - either that or get youself a new set of ears . There 's no depth ! Boring and wet .
 Ah good to see that the points I made in my first three posts on this album are born out . Still the posts flood in for this very ordinary and bland album that Dido has delivered.As I stated , which some people rebuked ... but have a read you people - its either a two line post saying that it 's the `` bestest CD in the history of CDs , ever in the history of CDs , Dido is fabby '' -LRB- which I read as - `` Ive not heard many CDs and I 'm not a real music fan , so this is my best so far in my collection of three CDs '' -RRB- , or a long post outlining each song giving each one 10/10 - yawn . Just give the album 11/10 and say its better than The Beatles and get it over with!I see Dido is up for a grammy or two , this again backs my case on what blanderama it really is . Lets stop a second and see who won grammys last time . Well its an exciting lineup -LRB- sarcasm -RRB- , in a world producing genuinely exciting music , who could it have been ; The Strokes , White Stripes , Black Motorcycle Rebel Club , The Libertines , Tori Amos , Killing Joke , Justin Sullivan ... no the line up included ; Sheryl Crow , Bruce Springsteen , Tony Bennett , Carlos Santana , B.B. King , Norah Jones , Chaka Khan , Faith Hill , Johnny Cash , Dixie Chicks , Clinch Mountain Boys , Lee `` Scratch '' Perry.Not so much The Fast And The Furious , more like The Pensioners And The Bland . Let me check again , it is the 21st Century is n't it , not the 19th ? In this company Dido should win big for her album . Bland - check , All One Pace , Do n't Upset Grandma - check , Kitchen Sink Drama Lyrics - check , Over 40s Feel - check . Is this what we need in 2004 , true there has always been a market for ordinary music through the years , but do n't we need a little bit of excitement ? Also if I read the word `` sophmore '' in one more reviewers posts for her and Michelle Branch and all the other ordinary music like this , I 'll yell ! It 's as predictable as the music itself . Oh and David Anderson , the Pullizer is on its way , Rolling Stone should be contacting you with a job offer any time.Of course its your right to like this album , I mean there are many out there who worship Barry Manilow . But do n't you want some originality in your life ? If you put this on and your grandma puts her teeth back in to sing along , as she will , because its like the `` old days '' , you got some reflecting to do !
 Siempre lo mismo DIDONo hay nadie como Christina Aguilera
 My God , what happened to Dido ? I love No Angel to death but I ca n't bear listening to this CD . Gone are the mesmerizing rhythms found in Do n't Think of Me and I 'm No Angel . Every song on here is the exact same . It 's as if she 's speaking with some -LRB- entirely too heavy -RRB- background beats humming along . There are no ups and downs to her voice . If it was n't for the fact that words are spoken at different speeds , you can imagine her chanting the lyrics . I ca n't believe this is Dido has to offer after these years . Hopefully her next album is better . I will be waiting .
 Quite what we did to deserve Dido is anyone 's guess , but she certainly does n't seem to be going anywhere , as housewives everywhere flock to buy every dull , inoffensive dirge she spews out.What is this record like ? I 'd compare it to gruel , the slop served in Oliver . Or grey wallpaper in an old classroom . Or that brown wrapping paper you put parcels in . Bland , boring and very , very tedious . Perfect for a suicide attempt , but would you really want Dido to be the last thing you 'd ever hear?Exactly . No point buying this , then . Move along.The_Curmudgeon_Hates_You@yahoo.co.uk
 Hi all , this singing from this weeny morose negativ broad is beyond ac ceptance.Really , in life when people have the problems they visit a shrink or sycollogist , not do they make CDs.This is really the truce , very bad music.Allison Knockers
 I received this CD as a gift from my boyfriend a few months ago and while I thought the songs were nice , I was n't completely blown away . Everything was a little TOO loungey and where were the dance tunes?I would n't go see Dido in concert because I probably would just fall asleep after the fifth song or so . She does n't have the voice to capture your attention and keep it for very long .
 The singing secretary return with more everyday tales of ... I 'm not sure what she 's singing about as I ca n't concentrate for long enough . Next time I 'm being operated on , I 'll ask for this instead of gas . In the corporate music factories of the world , they remove emotion from music to make it more palatable to the masses ; Dido must save them a lot of time and effort as she comes already emo-lite . Let 's hope she settles down and starts a family soon as it is clear that music is her hobby , not her passion .
 I 'm reading the good reviews but I do n't get it ... this is sleepy , dull and no `` hook '' to it . One or two good songs and thats it . Definitly not as good as the last . Her brother -LRB- Faithless -RRB- , is a genius - where is his influence on this ? If you are expecting the same `` catchiness '' and full of `` content '' as the last , you may have to really dig deep , I ca n't find it . And , I really dig her too . -LRB- Plus , this cd ? It 's everywhere in the used bins already-dirt cheap . That says something . -RRB-
 Why to release the copycat of the first , somehow original album which included some really haunting tunes -LRB- Hunter comes to mind -RRB- ? Except the leading single , each piece here is boring to death and smells cheap inspirations . I have respect for Dido at least she is a songwriter and she shows from time to time that she has talent but milking the cows with a cheap follow-up is not the best way to use that talent.I hope she tries something different hnext time -LRB- whatever that may be except a third copycat -RRB- or she will be forgotten soon in this over-speed century .
 Somewhere Between Suzanna Vega , Sarah Maclaughlin , Sinead O'Connor & Norah Jones you find Dido.She is Safe vocally & has the voice that Adult Format Radio just enjoys playing over & over again.the Material here is farily safe & does n't stray from Her Formula.She is very middle of the road already & that is n't a good thing .
 Well No Angel had passion and some nice delivery aside its occasional snooze that still left it well rounded and with deffinate appeal . This album just has no guts . Dido needs to cut out the contemporary ... her voice seems made to compliment faster music being that it is so mellow . Dido should have done more of what her brother was doing and add some progressive house and downtempo/bass-heavy music rather then teasing us all with its likeness that goes astray . Oh well I think this is about the last chance I 'll give Dido so forget it . This album is a spark that catches no fire.The lyrics are also extremely dissapointing . Whine about something with more then personal love and trust issues ... this is so selfish by its introvert and narrow coherency . Why not cry about how cruel the world is to eachother and `` how and what can be done and what you can do to better it ? '' !!!! Laugh at what I said all you want but how often do you hear people talking about what possitivity , creativity and discipline they posses ? Does anyone think of more then thier life of victimhood ?!?!?!
 As an ardent fan of Dido 's debut album , I was very much looking forward to her next studio album . After such a powerful first , however , I was a bit concerned that she would hit that second-album slump that seems to strike so many musicians . Sadly , that 's what happened with Life for Rent.Put plainly , most of the songs on No Angel combined solid -LRB- or even interesting -RRB- musical textures with lyrics that were variously biting , tender , introspective , and even poetic , sung in Dido 's nuanced , but still very accessible voice.Life for Rent seems to fail everywhere No Angel succeeded . The beats , guitars , and synthesized music in Life for Rent have largely been stripped down , but the result is a generic austerity . If the music had been simplified to further showcase Dido 's voice , that would have been fine -- if Dido 's voice were worth listening to on this album . Here we come to the most frustrating aspect of these songs
 I must admit that I love Dido 's voice . It is elegant and pretty and her British accent sounds very sweet and naive , but besides that , I honestly hate this album.At first , I 'll admit , I really liked it . It had the catchy beats of `` No Angel '' , but it got old really , really fast . Within 3 or 4 days of buying it , I gave it -- yes , GAVE it -- away to my best friend.The reasons ? It 's all the same ! Dido has done nothing new , she could 've called this album `` No Angel For Sale -LRB- Again -RRB- '' instead of `` Life For Rent . '' The songs , `` See You When You 're 40 '' , `` Stoned '' , `` See the Sun '' , and all the others , are very FLAT > What I mean is -LRB- UNLIKE songs like `` Hunter '' and `` All You Want '' from `` No Angel '' -RRB- the song 's plot does n't build , Dido has the same emotion and keeps explaining the same old points about the cliche situation throughout the whole song . No excitement , no tension . You can predict how the song will turn out from the first word to the last , simply because you 've heard it all before in every other mainstream song out there.PLUS , it sounds like Dido has NO VOCAL RANGE , which is n't true , because she sang quite high AND low on `` No Angel '' . The songs all seem to be sung in the same 3 , middle-of-the-staff notes . It gets dreadfully tiring and makes me sleepy.My advice ? If you love Dido 's voice , get `` No Angel '' . The sound is n't much different from this album , but the lyrics are more interesting and the songs are stories that have a beginning , a middle , and -- more often than not ! -- a surprise ending .
 Its so sad that an artist like Dido , mildly pleasant but ultimately bland and MOR , has to be the mainstream reprasentative of what was the greatest musical movement of the 90s -LRB- and , yes , I have n't forgotten grunge -RRB- . Portishead , Massive Attack , Faithless and DJ Shadow blaze the way for intelligent dance music , chilled , slowed hip-hop and that kind of mood music , and then Dido , assisted by brother Rollo from Faithless makes the formula a housewive 's favourite by combining it with bland `` adult pop '' and safe , flavourless arrangements . OK , so No Angel was a nice enough album , but Life For Rent just stretches the point . Why does this kind of thing have to clog up the charts rather than some new , original music pushing through ?
 There are some really beautiful vocals on this CD but there are also some really dull vocals and the entire feel of the track just loses it for me . I liked the White Flag vocals but found the hook a little wimpy conceptually . It was an overplayed concept . The songs do not stay in my head or inspire me after the CD is done and I do not have the urge to put it back on again .
 Didnt listen much to Dido but fell in love with ` White Flag ' on the radio ... She has some great lyrics , and alot of her songs have very catchy tunes . -LRB- 1 -RRB- White Flag , -LRB- 6 -RRB- Dont Leave Home , -LRB- 7 -RRB- Who Makes You Feel , -LRB- 11 -RRB- See the Sun . Anyway , hope you enjoy it ... I sure do ; -RRB-
 The only good song on this CD is `` White Flag '' . The rest of the songs are unpleasant to say the least and not what I expected from Dido . Her vocals are anemic and at times almost impossible to hear even when the volumn is turned up . I tried listening to the CD more than once in hopes that it would grow on me but instead it became more annoying and I put the CD in my charity pile to give away .
 Or is the girl outstandingly over rated . From my estimation her voice is dull , monotonous , tedious and samish . Unfortunately I feel the same about her penmanship , her songs are morose and are so similair in nature that they bleed into each other . I find the sentiment behind them worryingly self indulgent too and suspect that this may be at the root of her mass appeal . I for one one am waiting only for her bubble to burst so she will go away !
 Give it up , Dido ... It 's been done before , and much better ... Her name is Sarah McLachlan - by the way , do n't try so hard to copy her mesmerizingm haunting voice cause it just DOESNT WORK !!!
 So sorry , but I despise this album . The songs are boring and meaningless . OK , White Flag & Who Makes You Feel are gd , but the rest is true s ** t. Sorry if u like it , but its my opinion.Top 5 albums I own :1 . The Miseducation Of - Lauryn Hill2 . The Diary Of - Alicia Keys3 . Songs In A Minor - Alicia Keys4 . The College Dropout - Kanye West5 . The Very Best Of - Prince -LRB- havent heard his new album yet ! -RRB- Dido is pretty much 1 of the worst albums I own.rating
 I only have webtv and not a computer.The sound clips I 've heard from different companies -LRB- AMAZON INCLUDED -RRB- are SO BRIEF , I really do n't get to hear enough of the song to rate it.I realize you ca n't play the WHOLE THING ! , but you could play ONE MINUTE where I could really hear enough to actually RATE the song.I WILL say AMAZON 'S sound quality is better than most but they are JUST AS STINGY as all the others!What FEW seconds I heard were good I guess but it was n't nearly LONG ENOUGH ... SHAME ON YOU ! My rating of 2 stars is for it 's briefness.I 'm sure if I could hear ENOUGH , it would have been a 5 !
 I tried to listen to this CD once , but all the songs sounded the same , and it was all just sad and whiny . So whiny . Do yourself a favor and checkout `` No Angel '' .
 A more accurate name for this highly overrated popstar is Dild0 . She has the most monotonous , idiotic , and british accented voice ever . The first single , White Flag , represents this entire mess easily . I would reccomend that only people who like Modest Mouse invest in this british crap.and the grand total rating ... 0 stars !
 Its Jan 6 2004 . In my original post in November 2003 - 460 ACTUALLY PRESSED the `` was not helpful '' button . Is this a record for a review ? Im glad though , meant you read it before pressing that button . Or did you , as open minds and Dido do n't really go together , or do they ? Some of the fawning reviews after bear me out completely.Shame on people who mark their `` fav '' album by putting each track and marking it 10/10 ! Did you listen to it first before you decided to tell the world that the wonderful Dido ... was the bestest , beautifulest , yummiest CD ever in the history of CDs . Its not , not many are lets face it!A couple queried why Faithless is mentioned , one even said it wasnt relevent as its completely different music . Well in one way you are right , Faithless are a good band , producing challenging talented music . Everything Dido is not . But , duh , Rollo who is in Faithless is her brother . Also she sings on their albums occasionally and he plays on hers . That , in my book , is a pretty clear connection . In an interview in Q Magazine this week , she has indicated again she want to be on the next Faithless album to sing on a track , and she 'll do it for nothing . Lordy , that is one Faithless track ruined them!This , people , is still coffee table music , its your lives . If you are happy with Dido , Celine Dion and Sade drabness then fine . I 'd recommend getting the new Tori Amos collection , there lies true greatness in song and lyric ... it puts Life For Rent where it should be , second by a mile .
 She just goes on and on and on . Could somebody ask her to stop and get on with her life ! A middle class dancing queen from Islington , a role-model for all those nice 30-somethings working in the City , who really always wanted to work in the music industry - because it is so hip and because they 've once learned to play the piano - but never actually had the courage to as it is so very difficult to give up the lifestyle . And Financial Times . And the prospect of a banker-husband . So now they buy this cd instead . Safe and booooring .
 Having an epically successful debut is always good , but is extremely stressful when the artist comes around to record another album . This is the case for Dido , who almost disappeared into the discount bins with her debut album , until Eminem sampled her song on `` Stan '' and launched her into multi-platinum status , so much so that No Angel became the best selling album for a British female artist ever , which is a big feat considering the fact that Britain is home to many legendry divas such as Annie Lennox.No Angel catered to an era thriving for the chill-out mood turning clubs into lounges . Hits such as `` Here With Me '' and `` Thank You '' have become staples of this decade . This sophomore effort , Life For Rent , is the ultimate test that will determine if Dido has the stuff of a legend.Life For Rent opens with the single `` White Flag , '' which has already become a video favorite , featuring David Boreanaz , of Angel fame , as her love interest . The song meanders between average and bland.The album is no exception as other tracks drift into acoustic mildness and low-tempo dreariness , like the very indifferent `` See You When You 're 40 '' and the aptly titled `` Stoned . `` The only highlights of this full-lengther are the optimistic `` Sand In My Shoes '' and the tasty closer `` See The Sun . `` Life For Rent starts with a determination to create melodic mysticism but ends up delivering middle-of-the road dullness .
 I will be one of the few who writes a negative review for this album , and I consider myself a Dido fan . Her debut album was wonderful . Therefore , I expected some great new stuff in this one . There is very little to none at all . No new ideas , no experimentation , no pushing the limits , not variety . Great filler material but nothing compared to her first work . Welcome to the world of commercial success , where you have to push creativity aside to keep the dough flowing . Dido decided to play it safe and remain very Dido'esque on this one . Yes , she is original ; yes , she has special sound , but too much of it twice in a row gets a bit boring . Some nice Dido-like tunes , but no serious work here . Move along . Even the hyped White Flag is nothing special . Do yourself a favor and get it for $ 1 at iTunes .
 Unfortunately , Dido like many other artists , for whatever reason , did n't stay with the production team and co-songwriters that helped her build `` No Angel '' . She should have called them in to help her create the new one . `` Life for Rent '' lacks any strong melodic substance . Lyrically , I do n't have much to criticize . However , there are few if any good ` hooks ' that one might find oneself singing along to . Each song starts with a tone or feeling and generally stays at or on the same tone or feeling throughout the remainder of the song . I do n't detect any sort of hunger or passion to move the tone in either a happy or sad direction
 I 'm very disappointed . I had such hopes for this album -- I was infatuated with No Angel , Dido 's first CD , when it came out . There were so many songs that had me addicted to her voice and melodies ... But if you 're hoping for another `` Here With Me , '' `` Do n't Think Of Me '' or `` Take My Hand , '' you wo n't find it on Life For Rent.These songs seemed very lifeless to me . `` White Flag '' is dreamy enough for my tastes , but the other songs bored me , even the first time through . `` Mary 's In India '' seems unfinished , or somehow under-constructed . Songs like `` See You When You 're 40 '' and `` This Land Is Mine '' are bland and similar-sounding . In fact , many songs on this album sound alike ; not in a cohesive way , but in a tedious one.I really wanted to like this album , but it just is n't very worthy .
 There are reasons behind my disliking of Dido . I 've only heard her radio hits , I would n't aspire to the whole album , but presumably they are the best songs . It 's not like I 've heard one song and ripped her off , I have actually listened to at least ten of her songs , about 100 times each , due to drastic overplaying.Firstly she does n't really have a voice . Lets just step back for a minute , and listen to some Aretha Franklin or Chaka Khan . Now they have voices . Dido talks , in a dull , dreary tone that never ceases . Someone needs to tell her she can actually change the note instead of this lazy droning.Secondly , the lyrics are very depressing . And I mean VERY depressing . Her videos are dull and depressing . She makes Nirvana seem cute . But why ? Why is this millionaire pop singer making lyrics about surrendering , going down with the ship , waving the white flag ? She might aswell do death metal . Her next album could be on the theme of cutting your wrists , or capping yourself with a shotgun and not making a mess , or at least something mellow for all the little 12 year olds.In a nutshell , she is grey . She sounds grey . She looks grey . Her music is grey . If you like this greyness your name must be Norman . If not , do yourself a favour and get rid of Dido 's suicidal dribble .
 I do n't usually get worked up about music and pretty much have a live and let live attitude . I can live with teenie stuff like Busted and Britney as it 's clear that they 're aimed squarely at kids . But Dido ? This is classic coffee table music for the bland and the passionless . If it was a colour it would be beige . It 's music for accountants.Some reviewers have called it a great/fine ` sophomore ' effort . Soporific more like . Dido is the one female artist who makes the Corrs sound like L7 her music is that insipid .
 I was very dissappointed with Life for Rent.I purchased Life for Rent hoping that it would be another No Angel but willing to accept a more dancier album . With recent singles such as ` One Step Too Far ' and Rollo working on the project I incorrectly assumed that the music would be driving.Nothing wrong with her music , I was more dissappointed because it was n't what I thought it would be . Now I have a CD I opened and ca n't return . I doubt I will ever listen to it again.On a side note , I hope some of Europe 's leading DJ/Producers get her in the studio because her voice is perfect for a dance remix . Not the soulful housey kind , but the dark techno type .
 I give it one star for one good song ! What a disappointment from her last albume .
 I felt all the songs on this album sounded the same . Not very Rootsy , I was knid of disappointed . I really enjoy listening to Israel Vibes but would not recommend this one .
 After listening to `` So This Is Goodbye '' and `` Begone Dull Care '' , I realized that this debut feels like a preparation for them . Do n't get me wrong , I really like their work ; the problem is the difference of quality between this debut and the other albums
 I know this got rave reviews from the professionals but I just could ' t get in to it . I listened 4 times and tried hard . Not enough melody I guess . I like electronica but this one did n't make sense to me . I 'll put it on my shelf for a rainy day and try again sometime .
 Kenton had a few good albums in the 1970s and this is n't one of them . In fact , this is perhaps the weakest due to the material and the performances . The band is extremely sloppy -LRB- especially the trumpet section -RRB- , the saxes are under-recorded , and everyone , including Kenton , sounds like they ca n't wait for it all to be over . You might feel the same way after a listen.I have this CD because I 'm a Kenton completist , but there are some worthwhile moments , like `` Body and Soul '' -LRB- that 's completely out of place on this record -RRB- , and Peter Erskine lays down a nice groove behind the trumpet solo on `` Blue Gene . '' `` Being Green '' would 've been a nice dramatic chart if not for the embarrassing , monotone group vocal ... just try and concentrate on the flugelhorn solo in the background of the middle eight.Fans of rockish stage band charts will like this album , but put purists be warned .
 I got this as a gift because I enjoy Stan 's work . What a bummer . Any true Kenton fan knows that when Rugolo and Maynard left , Kenton never had original stuff anymore , and this album was an attempt to make another ill-advised come-back . If you like Kenton , get the Progressive Jazz albums cut before 1950 .
 Okay , this set really deserves 5 stars -- the music is fantastic , the booklet is awesome . BUT
 It only comes to show you , read the fine print ... I bought this with high hopes I was getting the movie . But all it is , is the soundtrack to the movie , and I thought it was the movie because it said DVD -LRB- of course it the word audio under it , in real small print -RRB- on it , but it 's just an audio version of the movie . It does have photos , that are modified , with horrible quality , and it also has the lyrics to the songs , but I could n't figure out how to get the screen to go down to read the full text of the lyrics . I am diffenitly taking this back to get a refund . . I have seen the movie before , and I really like it , but I can not endorse this product due to the fact it is very deceptive , and they even put it in the video section at the place I bought it . I just thought I would warn ya 'll about it ...
 I bought this set with hope and excitement , knowing that not only was I hearing a great band exit on top , but also a great singer and songwriter in his prime . And what does he get ? That 's right , one song . That 's right - I 'm talking about Neil Diamond . It seems a bit of a waste to invite the man and hardly use him . After all , how much did the Band liberally borrow from Mr. Diamond ? I do n't think I 'm a fool for suggesting that `` The W.S. Walcott Medicine Show '' owes more than a little to `` Brother Love 's Travelling Salvation Show '' . Until Rhino sees fit to include more Neil -LRB- and I do n't mean Young -RRB- , I wo n't be buying this . I do n't care if he only played one song at the concert , add a practice take or something.One final thought
 If you like the music on these CDs .
 Of course , the music for this concert CD rates a `` 5 '' , but with the remastered version out , this version -LRB- pre-2002 -RRB- is shown to be very limited in its fidelity . I own this and just heard the remastered version -LRB- 2003 , 2-CD set -RRB- and I am blown away by the high quality of the remastered Last Waltz . If you love The Band and The Last Waltz concert , the difference in sound quality of the remastered CD is worth the expenditure .
 Is there anything more sanctimonious than filming your last concert and inviting a bunch of fellow overrated hacks -LRB- Clapton , Neil Diamond , Joni Mitchell -RRB- to the occasion , as if it 's some monumental event ? Please ! As if the Band were anything worthwhile in the first place . Sorry , but the whole concept of a bunch of Canadians -LRB- well , four of five anyway -RRB- writing this stuff about Americana always came across to me as pretentious -- and it does n't get much worse than that stupid shot of Levon Helm wheezing through `` The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down . `` These guys were just the beneficiaries of Rolling Stone/elitist rock critic propaganda . -LRB- And to think they made fun of prog bands for writing inane lyrics -- huh ! -RRB- I think Martin Newell put it best when he called the Band `` dreadful bearded ghastliness . ''
 The reason for my disappointment is that I thought I was buying the video of the last waltz and not just a CD with pictures . It is way to pricey for just a CD . The music is great though.However , the product was delivered before the due date and was in great condition . I would buy again from Amazon but this time I will know what it means when they say DVD - Audio
 more ambient less musical.Music to sleep by with a small groove .
 I recorded this albumb live from the BBC when it was broadcast . The quality of the recording was fantastic with very good stereo image . This album is the same broadcast but the quality is very poor compared to the original . There is no stereo image.The clapping has been overdubbed in stereo to give it the appearence of a live stereo broadcast but its not . Its a mono recording and the quality is very poor . Sounds like it was a bootleg done on a cassette player . Very poor . ! I hope somebody somewhere has a original copy of the broadcast in stereo . It really was fantastic .
 This CD would be great to do pilates to , or maybe to use as a coaster to keep the water rings off the furniture . . wait I know it would be great to play in a dentist office , yeah thats it a dentist 's office . I am of fan of electronica in most of its many manifestation . but this sounds like a moderately skilled 12 year old with a Toys-Are-Us keyboard . As far as I am concerned it is strictly hack work .
 the music is great but the band took the cheap way out and used cdr 's so the disc skips in just about every song . save your money and try to find the import .
 After listening to `` So This Is Goodbye '' and `` Begone Dull Care '' , I realized that this debut feels like a preparation for them . Do n't get me wrong , I really like their work ; the problem is the difference of quality between this debut and the other albums
 I know this got rave reviews from the professionals but I just could ' t get in to it . I listened 4 times and tried hard . Not enough melody I guess . I like electronica but this one did n't make sense to me . I 'll put it on my shelf for a rainy day and try again sometime .
 Whitney Houston 's decline as a diva is astounding . It 's hard to believe that she once rivaled only Madonna in terms of album sales . Unfortunately , that was a long time ago in a far away land . A dozen years and a turbulent marriage later , the Whit has found herself upstaged by younger , flashier singers . I saw the video to this single when I was on vacation last week , and to tell you the truth , Whitney has never looked better onscreen in years . But the song itself is a flat throwback to her big ballad days of the mid 1980s , and her vocal delivery sounds restrained . I ca n't see how anyone could give this five stars . Anyone with a discerning ear and with any knowledge of Whitney 's prior work can agree that she 's done MUCH better than this . I 'm hoping that she can someday get it together and turn her career around , but I 'm not sure if I should be holding my breath anymore . Normally , I 'd end this review by using some cute catchphrase . But I ca n't think of one right now , so I 'll stop here .
 The Lettermen are one of my all-time favorite groups , but in this collection , EMI Philippines tried to put28 songs in one CD , the dynamics of the tracks werecompressed too much , I have cassettes of the Lettermenwith better dynamic audio than this one . They shouldhave released this on two CDs . If you do n't believeme spend your money and buy this and you 'll start toappreciate cassette technology of years gone by !
 the sound tracks were poorly done and the resulting sound was distorted would not buy this type of cd again from the same producers . this is the first time in years of buying that we have gotten an unsatisfactory prodict
 I love this cd If you like Evenescence you will like this one .
 And I had to wait how long ?! Fallen was amazing , touching , and inspirational . I listened to many of the songs on that album 100s of times . I searched and found every other song Evanescence ever released and listened to those too . I went to two of their concerts . More than one of their songs has brought me to tears . In many of those songs it seems as though Amy was compelled to expose her deepest feelings through song under pain of death . She sang her heart out , you could hear it in her voice , you could hear the feeling . No song on `` The Open Door '' asks to be listened to more than once . There is no energy , there is no emotion , there is only a bland , predictable , and absolutely `` perfect studio '' Evanescence sound . AAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGH !
 I love how all the kiddies think this band is so original and fresh and oh so mysterious.Ha ha ! Maybe if i 'd been glued to Empty V absorbing their teen pap and commercial hippity hop crap and emo puke punk pap core all day and a vid by this mall core goth wan na be band came on I 'd think I was , but fortunately for myself , that 's not the case . Take off your training wheels brats and go find some music with real power . I saw one post on here where the idiot said those who do n't like this band are tone deaf -LRB- what , are Evanescence the only band in this goth oriented genre -LRB- rolls eyes -RRB- with a female singer ? How many bands in the goth dark/wave etc. genres have you heard to make that assumption , clown ? People scared of dark music and scary poems ha ha.I certainly do n't find Evanescence dark or scary at all . She does try hard , but I can understand you teeny boppers being so enraptured with her because you are largely uninformed and I really have to wonder what other dark oriented bands you have heard so far but I can sure guess . Let 's see La Cuna Coil , Within Temptation , Nightwish ? Putting Amy Lee on the level of a opera soprano makes me chuckle as well . Diamanda Galas would easily devour her , years of experience and well ahead of her in vocal use and invention . I do n't think the idiot reviewer knows any dark music much if he uses this band as criteria to judge dark music oriented bands.Get out of the mall and go check out some Swans albums like Greed/Holy Money for example or The Great Annihilator album , for example . The female vocalist of the group Jarboe , was doing this schtick years before little Amy came along . Amy is n't the first or the most original thing I 've ever heard doing this kinda music . The Gathering was doing this years before too . All I ever hear is kids comparing Evanescence with La Cuna Coil and Nightwish and that other crap , which tells me they do n't know much about what they 're talking about to make such pronouncements.If it was n't for bands like Dead Can Dance in the first place , EVANUISANCE would n't be around . I posted two stars for the laugh factor .
 I 've purchased hundreds of CDs from Amazon , and read probably thousands of reviews . I 've never written my own . That being said , this album definitely deserves it.There are times in a band 's life where the band must grow - musically , emotionally , politically ... it all really depends on the band . Most bands suffer from a poor sophomore release because they 've spent their lives working on that first CD , and then get only a year or two to work on the next . Many bands that hit this sophomore wall are great bands that eventually fail , because they ca n't live up to the success of their first album . Those that survive typically have to grow a little.With Evanescence , they lost two influential band members . Significantly , their music writer . Ben Moody used to write the music , and then he 'd come to Amy Lee , who would then write the vocals . Their inspiration was gothic piano music , which they would then throw heavy drums and guitars all over to create and ethereal , dark , heavy sound . It was amazing.Ben did n't write the music for this CD . That much is painfully evident . Perhaps their new guitarist from Cold wrote some of it . Other reviews here might lead you to that.But the simple truth is that this band did not grow - they changed through the acquisition of new band members and the losses of others . This is not the same band that it once was.You wo n't see many radio singles from this CD . Because there are n't really any . The list of good tracks on this CD is limited to three or perhaps four , whereas almost every song on Fallen was great . I 'll give you my opinion , but please form your own . The good tracks are
 The result is musically dull melodrama with nothing to give it worth other than Amy 's fabulous voice . Considering how good `` Fallen '' was and how long fans had to wait for the second release , this is a huge disappointment . Because , bad songs , bad sound and bad product . That 's not OK.I suspect the change in line-up has a lot to do with this ; the real musician/songwriter obviously left the band . I suspect that this is the last we will ever hear from Evanesence . Hopefully , Amy Lee will do better with her next project .
 I loved Evanescence 's first album Fallen and their previously unreleased album Origin . My biggest fear since being a fan in the early days was that their fame would have them churning out sub standard music . And now that 's happened . This album is ok . It 's not terrible but it 's lacking the soul that they used to have . This feels like a mass produced album to make money rather than a heart felt musical expression .
 `` The Open Door '' is one of those albums that you really try to like , but I obviously ca n't take it . Amy Lee 's vocals are deeply personal , but sometimes a little too personal . It seems like this album mostly showcases her break-up . Also , there are n't enough rocking tracks . The only two I noticed are `` Call Me When You 're Sober '' -LRB- which I am getting sick to death of hearing on the radio -RRB- , and `` Sweet Sacrifice '' . If you want an awesome female goth band , I definitely suggest Lacuna Coil , The Gathering , or Queenadreena .
 This really feels like an Amy Lee solo effort to me . It doesnt seem like a band effort at all . What was so great about Fallen was it was a great collaboration of band members . The guitar work was impressive , the vocals , background vocals , and the song writing , music , everything . It wasnt all done by one person . I think Amy Lee decided she was going to become Evanescence . Expect to see more revolving band members as time goes on . The rest of the group are like backup now . Now what does all this mean for the CD ? It means there are definatly some good songs here , but a lot of VERY bad ones . Had Amy had all great songs to work with here , probably the solo mentality wouldnt have mattered as much . But it had a great affect on this CD . I am sure Ben left because he wanted his lead singer to have her way . And I am sure there is more to William Boyd leaving the band , you just didnt hear about it . You think someone is going to leave a band this popular just because of touring issues ? I dont think so , there was more conflict here . Anyway , there are 5 great songs on this CD , a couple that arent bad but just do n't quite catch my fancy . The WORST thing is , and where the other missing 3 stars are are the BAD half a dozen songs that never should have even been put on the CD!The Great
 Upon receiving this CD in the mail I was anxiously awaiting to hear this long awaited sequel to `` Fallen . '' The first two tracks were good ! `` Call Me If You 're Sober '' is definitely one of the best from this band . Unfortunately , the tracks after it are not so good . `` Fallen '' had a very smooth flow to all of the tracks , yet each song had its own distinct sound . Not true with this CD . Tracks 3 through 13 sound all too much alike . It is about an hour of the same guitar riffs and Amy Lee 's screeching . It was n't long before I got a headache and had to take a break at track 10 or so . This glass-shattering CD lacked the cool theme and distinctness of their original album .
 This album lacks all of the heart-wrenching emotion of the first one . The whole thing seems forced and unnatural ; I am truly disappointed ; my apologies , Amy .
 Who could forget about their debut album?Smash hits like `` My Immortal '' and `` Bring Me To Life '' were brought to the light by the Daredevil movie . From then on , the hits kepts on coming with the likes of Going Under and Holding My Last Breath ... in short , `` Fallen '' was excellent . `` The Open Door '' does n't even compare . Long gone are the power melodies and soul touching lyrics . The songs are just plain and bland . The only songs that I thought were fairly decent were `` Lithium '' and `` Like You '' . If I had to rate the other songs out of 10 , none would score over a 5 . It strikes me deep to say that `` The Open Door '' was a disappointment .
 Alanis does the woman scorned bit better . Songs are all on the same keel ; no variety . Lost power and originality this time around.Anyone want a slightly used CD ?
 The opening riff of `` Even in Death '' is a direct rip-off of the riff in Rob Zombie 's song on the Beavis and Butthead movie soundtrack -LRB- you know , the music to Beavis ' trip in the desert -RRB- . I do n't mean it sounds kind of like it , I mean it IS it . Shame on you , Amy . Quit trying to sound like a cheap imitation of all the great female fronted bands from Europe and quit ripping other people off . If Evanescence is your introduction to this kind of music do yourself a favor and check out The Gathering , Within Temptation , After Forever , Beseech -LRB- incidentally , Evanescence 's logo looks suspiciously similar to theirs -RRB- , Amaran , Epica , Nightwish , Asrai , To-Mera , Theatre of Tragedy , Leaves ' Eyes , Elis , Edenbridge , Drain STH , Collide , Tapping the Vein , Draconian , Stream of Passion , Ambeon , Ayreon ... and that 's just a start . Once you 've heard all these bands I think you 'll agree that Evanescence is only the tip of a much better iceberg .
 Only one star because 0 is not an option . Hmmm , Lets see here ! An Over-emotional , whining , drama queen front person backed by a tragically unimaginative NU-Metal band . Why is everything she sings sound like whining . I actually owned Fallen and there were a few choice tracks on it , but it was the long winded , drawn out , sanity peircing vocals that forced me to throw it away , could n't even give it away . The same goes for The open Door . The direction may be a little bit different but its just as bad , only now she sings multiple tracks over herself which kinda gives the impression that if she was any more full of herself , there would be 100 of her . Not to mention the fact that just one vocal track was annoying enough . So , as the cover suggests , Magical Mysterious Commercial Goth Queen enters a huge magical smokey doorway to Narnia , Someone should close and lock the door behind her ! Enough already !
 She has a killer voice and backed up with the real world passion of her origional back was a match made in heaven . This new thrown together corporate money grabber depends on the briliance of Amy 's voice to sell it . Just another example of hype for the masses . This album has no teeth . It makes great mall/elevator music though .
 Fallen was a very strong album -- heck , I was hooked halfway through hearing the first single on the radio . And there were a couple strong songs since -LRB- Broken and Missing come to mind -RRB- . On this one , Call Me When You 're Sober and Lithium are strong but overall this album lacks the depth and spirit of Evanescence 's first offering.I 'm not sure if it 's the lack of a male vocalist , or the loss of the influence on the songwriting that killed this album . I 'd rather listen to Hungry Lucy , Within Temptation , or of course Fallen than this .
 perhaps my harsh judgment of this release is accented by the enduring excellence of Evanescence 's first full length release , ` Fallen , ' but it is difficult to play down my initial and immediate disappointment after hearing ` The Open Door ' for the first time.while ` Sweet Sacrifice ' makes an ok intro , i was immediately struck by its mainstream , overworked angst and its uninspired , harsh-sounding riffs and arrangements that seem wanting for innovation . nor did it do much to highlight what , in my mind , is the biggest strength of Amy Lee 's formidable vocal arsenal
 I 'm going to go against the grain here and say that I 'm disappointed in the new direction the band is headed . There , I said it . This will probably rub alot of other Evansesence fans the wrong way and get me negative reviews , but I figure honesty is the best policy . I pre-ordered this album since Fallen was one of my favorite CDs -- nearly every track on that album ended up in my favorite playlist . After listening to `` The Open Door '' , none of them come across as favorites that I can listen to over and over.Gone is the growling drive of the electric guitars . In fact , the guitars in `` The Open Door '' are much softer and tamer . I do n't even hear the bass in the drum so the overall sound is very high pitched . I think this does n't suit the sound very well , since the guitars were the main source of bass in `` Fallen '' , and acted as an anchor of lower sound that complimented Amy Lee 's vocals . There is a quality of `` shrillness '' to her voice that can be a bit overwhelming if you 're not used to it , and `` The Open Door '' seems to turn up the knob on her vocals moreso than before to the point where the entire album seems focused on her vocals alone . I think your enjoyment of `` The Open Door '' will depend largely on if you 're a big fan of Amy 's vocals.Along with change in the balance of sound , the pacing of the songs has slowed down . Most of the songs on `` The Open Door '' have a ballad feel to them . The phrasing kind of seems all over the place too , with what feels like arbitrary chord changes that ramble vs. something more intentional and streamlined.In the interview , Amy talks about how in `` Lithium '' , she tries to break free from her sorrow that she loved so much and that was the source of a lot of her writing . Also , that `` Good Enough '' was her way of coming to peace with herself . While I respect her personal and artistic journey tremendously , I think this does affect the sound of this new album , which is not as angry , not as black and dark as the first .
 Fallen is IMO one of the best albums ever -- a rare one where I find all the tracks enjoyable . I 'm still far from fully understanding why I do n't like The Open Door nearly as much , but there 's one thing I noticed , and that 's that I have to strain to understand what Amy Lee is singing . This is probably a major part of it . In Fallen I could enjoy the words , and I could enjoy her voice . In The Open Door it 's all somehow drowned , by either the music or the effects , or at times it just seems she 's whispering . In Fallen her voice was also overlayed with stuff , but at least she seemed to make an effort to rise above it , or perhaps whoever edited it seemed to realise that her voice should be heard .
 I waited patiently for years and finally they put out a new album . I was a huge fan of these guys because i believed `` Fallen '' was a great album . When their guitarist left i thought it was a big deal because his lyrics and musical contribution itself was a big part of this band . But the guitarist of Cold , another fav band of mine , took his place . So i thought at least they found a good replacement . But when i heard the new single i was somewhat disappointed , it was okay but it still wasnt even as good as the worst song off of `` Fallen '' . This new album is different from the last one and you can feel the emptiness in the music without the old guitarist . Even the new lyrics are somewhat repetitive . I thought about giving this album 1 star but at least it had 4 or 5 decent songs .
 When I first heard this album , I was disappointed . But this album has grown on me . I was disappointed because many of the lyrics seem very childish and stereotypically goth . I consider stereotypical goth lyrics to be very narrowminded , a `` it will never get better '' mentality , and your problems are everyone else 's fault . On Fallen , many of the songs had a optimistic tone . There was a sense that she was going through a rough time , but that it will get better . This album seems to completely abandon that positive mentality.It is worth it to spend the money to buy this album , but do n't expect anything billiant .
 This cd is nothing like Fallen , with the exception of maybe 2 songs . The rest of it just feels like it drags on and is just one extremely long song . If you liked Fallen , do n't get this cd !
 2003 was a breakout year for Evanescence , who saw their major label debut album Fallen sell ridiculous amounts of copies . Everyone from soccer moms and their children to homies in lowriders cruising on 22 inch rims thought that `` Bring Me To Life '' was the jam , and `` My Immortal '' became the soundtrack to the `` emotional and touching '' scenes of many films and TV shows . Certainly the band was ubiquitous , with their videos receiving incessant rotation on MTV and VH1 -LRB- probably even BET for `` Bring Me To Life '' -RRB- and all the licensing . But does that make the band any good?Let 's shed some light on Evanescence , shall we ? Evanescence is a `` band '' in the loosest sense of the word . On Fallen , singer/pianist/co-songwriter Amy Lee was always front and center , in the videos , photography , and on record - the other members were seldom ever allowed to solo or provide anything other than a background for Lee - musical wallpaper , if you will . Essentially , Evanescence could more accurately be described as Princess Amy Lee and her faceless white male friends.Now let 's look at the multi-platinum sound of Evanescence . So often the music has been tagged with the `` goth '' label , which is perhaps the most grossly misused genre label in music other than punk . For starters , goth is supposed to be bleak , dark and nihilistic - these adjectives lie in stark contrast to Evanescence 's status as a Christian Rock band . You ca n't have it both ways . If they went out there and sang `` I Could Sing Of Your Love Forever '' or `` Shout To The Lord '' or other CCM staples , they would be more convincing . The components of the Evanescence sound is instead one part Linkin Park -LRB- sterile guitar riffs Pro-Tooled to death -RRB- , one part Kelly Clarkson -LRB- extremely simple poppy hooks , similar vocal range -RRB- , and one part Sarah McLachlan -LRB- piano melodies and attempts in vain to sound ethereal -RRB- - combine that with trite lyrics that had to be pulled from a depressed 8 year old 's notebook , puree for 10 seconds and you 're good to go . Evanescence only gets the goth tag because of Lee 's fashion sense -LRB- a lot of Hot Topic shopping , also erroneously labeled as a goth shop -RRB- and the settings in their videos , including the very cheesy clip where she `` falls '' out of a building which people ate up for whatever reason . For real goth music , check out Joy Division , Fields Of The Nephilim , Sisters Of Mercy and Bauhaus , which all make Evanescence look like the hacks that they are.The release of Evanescence 's latest album , The Open Door , came about three and a half years after the release of Fallen . You 're probably asking yourself what happened in that lengthy time period . Well , former guitarist/co-songwriter Ben Moody left the band to go work with pop stars like Kelly Clarkson and Lindsay Lohan -LRB- what else would you expect from a member of a slick corporate pop group like Evanescence ? -RRB- , and was replaced by Terry Balsamo , formerly of the band Cold . Tim McCord became the band 's new bassist . Amy Lee sued her former manager , alleging sexual harassment . Finally , it 's clearly evident that Amy Lee has wolfed down thousands of bacon cheeseburgers in that time span . She really let herself go , kind of like Ann Wilson of Heart , a band who was much more of an influence on Evanescence than any goth band out there - and I 'm talking about the Heart that did `` These Dreams '' and `` Alone '' , not the Heart that did `` Barracuda '' and `` Crazy On You '' ... the Heart that did lots of overblown cheesy , melodramatic power ballads . While we 're making comparisons based on cheese , grandiosity and girth , one to Meat Loaf is n't far off either - only the songs are n't nearly as strong , structured and performed as well from both a vocal and music standpoint.Despite the personnel changes , The Open Door sounds quite similar to Fallen , with several attempts to duplicate the success of previous singles . `` Call Me When You 're Sober '' -LRB- which begins and closes with passages that sound eerily like manufactured divas like Christina Aguilera -RRB- is almost a note-for-note re-write of `` Bring Me To Life '' , only without the rapper who I guess went back to whatever Bible Belt ` hood he came from . Witness these brilliant lyrics
 I do n't like it . I try hard to digest how this group sells a lot . The tone of her heavy filtered voice is unacceptable and the compositions are totally uninspired . The repetition of nothing.Some people think that this Evanescene thing is some special kind of music , when in real there are other groups out there far superior in this genre.Try Listening to `` The Gathering '' from Holland . You will love Anneke 's haunting voice.If you have normal hearing abilities and some taste in music or even better some adequate musical education you will see what I mean.Give out your money to the best and not to the commercial super market forgetable nonsense that has been promoted by the companies .
 The tracks on this CD are so complicated and so intelligible that it requires a supercomputer just to analyze it . The Open Door simply does not make any sense . A CD is supposed to contain music . This CD is has no music on it . Maybe if we sent a radio signal of this CD to outer space we 'd get a response from E.T. . In the meantime , if you want to buy a music CD from Evanescence , get the Fallen CD .
 Bad . . same as all the other radio , pre-made cookie dough rock . I do n't know how people see the creativity in this ...
 Sadly I was really looking forward to this album , how one group could go from `` Fallen '' to this heap of manure is really suprising . First of all this is n't a gothic album , heck its not even a rock album . You could easily place Christina Aguilera 's picture on the front of this CD and sell it as her latest work without any problems.If youre a fan of pop -LRB- Britney Spears , Aguilera , Ashley Simpson etc -RRB- then try listening to a sample of it , otherwise if you have a decent taste in music steer clear of this .
 This CD is just a horrible follow up to a band that had a great unique sound . Gone is the heaviness and darkness that surrounded their first CD . Instead , it has been replaced with over the top monotone singing by Lee . It worked in the first , but let 's face it ... the music is what makes her voice good ... not the other way around . She belts out notes just fine , only there 's no excitement or anything.Average singing ... below average songwriting ... nothing catchy .
 I 've just listened to this album all day at work for the last two days . I was interested in it , however , I have to say that I do not like this album and I am mystified by it . What is one supposed to do with this album ? One can not dance to it . The lyrics do n't contain any deep insights into the human condition . The music is n't relaxing to listen to . The voice of the singer becomes tedious very quickly . The actual instrumental music sounds like dated Dinosaur Rock from the 1970s . Imagine Enya or Sarah Brightman joining Spinal Tap or Van Halen , got the picture ? Testosterone driven guitar music with a female singer with vocal pretensions , that is how I would describe Evanescence.The songs all sound rather similar and whenever the guitars come in I can imagine Queen 's smoke bombs and light show . The voice sounds overwrought and slightly hysterical - a real P.M.S. vocal technique.The be fair , Evanescence is better than a lot of the junk that passes for commercial Pop/Rock music these days -LSB- if you want to hear real junk listen to Jet 's latest album ! -RSB- , but this disc is not one I could ever imagine wanting to hear ever again . It does exhibit the limits of guitar-based music and the inability of guitar bands to really come up with anything musically new or fresh .
 For those who have n't bought the album yet and are reading these reviews to help you decide , here 's some advice . Do n't buy this album with the mindset that you are purchasing a follow up album to Fallen . You 're not . Infact if I were you I would n't walk into the store with the mindset that you 're buying Evanescence 's new cd , because although it may say Evanescence on the cover , this is not Evanescence . This is a new band with the same lead singer that still carries the same old band name.I remember reading articles about how Amy Lee had always wanted to make the music harder and how Ben Moody wanted to make it listenable , a bit more mainstream , something that EVERYONE not just the die hard heavy rock fans could enjoy . And TOGETHER they did that . They balanced each other out . Fallen was a rock album with FANTASTIC melodies that everyone could enjoy . The Open Door is not . What this album does is it appeals more to the people who did n't like Evanescence before because they thought they were too `` Poppy '' or their music was too `` Commercial '' . Since when did making an album that is actually pleasing to the ears and does n't cause migraines automatically make it poppy and commercial ? Infact the only songs on the entire album I really remotely enjoyed were the first two , Sweet Sacrifice and Call Me When You 're Sober . I like the music to Sweet Sacrifice , however the lyrics leave quite a bit to be desired . Its literally the same what 2 maybe 3 versus repeated over and over again ? Call Me When You 're Sober is good enough but it just does n't hold up to the same standards as anything on Fallen . As for Lacrymosa , it 's ok but unfortunately to me it does n't sound as good as it seemed to in the Open Door advertisement . The what is it 10 ? 15 seconds of song that plays in the background of the advertisement is THE BEST PART of the entire song . Kind of like when you see a really good preview for a movie so you think the movie is going to be good so you shell out the 10 bucks to go see it ONLY to find out that the best parts of the movie were in the previews and the movie as a whole really is n't as good as the preview portrayed . That 's Lacrymosa in a nutshell for me.With that said and with the fact that I have just admitted to moderately liking only 3 songs on the entire album , I still have to say that even those three songs do n't even REMOTELY stand up to ANY of the songs on Fallen . Not one . Infact this album is terrible in comparison . Fallen had the best of everything , the great hooks and melodies that stuck in your head , the beautiful thought prevoking -LRB- non repetitive -RRB- lyrics , the gorgeous blend of guitar riffs and piano all perfectly woven together with Amy Lee 's voice carrying it home.These songs , this entire album with the exception of the 3 above mentioned are nothing like that . These songs are for the most part either hard , angry and extremely painful to the ears to listen too OR in the case of the ballady numbers lacking of any true melody and just plain bland . Not to mention repetitive . It is just amazing to me that a new guitarist and writing partner can make such an ENORMOUS difference . Infact the very fact that this album carries the name Evanescence on it is extremely misleading because although ONE of the TWO prominent members , yes I did say TWO prominent is still in the band from the original group -LRB- as well as what ? two of the original musicians -RRB- the sound is so different it should n't even be called Evanescence anymore , because although you can still tell its Amy Lee singing , the music sounds completely different . Infact even Amy 's voice sounds different . She sounds hard and on some songs -LRB- songs that are so awful that I ca n't even remember the names because I could n't listen to them in their entirety -RRB- just plain terrible . Yes people Amy actually manages to sound terrible on this album . Where as on Fallen , she sounds like an angel . In Fallen everything fit together perfectly . The music complimented her voice and vice versa . These songs in all honesty do nothing for her and they certainly do n't do anything for me . I mean her voice gets so low at some points that she kind of sounds like a croaking man . Amy come on !! How could you do this to us ? We know what you 're capable of and its far better than this or should I say you used to be capable of far better than this.I hate to keep harping on this subject here but in all honesty , this new writing partnership just does n't sound as good as the old . I mean listen to the difference in these two albums . It 's like light and darkness . Sure Ben was n't the best quitar player out there , but the guy could create some beautiful music . Some music that with the partnership of Amy Lee was truly a joy to listen to.Now I know I 'm gon na tick some people off when I say this but to be quite honest , if The Open Door had been the first cd to come out and the band as it is TODAY , had been what arrived on the scene instead of Fallen and the Evanescence of old , I truly believe they 'd still be floating around in the underground . There 's just no way they 'd have had any of the success that they carry with them now . Success that was earned before this group became who and what it is right now . Sure the band WAS successful but that was Ben and Amy . They earned that success together . Only time will tell if this `` new '' Evanescence can be as equally successful . One thing is for sure , there are going to be some very interesting times ahead .
 Evanescence is one of those bands that the radio and MTV love to play incessantly , at any opportunity , on pretty much any format you can think of . There 's something for the soft rock stations , something that passes as Alternative , something with a little hip-hop for the Urban stations - even a few cheesy ballads that have a vague Country air about them.But does this make for good music ? Absolutely not . It 's all just unimaginative shallow pop pablum being served up to the masses . The label most often connected to Evanescence is `` Gothic '' . Last time I checked , most bands that I think of as Goth do n't play cheesy soft rock that could have been recorded by Celine Dion , and they do n't have singers that sound like they 're auditioning for some over the top Broadway show . It 's only good if you think elevator music is where it 's at.Maybe the lyrics make up for their musical shortcomings ? No , not at all . Glance at the song titles and right there you 'll know that the songs are trite -LRB- `` The Only One '' , `` Like You '' -RRB- . `` Lithium '' features its title repeated seemingly 1000 times , and Amy Lee whines about not being loved , a recurrent theme throughout the entire album . Finally , check out the horrible lyrics in the chorus of the big single `` Call Me When You 're Sober '' - `` Do n't cry to me , If you loved me , You would be here with me '' . That sounds like something out of a Hilary Duff song , and Lee sings like one of these generic pop divas , like a Christina Aguilera for instance . Do n't believe the hype
 I am really surprised this CD is popular and is selling well . As magnificant as Fallen was , is about as dissapointing as The Open Door is . Nothing on this CD is very catchy , it all runs together . Even the good songs , Sweet Sacrafice , All That I 'm Living For , Cloud Nine , etc , dont catch me ear quite the way great songs like My Immortal , Bring Me To Life , Going Under , Taking Over Me , etc. . Matter of fact , there wasnt really a bad song on Fallen . There 's plenty on The Open Door . Everything about Fallen was better then the new Open Door CD including the energy level of the music . Part of the problem is the songs , they certaintly arent as good . But I would say guitar work comes into the picture , production , and even vocals . I believe Evanescence incredible popularity has lead this CD to being a million seller , and the top 10 hit single `` Call me When Your Sober '' but I believe with all my heart that there isnt another top 10 single on this CD . I dont think it has the luster to pull it off , and I think your going to see this CD loose some momentum soon . Another mediocre CD like this will even do worse for the future of Evanescence , I think Amy should get the original band lineback together next time and work again with Ben Moody ! He had something special going on with their previous work and CDs .
 Why Ben , why ? With Moody gone , well , Evanescence just is n't good . Fallen was an absolutely incredible , 5/5 album with it 's melodic , beautiful , and haunting sounds . Amy Lee is an incredible vocalist , but she sounds the same through this whole CD , as does most of the music . Exceptions being Sweet Sacrifice -LRB- Possibly my favorite Evanescence chorus -RRB- , and Call me When You 're Sober . Those two songs are great , hence the 2/5 . Without them this album would be a 1 , or about .5 if it were possible here . It is not the same without Ben helping writing . For people expecting an album as good as or better than Fallen , well , I 'm really sorry . Just go download Sweet Sacrifice and Call Me When You 're Sober onto your ipod or MP3 player or whatever , just dont shell out the money to buy this whole CD . Just keep listening to Fallen and pray that Ben Moody comes back -LRB- though I doubt that will happen -RRB- .
 My title for this review pretty much says it all . The Open Door was a disappointing showing for Evanescence . Fallen was one of my absolute favorite cds , and I was expecting nothing less from this one . The songs were average , and the ones that were good , seemed like they came right off of Fallen . Over all , its an ok listen , but I 'd just rather listen to my old one ...
 Let me first say that I am an Evanescence fan . So it truly pains me to write this review.I ca n't believe this album took 3 years to make . I also can not believe Evanescence actually wrote this album . All the songs are generic and bland . Listen , I have all the bootleg albums . I have their demo tracks . I know that even at their worst , they can do a billion times better than what we 're presented with here . I get the distinct impression that this is nothing but a blob of corporate sputum branded with a name we love just to fulfil some inane contractual obligation . There is no soul . It is hollow . An abomination . I highly suggest you save your money . But , hey , if you like bland and generic , then you 'll probably love this album .
 When I first bought this item , I selected to have it delivered to my house in 2 days -LRB- for a little extra charge -RRB- . It did n't arrive in time for me to give it to my sister on her birthday . It came 7 days LATE !! What 's worse , they still charged me the extra fee even though it did n't show up the day they said it would . Poor service , poor delivery . Very disappointed .
 First of all , I loved Fallen . Loved it . Ben Moody And Amy fit together great , and created a sound worthy of repeat . They played off each other well , and they managed to pull off an amazing album . After hearing it , I found all their old songs from cd 's now long out of print . I LOVE their old piano ballads ! That was my feeling coming into The Open Door . I expected another grand slam.What a letdown.Now , I bought this album at the same time that I discovered The Dresden Dolls , a fabulous duo from Boston . I listened to The Open Door And The Dresden Dolls -LRB- Also the name of their album -RRB- one after the other . A month later , and I play a Dresden Dolls song AT LEAST once a day , and I hum and sing them constantly.The Open Door ? Not so much . While Amy Lee was an amazing singer -LRB- as always , -RRB- gone were the gripping lyrics and well-thought-out melodies . Just gone . When Moody left , Lee had no co-songwriter . Now the lyrics are repetitive , straight-foreward , and dull . Moody was a song-writing God to Lee 's half-put-together and half-baked lyrics . Lee could n't pull it off alone . Gone are the My Immortal 's and Going Under 's , not to mention the Bring me to Life 's . The music also took a dive . The melodies are flat , and blend into one never-ending song . When I first listened to the album , I would hear the first 15 seconds of a song and think
 I think this album is the biggest disappointment I 've yet heard . To begin with , it 's overproduced ; this means several things . For starters , it 's COMPRESSED . Whoever mixed this album took all the life out of Amy Lee 's voice . It 's not clear , crisp , or open at all . It does n't soar like it used to ; it sounds like she 's singing from behind a veil . The guitars are the same ; they 're just this slicked down , standard distorted garbage . Their tone is completely boring . They just drone on . The sad thing is , I 'm pretty sure they 're playing on Mesa units , which can sound so much more soulful than this . Then , for the overal consideration , there 's little to no instrument separation , it 's recorded fairly hot like all new recordings , and you can tell all the peaks have just been squashed to compensate -LRB- basically , high frequencies sound like they were chopped off so as not to bother people 's ears -RRB- . It 's even a little sibilant here and there.Onto the more important stuff , that most of you will get and be interested in
 This album is okay compared to Fallen . I really liked their songs which people I guess refer to as soft . I feel that the only hit they really have on this album is the sober song which has a lot of radio play now days . I would have given their Fallen album 5 stars . This one is just two , not that great .
 It does not even come close to Fallen !! True , Amy Lee 's voice is excellent , but the band itself is lost in the background . The music is so slow , lyrics good , but could use more fast music . I like only three songs on this CD and I am afraid I will not play it like Fallen . I wore out three copies of Fallen and to this day it is still one of my favorite cd 's . True , Amy Lee is beautiful and so is her voice , but what happen to the music !!!!
 Well , this new album goes to show that Ben Moody was the lifeblood of Evenescence . Moody provided the melodies , and Amy Lee wrote the lyrics and sang with excellence . Not so anymore . No Moody , no more magic.This album is a messy collection of dull , non-melodic songs , that fail to capture my interest in any way , shape , or form . The debut album was captivating -- this is mundane . Lee 's lyrics are just as good as ever , but the music is lacking something fierce . The band could n't fill the void that Moody 's absence left , unfortunately.I have been looking forward to this album for years , and I 'm extremely disappointed to say that it does VERY little for me . Great single , `` Call Me When You 're Sober '' , but other than that , the album does n't have all that much to offer . For whatever reason , the band was able to scrap together a melodic hit song , but placed it on an album full of songs that go nowhere . I 'm greatly disappointed I have to write such a review , but this is the truth about the album . Nevermind what you read on here from hyped up fans , who would like their music even if it was the worst it could possibly be . The truth is here , folks . This album is shaky , at best .
 I loved Fallen . That was a great CD , still is . I 'm not entirely sure why but I just did n't like The Open Door very much .
 Item received promptly . I have played the CD both on my home theatre system and in my automobile . The songs are great but poor recording quality.thank you for the opportunity to review the product .
 this album is worst ever produced , and this album no where near better then the first.full of poor pitty me feelingif this best this artist produces then the best days are behind them
 Heavy ? Dark ? Rock ? Sensual ? Evanescence and Shakira are the same thing
 Just as empty and generic as their previous album . Decided to give it a listen because of some insane impulse to give this band another chance . I said it once and I 'll say it again
 KUDOS ! to the worst band on the planet , for releasing another album . What took them so long to give us another album . With such brilllent song writing and musicans , I can see why it took them long to collabrate these tracks . What a waste of studio time . When I previewed this a thought < YAWN > i cant continue , I am getting very sleepy ... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
 I REALLY wish I had read the comments before purchasing.Having been a fan since `` Fallen '' , I thought that maybeI would enjoy another great album . I love Amy Lee ` svoice ... Well this one was `` the WORST music I have everheard . `` The loud `` Metalica like music '' is all you hear . You can nothear a word of what Amy Lee is saying in her lyrics.Every single song is just awful.I am SO disappointed .
 Well I hate to say it , this CD stinks it feels like one long song.I had really high hopes for this CD , I tried liking it but could n't . Hmm maybe next time they 'll get it right.Try Papa Roach 's `` The Paramour Sessions '' , that 's an amazing album.Peace !!
 I 've only heard the first single , but that is all I have to hear to no this album is going to suck . I heard the first album and I noticed something , every song sounds the exact same boring and whiny.The new song sounds pretty much like every song off their first album . This band is just a boring and generic rock band with a great singer.IF you want to here some real rock and roll , relive the glory days , then check out some of these bands
 i love amy lee . then again i love cat power . when given a choice go cat power . amy , get a new gig , change the makeup , and get a new fella . you are getting old quick . yesterday 's girl
 This album is lame , bland , and the production is horrible . First off this is n't Evanescence . It 's a whole new band with Amy singing . This is like a David Lee Roth solo album after Van Halen . Or worse a Scott Stap solo album without Creed . Yeah it 's that bad . Every single melody is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo stretched out . So boring . New guitar player was in Limp Bisket , that should tell you how much he sucks . The band blows , songs are horrible , and its ' just a waste of money . Why else is it selling for $ 9 ? lol . THEY ARE DONE !
 Evanescence has become like listening to the opera . The piano can be used in rock music , but not in every song on the damn album . Her voice is all you hear in every song , along with her depressing piano . So if you enjoy the opera or classical music , buy this album . If you want something that rocks , try Hinder .
 This crap leaked 1 month before its release and it is worse than their first CD . Why do they keep going ? all the songs sounds exactly the same , I really hope this band goes away soon forever along emo like green day , flyleaf and LP . Dont spent your money on this wait for the new deftones record and the new DVD on high definition of NIN in early 2007 . Instead of this fat girl buy the way better Lacuna Coil or Arch Enemy .
 yeah well ... back in the day i bought fallen and trust me ... im not into this type of music ... im into metal ... not `` goth/glam rock '' but it actually satisfied my tastebuds at the time ... well here we are and the new release is out ... and unfourtunately i do n't enjoy the new sound ... now the single `` Call Me When You 're Sober '' is a good song along with `` Lithium '' if you enjoed `` My Immortal '' but if you are looking for a METAL band with a good chick vocalist ... check out Walls of Jericho . -- Hail True Metal --
 I 'm saddened to say , as a huge fan of Evanescence 's last album , this one was a horrible follow up . The music is ok -LRB- and when I say music is ok , I usually do not bother buying the cd -RRB- , but the production was just horrible . The singing and guitar work are totally off note from each other in the majority of the songs , and the beats mixed with vocals just do not work . Instead of sounding `` goth '' rock , or darker , they just sound shrill and whiney . Aside from some `` ok '' songs like `` Lacrymosa '' and `` Like You '' , which have an essence of the old Evanescence , the rest of the album just made me sit there angry because it was so horrible . Now do n't get me wrong , as I said , I loved `` Fallen '' , but this is a far cry from what I enjoyed off of the last album . Some fans that are new to this band may enjoy this cd , but I can not for the life of me see how any one who enjoyed `` Fallen '' can even compare these two albums . What I find on `` The open door '' is Amy Lee with an extremely whiney voice , compiled with completely average guitar and instrumental work . I hate to say it , but I think this band now lives up to their last album , they have `` Fallen '' in my eyes .
 TOD is a pretty significant departure , musically , from `` Fallen . '' She -LRB- and I say `` she '' because Amy Lee really is the band -RRB- tries to be more artsy and less ballsy but it just does n't work . The result is musically dull melodrama with nothing to give it worth other than Amy 's fabulous voice . Considering how good `` Fallen '' was and how long fans had to wait for the second release , this is a huge disappointment.I suspect the change in line-up has a lot to do with this ; the real musician/songwriter obviously left the band . TOD is vaguely reminiscent of Tori Amos but not nearly as good . I suspect that this is the last we will ever hear from Evanesence . Hopefully , Amy Lee will do better with her next project .
 It is quite obvious upon hearing this record that Amy Lee does not care to progress from where Fallen left off . She does n't seem to care what the public wants to hear from her band and ultimately we get something quite different musically - And it turns out to be a lackluster.The cd opens with Sweet Sacrifice . This song is an all right song - Yes - But it does n't touch Going Under or Everybody 's Fool or Tourniquet in any way at all . Next is the very catchy lead single , Call me When Your Sober - The most mainstream effort on this album . Next comes Weight of the World - a decent rock song.Next is Lithium , which is an ok ballad but it speeds up quicklly using lots of guitars and it does n't really reach its potential - Would have been better having it stay slow with just the piano . Next is Cloud 9 which is obviously experimental and has an opera feel to it - Very forgettable.Snow White Queen is catchy and melodic in the least . Lacrymosa is next which covers Mozart but there is n't much anything amazing coming from the band in this . Lose Control is another experimental one and very forettable . The Only One is a pretty decent rock song - But again does n't touch anything on Fallen.Your Star is also forgettable . All That Im Living For is an obvious attempt to be mainstream -LRB- The producer writes on this track -RRB- but it sounds very cut and paste - Lacking . The closing ballad Good Enough has potential to be as good as My Immortal but some of the songwriting and the production threw it off completley . They did n't go deep enough with this song.The lyrics are so hard to relate to and are more like a therapy session where Amy whines the whole way . The general public will not be able to relate to this cd.If this were a debut , I 'd probably like it more , but when you 're coming off a record like Fallen you expect a lot more . If Ben Moody had been involved , it 'd probably be a direct follow up to Fallen - Something the general public would probably enjoy more .
 I really loved ` Fallen ' , but this CD was a bit of a disappointment . The song writing was not as good as Fallen . I think it was nice to hear the orchestral instruments fused into the music , but the major thing I noted was that Amy Lee was dropping her voice lower than it was capable of going and it sounded horrible . On several occasions , she even attempted the range of an opera singer soprano and that did not sound too good either . The first album was flawless and Amy 's vocals were right on target , but the fact that she pushed her vocal ability either higher or lower then what she is capable of ruined the album -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- .
 It 's repetitive and redundant , it 's repetitive and redundant.I bought Fallen when it came out and was disappointed . There were a few good tracks and that was about it . After a few spins , I soon shelved it and moved on to better things . With the release of their next album , I was curious to see if they had gotten any better and so I gave them another chance . Fool!Despite Amy Lee 's limited vocal range , I feel as though Evanescence has the potential to be a really good rock band . However , they just keep missing the mark . They need to abandon the noisy and rather repetitive fuzzy guitars and `` Hot Topic '' inspired goth . To me , after a few listens this album just comes off loud and redundant . Nothing new here . It 's basically like spending 54 minutes and 15 seconds in Hot Topic while the same song plays over and over and over on the loud speaker . Where 's a trench coat and black eyeliner wearing disgruntled high schooler with a shot gun , when you need one ? Do n't get me wrong , the album is n't the worst thing I 've ever heard . If you like redundant growling guitars and overly dramatic lyrics about dreams , pain , ashes , darkness , sorrow , screaming , sleep , bleeding , grieving and falling ... then this album is for you . If not , save your 15 dollars . I wish I had . I should have bought the Remy Zero CD I had my eye on . Hindsight . Amy , there 's another melodramatic word you can use to the point of nausea.-Justin '' -LSB- I dream in darknessI sleep to dieerase the silenceerase my lifeour burning ashesblacken the daya word of nothingnessblow me away -RSB- '' ... Are you freakin ' kidding me ?
 Evanescence shall always been known and remembered for their songs Bring Me To Life and My Immortal . Having said that , I thought the band broke up just before receiving their Best Newcomer Award at some MTV show ? Then Ben Moody left and members of this band just keep vanishing and getting replaced . Taking notes from Duran Duran perhaps?The Open Door , I wonder what they 're referring to , perhaps their rejuvenated band that might just open the door to more movie soundtrack opportunities ? This album was number 1 on the Billboard Top 200 album chart the first week it was released , big deal . It was attributed to the success of their first -LRB- and best -RRB- album Fallen and the long wait to get another album out , fans must have been hungry for more Evanescence music . What ? They could n't turn to other groups ? You would think that listening to Fallen and now The Open Door , that there would be some evolution in their music , a new direction perhaps , especially after they had so many band member replacements , more new ideas would come into the picture.Song after song after song just sounds similar ! From Sweet Sacrifice to Call Me When You 're Sober . The guitarist just strums the same few chords and rhythm over and over again in all the song tracks , almost like a machine gun firing in moderate staccato , utterly no imagination at all . Snow White Queen started to see some new direction in the rhythm of the music , but then it started going back to square one with The Only One . The same guitarist strumming the same rhythm in the chords again . Sigh . Listening to the whole album , I really did n't have any idea if I 'd moved onto track 2 or 3 , especially with such similar rhythms . Perhaps they were just recycling the rhythms from Bring Me To Live in their Fallen album , which fans seem to love so much.The only saving grace in this entire album is Amy Lee 's beautiful voice , but she needs a new lyric writer , the same screaming , yelling and moaning just does n't do her voice justice . I strongly believe she should leave the band and start doing her own solo CDs , which I 'm sure there are tons of fans out there who want her to do just that ! I also believe she should try trip hop!I know Gothic/Alternative/Rock / Pop/Whatever should sound almost like that , but with some form of imagination , it would n't be so tiresome to listen to ! 1 star for effort , 1 star for Amy Lee 's voice , the rest was just ear vomit ! Shame on them!I 've already used my CD as a frisbee and surprisingly it sails rather well through the air and oh , hey , look , a dog caught it between its jaws.Crunch !
 I am very disappointed with this CD . Yes , the sound is still very much , Evanescence . Matter of fact , that may not necessarily be a good thing . It sounds so much like trying to again duplicate the style of Fallen , I thought to myself how many CDs could this band put out with this same exact style and theme of songs ? Remember the rock band Boston ? As good as they were , they had about 3 albums in them and their first CD was a landmark hit -LRB- just like Fallen -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong , I loved Fallen . Going Under and Bring Me To Life were very good songs , very catchy ! They stuck to you and grew on you ! And my favorite My Immortal made Fallen my favorite Cd of the year . And I thought Hello was almost equally as beautiful of a ballad . There are many other great songs too , the songwriting was tremendous . Almost every song on the CD could have been a single . You can see why this CD sold so many millions . Now for The Open Door , it just is n't the same at all . While the style is there , Amy 's voice still sounds great , the songs are just not catchy . There are a few good songs , I like Sweet Sacrifice , Your Star , All That I 'm Living For , and the ballads are allright . Yet even a couple of these songs sound so familiar to songs from Fallen , they do n't come across as original -LRB- more like a copy -RRB- . Personally I enjoy the music from Evanescence 's first CD Origin -LRB- which was never widely released -RRB- . On this CD , Amy gets a chance to show off her voice in many instances , instead of the full blown heavy metal sound we 're used to . Production wise , from a studio standpoint , Origin may be lacking , but as far as song writing , voice , it is a great CD ! Even some of the very early songs from their ultra rare EP 's I like . You could hear great potential in Amy Lee 's voice . But The Open Door does n't impress me at all for the most part . The songwriting is sub par , none of the songs capture the best of the Fallen CD . Most of them prod through the exact style , the voice , the theme , but you never really enjoy yourself as your listening to them . The guitar work is n't as good either , although they replicate Evanescence guitar , the signature guitar work is lacking . It was exceptional on Fallen . Perhaps Amy Lee thought she could produce a great Evanescence CD by her lonesome . I think the other founding members are missed here ! I believe this CD will not even come close of repeating the success of Fallen . The thing that will hurt this CD the worst will be a lack of any hit single . Call Me When You 're Sober is certainly not charting well , and for Evanescence to continue their career , instead of being a one hit CD wonder will depend on the next CD . They will need to be a little more unpredictable , change of style , sound , and kick off some of that trademark metal goth sound that 's prevalent and practically the same in every song . It just gets old after a while . This CD is really like Fallen II , but not nearly as good . Had the music and songwriting really been superb , they could have gotten away with it for one more CD and had a multiplatinum hit again -LRB- although I am sure about half the sales -RRB- . I doubt that will happen here , I would be amazed if it did . It just does n't come accross as a blockbuster to me . Those kind of CDs have a certain magic about them , they hook you , and you never get tired of listening to them . This one I ca n't even get hooked at all . Amy Lee has a great voice , and she needs to show it off . Different instrumentation , style , production , and some better songs next time . They still have a lot of potential , but they fail to reach it on The Open Door . I just do n't like this CD for the most part .
 The first time I heard Evanescence I thought ` Cool rock chick making it Linkin Park style ' . But after I heard her first album I just saw that Evanescence may be called similar , but just the song Bring me to Life . Each and every song on their previous album is amazing , and the lyrics are just great.Having that in mind I bought the album as soon as it got in Amazon for sale . What was my surprise when I found that every single attractive quality Evanescence added to Goth Metal was long gone , no more cool songs . The best songs in the album are Lythium and Call me when you 're sober . But hey ! What happened to the great lyric writting ? . The other songs are just about deppresion and sadness , nothing new , no new perspective . Amy Lee is still what makes Evanescence speacial , but she definetly needs a new Metal rocker to help her to take her back on track.You will like this album if you enjoy the band 's singles or if you are a die-hard fan of Evanescence . Otherwise if you wish to listen to Evanesence music try the previous album . Again , a sad chapter in Metal History .
 For me , this album was an indefinite let-down . I have listened to it a few times and I ca n't seem to force myself to like it , and I should n't have to . The first two CDs were amazing and full of emotion . As for this album , I can not say the same thing . It does not have enough of anything . Not enough emotion really and not enough melody . Amy 's voice overpowers every instrument played , and I do n't necessarily think it good . You ca n't really feel the advanced guitar solos in here or those amazing vocals . It almost sounds like she 's on crack for half of the songs . I think her voice gets on my nerves now and I just do n't feel that the songs are deep . The only decent song on here is the `` Weight of the World '' , although I even had to listen to that a few times before I thought it was okay . This is an okay album , and not something I really feel is worth my 10 bucks . Most people will argue it is less commercial and different since Ben Moody left , but I think he was a vital part of the song writing process which this album apparently lacks . Most of the songs are slow melancholy piano candlelit songs to me with high pitched female vocals , and nothing more .
 I was extremely disappointed by this album . It just did n't grab me at all like Fallen did . It has no outstanding tracks or anything much memorable . I guess Nightwish has spoiled me . Before , Evanescence was about the only female-fronted band I cared to listen to . Now that I have discovered Nightwish , Evanescence just seems useless . Sorry , but I just do n't care for it .
 `` Innocente '' by Delirium is a fantastic track , but except for one the remixes on this single do n't do it justice . The one saving grace is the Deep Dish Gladiator Remix , which manages to show some talent in remixing . The two Lost Witness remixes -LRB- a radio edit and a full-length -RRB- , the DJ Tiesto remix , and the Space Between Us Mix are all pretty commercial.Because the Deep Dish remix was beautifully used by Sander Kleinenberg on his Global Underground Nubreed mix and Deep Dish 's own YOSHIESQUE II mix , I would suggest getting it from either of those . There 's no need to buy this single which carries mostly commercial nonsense . Take the DJ Tiesto mix . Would you trust a man who still plays trance years after it 's gone out of style to remix any contemporary track ? Other DJ 's such as Sasha and Nick Warren have moved on , first to progressive , and now on to a new style with tech-house and breaks influences , but Tiesto continues to flog his dead horse .
 This would have been a top notch set of CDs if they had n't put stupid voice overs on some of the best music tracks ! Those stupid `` Wolfman Jack 's '' voice on top of some of the best music reduces this from a five star to a two star rating !!!!! Other than that , the set is fine .
 Do n't be fooled ! This is not the motion picture soundtrack album . It is , true to its name , a presentation of all of the songs used in the movie and in the order of their appearance . Anyone who has heard the original soundtrack however will quickly realize that this album is missing the pacing and transitions between songs that help you relive the movie as you hear the music . If you really just want all the songs from the movie , then get this album . The collection is fantastic and provides a great compilation of hits from the era . If you are familiar with the soundtrack then you will shudder every time the CD transitions abruptly from one song to the next as if being played on a iPod . A sign of the times I guess !
 Ive only heard a few songs on this album and i will already give it a single star . This album is repetitious and boring . This isnt FATA , this is a god awful wannabe band.What happened to the band that recorded TBYB ? They died and no remnants of this once great band remain .
 That 's exactly what they did . Way to go down the path of Avenged Sevenfold .
 Well , I did n't like anything they did in the past , so i question why i bought this album . Im not gon na bash they 're attempt to please , because I know I could never make music , but its unbelieveable how terrible this buy is . Do n't hurt yourself , at least dont give youself a headache .
 ok first of all i like A7X new stuff . yes the voice take some time to ajust to but i think the guitar is more creative than the previous albums.ok now this band has gone downhill . the band lost a guitar and bass player and gone from
 i will start out by saying i was not expecting another too bad you 're beautiful ... and if one more thirteen year old scenster rips on old fata fans again i 'm going to call it a day and start listening to sunny day real estate and hum like everybody else ... do n't get me wrong , i love those bands . but just because you punk kids can fit into your girlfriend 's pants does n't mean you 're taking over the scene ... that will happen when the rest of us are dead . now moving on to this album ... i had no expectations , i just hoped they did n't turn into story of the year ... fortunately , they did n't . but this is the most apathetic album i 've heard all year . nothing you hear on here makes you want to listen to any of these songs more than one time , unless you like boring , emotionless , repetitive , formulative screamo trash can liners . you do n't have to be expecting another tbyb to dislike this cd ... anyone can do it . you just have to be old enough to have your balls drop and listen to real music ... the band does n't even sound like they 're enjoying what they 're playing . the entire overall feel of this cd is ` well ... i guess we got ta make another record ' ... ho-hum ... some of the songs are good , that 's why it got two stars , that and because francis mark DOES have a better voice than before . to the kid who loves avenged sevenfold you need to read the interview with matt sanders -LSB- your beloved m. shadows -RSB- in Out Burn magazine where he talks about how he does n't care about his fans at all , he just wants cheap sex from groupies and drugs to do on the ax7 tourbus ... read it sometime ... he says he does n't care about fans as long as their records make enough money to buy the band beer to get drunk ... these are the heroes of the new school ... and that 's why this ship is sinking . i miss 1996 . anyway ... the new guitarist is a disappointment ... scott gross was so dynamic and they have nothing but repetitious , almost numetal , cookie cutter riffs on this album that could be any number of random paint-by-numbers coffee house screamo rock bands . ben perri 's scream has not improved or gotten worse at all ... protools has kept it exactly where it was on the fiction we live ... thank god for computers , right ? whatever . it 's a sad , sad day when the highlight of a from autumn to ashes is francis mark 's clean singing ... that 's a clue to anybody expecting a really good album ... because usually that 's the only complaint anyone has and now everything sucks except for it ... stop this train , i 'm ready to get off ... i hope the new fans have fun while they can , the band says they 're not interested in doing this a whole lot longer ... and you can tell ... the music says ` we do n't care ' louder than anything else possibly could . and if from autumn to ashes does n't care ... why should you ? you want good screamo rock ? listen to he is legend , skycamefalling , anberlin , funeral for a friend , action action -LSB- not really screamo rock ... but diversify your bonds , already -RSB- and poison the well ... they changed styles without sucking ... why ca n't everyone else ?
 let me start off by saying that i was very much looking forward to this , a lot . i loved everything FATA have done , that 's why i 'm so upset with this album . i listened to it once and almost threw it away , literally , then i gave it a second listen and found some songs tolerable . this is n't a horrible album , some people will likely enjoy it more , but not old fans . they took everything that made them good and threw it away likely at an attempt to go mainstream . hope it works for them but i also hope they release another album very soon and come to their senses and make some real hardcore as they previously have.with this album FATA pretty much does what every other band that changes do ... add a poppy sound and alternate the singing and screaming -LRB- which is very toned down -RRB- . some standout tracks : vicious cockfightplacentapedeshort for showjack and gingerand abandon you friends -LRB- title track -RRB- is quite catchy ... after a few listens , same with placentapede
 i loved FATA back in the day when they were n't known . The first record off ferret was incredible but now what happend ? i guess the drummer wanted to sing more and do all that emo bs . I would n't be suprised if ben left he is n't getting any recording time . Its just a weak album , Ben leave just like your guitarist did , he prob could n't handle the new sound how much it suked . `` This bandwagon is on it 's last leg ''
 The cover of this album features the band members with their faces whited out . If i had been a part of this kind of travesty , i wouldnt want to show my face either.This album opened up with a very promising track in `` Where To Draw The Line '' and then went downhill from there . That first track is the highlight of the album , sounding almost like something from the TBYB days . The only other track thats worth listening to is Jack And Ginger . The rest is bland semi-hardcore and Francis ' super-emo vocals.The biggest problem with this album is that Ben , the supposed lead vocalist , appears on only 5 of the 12 tracks of this cd . He might as well have been a guest and they called this the debut album of Fran 's new band Biology.I loved TBYB , and i liked TFWL , but ever since Mike and Scott jumped ship , i should have expected this to happen . They obviously saw a sinking ship and decided to save their integrity . I hope FATA enjoy their new emo , poseur , mall-core fan base . The real fans will be spinning TBYB and TFWL and staying away from `` Abandon Your Fans . ''
 They have fallen the worthless ways of avenged sevenfold , and released an album so unlike their previous that the band should have changed their names . Tracks 1 & 7 are the only tracks i can stomach , the rest are just garbage . The lyrics sound like a 10 year old deaf retard wrote them , come on FATA , give us a decent album , this is junk . I would like a rebate for 7.99 which is what i paid for this so called `` album ''
 That 's what they should have called this crap . It 's highly repetitive , overally generic , and basically just garbage . I had high expectations for this album since TFWL . That cd was border line okay . This one is just pop punk with some hardcore overtones . I listened to this a couple times and still nothing strikes me as good . It 's just plain and uninspired.It 's cookie cutter and it shows a lot . Nothing seems to be really standout . Gone are the hardcore screams , the heavy breakdowns , and the intense lyrics . It 's replaced with a feeling of been there done that . Also , their drummer needs to spend more time behind the drums and less time singing . I saw them twice , once after TBYB and once before this came out . They were awesome the first time , crowd was into it . Second concert , slower , boring and lacking energy . It seems like they do n't really care anymore.All and all there are better CD 's that came out . Check out Every Time I Die 's new cd and The Bled 's new cd . They blow this crap out of the water .
 Let me start off by saying that I absolutely fell in love with TBYB and have listened to it for months straight . It was just that amazing , That being said , I have a few comments on this album.Yes I understand the viewpoint that they 've matured and that 's great and all . I just want to know , what the heck is the drummer doing singing half the songs that the lead singer should be singing ? I mean , sure his voice is nice if you like the kinda whiny-esque thing , but seriously.What made FATA them was their creativity and interesting components . The main thing this applied to was their singing , when Ben would sing and Francis would do some background singing . that added dimension to the songs and it was perfect that way . I do n't understand why they would completely cut each other off from their -LRB- own -RRB- songs and I just think it 's ridiculous . Yes , I am talking about how Ben seems to have his own songs and Francis his own.I wo n't say that I do n't think they 've grown a bit , but personally , this album just felt really weak to me . TBYB had a lot of beautiful heartfelt lyrics and this had subpar lyrics that felt more or less generic rather than personal.Musically , creativity has nearly died and withered away . It bothers me that they have so much potential and they 're not using it . Vocally , I know that if they just collaborated and made their songs less commercial they could 've done ok.And right now , I 'm being extremely nice in this review . The album was bland and weak in most aspects , but I understand their whole situation with losing members and all . I just hope they can clean up their act for their next album ... hopefully I wo n't be as disappointed
 Change is not always good . Some bands change for the better , others for the worse . I think FATA has taken a huge step backward with this one , and not because it 's different . I love all their earlier work , fast and slow songs alike ... except when that awful girl sings . Anyway , this album seems to be an attempt to blend their earlier styles , and it comes out flat and simply boring IMO.I suggest you all preview this album before buying it . There are 2-3 songs that I think all prior fans will enjoy . The rest is something else , like it or hate it .
 I have been waiting for two long years for FATA 's new CD to come out , but now that I 've heard this I wish I was still waiting . Unless there is some good music in the parts that amazon does n't play that I have n't heard , this is terrible . I 'm sure I speak for most of FATA fans when I say this album is a great disappointment . ~ Note to FATA
 Ok , to say that i was expecting another TBYB is crazy . I had little expectation , and even that is an overstatment , for this album , and it failed to even satisfy that . The album starts off pretty good with `` where do you draw the line . '' A song that combines the agressiveness and melodic aspects that FATA has been trying to pull off . But then the very next song is a emo/pop rock song . Then it jumps into a hard metalcore song . I mean if you only listen to odd # songs the CD isnt bad . But through out the entire disc , it jumps back and forth everyother song . I mean i feel like i 'm listing to CDs here . I mean the emo crap is just about as bad as Eighteen Visions `` Obessesion '' . For a bad that put out a amazing album in TBYB , and a pretty good album TFWL . They threw everything away and completly lost there minds . And i think i know why they called the album `` Abandon your Friends '' becuase thats what theyve done to us , and this CD is going into the local used bin .
 I bought this ablum and traded it in in less than 2 hours . I love the fiction we live and to bad your bueatiful but i cant stand the new album . Its not because the `` style has changed '' its good when bands change , otherwise thier sound gets stale , however FATA did not do thier `` new style '' good . Every song starts out with a cool riff but as soon as the vocals start it goes to a cheesy half-assed riff with no creativity . Aside from horribl lyrics , lack of enegry and prety much the end of dual vocals for FATA , the general sound of the guitar and bass in this album was cheep at best . It seemed there was no effort put into the songs at all . Thier old albums had good guitar parts even when they wernt center stage . They just stoped trying . So if you have any FATA stuff , wright `` old '' right above thier logo .
 It 's been a whole month , and still no Jodeci CD . At first the sender said that my CD was returned due to the mailing , but that ca n't be true . Why ? Because the rest of my order had arrived , with the same information , at least two weeks before I was notified of the return.NOT THIS SENDER !!! DO N'T TRUST IT !!!
 Jodeci was one of the most popular R&B ; groups of the '90s . They drove women wild with their leather outfits , backwards caps , and crooning voices . `` Diary of A Mad Band '' was released when they were still very popular . Although I am a Jodeci fan , this is not a good albun . I have heard better coming from them . The album is dry and bland . I did n't feel any real excitement while listening to this LP . The greatest thing about this album is their voices . These men can harmonize very well , and not many sound as good as they do together . I was very impressed with their vocals . This album is also sexually distasteful . There are many sexual overtones , and they are just too raunchy for me . Artists can speak of sex and still have tact . These guys just get nasty and provocative . `` Ride and Slide '' is not a good track . Its very sexually explicit , the lyrics are bad , and the production is bland . I found nothing appealing about this song . It was obviously a filler . `` Sweaty '' is also too sexually distasteful . In this song , they speak about intesnse sex . The production is lackluster just like the song . `` Feenin '' is not a bad song , but its definitely not this groups best work . This song talks about feenin ' to sleep with a woman . Now who would have guessed that ? The harmonies on this song are worth mentioning because they did very , very well . Overall , a pretty bland and not memorable song . `` Cry For You '' and `` Jodecial Hotline '' -LRB- which is actually an interlude -RRB- are the best songs on this piece of work . These songs are lyrically strong , contain decent production and good lyrics . They are both simply marvelous ! A very young Missy Elliot is heard on `` Wo n't Waste You '' . She delivers a supbar rap to go with the whack song . This song is about two people not wasting each other 's time.I did not enjoy this album overall . The production and instruments are used repeatedly and the lyrics show that this group obviously had a one track mind while they were in the studio creating this . Next please.Mikeisha 's Top 51 . Jodecial Hotline2 . Feenin ' 3 . Cry for You4 . My Heart Belongs to You5 . What About Us
 Its alright , but it sounds like Scott Weiland and the chaps from Guns 'n Roses just want to make a big loud wailing noise and not care about the music so much which is a shame.Its dissapointing considering how great the Stone Temple Pilots and Guns 'n Roses were.Rule number 1
 I thought this CD was horrible ... Personally I think if your a old school G&R fan or an STP fan you will be throughly disappointed as I was ... `` Slither '' is one of the only decent songs on the CD -LRB- and I stress decent because it is not that great -RRB- ... Maybe its just me but I really really thought it did not live up to STP or G&R type of expectations ... Maybe a better producer would have helped . . Want to hear a meshing of 2 bands for a good sound then go get AUDIOSLAVE ... just click your back button and get as far away from this CD ...
 There 's already been a ton of reviews for this record but I still feel like chiming in my two cents . I , like most people here , rushed out and picked up this album when it was first released and it was a mistake . To me the whole album seems rushed and not very well written . Most of the songs sound the same and have all the same riffs . The tracks are n't even as good as STP 's worst stuff and I ca n't hear a single hint of GNR in any song . I say stop this nonsense and give me back STP and old school GNR .
 i do n't know what it is but this just does not sound like rock and roll to me.in my opinion the songs sound too polished and almost have a punk/alternative sound to them.sometimes you even forget Slash is on guitar.maybe it will grow on me , but on first listen , this album just does n't rock my socks .
 Guns n roses were the best ever , STP rocked the house . Together , they dont mix well , Slash is very talented , but he needs Axl 's creativity to make himself sound best . Download this , BUY CHINESE DEMOCRACY IN 2006 !!!!!
 This was very disappointing to me . I did n't think it could be worse than the last Stone Temple Pilots album , but it is much worse . The worst song on the first three STP albums is better than the best one on Contraband . I had such high hopes and am disappointed by the subject matter and the melodies . Most of all , I am disappointed in my former idle Scott Weiland . One note , the CD is protected and the player included you have to use on your computer does not allow you search/ff/rr / skip or setup a play order or start in the middle of the CD .
 C'monI do n't even like Guns 'n Roses -LRB- but have huge respect for them -RRB- and the Stone Temple Pilots were one of the best bands of all time . I 'm not afraid of saying whats true!This is utter s % $ tNo tune , No melody , no desirable repeated listensapart from the very cool opening of `` Sucker Train Blues '' and `` Set Me Free '' . All it is , is rapid guitar riffs and solos and Scott Weiland screaming `` Yeahhhhhhhhhh '' or `` Those f*cker s ! `` Thats it .
 This is one of those cds that gets talked up like crazy ... and later you will find 20 of them for sale at a used cd joint for $ 1.99 . I made the mistake of buying this CD new . I almost always get burned when I buy a CD before listening.I was hoping for STP Ver 2.0 from this band ... instead is more like STP version 0.2 , weak music , weak lyrics , just weak.The best songs are Fall to pieces and Dirty little thing.I am impressed that Scott Weimer as gone clean from drugs and supposedly the whole band -LRB- minus Slash -RRB- is drug and alcohol free . But you know sometimes the best artists do their best work under the influence of drugs and alcohol , Doors , Janis Joplin , Hendrix , Pink floyd , Jefferson airplane ... Buy this cd used or `` borrow '' from a friend .
 I was excited for the release , but was a little let down upon listening . There is no doubt that this group has the makings of something special , but I believe that special may have been the past . There is nothing really new hear , I was hoping for a early style STP or GNR collaboration but it never seems to materialized , its not a terrible cd but based on the fact that I have listened to the cd a couple of times and now seems relegated to the cd rack must say something .
 The music does n't matter if you ca n't play the CD . This * PRODUCT * is more than just the music , but the delivery mechanism , too . -LRB- As well as cover art and other package contents -RRB- . The delivery mechanism sucks , and Amazon was n't even nice enough to warn their customers about it . I 'm returning mine -- it 's obviously a defective CD -LRB- and it was sold as a CD , not a CD-like medium -RRB- .
 -LRB- From Big Fan of Weiland -RRB- Perhaps the members of this band figure that they do n't need to get there music out there and that throngs of fans will just buy this album based upon the reputation of the band members ... I made the mistake of buying this album and supporting the encoding that the record company placed on the disc -LRB- and the band endorsed -RRB- that prevents the buyer of this disk from putting this music on your iPod or into your MP3 player or making your own CD 's with the songs from this album that you like on it ... For anyone with any influence in this matter who might be reading this : I DO N'T WANT TO LISTEN TO EVERY SONG ON THIS ALBUM EVERY TIME I PUT IT IN -LRB- the first 1/2 of the album sucks -RRB- . IF I PURCHASE AN ALBUM , I EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO TAKE THE SONGS THAT I LIKE AND CREATE MY OWN CD 'S WITH THEM -LRB- to listen to in my car , at work , etc -RRB- ... YOU 'VE MADE THIS IMPOSSIBLE AND I WILL NOT PURCHASE ANOTHER ALBUM WITH THIS KIND OF SECURITY ON IT . There is a huge market out there that caters to MP3 's and your attempt to secure these songs by preventing buyers of this album from listening to the tracks is nothing short of retarded.Thanks RCA!Thanks VR for letting RCA do this!Tracks worth attempting to find for download : HeadspaceSuperhumanSet Me FreeSlitherDirty Little Thing
 I was not very pleased with this CD . The songs might be good but I ca n't really tell becasue of the mastering . So many CDs are mastered incorrectly today . In an effort to make the CD seem `` louder '' , they amplify the signal until there is significant clipping -LRB- i.e. distortion -RRB- . I have seen this on everything from Rush-Vapor Trails , to some of the Jimi Hendrix remasters . One song on this CD has over 17000 clipped samples in each channel . But honestly the distortion is not very noticable . The problem is that it limits the dynamic range of the recording and it ends up just sounding like loud noise.Another problem with this CD is the copy protection . It plays fine on a CD player , but on a computer you must install their software to play it . Also , it becomes difficult to get these tracks on to your MP3 player . Of course this copy protection scheme depends on you having Autorun enabled on your machine . Autorun makes your computer automatically run programs that are on a CD that you insert . So if Autorun is enabled -LRB- the default on XP/NT -RRB- it will automatically load something on your PC which keeps you from being able to rip the audio files on this particular CD . The problem is that I do n't like something being installed without asking . Even if you select that you do not want to install their software by not accepting their terms -LRB- this will make the CD eject from your computer -RRB- , the driver is left on your PC and you will have to manually uninstall it . If you have Autorun disabled -LRB- it is a simple edit in the registry , you can search on how to do it -RRB- the copy protection wo n't work and you will never even know that the CD is copy protected -LRB- as long as you do n't run the `` launch.exe '' file that is on the CD -RRB- . The audio tracks can be ripped as usual . Also , Autorun can be temporarly suspended if you just hold down the `` Shift '' key while inserting the CD . Most people know this already , so I do n't see this copy protection doing anything but annoying honest people that just want to listen to the CD on their PC or download the songs to their MP3 player -LRB- or make a copy of the CD -RRB- . If the launch.exe file is every run on your PC -LRB- either by having Autorun enabled , forgetting to hold the Shift key when inserting the CD , or by manualy running launch.exe -RRB- then the driver is loaded on your PC and you will not be able to copy files to your hard drive or to your mp3 player -LRB- without using their methods -RRB- .
 Do n't let the music industry infect your computer with spyware and viruses . It appears the RIAA is out to destroy the consumer . Do n't trust them . They 're trying to prevent you from putting music on your iPod , do n't let the lowlifes from the recording industry dictate what you can do with your own property.Content Protected CD = NO SALE
 This CD comes with copy protection software , which , when installed , wrecks havoc on your computer and instantly compromises your online security and safety . Ugly , malicious forms of spyware are loaded , and your PC will soon be hijacked . Is this any way to treat customers ? I love VR , but Sony/BMG must do away with copy protection and respect our RIGHT to make legitimate copies as we so desire . After all , the number of music fans with iPods is growing .
 Man , all in one day I bought PJ Harvey , Sonic Youth , Cowboy Junkies , and I was on such an anticipated musical high I almost bought that big money release Velvet Revolver -LRB- But I could n't decide on the red , white , or black cover -RRB- . So for the sake of writing a review guaranteed to top my 0 helpful 5 not helpful review of Springsteen 's , The Rising , I borrowed this CD.Unfortunately I listened to it after several listens of the aforementioned bands . While PJ and the Junkies and the glorious Sonic Youth evoke these musical excursions that show just what you can do with electric guitars , insightful lyrics , and unique perspectives that identify each and every bands ` place in the musical canon , Velvet Revolver makes use of every tired , redundant metal clich ? ever created since 1975 that will guarantee a fat paycheck for the band and plenty of tired clich?d photo shoots.This is plain and simply a lame album . You can just see Slash swaggering and dipping as he plays those slick licks and you know what ? Anyone ever heard of Parody?Is that guy serious when he starts singing Set Me free ? Take me down , take me down ... -LRB- Boy we 've never heard that before , have we ? -RRB- -LRB- They should have picked Courtney Love to front the band . She would have at least added some entertainment to the solo 's by the other guys ... -RRB- These guys should have a shoot out with Spinal Tap . Slither is the only song even remotely worth listening to and it 's played to death on the radio anyway.Want to hear something unique , ingenious , and well-executed involving guitars listen to the other three CD 's that came out and were buried in the Contraband hype.Oh , and thank you RCA for being so greedy and stupid as to copy protect it . Do n't want to lose a single buck , huh ? I would have had to delete it off my IPOD anyway . Thanks .
 I bought this CD from Amazon not knowing about the copy protection and its been a nightmare since . -LRB- Not Amazon 's Fault -RRB- Anywhoo I popped this CD in my computer , you have to install a `` Digital Licence '' to play this in your PC . BTW because of this , you CAN NOT make a `` legimate '' backup copy in case your original gets too scratched to play . This will be the first album by BMG to do this `` Stone Love , '' `` Dirty Thirstiest '' are the next two.As for the CD itself the lyrics on half the songs are OK , nothing that special . Only three songs stand out :1 . Slither 5/5 -LRB- Played on the radio -RRB- 2 . Set Me Free 4/5 -LRB- Played on the radio -RRB- 3 . Fall to Pieces 5/5 -LRB- My second favorite / a great ballad sleaper ! -RRB- The rest I give between 3-3 .5 except for Superhuman that song SUCKS !!! Slash is awesome on this !!! But because of the BMG garbage its just not worth buying . If BMG did n't have all these stupid rules of when and where you can play `` YOUR OWN PURCHASED CD '' I would have given it 4 STARS ... < sigh ! >
 Although the music is ok , the CD is not worth buying . This CD prevents you from having control over the music that you paid for . It will only play in a CD player . You can not easily play the music on your computer . Playing the cd on your computer requires an internet connection to a server which is likely to be unavailable or to busy to connect . There is plenty of music that is equally good or better that will not cause you this much hastle . I suggest that you buy that instead .
 After all the incredible reviews I was optimistic , even hopeful , that this album would live up to the hype . While you can at least listen to it , unfortunately it `` Falls to Pieces '' . The first time I listened To the disc I was genuinely bored by the time I got to the 5th track , `` Spectacle '' . This album is a tired rehash of what once was . If you looking for something that will make you yearn for days gone by , this is it . I guarantee that as you listen to this , you 'll be wishing you were back in the glory days of hard driving rock-n-roll and not listening to this time washed offering.The only saving grace is easy to listen to lyrics and some -LRB- definitely not enough -RRB- decent riffs . Other than that , the album just tries to hard to be bad , but comes off as weak . The parental advisory on this album is there only because it has to be for the ratings system -LRB- there are plenty of f-you and MF-ers -RRB- . But , I never really believed the tracks ! They all seem so contrived to present a hard core rock-n-roll image , but there is no real raw edge to any of it . It 's got a - trying to hard not to be a super band , wan na be a bar band - feel to it.There 's very little originality to it , and the couple of exceptions hurt instead of help . First , there 's the genre confused `` You Got No Right . '' It 's like a grunge meet 's the 60 's meets a rock ballad thing that just does n't fit . It found myself hoping it would end sooner rather than later . Second , the last track `` Loving the Alien '' gave me the image of a tired Slash accompanying a bad Pink Floyd cover band , uggh . Was n't that a Matrix allusion , come on ! Actually , that pretty much describes the way I felt listening to the whole CD . I was ready for it to be over before it was even half way through . There are no great signature song 's that scream the bands identity . I can only guess that all the glowing reviews are from die hard STP/GNR fans longing for days of old . Let 's hope that the live show , or a second offering , brings some life to this otherwise lame effort .
 I guess nothing could live up to the hype - great musicians from great rock bands pulling together to ROCK ! But it feels forced . Slash sounds like he 's trying to remember the opening to `` Sweet Child O Mine '' at the beginning of several of these songs . Overall , the record lacks any dynamics . From the get go , it 's in your face riffin ' . That 's cool , up to a point . Even AC/DC new how to mix it up when the gettin ' was good . Scott is also missing the great melody making of STP . His ability to both melodicize and rage has been lost in the mix . The result is kind of like Alice in Chains on a hangover.Better luck next time . Yes , I do hope there is a next time .
 This CD does not play in my car , nor can I copy it onto my iPod . It requires files to be installed on the PC to play.Avoid this disc and do not encourage more copy protected CDs that cause problems .
 Let 's put the music aside for one moment.Technologically this disc really sucks !!!!!!!! Boycott BMG and their attempt to control the private use of music on our own computers . To be able to listen to this disc digitally you have to install special propietary software that downloads digital keys to your hard drive . Any windows user out there will tell you the last thing we want on our computers is more software.Not to knock Amazon , although they did n't put any type of warning about this in their product page , buy the album from iTunes . It 's cheaper and requires no extra software , unless of course you have n't installed iTunes yet ... well ... go ahead ... install it ... it 's better then installing the crap from BMG.BMG ... Let us listen to our music in peace and maybe think about cutting your salaries by a couple of million to help pay the artists !
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- A few songs are pretty good until you hear scott weilands awful chorus crap that he needs to lose ... songs like superhuman are an example -LRB- 2 -RRB- Also there are a few slower songs . . they are crap . . except for the last which is good ... -LRB- 3 -RRB- there are about 4-5 pretty good songs ... but its a really uninspired cd ... its missing something ... not that good -LRB- 4 -RRB- scott weiland is good when he shines . . but otherwise the music is annoying . . i like him and guns . . but this is crappy rock ... -LRB- 5 -RRB- go buy a real rock cd like black rebel motorcycle club or the darkness or the strokes or the white stripes
 Wow Axl should be happy that he is not into this so called `` MUSIC '' , because one thing , without axl , GNR wouldn make it so far as they did , and you can see it in this so called `` CD '' because VR SUCKS !!! i mean come on how can u call this music ?? it is just a noise , without axl those guys are nothin and they sshould deal with it and not keep trying to be famous again because they are just wasting their time . . without axl theres nothing in this cd see ya ! by the way you cant even rip for ipo i mean come on !!! the 99 % of the people that lsiten to music have an ipod i think that not includin this wasnt very smart from Velvet revolver
 I do n't know what it is about this album , none of the songs on it stand out to me . There is really nothing memorable about it , I ca n't really explain why . It feels empty . Whenever I listen to a good rock album , I get a great feeling with every good riff . But with this , it 's like elevator music or something , just playing in the background.Plus the CD is all copy protected , which is just a nuisance since you can get it onto your computer anyway . I do n't know why they did that . All in all , I just am not feeling this album .
 I bought this cd the day it came out , purely based off of personel . What a mistake ! Every song on this record is completely forgettable , uninspired , contains terrible lyrics , and most suffer from downright poor performances . I honestly ca n't sing one line of lyrics or any of the vocal lines form this recording.Also , this band sounds stuck in the 90 's hard rock sound . It sounds like a band playing out thier last bit of material before the culture passes them by . All the riffs sound like they are recycled from 90s rock bands that actually knew how to write.With muddy production , dirty perfromances , out-of tune vocals , and meaningless self-concious lyrics , this is sure to dissapoint any fan of Guns n Roses or Stone Temple Pilots . If I did n't know who was playing on this record , I would have called it a very bad imitation of STP.do yourself a favor and skip this overhyped CD .
 I do n't really have much to say . I really ca n't praise this album ... at all.Since I had the chance to listen to it repeatedly at the cd store I work at , it NEVER grew on me . Sad to say . I wish it was something else but seems Scott wants to emulate Axl Rose and I do n't really particularly care for him much either , so it 's a double whammy right there.Buy it if you want to . Seems everyone else likes them . I just do n't .
 I 've had my eye on this CD for a while . Then , me and my friend traded CD 's for a little while . He got my Texas Chainsaw Massacre Soundtrack , and I got his Velvet Revolver Contraband . And let me tell you , the trade was n't fair . He got a head banging CD that sported such bands as Pantera , Hatebreed , Lamb Of God , Mushroomhead , Meshuggah . And I got THIS ? Hell , no ! Man ! I was mad . I listened to this once all the way through , put the CD back in the case , and wanted to smash it . What a terrible recording ! I was expecting what I heard from Fall To Pieces , and Slither . But the whole album was ... was ... not good . I give this two stars because - and I hate to say this , because I hate those people who buy a whole CD and only listen to the single -LRB- s -RRB- - the singles are the only two good songs . Do yourself a favour , skip this one . Get something else . As for me , I was glad I got my Texas Chainsaw Massacre Soundtrack back . Get Guns N Roses , there WAY better . I suggest Appetite For Destruction . My friend ended up buying the Texas Chainsaw Massacre Soundtrack , and I ended up writing a negative review on this site . What a waste of time . Slash is better than this.Keep ShreddingJack Metal
 Its better then usher . Yes this sucks but usher is no longer number 1 in the charts and usher sucks hard -LRB- ... -RRB- then Janna Jammeson . So velvet revolver is lame but Im glad they top usher on the charts . Hey IF they kill pop muisc . I MIGHT buy this peace -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 I agree that the production is less than one would expect from such an important supergroup collaboration . And why would you have the single -LRB- `` Slither '' -RRB- be the one standout track , in terms of tempo , time changes and overall `` jam-ability '' , among mostly similar songs !? Not as impressive as it should be - BASED ON ONE SPIN > more to come ...
 I know another reviewer warned European buyers that it would n't play on their DVD-Video or DVD-Audio players , but it 's not just Europe - it 's the U.S. too!I have a DVD-Audio player in my car -LRB- Acura TL -RRB- and it would NOT play the DVD side of this disk.I found out too late that the DVD side of dual disks can come in different formats . Apparently the Nine Inch Nails dual disk is DVD-A compatible , but I 'm not sure which others are.Amazon needs to provide more details on which format the DVD side of these dual disks contain !
 I really try to like this , I do . There are about 2 tracks on this disc that sound okay . The rest sound complacent , burned-out and just plain tired . But the dull song structure , the indifferent singing and the `` 30 layers midrandge '' sound mix do not a brilliant CD make . As washed-up '80s bands go , the Cult 's last CD creates a far better illusion of a real band at work . I credit the failure of this Velvet Revolver release to a lack of texture in Slash 's rhythm sounds , Weiland 's semi-comatose state impairing his very slight talent , and a general lapse of creativity - really , how much can you do to save such a swaggering dogpile just with clever mixing and a brilliant drummer ?
 Old work is not always better than new work . However , Velvet Revolver is a disaster ... floating to survival on the basis of record company promotional hype . At first , I was excited by the prospect of this new band due to its heritage . Unfortunately , the reality is a botched surgery with no inspiration.I think purchasers of this album might be a bit brainwased by MTV and their local craptacular rock station . Fact is , you 're * far * better off collecting some older STP or GnR discs . Pass this over and spend your money wisely .
 Most people hear about the members of Velvet Revolver and buy this disc under the impression that they are buying another Guns n ' Roses or STP album . Not the case . The influences are there with some familiar melodies and ripping guitar solos but neither band would ever want to claim `` Contraband '' as their own . A decade or so ago , when each was in their prime , they put together albums that had purpose , feeling and well thought out music that came together to form an entire picure . Again , not the case here . In `` Contraband '' you can hear every member of this supergroup elbowing for a share of the microphone , when in reality everyone except Slash and Weiland really needs to take a step back and allow the real musicians to work their magic . In almost every song the music feels crowded and busy with no semblence of confluency among members . Matt Soren is pounding away on the drums without trying to create a rhythm that fits the songs . Duff McKagen and Dave Kushner slash away on their guitars without regard for complimentation of the beat or melody . That was the beauty of G n ' R
 i archive all my cd music to my computer for ease of use.then i play the recorded tracks on windows media player , musicmatch jukebox , whatever ... reading or installing this cd on your computer requires that you download `` keys '' from the cd but even after installing the keys off the cd the tracks play back on computer as corrupted and skipping garble ! the cd itself will play in your car or home cd player but it looks like RCA is screwing anybody who does any kind of digital archiving of media.evidently they also do not want to allow you a back-up copy of your software . -LRB- is n't that illegal ?? -RRB- this is the first purchased cd i have encountered this on.no , i am NOT a pirate , my personal purchased cd collection is well over 500 . it seems the recording industry is on the edge and about to fall off the cliff if it is willing to screw it 's most loyal customers in a futile attempt to combat piracy.the hackers will crack them anyway and only legitimate consumers will suffer . BEWARE !!!
 What kind of crap is this ? They 're telling me that I can only use what Microsoft pushes ? Never again will I buy a CD like this . I should have just downloaded it for free . But wait that 's dishonest , or is it better to be a sucker , pay for crap , and give my buyer 's rights up ? What kind of choice is that ? Do n't buy this or any CD 's like this !!! If we pay for something we should be able to play it on any device of our choosing !!!
 It 's ridiculous how protected the cd is , and what you must to do get around it just to put the songs in your library or on your iPod . This is really screwing their customers . I bought the CD because the songs are better quality than buying them from ITunes or an online store , but in this album 's case , you might as well just buy the songs you like online , I do n't recommend buying the cd . What a waste !
 The band is great I 'll give them that , but the software on the CD prevents it from being copied to your computer . You can not even play it without being asked to answer an agreement that invades your privacy -LRB- meaning everytime you play the track they 'll monitor what you do with the track -RRB- . The only way you can hear the music is through a normal CD player . Food for thought
 As a hard rock fan since the 70s I had high hopes for this one . Unfortunately I lost interest after about the 4th tune . This is corporate rock at it 's most boring . It reminds me of bands like Boston or Journey - just a bit harder . It seems that these guys need to recharge their bank accounts after not doing much since their respective glory days . Try Opeth or Clutch if you 're looking for kick-butt rock with a creative touch .
 I realise that just recently a new album has been done by the band to which they may have shown growth from the lame title of `` supergroup '' into a substance-orientated band considering the band members.Which i believe was half the problem with this record.There was so much expectation on my end . I guess I am at fault for this because I love Stone Temple Pilots and Guns n Roses pre-spaghetti incident -LRB- sympathy for the devil was an awesome tune though and looked it this with the sort of tenacious glee of getting my hands on what seemed to look like a perfect melting pot of similar styles.I was so wrong.This album , production aside , felt like it was done in a matter of just speeding the process along and getting something out . Scott Weiland 's vocal style also at the time didnt really feel fitting with the theme of the band , which felt very much like a gnr band.Such a waste of money , I dont know if I will bother buying into this new album . Maybe they 've improved but that first impression was by far , the worst for me .
 Do n't be fooled by this so called `` rock n ' roll supergroup '' as this band is made up of washed up musicians that are either addicted to drugs or have to big of an ego to even bother writing decent songs all the while trying to make an attempt at reliving their own `` glory days . '' This , along with 99.9 % of everything else you hear on the radio and tv , is whats wrong with music these days . Stop eating up everything the radio and TV plays and go find some real talented bands out there that actually deserve the attention for being original and innovative , but please VR , give it up . Truth of the matter is is none of these guys deserve any respect . Scott Weiland ca n't keep a needle out of his arm for two seconds to realize he could quite possibly not be gods gift to music and Guns N ' Roses will go down as one of the most egotistical and biggest flash in the pan bands ever while they keep dangling a reunion in front of everyone one of there fans that ca n't seem to come to grips with the fact that GNR broke up years ago . So what do you get ? Velvet Revolver . Hope you enjoy cliched radio rock . No thank you . Go pick up the new Unearth album titled `` The Oncoming Storm '' on 6/29 and start listening to real music made by real people .
 Latest Van Halen NewsVelvet Revolver explains why DLR would n't participate - Wednesday , March 14 , 2007Billboard reports the following explanation for why David Lee Roth did n't perform : Velvet Revolver performed in place of Van Halen and without Roth . Frontman Scott Weiland explained the ensuing controversy
 PURE TRASH FROM THIS HIGHLY ANTICIPATED SUPER GROUP ... ENOUGH SAID !
 Velvet Revolver is nothing more than an updated version of Stone Temple Pilots and Velvet Revolver will never ever have the same success or impact as Guns N ' Roses . Guns N ' Roses are rock legends and had massive success with all their albums : Use Your Illusion I & IIAppetite for DestructionG N ' R LiesThe Spaghetti Incident?Guns N ' Roses scored chart success with the # 1 singles , Sweet Child O'Mine and November Rain and top ten singles with Patience , You Could Be Mine , Welcome to the Jungle - one of the greatest rock anthems of all-time and Do n't Cry - a classic ballad and showcases Slash at his absolutely best.Scott Weiland is great vocalist - but his project , Velvet Revolver can only dream about the same success as Guns N ' Roses.Stick with Guns N ' Roses - the success speaks for itself.Guns N ' Roses is superior to Velvet Revolver.Velvet Revolver is nothing more than a recycled version of Stone Temple Pilots and wo n't have the staying power as Guns N ' Roses and they wo n't sell the same number of albums as Guns N ' Roses.Stick with G N ' R !! Skip this album and get the albums by Guns N ' Roses !!
 I thought the CD was okay , but after seeing this band live I realize it is just regurgitated 80s rock . G n R were okay , as was STP . but the seperation of those bands should have ended all there careers . what made these people good in there time was a combanation of more than a just few things with their original bands , Both Wieland and Slash dont seem to be very capatibal with one another . its almost as if they are running on some hogwash script for 12 year old and little girls . a dire shame to see these people sink to this level
 You think would ` nt you with Scott Weiland -LRB- Stone Temple Pilots -RRB- and the lads from Guns n roses could make a record a bit better than this.It has its moments and is worth a listen , but after all the radio plays its got , its just darn annoying !
 I heard the song , saw the video but damn if I havent been suckered . Slither is the only song on the CD worth listening to . The rest of the album is crap-no good riffs , rythms or harmonies . There is nothing on this album to set it apart from its contemporaries.I wished and hoped this album would do it for me but ... I 'd give it 0 stars if I could .
 Ca n't believe MTV wasted an episode of the Headbangers Ball with this band . Perhaps they fit the `` hard rock '' category , but have them on TRL where they 'll be appreciated by younguns who do n't know the difference and burnouts who knew them back when . Metal has changed and there 's no place for fossils .
 This album is nothing more than rehashed STP and GNR cliches . Looking for innovative , groundbreaking rock ? You wo n't find it here . Rather than moving forward , Velvet Revolver are merely living in the past , and it sucks . Guys , 1987 called ; they 're sick of you . Feel free to join us in the year 2005 anytime !
 This is the worst CD I have ever owned . Id rather listen to Hanson . Scott Weiland needs to go back on heroin so his music will be good again . As for the rest of the band , they all need to retire becasue the music sounds like G-N-R . Originality maybe ?
 Stone Temple Pilots Scott Weiland = GOODVelvet Revolver Scott Weiland = BADIf you want to hear some awesome Scott vocals stick to STP , it 's your best bet . VR is awful ! I had high hopes for Velvet Rovolver when they first came out but I was extremely disappointed after I bought Contraband ... they should ban this cd ! I miss the old school , grunge vocals of Scott Weiland . It just breaks my heart , man :-LRB- * sniff sniff * I suggest STP 's `` Thank You . '' It 's a great collection of their hits . Listen to that and try to take your mind off what has become of our dear , Scott .
 Typical ... first song released on radio gets your hopes up ... then you hear the rest of the cd ... what a letdown . I swear , if I hear `` Fall To Pieces '' one more time on radio , Im going to switch to talk radio . Nearly every track on the cd is bland and unmemorable . I swear I tried to like it . But I just couldnt . I ended up giving the cd away . Are there any groups made up of former members of other well known bands that end up being good ? I think its a proven formula that this setup only produces one thing ... pure crap .
 As others have stated , you can not download this CD into your computer to transfer to an MP3 player which is completely unacceptable . Portable CD players are all but obsolete , like Walkmans in 2000 . However , I have recently found out that not only do the Sony copywrighted CDs not play on computers , they make your computer vulnerable to viruses and destroy CD drives . It ca n't be a coincidence that after I downloaded this CD into my computer , I was infected with 2 Trojan horses -LRB- which I had to wipe the computer clean 3 times to get rid of , and I still do n't think they are gone , that computer can not access the internet without crashing -RRB- and then 2 weeks later , my CD drive quit working forever . Do not buy this CD !!!!! Do n't support the A-Holes who do this ! My computer can not access the internet anymore because if it does , the trojan wreaks havoc , even though I have reinstalled the operating system 3 times . I have only one CD drive to work with now -LRB- ha ha , it is the burner , I can still make CD mixes for the car ! -RRB- . My computer crashes every other day . Sony sucks . I am never buying another Sony CD again , no matter how much I love the artist !
 Therefore this CD is a piece of crap ;P . I was gon na buy it , but I 've changed my mind .
 Overrated and dull band.They might play okay but who cares when no one in the band can right a decent lyric or hook.For those with fond memories of Cinderella and Poison.Avoid .
 I love Slashes solos , but do n't like the CD that much overall . Scott Weilands vocals are so indistinct ... nothing like in STP . The lyrics do n't really say anything to me . I 've listened to this CD a lot and it has n't grown on me . Slither is a stand out track though .
 From the annoying name to the annoying vocals this album disappoints on many levels.First let me say that this album sounds repetitive and on the whole , uninspired . Secondly Scott Weiland is a terrible singer and lyricist and has no business hooking up with the former Gunners . Lastly let me state that all the industry hype behind this album makes me sick to my stomach and is a waste of their resources . Downloading music has not kill the record industry , pushing garbage like this is what 's killing the music industry . C'mon I spend money on this album and then I can not even rip it to my MP3 player to take on the road with me ! What a slap in the face to consumers!Let me get back to the album review . If this album had been released in the early 90 's it may have been a masterpiece but now it is just plain embarrassing . The Gunners have a penchant for writing cool metal riffs but this is 2004 and I do n't think the world cares about cool metal riffs . They are good enough to pull off the heavy metal rollicking and the album does sound tight musically but this album just does n't get my foot tapping . However , I ca n't lay all the blame on them because with a dynamic vocalist and catchy choruses this load of garbage could have actually amounted to something.Words just can not do justice to how bad Scott Weiland actually is . He writes the most inane trite lyrics and his annoying voice makes me want to shut off the radio everytime I hear him . I ca n't believe these guys had their choice of vocalists from a competitive open audition and chose this idiot , then to top it off he gets busted for being stupid and ends up recording the album while serving time in jail . That is so ludicrous on so many levels that I will just finish up and advise anyone reading this to stay away from this album and spend their hard earned cash elsewhere .
 Buy the album from iTunes ! Burn the CD .
 I really did n't know what to expect so I was n't disappointed . But I was n't all that impressed , either.Scott Weiland 's vocals tend to get buried in the wall of well , ` noise ' produced by the others . It 's difficult to understand the lyrics until about the tenth repetition . Lots of almost-thrash . The third cut , Big Machine , was actually my favorite .
 This album blows , big time ... I should have expected it , there was so much hype surrounding this band , but calling them a `` supergroup '' just because it contains members of GNR , and Scott Weiland is misleading , and is false-advertisement . Slash 's riffs are okay , but Weiland 's lyrics are more bizarre than ever , and really do n't fit the groove or the melody of the songs on the album . I think the GNR guys are just too heavy a rhythm section for Scott Weiland , and these guys just do n't fit together . What Scott Weiland needs to do is get real , and call up the Deleo brothers are reform STP , and come back stronger than ever . Slash should just go back to the Snakepit , and the other members should go back to being family men , or studio musicians , or maybe Slash should get them to play in Snakepit with him . All I know is that this album stinks , and I do n't see the next album being any better . What a joke of an album and a band .
 These tracks are lacking in so many ways , it would take a while to list them all - here are a few of them .1 -RRB- Contraband is derivative . `` Headspace '' sounds suspiciously like the riff from Soundgarden 's `` Spoonman '' , except not as good , by far . It 's like half the riff , the first half . `` Do it for the Kids '' and `` Sucker Train Blues '' sound more like scale exercies or random noodling than actual songs - very forgettable stuff .2 -RRB- The melodies are repetitive . On `` Big Machine '' and `` You Got no Right '' and `` Superhuman '' , almost all the songs actually , the melodies and lyrics repeat on and on and on with little variety . `` You Got No Right '' is extremely boring , start to finish , what a snore fest ! Ca n't this guy bother to think of different lyrics for the chorus once in awhile , or sing it in a different way ? 3 -RRB- Vocals are weak . Weiland is n't as good as he used to be . I 'm glad his life is going better , but he needs to pay more attention to getting his vocals mojo back . He 's still ok and even good here and there , but there 's a lot more attitude than talent in these songs . He sounded 10 x better on early STP songs like `` Interstate Love Song '' . And quite frankly , he simply is n't in the same league as A. Rose - who would have lifted this album immeasurably if he were the singer !! 4 -RRB- Others have said it too - the guitars are n't upfront enough , and are blandly mixed often . Great solos though on `` Loving the Alien '' and `` Sucker Train Blues '' and elsewhere , it 's nice to know Slash still has the chops and intensity , however misguided this band is .5 -RRB- There 's a lack of spontanaeity and fun . All over the place is a lot of whining and overproduction , and not enough rockin ' !! And alluding to point number 1 , better riffs would have helped . When the riff is strong , like on `` Superhuman '' and `` Fall to Pieces , unfortunately a lame , redundant melody is applied by Weiland , so by the time the song ends I 'm yawning.Thinking about it , this band has potential still , but this album is way overhyped . It 's dull all over , with flashes of brilliance in many songs but only a couple that are n't boring in places -LRB- another ex. , Slither - great riff , great verses and solo , lame chorus , ends too soon , not enough guitar ! -RRB- If you want Awesome work by Slash and Sorum since their last Guns 'N Roses recordings , go get the first Snakepit album from '95 - many extremely strong riffs , spontaneous vibe , extraordinary solos , and a feel that they just went in and recorded it , there 's a rawness to it . In fact , half of the songs on `` It 's Five ' o Clock Somewhere '' would have been excellent G'NR songs.As for Velvet Revolver , well , maybe they 'll get it right next time .
 I really wanted to like this album , and I do think it 's pretty good ... music wise . However , it contains software copyright protection that will mess with your computer and you can forget about bringing along your favorite tracks on your MP3 player because it wo n't let you !! When will music companies realize that they are just ticking off regular consumers ? They are selling digital media , but wo n't allow us to take full advantage of it . Forget it ! Until the RIAA ` gets it ' , I 'm not buying another CD .
 well , sorry to say , although `` slither '' was great when it came out , it soon died on me , and so did the album . it 's pretty boring , i ca n't get into it . sorry scott , wrong idea , end it all together .
 What 's the point in buying a cd , when downloading it illegally off the internet will provide me with a product that I can actually use in the ways that I want to ? Do the record companies think that this silly copy-protection is going to prevent these MP3 from being traded all over the internet ? All its doing is punishing the people who actually paid for the CD . This also makes the downloadable version better and more enticing . If anything , silly copy-protection manuevers like this are only going to promote internet theft . This makes me want to download it off the internet -LRB- even though I did n't particularly like the music -RRB- and make sure that everyone I know also pirates it off me , just to protest this kind of stupidity . Did n't anyone learn from what happened to Metallica 's career after Lars ' Napster crusade ?
 A friend of mine bought this right after it was released , he is a huge Guns N Roses fan , where as I 'm a big a fan of STP . When I asked if I could borrow it , he said I could keep it , an obvious sign of someone not impressed . I tried to like this , I really did . But it seems to me that the band just threw a bunch of riffs together to make songs , riffs that are all mediocre , and then phoned it in , so to speak . I guess this music does fit in with contemporary radio-friendly rock , because it really is boring and lacks substance . A sad statement of the current rock scene . The only thing super about this album is how super-crappy it is .
 Much like the band ` U2 ' - When you reach the status of merely being able to sell albums based on your name alone , you do n't have to worry about how good your songs actually are ... & much like U2 , when Guns N ' Roses & Stone Temple Pilots were first starting out - the motivation was there to write good songs , because they did n't have their name & fame to rely on ... & Much like ` U2 ' , all that is gone now - Now the very idea of ` GnR ' , & the singer of STP forming a band together , is excuse enough to put them on the cover of magazines & promote them to death ... But then one has to wonder ... how much effort would they actually have to put into this album to sell it ? the answer ? ... not much at all - the motivation for writing good songs is replaced with the `` rock star '' attitude & thinking frame of mind such as , `` we 're big , everyone knows us , they 'll buy it ` cus we 're big '' - Which is exactly what makes this album so uninspired & boring , quite frankly ... I heard ` Slither ' on the radio , like all of you did ... `` Yar , here crums the waterit crums to wrash awray the sinsof you & I , this time I seeYAR ! '' - Is it just me , or do those lyrics sound way too awfully familiar to the mediocre lyrics Scott Weiland has written in STP 1000 times before ? ... & then theres , ` Fall to Pieces ' ... IF YOU 'RE LOOKING FOR DEPRESSING HARD ROCK SONGS SUCH AS `` FALL TO PIECES '' , I GOT 3 WORDS FOR YOU ABOUT A BAND THAT DID IT MUCH BETTER & MORE SINCERELY - ALICE IN CHAINS - The rest of the songs on this album lack of any real coherent effort to put together a moving , or original idea - When I say , `` Creed broke up , now we have to deal with these guys '' - I mean it ... Creed was famous for releasing incredibly accessible songs , with albums where any song that was n't released as a single was practically unlistenable to any Creed fans in the first place - this is why Velvet Revolver is the new Creed , they 're doing the same thing - relying on a few songs , & their name to sell records ... - My advice ? if you 're looking for a great supergroup , check out ` Audioslave ' - Soundgarden & Rage Against the Machine both had substance & importance in their music ... which is what makes Audioslave such a great idea ... Audioslave 's evil twin , ` Velvet Revolver ' is a supergroup consisting of the opposite - a group of 2 bands that had no substance , nor importance in their music - Want my advice?Pick up1 -RRB- Pearl Jam 's greatest hits album , ` Rearviewmirror ' 2 -RRB- Pick up ` Audioslave 's ' albumThat is all ... much like U2 - Velvet Revolver needs to learn they ca n't just go selling albums based on their name alone , it should require effort - with that said , do n't buy albums from artists like VR & U2 - It 'll hurt their ego when their record sales go down ... & if you want better music from them - that 's the best thing you can do to help
 I 'm basing this review on the Velvet Revolver album I heard after I had purchased it and imported it into my iPod ... it sucks !
 its in ok cd but they are trying to sound too much like a new stp . and slashes guitar solo 's sound like he is stuck in the 80 's . i am not saying its not a talented cd but its not a sound of there own
 While this album is roughly the equivalent of Van Hagar -LRB- Two great bands getting together and achieving a sum much less then either was before -RRB- the biggest draw back to this disk is the fact that it will not work with iTunes nor with iPOD.Piracy is a problem . Do not punish those that buy the music !
 Sony-BMG put software on this disk -LRB- and many others -RRB- that uses techniques commonly used by malware to mask its presence . The DRM software developed by a British company First 4 Internet is poorly written and provides no means for uninstall . The software , known as XCP , indiscriminately hides registry keys . Registry keys are the values used by Windows operating system to run , configure and maintain software on the system and potentially allow malicious code to use the copy-protection software to hide itself.For most users Windows users that stumble across the cloaked files with a -LRB- rootkit detector -RRB- scan will cripple their computer if they attempt the obvious step of deleting the cloaked files.This malware can avoided by using a non Windows computer - Linux or a Mac
 I want my money back and it does n't even have anything to do with the music ! I found out too late how to avert the following problem !! Before loading this CD to your PC google for help ! The anti-copy software that came with the CD that was unwittingly loaded to my PC made it impossible to put the songs on my playlist . I will not carry 50 CDs to work/school ... -LRB- I BUY CDs *** YES I BUY THEM *** and make compilations -RRB- ... so this one will be left behind . I never even played Slither all the way thru . I 'd like to send them the CD back if they 'd refund me my money and send the uninstall software . I 've already spent more time on it than its worth ... no matter how good it MIGHT be I will never purchase another CD by Velvet Revolver or ever finish listening to this one . Time is money and they owe me . If I HAVE to have another song by this group I will borrow it from a friend . Sad that in their quest to stop free downloads ... they have offended some of the people who actually DO purchase CDs .
 I buy any other album I can make a copy on my MP3 player . Listen to while at the beach . On cassette & play in my car . That is not stealing . I ca n't play this on my PC at work.There is a list of approved portable MP3 Player that are allowed to play this album . I own a Yepp , an Archos niether are approved . IPODS are not approved . Part of the copy protection will not let you rip MP3 it will rip WMA windows media file . Bill gates will descide which MP3 player he will sell enconding to . Right now that does not include Apple . If you want this on IPOD you will have to buy it from ITUNES.Uniteligent medicated artist have figured out a way to make Bill Gates even more wealthy.This is out of control . I ca n't play this on my computer unless I am connected to the Internet . Your not allowed to copy . We are at an important point in the digital age . Buying this or any copy protected CD is sleeping with the enemy.I bought and paid for my cd why are you applying copy protection on my stuff ? I should be able to listen to MY CD anywhere and anyhow I CHOOSE and not have to license -LRB- Pay for the same thing three times -RRB- or ask Bill Gates which MP3 player to buy . Spend your energy figuring out how to protect your material some other way . It 's the knuckleheads on ITUNES & other online delivery systems that you need to worry about . What 's next ? Give you $ 5.00 for every DVD player I put my DVD movie into?All this so Scott Weiland can get his balloon of cheese and Bill Gates begin another monopoly . The CD is average at best . Have you read this clowns lyrics , what 's he talking about ? One word Scotty , Methadone . GIVE IGGY BACK HIS PANTS Buffoon!PS you can hold the shift key all you want you are n't going to be able to rip this CD . That simply does n't work with this encryption . You can not skip tracks copy protection forces you to listen to the whole album.There is no fast-forwarding rewinding repeating.AT LEAST WARN US YOU HAVE DEPLOYED THIS COPY PROTECTION SO WE CAN MAKE AN INFORMED CHOICE . LIST APPROVED MP3 PLAYERS ON CD COVER . STATE THAT YOU MUST HAVE AN INTERNET CONNECTION TO PLAY ON PC . I PERSONALLY WOULD NEVER BUY ANY CD THAT USE THIS FORM OF PROTECTION.FIGHT THE POWER , SKIP THE SONGS YOU DO N'T WANT TO HEAR . QUIT MAKING BILL GATES RICHER .
 I agree with the other reviewers here in regards to the copy restriction software placed on this disc . As an iPod user , I ca n't add this CD to my player , and what is more bizarre is that they 're selling this album on iTunes . Then why in the world did they add this copy prevention software to the original CD?I understand the record companies wanting to stop free internet distribution of their music , but this is a little rediculous.The 1 star is for the frustration with the copy protection software , the music is actually really good . It 's one of my favorite CDs out right now , along with mr.deviant 's `` Techno Obsession '' which is a great mix of power rock and hard dance music for killer instrumentals . Thankfully , mr.deviant 's CD does NOT contain any copy prevention software .
 I bought this CD as my `` Featured Selection '' from BMG Music Service . There were no warnings nor statements about any special digital licensing that went with this CD . With shipping and handling , this disk came to over 20 BUCKS!Now , I can understand the music industry 's uproar over MP3s and music sharing . But , when I drop that much cash on a CD , I EXPECT TO BE BUYING IT TO USE AS I SEE FIT . Like an increasing number of music buyers , I like to file my CDs away safely and keep the music on a large computer hard drive or portable player . CDs made like this one do not let you do this!I feel bad for the artists , because I wonder how much say they have in this . But I believe that music consumers should boycott these types of manufactured CDs until the music industry gets the message loud and clear
 Copy protected CDs are an abomination and should be vigorously boycotted . DO NOT BUY THIS CD .
 The copy protection on this cd prevented me from playing it in the cd players in my car and computer ... currently the only two places I can play cds . I 've heard a few songs from this on the radio and elsewhere . What I heard was decent , but between the copy protection and the fact that I found the several songs I did hear only mildly interesting I would n't buy this if I could do it over again .
 i can NOT play this CD in my computer at work . the `` digital permissions-whatever-things '' wont load up , therefore , i can not use any media player to listen to my new CD . thanks a lot . IF I PAY $ 15.99 FOR A CD I EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO LISTEN TO IT WHEREEVER I GODDAMN WANT TO . IF THE EMBEDDED ANTI PIRACY TECHNOLOGY IS N'T GOING TO WORK SEAMLESSLY THEN DO N'T USE IT .
 If you saw Frontline with this band , you know why this album lacks any energy . A great idea that was ruined by the record execs . in order to sell millions . It 's all about the cash ... what a shame , but I should have known better .
 this cd isnt band but i wouldnt buy it because of the POS record company there a copy protection on it that puts spyware on your comeputer ... Your better off downloading Limewire and downloading it track by track and burning it on a CD yea you may not get all the album art but aleast it works on your compter and IPod
 Here 's how life works when you 're dumb like me
 They need to find a better way to stop sharing . I very rarely get time to listen to my CDs in my stereo . So I buy them , rip them to MP3 and listen on my MP3 player during my commute to and from work . Now , after paying 14.00 I can not listen to my own CD ! An outrage ! Also , if you put it into a computer it opens its own program and will not play through Media Player or Real Player . And ... when you put it into a computer it loads hidden software on it and then will not play in any other computer ! I am sure someone has figured out how to make MP3s by now so just download it and you will have more freedom with the files than if you actually paid for it . Unreal !
 The music rocks . The lyrics and vocals are ridiculous and annoying.Very disappointing choice of a singer .
 Being that I 'm a huge fan of both G N `` R and STP I was really curious how this album would work , seeing how theres almost no comparison in the diference of musical style between the two bands . I wanted to love this album so much guys , but instead I found I was TRYING to like it . There are a few kick ass songs here , Slither , Set Me Free , and Illegal I Song do the job just fine , but the album sounds really modern , with the exception of Set Me Free , I dont hear a hint of that good old find a bitch and put her to good use G N ' R attitude , and maybe it isnt supposed to be there . Maybe these guys are trying to start fresh , which I can respect , but the album just doesnt grab you by the balls like both bands previous music . Now contrary to what alot of people think , I do think Scott Weiland is a very good singer . Not great , -LRB- Sebastian Bach , Chris Cornell , Phil Ansemble , spelling ? and yes , Axl Rose -RRB- but give the guy credit . And he 's an even better rock star -LRB- hehe -RRB- . I think his voice is the best thing on the album . The songs just arent catchy . Theres ' so much talent in this band , maybe if Izzy happened to be in Kushners ' place and was involved in the songwriting there would be more to like . If I had it my way , STP would be working on a new album , the rest of Velvet would reinvent Snakepit with Izzy , and we would n't be sitting here wishing for something more .
 For the music , Velvet Revolver is great . Good sound , singing , and lyrics . However , the CD itself is horrible . The geeky people behind the technology of the album suck . I ca n't listen the album in my computer . I ca n't see the extra features it brings . It always crashes my computer . It 's a poor job.If you want the music , download it at legal and authorized places like iTune . Do n't buy the album , it 's not worth .
 *** note , this record only got 1 star becuase amazon would n't let me give it 0 stars *** after reading the 5 star rave reviews of this debacle i could only wonder if any of the reviewers had actually listened to this mess or if they are old enough to remember GNR and/or STP . just curious . in any event , the most apt review of this record was penned in my local free rag , and i thought i 'd spread the word : first of all , these boys should not be permitted to call their band `` velvet '' ANYTHING . if you have to ask why , then maybe this garbage is actually for you . this record is nothing more than rehashing of GNR/STP glory days while throwing in a mix of 90s rock which was gloriously 6 feet under until these dudes for some reason dug it back up again . why music buyers feel compelled to glorify these washed up old fools is anyone 's guess . the music is uninspired , derivitive , stupid , and worst of all - no damn fun to listen to . i can only wonder about the guilt the record exec . who green-lighted this joint is feeling . why , mr. record exec . ? why not just let these guys fade away into obscurity like the almighty intended ? if i want useless uninspired music from old addicts who USED to be relevant i 'll just go through the rolling stones ' catalog from the last 20 years .
 This album was by far the biggest dissapointment of 2004 . Given the personel present on this record , it should have been incredible . Instead , the members of this group , formerly aquanted with glory , have released a disc filled to gills with , well ... filler . there is nothing memorable on this album AT ALL.Usually I complain about record censorship , even if a record company releases both a `` dirty-words '' version and a `` No dirty words '' version , as it usually represents to me a comprimise and perversion of the art . However , This disc is so devoid of any art , meaning , or originality the lack of `` offensive words '' really has no bearing on the end result of this product.This recording is terrible . I would use a lot more dirty words to discribe it , but as this is a review of the edited version , I shall refrain .
 The much anticipated team up of Stone Temple Pilots frontman Scott Weiland with former Guns 'N Roses members Slash , Duff , and Matt Sorum seemed like a better idea on paper than the actual product . As a band , Velvet Revolver tries to blend both elements of STP and Guns 'N Roses with alternative hooks and power ballad melodies ; but it does n't mix . `` Set Me Free '' , a teaser track featured on last summer 's Hulk soundtrack , is just that
 god , what a truly trendy album.it 's like , they got ta make $ but at what expense ?! if you 've already bought into it , whatever , but it still sounds like chick-rock you 'd hear at the cheap strip clubs if you ask me . -LRB- which you did n't , but oh well . -RRB- stick with old gnr , early pantera , slayer , pumpkins , alice , or anything else with soul-driven material ... keep away from the nu-metallers with dollar signs in their eyes .
 crap , crap , crap ... not even half the band that Guns n ' Roses was ...
 Could be better with some more Weiland voice . Nothing great ...
 Slash , formerly of Guns N ' Roses , is an amazing guitar player . Who will ever forget his work on November Rain ? The guitar from that video is forever burned in my memory as I was amazed at how cool the solo was . Joining this young rock legend is Scott Weiland of Stone Temple Pilots.Scott Weiland can not sing . Lets dispel that myth right now . He mumbles in a drug induced slur to turned down guitars . I had hoped he would improve and actually try to have a little energy in his voice since he is playing with a real rocker . He does n't . When you pit a real rocker like Slash with a poser like Scott Weiland , you get more poser rock than real rock . Welcome to Velvet Revolver.I picked up the Velvet Revolver record about a week ago with low expectations . I have tried to give it an opportunity to impress me by playing it over and over . Sometimes an album can grow on you . This is not one of those times and even low expectations were not met . You know a record is bad when Brides of Destruction sound good compared to it.What subtracts from the record ? First , the guitars are turned down for the most part . Not volume wise , tone wise . Guns N ' Roses had somewhat high pitched guitar and high energy . Stone Temple Pilots had guitar work much like this and about as up beat of a message . Simply put , this is not Weiland learning what rock is about . This is Slash forgetting.Another thing that takes away from the record is the vocals , as I 've made quite clear . When Velvet Revolver was looking for a singer , everybody thought they would go with Sebastian Bach formerly of Skid Row . Here is a guy that understands what rock 'n' roll is about . High energy , sometimes aggressive , balls to the wall rock vocals with incredible range . Not complaining while mumbling to mediocre guitar work.If you are looking for a Slash record that sounds like GNR from his post GNR days , pick up the Slash 's Snakepit records . High energy rock 'n' roll with no posers involved . If you are looking for an album with no songs worth talking about but I 'm sure the media will say you should like . This dust collecting jewel case is for you .
 This band is awful beyond awful , just like ALL supergroups . I have never in my life heard such a half -LRB- ... -RRB- attempt at an album ! This here is 12 tracks of filler folks . If you pay good money for this , than you are a -LRB- ... -RRB- . Supergroups are all awful . They do n't bother putting any effort into their music , they just throw together a bunch of filler . And then they just sit back and watch their album fly off the shelves because the public is too stu.pid to recognise a scam when they see it . And thats all a supergroup is -- a scam ! It 's just a corporate creation designed to fool the fans into buying a bunch of total junk . Its just easy money for all the artists involved , and very little else . They know that they 're already popular and no matter how awful their songs are , its guaranteed to sell . They do everything really half as.s.ed.Even the very name of this band is made up of filler . I mean think about it -- `` Velvet Revolver '' -- how much thought do you think went into that name ? That 's right , none ! All they did was put together the first two random words that they thought of . That name is completely meaningless , I could pull a better band name out of my a.s.s!This group is too lazy to even come up with a decent name , let alone play any good songs . Every single track here is embarrasingly inane and largely pointless cr@p! The songs have no interesting or original ideas in them , it all sounds the same and just grates on my ears . Can you really put trash like `` Slither '' or `` Falling to Pieces '' in the same category as `` Patience '' or `` Civil War '' ? I think not ! I 'm not even a fan of Stone Temple Pilots , but even that band was light years ahead of Velvet revolver . At least STP did n't produce their albums on autopilot like Velvet Revolver . This band stinks , they 're absolutely terrible ... awful , awful , AWFUL !
 Apart from the obvious `` The Best Of 's '' , Audioslave has been my finest CD purchase up until I purchased Velvet Revolver with the view that my favourite CD was soon to be relegated to the great CD storage folder in the sky . After playing Contraband straight through a number of times I must say Audioslave is secure in my CD player . Do not get me wrong Contraband rocks , but I can not see any real longetivity out of this one apart from Slither . Audioslave released 14 songs of such high quality all could have been singles . Maybe not all Top 20 's but certainly top 40 material with Number 1 's such as Like a Stone , SMHTL , and even the underrated Getaway Car.Contraband is far too one paced at times to become a classic . The songwriting is not in the same class as Cornell , and the guitars/rythmn section lack the diversity shown by Morello , Commerford and Wilk . Slash is competent at best and at times like others have said you are almost waiting for Axl to come in.I expected a much closer contest but not to be . The advantage VR have next time around is that it would almost be impossible for Cornell and crew to top that effort . Better than Back in Black in my opinion in terms of quality and consistency and pips The Colour And The Shape Also but VR have the second album to hit their straps.Whilst opinions will obviously differ I am going to enjoy both CD 's regardless . Audioslave for its sheer brilliance and Contraband for throw your cares away and do not think too deeply kick arse rock.For those VR fans who have n't got a copy of Audioslave I would suggest doing so to see what could have been with more time taken and effort put into the CD.Slither rocks though and will be played for sometime yet . The rest has that `` filler '' feel about it .
 when you look you see right through me !?!?!?!!!!! just another generic rock band based from other bands just like Audioslave . this album is nothing special and not worth buying !!! !!!! Slash is atleast a great guitarist , that is all i can give them ... ps THE RASMUS ARE COOL hahahahahah just kidding
 What a dissapointment ! Being a big fan of GNR and STP , I was really excited about this album . Slither is a great song , but the rest of the album does not live up to the hype . All the songs sound very similiar -LRB- which is not a good thing -RRB- . Take a listen yourself before spending your cash -LRB- wish I would have -RRB- . Anyone want to buy a like new Velvet Revolver CD , only listened to once . I think I will list this one on ebay , like the last STP album which was another major dissapointment .
 Wow , been looking foward to this CD for a while . . What a dissapointment . It 's completely boring and unoriginal , not necessarily bad , but not a single song stands out either . These guys sound like a third rate Alice In Chains , which is sad , but Im not entirely surprised . I was never a huge fan of either Gn ' R or StP , but I at least appriciated both . CD is over produced ... Too much going on . Lacking decent basic melodies . These guys are trying too hard , the whole effort just comes off as phony . Sounds just like any other nu metal crap to me . . Linkin Park and Puddle of Mudd fans should dig it .
 I 'm not a kid so do n't think I 'm some 10 year old who is mad that this is n't G-N-R or STP . This cd has to be one of the most disappointing releases in recent memory . The music is at least 2 notches below the aforementioned bands . Weiland never really convinced me on his talent as a singer and does n't do anything on this to make me feel any differently . Slash , oh Slash , what has happened ? Where is the air-guitar worthy moments ? Drumming is terrible , I listen to alot of Rush so that does n't help my overly critical side when it comes to drumming . Let me put it this way , this is an average , if lucky , album . Nothing stands out to me but a few things do irritate me . Oh well , I 'll go back to listening to Rush and Floyd , I would even recommend the new U2 cd over this and I thought it was just above average . Listen to the samples and if at anytime you find your nose twisting , do n't buy it , because there are many more of the nose twisting moments in your future if you do .
 Cock rock with tunes galore , just not very good tunes . A hummer now and then -LSB- I am guilty of hummin ' ` Fall To Pieces ' myself -RSB- , but it sounds exactly like what you expect the lead singer of , say , Stone Temple Pilots to sound like if he joined some old , dissipated metal band like , say , Gun 's & Roses ... oh , wait ... My grade
 Was looking forward to this release due to the persons involved . Yes , the songs and the whole concept is great but if you are thinking of listening to this on anything more advanced than your car 's CD system forget it . It 's another loud , dynamically flat mix that doesnt let the music breath . Shame all modern releases seem to be done this way . Could have sounded much more dramatic with the levels pulled back.A missed opportunity . I look forward to the 32bit re-master in twenty years time .
 I bought the Velvet Revolver cd and it 's not the same as Guns N ' Roses . It 's more like a recycled version of Stone Temple Pilots under a new name . Sure , the album boasts great songs like Slither and Fall to pieces - but that 's about it . If you want Slash at his best , I would buy Guns N ' Roses - Appetite for Destruction , Guns N ' Roses - Use Your Illusion I and II and Guns N ' Roses - G N ' R Lies and The Spaghetti Incident ? You could also buy their Greatest Hits . Velvet Revolver is nothing more than a cheap imitation of Guns N ' Roses and Stone Temple PilotsThey said that the Eagles would never reunite and they did . Now there 's talk of David Lee Roth returning to Van Halen.A Guns N ' Roses reunion is long overdue and perhaps all the members of Guns N ' Roses could bury the hatchet at long last . It has been 14 years since a studio album from Guns N ' Roses was released.Velvet Revolver is worth a listen - but I would recommend getting the Guns N ' Roses album . Scott Weiland is not Axl Rose . Velvet Revolver is not Guns N ' Roses.It an updated version of Stone Temple Pilots and their album is similiar to Core , the first album released by Stone Temple Pilots.Velvet Revolver will be a one-hit wonder and wo n't have the same impact as Guns N ' Roses.Stick with Guns N ' Roses .
 So I just bought the new Velvet Revolver CD . It showed up yesterday . There is a sticker on the package that says : This CD is protected against unauthorized duplication . It is designed to play on standard playback devices and an appropriately configured computer . If you have questions or concerns visit www.sunncomm.com/support/bmgWhatever . So I pop the CD in the computer so that I can rip it and put it on my iPod . The CD starts playing some auto play stuff and then an embedded Windows Media Player comes up in a web page and allows you to play the songs . Exit . I went into iTunes and hit Import to rip the tracks . When it finished I went to play the tracks and they were all garbled . What 's going on ? Guess I ought to read that web page.So on that Sunncomm site it basically says the CD is protected . It will only allow you to play it on a computer with its technology . You can not rip tracks from the CD . It specifically states that you can not move the songs to an iPod because they -LRB- in so many words -RRB- do n't like Apple and Apple is n't working with them so screw Apple . Huh ? No , screw you . I like Apple and I just bought your music . But by the way , this album is available at the iTunes Music Store.After doing some research , it turns out that this company is putting their copy protection on more and more CDs . This one happens to be the first one that I have bought . So now what ? How does this work ? Turns out that when Windows starts to auto-run the CD , it quickly installs a hidden driver on your machine that is used to garble the sound of CDs protected by this technology . So now my computer is `` infected '' with this driver . Some grad school student figured this out a while back and let the world know if you just hold down the shift key , Window 's auto-run does not run and you have ready access to the CD . They threatened to sue him.That solution is too late for me , I already have this installed . More research and system scans pointed me to a hidden driver on my machine called SbcpHid . You will find it in your Windows \ System32 \ Drivers directory . So all you have to do is go into the Windows device manager , find it , stop it . Now you can rip . If you want it off your machine , you can uninstall it from there too.While there was a sticker on the front of the CD , I found this to be very sneaky . I mean installing hidden drivers on your computer . The driver is not marked with any company name or details so you do n't know what it is . The timestamp of the driver was manually adjusted so you could n't tell that this was installed today . This sounds like most of the spyware that we are all trying to rid our computers of.So where does that leave us ? If you buy the music in a store , you can only play on these certain devices ? If I would have bought this music at the iTunes music store , I am limited to what Apple wants me to do . So in this case , if I wanted a good old CD case and disc plus the music on my iPod , I would have to buy the same music 2 times according to the record company . That is n't right . Fair use law dictates it . If the industry does n't get this figured out , we are going to be in trouble . For now , I guess you and I need to be selective about how we buy our music .
 Do not buy this CD . It is copy protected . Let the RIAA know how you feel . Vote with you dollar . Refuse to purchase crippled CDs .
 First off , this is not an `` audio CD '' as defined by Philips 2 decades ago . Philps denounces these discs , as they do not adhere to the standard `` Compact Disc Digital Audio '' specification due to their copy protection mechanism . It 's too bad Amazon does n't tell you that anywhere in the description . I would call that false advertising.That said ... CDs do n't last forever . Unless I leave it in my car stereo 100 % of the time , it 's going to get pulled out and put back into its sleeve hundreds of times , and it 's going to get scuffed up , and maybe scratched , and eventually it 'll be unreadable . Even if I 'm as careful as I can be . That 's why I do n't carry any original CDs in my car - only backups . I leave the original in the house , in its jewel case , where it 's safe . But here 's a CD that I ca n't back up . Does that mean I 'm supposed to pay for a second copy ? I do n't think so , since I supposedly bought a `` license '' for the music on the disc . But does that mean the license is worn out with the disc ? Or not ? If it 's a license I bought , then I should be able to play it on my iPod/Walkman/Computer - not just my dedicated CD player . And if it 's a license , I should be able to turn in my old , worn out piece of plastic for a new one , because after all , the plastic is n't what I paid for - the license is . The record companies need to figure out what they 're selling before I 'm going to buy any more music from them . If I could just give an artist $ 10 to be able to listen to their songs wherever I wanted , I would do it in a heartbeat . But if this CD is any sign of things to come , then music as I knew it is dead . I will be returning my copy for a full refund , as this is not a music CD as advertised . And I 'll just download it from a P2P network somewhere , and now the artists do n't get any of my money . Now I 've spent all my words talking about corporate greed & monopolistic behaviors . What a shame . I do think it 's a descent Rock CD .
 I am a huge fan of Stone Temple Pilots -LRB- I own all of their records and have been to several shows -RRB- . I was really looking forward to this CD until I found out that it has copy restrictions . Purchasing a CD with copy restrictions -LRB- even easily defeatable restrictions -RRB- tells record labels that consumers will accept this erosion of their rights , and allows them to more easily introduce further restrictions in the future . If I ca n't backup the music that I purchased and convert it to whatever format that I wish , I 'm not interested . It really makes me sick that Velvet Revolver would support this . Vote with your dollar .
 this piece of plastic will not play in my computer . it 's already on it 's way back to amazon for a refund . not an exchange , a refund .
 Kudos to Amazon for clearly marking that this disc - it 's not really a CD because it violates the Red Book standards with its DRM malware - is `` CONTENT/COPY-PROTECTED . '' I know as soon as I see that not to buy such a disc because it does not allow me fair use of the music on the disc . I make mix CDs and travel CDs from discs that I buy . I ca n't do that with a disc such as this without violating the DMCA - which should be repealed , by the way.Retailers and Velvet Revolver are going to suffer because of RCA 's decision to not issue a true CD , but to release a disc loaded with malware instead.Buy a real CD instead , preferably one NOT issued by Sony BMG .
 I was eagerly awaiting the arrival for this CD , but to my surprise Velvet Revolver Contraband fell way short . I have given the CD three good honest listens and ca n't recommend it to any one , let alone have any desire to make copies for my children . I understand the artists not wanting their intellectual property copied and their music and hard work given away , but to install software on the CD to prevent this is just plain insulting . Maybe if record companies lowered their prices and paid the artists in a more timely manner people would not steal music . The guitar work on the album is good but , I feel the next CD from these guys will be better.G.C .
 This CD wo n't play on my PC . So I do n't even know if the music is good or not .
 Do n't buy this CD !!! You will live to regret it if you put it in your computer !!! And BTW , it wo n't play in most car CD players and some home stereo CD players either . What good is the CD if you ca n't listen to it ? Why does n't Sony want us to be able to transfer our music the mp3 player of our choice ? Because they want to force us to buy THEIR proprietary mp3 player with it 's proprietary battery pack and its proprietary memory stick . Screw them !
 Just got the cd today . I bought it cause I been getting requests for it . The music is OK , it is n't great . I ca n't honestly say that any one song jumps out as a hit to me . Part of the problem could be that because I use a computer as a sound system and I 'm limited to some of the worst quality WMA files I 've ever heard instead of MP3s . VR has decided to put some lame butt anti-copy turd on the disc that forces computer owners to use them . To make matters worse when I tried to close the player it locked up my system.This is not good for me because I do a lot of DJ work and my system runs on a computer . There 's no way I could play this disk on the system at my gigs because I can only use the nasty WMA files and I worry that it will lock up my system at the gig . Basicly this was a waste of money for me .
 This might have been a great album if you could copy the songs on to your computer or listen to them on your mp3 player . I have not used a cd player in 4 years for anything other than ripping my songs to my computer .
 I am glad I did n't buy it . I had a friend give it to me to listen to , what a major let down . One decent song on the whole album , the rest was boring and dull . No recommendation on this one from me .
 Like many people I enjoy the use of an MP3 player giving me the freedom to load playlists and have a small carrying profile that fits in any pocket.Velvet revolver may be a good CD but due to the copy proctection I can not load it to my mp3 player . Forcing me to return the CD since it does n't do me anygood to own and not enjoy it .
 Contraband has been done before . Even though there are some very good songs here -LRB- Do it for the kids , Sucker train blues , Slither , Loving the Alien , etc. . -RRB- , the album lacks charisma . Slash does not have a good guitar tone throughout the album . His playing is not unique anymore . It feels like he 's trying to imitate exactly what he did during his years with Guns N ' Roses . The riffs are not catchy enough and seem to be all over the place . Its a generic rock album . The only reason it has tasted success is because of all the star members . This album would be more on the unknown side if it wasnt for the ex members of GNR and a notorious drug addict lead singer . This is a `` rock n roll '' band that the music industry expects you to listen and buy . I recommend Silvertide over this.Highliht
 Guns N ' Roses , next to Led Zeppelin , define the essence of what hard rock is all about - the riffs , the attitude , the passion , the aggressive but sensitive swagger , the sense of danger and the joy of creating blistering sonic monuments that tell it like it is.I had a lot of hopes for this album , but it is sorely lacking . I 've played it over and over hoping to hear more ... but actually for a lot of songs they keep sounding worse . If we did n't know who they were , this too often sounds like a bunch dudes around 20 trying to sound like G N ' R or Led Zep.Where is the sense of chaos ? The anything goes guitar solos ? The soaring melodies ? The feeling of who knows what the next note or feeling will be?There is nothing classic here , no `` Mr. Brownstone '' , `` Paradise City '' , `` Civil War '' , `` Double-Talkin ' Jive '' , or `` Anything Goes '' -LRB- underated -RRB- etc. . The riffs are too often lame and redundant - you 're a genius Slash , but Spectacle in particular has `` outtake '' written all over it . No `` Interstate Love Song '' or that song from The Crow soundtrack either on Contraband for that matter , awesome songs , though I 'm more of a GNR than stp fan.Do it for the Kids , Spectacle -LRB- horribly mediocre riff -RRB- , Big Machine , Sucker Train Blues , Headspace - I mean this stuff is filler . Sounds like an edited mess , no sense of escape , too much structure - probably Weiland 's fault - too short often or they 'd be better , bland , repetitive melodies . And while Weiland is a decent singer , he 's not even close to Rose - funny enough , he does seem to be lamely imitating Axl a number of times throughout the album , falling short , very odd he 'd do that . Dude , I ca n't sing like Axl , nor can anybody else , and you should n't try to either.With that said , there are moments here . You Got No Right is all right , pretty but not great . Loving the Alien is gorgeous like a rainbow . Fall to Pieces is cheesy as heck but overall gets a thumbs up , great riff at the beginning before the Limburger melody gets heaped on , awesome solo by Slash too !! -LRB- big complaint - not enough Slash on this album , though he 's there in Top form sprinkled throughout the album . Fantastic , spine-tingling , signature solo on Slither too -RRB- . Dirty Little Thing is the best song on the album for me - raw , straight ahead rock , awesome attitude , elite vocals by Weiland as well.Illegal I is awesome - just a mesmerizing song , superb bridge , great spooky , laid-back psychedlic groove , really uniqe on this album , the guitars are genius.These guys can all play big-time , I 've heard the concerts are charismatic tour-de-forces , and I hope they stay together for a 2nd album.Almost give this 3 stars ... but ultimately it 's 21/2 .
 who was the real talent and star of GNR . Without him , three guys from GNR make for an unimpressive band.Witness the 180 used copies for sale , with three of them going for 1 cent . Short of giving them away free or paying people to take them , it ca n't go lower.I think the penny price would support my contention this simply is n't very good .
 You all definetly fell hook , line , and sinker for this one . I am a huge GNR fan and a huge STP fan and when I heard of them forming this band it brought an awful taste to my throat . An 80 's rock group and the singer from a 90 's alternative rock group forming together to play new rock just left me pondering . Im postive the idea behind this band was `` everyone will buy it '' and they were right . They had you pegged .
 VELVET REVOLVER 'S CONTRABAND sounds like any other album put out by any other crappy alternative band out there right now . Then again why would n't they ? Sure Slash , Duff and Matt from Guns N ' Roses are back together - but you 'd never know it . Slash keeps his presence pretty hidden , none of his riffs or solos shine like they did when he was in GN ` R . The band sounds like a cross between the Foo Fighters and one of the MANY Pearl Jam rip offs like Nickelback or Puddle of Mudd . -LRB- note that those bands merely RIP OFF Pearl Jam . . they 're nowhere nearly as good as them -RRB- This is in part due to the fact that Scott Weiland of Stone Temple Pilots had never been struck as much of an orignal singer . STP will forever be remembered as the butt of the grunge line-up . They sounded like Pearl Jam on some albums , and Alice in Chains on others . But STP is beside the point here . Scott 's presence only highlights the fact that the band sounds uninspired and unoriginal . The tracks must have been rushed through the studio , because nothing shines at all . None of the songs are that great . Slither sounds like every song on the album , and even sounds uncannily like Set Me Free from the Hulk soundtrack last summer , which is also present on the album.None of the projects that Slash , Duff or Matt have participated in since they left GN ' R have been any good . And Scott , well ... STP has n't had a good album in at least 10 years . This album is mostly anticipated because of the fact that Axl Rose keeps putting off the new GN ' R material . Axl was the songwriting core of GN ` R , and that power is what 's missing from Velvet Revolver , among a truckload of other improvements they could make .
 The album reminds us all why Axl Rose is the greatest frontman alive . Whilst Slash and boys play some solid riffs in songs ranging from SLITHER to FALL TO PIECES , it is clear Scott Weiland is not the creative genius Axl is . Most of the songs are mediocre and lack the passion and guts of the old GnR songs . The lyrics are awful in most songs and tend to be very repetitive.If want a decent hard rock record go out and buy Contraband , but if your expecting to hear GnR do yourselves a favour and avoid dissapointment .
 Oh me , oh my
 after hearing the first release from the album , i was excited to purchase what i thought would be a rockin ' cd . unfortunately , there are only two good songs on it and it 's not worth the purchase , in my opinion . the boys have definitely slowed down and lost their edge in the past few years . if you 're expecting the cd to reflect the sounds of the original release , i suspect you 'll be as disappointed as i was .
 this is a horrible albumvery very disappointing ... they need another vocalist who can singand slash needs to lay off the hotdogsonly good track ... NONE ! dont buy this !
 The most obvious comparison for this band is to Audioslave , the other supergroup to form recently . This is necessary because Audioslave set a perfect example of what a group like this should be , while Velvet Revolver failed . Where are Scott Weiland 's deep vocals from STP ? Where are Slash 's amazing riffs and solos ? They get lost in the confusing assault of sound on this album . They were too ambitious in trying to create a new sound . They should have done what Audioslave did in taking the amazing music of RATM , and combining it with Chris Cornell 's vocal and songwriting talent , and not trying to fuse them together until they find the right sound , which they clearly did . Contraband is a mess of noises that do n't really seem to flow together , but there is so much potential for this band . By the way , does anybody else notice that `` Dirty Little Thing '' , and `` Sucker Train Blues '' are almost the exact same song ?
 European buyers be forewarned
 Note , above , that the format is `` copy protected . '' This means that :1 -RRB- It wo n't play on some older CD Players2 -RRB- You ca n't transfer any of the cuts on this CD to an iPod -LRB- or any other MP3 player , for that matter -RRB- unless you defeat the copy protection .3 -RRB- This CD will install a virus-like program onto your computer the first time you play it . -LRB- It 's this program that enforces the copy protection , and the CD wo n't play if the program is not installed . -RRB- You can defeat the copy protection by disabling `` autorun '' on your machine , or on some Windows systems , by holding down the Shift key when you load the CD -LRB- which temporarily turns of autorun -RRB- . If you do n't do that , then the copy-protection virus will be installed.Some versions of the copy-protection system have introduced serious security vulnerabilities into Windows machines , so if you decide to play this CD on a computer , check with Sony to get any updates that include the security fix . You will have to check for updates periodically , even if you do n't play the CD more than once , and install fixes for any new security vulnerabilities as they are discovered . Sony goes to great pains to hide this program from you -LRB- just like other viruses -RRB- , so it 's hard to remove it once it 's installed , so again , do n't play the disk on a computer unless you 're committed to getting regular updates from Sony.I 'd skip the CD and buy the music from iTunes .
 Come on ... we BUY the CD and ca n't put it on our ipod !! Sure install software to create security breaches in your system.AND only 2 good songs ... what a rip .1 star for the music.-1 star for greed . THIS IS A HUGE ZERO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This CD contains the much-maligned Sony-BMG Suncomm MediaMaxx copy protection software . Somehow Amazon missed marking this one as such . This is a warning to customers about the security vulnerabilities that are installed to Windows PC upon use . The `` copy protection '' software is installed if you accept the terms or not , and there are significant vulnerabilities which must be patched if you wish to keep the software and be able to play the disc on your PC . You may also uninstall the software using Suncomm 's uninstaller . Both the patch and uninstaller are available at http://www.sonybmg.com/indexmediamax.htmlThe `` music '' on this CD is mediocre filler for my otherwise carefully selected library . Unfortunately , I am limited to using it on arcane CD players , so this one will see very little play in my house .
 This album and everything about this band was terribly overrated and then some . From the way this was talked about one would have expected some album to surface similar to another Appetite For Destruction or Deep Purple Machinehead that would knock the world to its knees and `` bring back '' hard rock to the masses . Highly untrue.First off , the production is horrible . Everything sounds droned out . There are a few catchy type tunes but overall this is not , at least to me , one of those albums where you wan na hit replay on one or more of the tracks because they were so good . It is also a disappointment to hear Slash , a great hard rock guitarist , playing mostly alternative type guitar work . Overall this is basically STP meets B-rate GNR . Not terrible , but nothing GREAT by any standards.Again , it was overhyped and now the promoters and fans alike have to try and accomodate that hype . The fact of the matter is , is this is medicore . Nevermind a band like the Scorpions have released a far better new album that has seen little if no hype or promotion . This will probably be the only release from this line-up -- SOONER OR LATER you will see the original GNR -LRB- hopefully with Adler , too -RRB- and STP line-ups back together.Id give this maybe a 2.5 outta 5 . Anybody who rates this as a masterpiece could n't hit sand if they fell off a camel .
 Just use CDex to rip it to MP3s . You might need an older version , but it works fine .
 Hold down the shift button as you insert the cd into your disk drive and it prevents the copyright software from loading onto your computer . Simple as that . Who would want to spread this generic unmotivated music anyway . Listen to G&R and STP , two drugged out rock bands that are good in their own respects . This amalgamut of talent , Velvet Revolver , turns out to be subpar at best .
 This album does n't blaspheme Guns n ' Roses or Stone Temple Pilots in my opinion , but I 'm not infatuated with either band so that is n't saying a whole lot.The production on Contraband is just polished enough to remove all the soul from the songs . None of these numbers are all that well written either , so they definitely could 've used some heart . Even the best cuts on here are generic enough to have been written by any pseudo-grunge practitioner on your local eagle nicknamed rawk radio station.My advice is to skip Velvet Revolver unless you 're a fanatic of any of the bands these guys used to be in or you 've just fallen in love with the stuff you heard on the radio .
 reasons to not buy this cd ... # 1 . It 's a horrible attempt by record companies to put a new label on old music and charge $ 17 again . # 2 . It automatically places a virus on your computer that affects disk copying -LRB- be it legal or illegal . -RRB- I just ca n't supoprt a company that is willing to sabotage it 's fans computers . Not only will it effect YOUR computer , but spread to OTHERS as well . Do n't believe me ? -LRB- ... -RRB- Show record execs we wo n't put up with autoinstall viruses !
 I purchased this cd today and was eager to play it on my computer at work . Low and behold it would n't play , requiring me to install software that I do n't have the admin rights to install . I went home afterwards and spent half an hour attempting to return it , and had to threaten to call corporate to get a refund . What kind of crap are they trying to sell us these days ? It almost makes me want to find out how to download music ... -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I always liked STP . I never liked GNR . Well , when I heard about this fusion of '90s grunge and '80s metal I nearly fell out of my seat laughing -LRB- not really -RRB- . But really , Scott Weiland 's a good singer , and Slash is a legendary guitarist . It should work . Does it ? No , not really . I mean , Fall To Peices is okay , but everything else is just bland and boring rock . It 's kinda like Audioslave , but only a wee bit worse . I do n't see a real future for this supergroup , and hopefully Axl Rose will stop being whiny and reform GNR and STP will get off their extended hiatus .
 C'mon , why do n't they do something new and exciting.It sounds like you 'd expect , Guns n Roses mixed with the voce of STP , and a lots of guitar riffs played over and over - boring.C ` mon , STP and Guns n Roses were great bands who created a new sound.This is just noise though , nothing special , just boring.What the heak is the point of this band `` Velvet Revolver '' . ??? anyway?They do ` nt do anything , and in a few years this album Contraband will be seen as just a hyped up record because the state of music at the moment is so fake and cheap .
 I love STP ... they rule still to this dayand I love GNRplus I got this cd early from the Labeland for free !!! and I saw them live in Chicagobut sad to say but this cd is `` cliche 'd rock ... at its worst , withthe worlds best spokesmen `` a sad sad day ...
 Alright , I got caught up in the hype too . The thought of one of my favorite rock bands -LRB- minus one model beating lead singer -RRB- and one of the Nineties ' most popular Alternative lead singers combined on one album was enough to make me stand in line the first day it came out . Teased by two great radio songs , plus a Pink Floyd cover on a soundtrack , I think everyone expected `` Contraband '' to blow the `` new rock '' out of the water . Rock purists like myself yearned for Slash 's blasting guitar riffs , temporarily holding back their memories of a dissappointing `` Slash 's Snake Pit . '' Generation Y was n't satisfied with only one hew track on the STP compilation `` Thank You . '' We wanted some great rock . Let me tell you about what we got instead.I wanted to make my first hearing of `` Contraband '' with my friend Woz , the biggest GNR fan of them all . That 's what we did.We sat and listened for an hour , getting more and more dissappointed the whole time . The screaming guitar we were waiting for was replaced with a toned down Slash . It seems that only on a few tracks can you actually tell the lead guitar is him . ? What once was an unmistable sound defined by a person -LRB- see Clapton , Hendrix , Vaughn ... -RRB- was turned into something that resembles more of today 's shrink-wrapped lead guitar . But maybe that was a production decision , a decision come to by a producer that thought it would be a better idea to cover it to empasize Scott Weiland 's now wimpy and understated voice . We strained to hear the lyrics , finally reading the liner notes to find that they were without substance , without a real meaning . Some will argue that Weiland is maturing in his songwriting , while I argue that his talent lays in heroin that shoots up his veins , or at least used to . A majority of the songs written by he on the first two STP albums -LRB- before he entered treatment , and left treatment , and re-entered ... you get the idea -RRB- were written out of anguish and love , pain and hope . The latest offerings from his lyrical talent are less focused , floating from emotion to emotion , sometimes within a verse . Two out of Five Stars , the two coming from a solid sounding band , adn a couple of sweet radio hits .
 listened to it 3 times , and each time i think its boring , and not catchy . I think G N ' R and STP are both better bands by themselves
 Man , I had high hopes for this . And maybe that was the problem . Guns N Roses was the last great rock band and Stone Temple Pilots , while not my favorite , at least tried to be unique and had some pretty good songs on their 1st two albums.But this ? I was hoping that this would be the `` return of rock '' that everyone was slobbering over . Instead , it is a bunch of tired , uninspired cliches that are basically excuses for Scott Wieland to moan about `` tapeworm abortions '' and sing f**k a lot . And I mean A LOT.Basically , the songs are horrible , the riffing and solos are tired , and the lyrics make no sense at all . I tried to like it , like I tried to like St. Anger . But in the end , it is unlikeable . I guess I 'll go back to waiting for the Guns N Roses reunion we all know is coming ...
 I hate it ! Where is GNR ? Where is Stone Temple Pilots ? What happened to these gifted musicians to make them produce such a horrible album ? Is the world coming to an end ? Yes .
 I heard this CD initially from a friend 's burned off copy , and it sounded bad . Then I read Brandon Fuller 's complaint , and was afraid that burning the CD caused a problem , so I went out and bought a copy . I guess the CD just sucks , because it sounds just like my friend 's burned copy , bad .
 THIS CD IS SO BAD IT JUST HURTS TO LISTEN TO IT.HOW CAN GREAT TALENT LIKE THIS MAKE SUCH A TRASHY CD.SOME PEOPLE SAY THIS SOUNDS LIKE GUNS N ROSES.THESE GUYS CA N`T HOLD GUNS JOCK STRAP.BUY THIS IF YOU WANT SOME TRASH .
 This band feels that it must control the way you listen to the music that you purchase . You ca n't download to an ipod , nor burn a mixed cd for your own listening pleasure . It 's a shame . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I am not going to be reviewing any of the songs or music on this CD . The reason being that I never got a chance to listen to any of the CD . This CD is `` Copy Protected '' , which means that not only will it copy incorrectly , it will also rip incorrectly.I listened to the thirty second clips here on Amazon , as well as hearing `` Fall to Pieces '' on the radio , and thought that the CD might be worth something . I chose the `` copy-protect '' version mainly because it was $ 1 cheaper , but now I know that I should have spent the extra dollar for a CD that works.The first thing I do whenever I get a new CD is rip it into iTunes . I tried that , and it DID N'T GODDAMN WORK !!!!! The poor CD melted in my computer , iTunes froze up , my moniter blew up , and here I am writing this review without a moniter . I sm aoory if I make amy tipos byt wehn the m0niter bl3mw out , a fractuobn wemt iny0 my 3yes and teh d0ct9orr gwve m3 a bliyd vfold and fold m3e not to look at anytjing for 1 week . I kgonna make teh record complanyy pay me medical bulls .
 I heard the song Slither on the radio and I thought this sounds cool it 's very close to old STP . So I buy the CD and after getting home with it I notice a little sticker that says you ca n't copy them into mp3 's right . Well if you are anything like me a have a mp3 player in your car and burn your cds to mp3 in case they are stolen then this would really piss you off . But upon listening to the cd it really was n't an issue anymore . The guitar riffs are very similar on about 4 tracks and there are some songs that sound like they were written for Axle Rose that Scott just ca n't touch . I for one have always loved Scott 's voice and even on his less than great material thought that his vocals were right on even if I did n't care for the melody but on this cd I hate to say it but he actually gets quite annoying . All in all I realize everyone has different tastes so I suggest you listen to the samples given to you here and if it sounds good to you then pick up the cd used and just be prepared for the worst .
 Maybe the reason they put the copy security device on this CD is so potential customers would not listen to a `` pirated '' copy and get turned off from buying it . There is so much hype and advance press out there for this CD and I have to admit I fell for it . I do not usually buy based on reviews but when Rolling Stone gave it 4 stars , plus the so called all star lineup , I bit . I would give this CD no stars if the choice was available . Remember what happened when Gary Charone -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- teamed up with Eddie Van Halen ? If this band is the answer to the current rock-n-roll slump we are in worse trouble than I thought . Not one song on this CD kept me from hitting the advance button . This is nothing more than a conglomeration of egos who are desperately trying to hang on to their rock god status . Based on the reviews here , a lot of people like this CD , so I will conclude like I started . Do n't buy based on reviews or hype only . LISTEN BEFORE YOU BUY . YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !
 Watch out music buyers ! 1 . I bought the album from iTunes .2 . I struggled to move the files to my iPod .3 . I realized I could not , due to copy protection .4 . Now I regret buying the album because I ca n't listen to it unless I 'm at home.Shame on RCA ! Why would you choose to frustrate your digital music customer base who legitimately purchases your product!Wake up RCA ... it 's the 21st Century ! You are alienating your customers.Shame on iTunes for not notifying your customers of this issue BEFORE they purchase!Watch out music buyers!PS - Dear RCA , I 'm sorry to see you are still in your old backward mode of thinking . You are leaving the innovation to others -LRB- like Shawn Fanning , creator of Napster -RRB- instead of being the innovators .
 I 'm in a difficult position here ... this album is pretty damned great , but the artists are n't the ones preventing me from enjoying this music ... RCA/BMG have decided to implement a CD Copy-protection program in this that prevents it from playing in my car cd player , and prevents me from downloading any of the tracks to my computer for archhiving or even transferring to my mp3 player ... so again What the heck ??? I spend good money on a CD that I can only listen to on one cd-player in my house which is n't even close to my primary listening station . I now have to wait a few weeks for some super-genius out there to crack the protection before I can really enjoy this disc ... I understand the need for cracking down on piracy , but do n't do it at the expense of the loyal consumer , for pete 's sake I 've purchased over 1,000 CD 's in the last 10-12 years , its EXTREMELY inconvenient for me to have to search my storage for the right disc I want when I normally just play them from my 200GB hard drive on my PC on which I spent a metric -LRB- ... -RRB- - ton of money on the sound system . so yeah , reviewing again , great music , but find a different way to get these tunes , and write your congressman or something , these greedy record execs are hurting the wrong people .
 I 'd rate this a 0 if they had the rating , solely based on the fact that RCA in their infinite wisdom decided to copy protect this CD . As a result , the CD will not properly rip and play in an Apple iPod , which is only the most used mp3 player out there . Buy the import copy or better yet , download a listenable copy off some P2P site and show RCA records that selling a CD that wo n't play on 90 % of the MP3 players -LRB- the iPod -RRB- is just not a smart idea .
 Warning , there is a catch with this CD . You MUST download a program from BMG to even listen , let alone make a legal copy , of this CD on a PC . It says that this program will not report any of your personal information back to BMG . My question is , if it will not report back any personal information then why is it a program installed on your computer instead of a password , or code , like software ? I dont beleive it , not for one second . So I will not install it , especially here at work . So I have a new CD that I can only play in my car until it gets scratched . Thanks BMG , that is the last of my money you will ever see .
 I was pissed enough that I was going to be un-able to put it on my MP3 player , but then I try to play it on my pc 's ... and it skips all over ... Oh , I see , we are all asumed criminals and pirates ... Never again will I buy a cd like this ... makes one relize that it only hurts the honest folks ... if I was a criminal music stealer then I 'd download it for free ... but silly me paid for it ...
 I 've heard a few Velvet Revolver songs I liked . But I will live without them them because I do n't need the computer hassels . Look . I get it . I 'm a songwriter too . I have no problem paying for art . But this is like driving a thumbtack with a sledgehammer .
 That 's all this is . Not horrible , but only slightly above average at it 's best -LRB- Big Machine -RRB- . There 's no real catchy hooks . The lyrics are n't up to par with what Axl Rose could 've written . It 's just as mediocre as any of their solo efforts , the only difference is they have name value this time . Utterly , totally , completely , purely ... . adequate . I think this is proof positive that they need Axl Rose more than he needs them .
 I am really disappointed by Contraband . I heard Slither on the radio , and the endless hype of GN ' R members and Scott Weiland when it was first released . Guns was a great hard rock band , and Stone Temple Pilots was a decent grunge band from the 90 's . But , as over 10 years has passed since their heyday , the musical landscape has changed . Now , instead of valuing great musicianship and songwriting -LRB- GN ` R -RRB- , bands value no solos , using large amounts of profanity , and a lack of smart lyrics -LRB- Slipknot falls into this category -RRB- . So , on Contraband , there are no songs that fall into the first category but falls into the second , sadly . The music is shockingly subpar and have a bad nu metal sound . Scott Weiland sounds terrible . It could be blamed because the same man who mixed Linkin Park , John Abraham , mixed Contraband . Yep , this is a supergroup - just like the disaster on VH1 . Avoid getting this album if you enjoy real music .
 And its not very good too . How to word it , way too much hype , not enough to back it . It does have its catchy moments , but in the way that KISS musak is catchy , you hear it and it reminds you of something good , but you ca n't place your finger on it because it 's not good.in all seriousness , when you put it to play , the first track is only so-so . nothing stands out , not even Scotts unique vocal style . It was n't until the 4th or 5th track that I was even moved by it because it fell to the background and was forgotten about . Even then , it started out very cool , then fell dormant by the chorus.GnR , great band . STP phenominal , ahead of their time , at the time . Velvet Revolver , seriously , shame on you for taking ownership of this material.I do n't know , if you like mediocre music , you may dig this one , but I guess I just expect more from a band whose guitarist name is an action , and their lead singer has been through rehab how many times now ?
 The music rocks on a few tracks and that ' t the reason I gave it one star but creepy scott weilands vocals send it all down the drain .
 Ok , so Scott Weiland has this band , right ? And they play very distinctive rock music that catches peoples ears and makes them think and ... err , what ? You mean this * Is n't * Stone Temple Pilots ?! No wonder I thought it sounded worse.Ugh .
 I just had to write a review after reading one that said
 If you have a minidisc do n't buy this cd . Download it from the Sony connect website . I have this cd any will not record correctly with the sony software .
 GNR was better than average for turn of the 90 's metal . STP was about average for mid 90 's grunge -LRB- ??! -RRB- . This is not the worst thing you 'll ever hear . It will be a big hit , then they will dissappear . It 's nothing really , more of the same . Nothing dangerous . The Germs were dangerous . MC5 , definitely . Metallica was exciting , Slayer blew the ears off my damn head , and Nirvana was right for their time-they said what needed said . These guys are professional musicians , plain and simple . This is a novelty . The garage band down the road that tries to cover these songs will sound better than this album . Heavy Metal is OVER as pop music , the real innovations are done by the kids playing around in the garage . Anyone can be # 1 today , so ignore the charts . Buy the first few Grand Funk Railraod albums . They 're heavier , and they had no talent . `` Got this Thing on the Move '' vs. `` Slither '' , anyone ?
 this is the second velvet cd i have bought and it still will not play on certain cd players . I will return it and go with something better like 50 CENT . Borrow a friend 's copy but do n't waste your money people .
 This band was a terrible idea , there is ` nt one song on here that could be considered a classic except for `` Slither '' . The rest is just Scott Weiland going `` Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh and when I want to !! Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh ! `` and there is ` nt one outstanding guitar solo from the respectable Slash of Guns n Roses.What are people thinking ? `` Fall to pieces '' and `` Loving the alien '' contain no melody or `` real '' tune whatsoever and are easily frogettable , and annoying now `` Fall to pieces ???????? If scott weiland returned to the stone temple pilots , that would be for the best.Maybe they can reddem themselves with their next album .
 Slash and the others from G&R should of quit after the first album .
 I like the works of these guys and during the `` Appetite for Destruction '' days , Slash was probably the most creative talent we were hearing guitar-wise aside from Joe Satriani.However , there 's not any sense in making a comparison , because they are two different bands . STP , honestly , I was never a huge fan ... of course I do n't think you need to be to judge this . I did like some of their work a lot , so it 's not like I disliked them and it contributes to anything bad here.Okay , so I 'll get to the point . I play guitar and have for twenty-one years ... to justify my criticisms . I also have a business degree -LRB- two as a matter of fact -RRB- and I know that `` hype '' sells . If we hear enough of how great something is , it 's easy to follow ... America is full of sheep ... just look at the lack of tolerance when someone dissents and all the sudden is labeled Un-patriotic these days -LRB- and yeah , I was in the Army too , as a volunteer , so I 'm not un-patriotic ... -RRB- of course this is not supposed to be about me ... This has only a couple tunes that really stand out -LRB- `` sucker train blues '' and `` slither , '' for me -RRB- . Unless I trained myself to know the songs , I would have a hard time determining which I was listening to as far as some of the others are concerned . On the production end , maybe that is part of the problem.Everything sounds so polished and maybe these guys should have just sat up with their instruments in a garage or the living room and left the sales and marketing pukes out , because the only song I thought had a raw edge was slither ... a lot of the others , and to a certain extent , slither also , were like orchestrations-very polished , immaculately played , plastic , soul-less , muddled music in which nothing stood out.A week ago I went to listen to my neighbor play with a group of these country-bluegrass freaks and when I walked in there were four guys playing guitar , the bass player -LRB- my neighbor -RRB- and a mandolin and banjo player . Honestly , nothing stood out and this album reminds me of that . Both STP and GNR had a lot of music that stood out , and maybe these guys next attempt will be better , but if everything was more on the level of slither , or they worked to define each song as distinctly different from the last , something that might come out and slap you across the face would exist here.For guys who are bellowing crap like `` greatest rock band ever '' and all this , I 'm going to be so arrogant as to make some suggestions . Maybe start with Slash 's work on Appetite for Destruction , then listen to Ozzy Osbourne 's original -LRB- not the Sharon Osbourne remasters -RRB- of `` Blizzard of Oz '' and `` Diary of a Madman , '' then finish it off with the Best of the Doors , anything by Led Zepellin , Satriani 's `` Surfing with the Alien , '' Robin Trower 's `` Bridge of Sighs , '' Red Hot Chili Pepper 's `` Blood , Sugar , Sex , Magic , '' Nirvana 's `` Nevermind , '' Hendrix ' `` Axis
 I really wanted to like this but I just do n't . I 've tried to ` let it grow on me ' but nothing saves this CD . There are two good songs -LRB- not great -RRB- : ` Slither ' and ` Do it for the kids ' -LRB- Has catchy chorus melody -RRB- The rest are bad and one is simply one of the worst rock songs ever recorded
 ... then I do n't buy that CD in the first place . I was a huge G 'n' R fan , but I wo n't give these rich whining musicans the time of day nor my hard earned dollar .
 You would think the the history of the artists combining for this CD would mean something new and exciting . NOT ! Same old tired routines that these artists have been selling the braindead fans for the last few years . They are n't concerned with making people think with new and different sounds . They are concerned with selling to people that have no imagination !
 This album is uninspired and boring . Somehow they took 3/4 GnR and 1/4 STP and got 4/4 STP minus anything innovative or good . The album is full of muddled songs with boring , dispassionate vocals and tired guitar riffs . The only STP edgeyness that comes out is in ` Slither ' , which can be written off as on STP parody . Where is the GnR ? I do n't know - I guess those 3 had nothing to with GnR 's song writing because none of it is seen in this album . The only times I enjoyed this album was when Weiland sang his typical monotone vocal riffs ala Jim Morrison . The album is worth a listen but not worth a buy .
 One should not expect too much from home-made video . However this one is just terrible ! Not recommended .
 this video looks like it was shot with a handycam , the music is crap , it 's very short and even seems to have loops . Shots in a tiny bar and a female dj spinnin in her room at home . There are no more than 5 overly dressed girls in the whole film . . not worth $ 5 . . the only thing professional here is the cover .
 What I thought I was ordering was going to be a few scenes of hot steamy girls spinning . Girl Dj 's and maybe their best tracks or best gigs . Somehow I must of completely misread the description . What I got was just bad , ugly Girls gone Wild and not even to techno .
 as a dixie chicks fan I found the music to be sub-par . The audio itself was good , mThe tape was in excelent condition . By listening to this taper I cam understand why Natalie was brought in .
 This cd is about a joke . No offense to the bled but this cd is about as weak as simple plan . It sounds like another pussy ass emo band with cry baby singing . What the hell happened to the hardcore screams and killer riffs that was on pass the flask . This cd is a dissapointment to all original bled bands .
 Dissapointing ca n't begin to describe this CD . It is truly disgusting.I have been listeing to it over and over waiting for it to grow on me as most CDs do , and just as it began to i listened to one song off ` pass the flask ' and any hope for the CD that had built up was gone instantly.I was worried that it would not be as hard as the last one but instead they just do some ` purevolme ' / ` every time i die ' crap with no hard screaming at all just crappy post-hardcore middleground trash like 100000000000 other bands . The randomness is gone and replaced with weak chorous/verse/chorous / verse structure and some sh*tty guitar breakdowns.The part that really urks me however is that the lyrics on ` pass the flask ' were absolute poetry and here they are emotionless and tired.I dont even know what im trying to to say . Just please please dont waste your money on this album .
 hi we 're the bled and we would like to let all of you fans that waited a long ass time for this cd to come out know that we have decided to throw any originality and credability we had out the window by changing to a major label and throwing in a bunch of forced clean vocals and lame ass choruses , o ya , we 'll even put in weak riffs and weak breakdowns for good measure . All you kiddies out there will love it . -LRB- The bled 's inner thoughts -RRB- not even close to pass the flask . im all for change and evolving as a band but this is crap . every song from pass the flask is better than the best song on this cd . forget this crap , stick with pass the flask and then if you 're feelin extra special , get out there and get Between the buried and me 's new cd `` alaska '' hittin the shelves September 6th . Im pretty sure after listening to it you 'll start using `` found in the flood `` s cover art to wipe your butt with .
 But I see these guys being the next big thing which is really a shame . It 's been done 1,000,000,000,000 times over and sadly better i guess .
 As a guitarist myself , i really do n't see why so many people are taken with a drop e. I mean , they 're not that hard to do after all , and when you put 97 of them on one record , it gets downright repetitive . People complain about power chords , but atleast power chords have variation . Every breakdown sounds exactly the same . Metal , metalcore , it all sounds exactly the same , like hip-hop , only not as listenable . Maybe one day metalcore will be no more , but until then , i 'd have to advise staying as far away as possible from any of these clones.Listen to :50 centAvril lavineHilary duffLindsay lohanBackstreet boysLinkin parkN * syncor Metallica 's debut album `` st. anger '' instead .
 First of all , the songs on the CD , awesome collection . But to say this was a Digitally Remastered Edition is a joke . The sound quality of this CD is terrible . Secondly , the CD case was not sealed it was cracked and scratched though . Buy the Compact Snap version instead .
 The songs with the hip hop flavor are complete and sound very good . The slow songs are too short many range a 3 minutes without quick fade out at the end . I am a musician , and this Cd would be top notch if many of these songs had an ending closure to it . I understand that some are necessary for the ambiance but not every slow song needs a fade out . Just when I start to feel the vibe of these songs they fade out and go to the next track . Overall the songs are great . Just wish they had more closure .
 Sloppy Seconds is a punk/rock band and is not that well know yet . With tracks like these , it 's obvious as to why . There first cut on the CD is `` I do n't want to grow up '' . Perhaps the title is from Peter Pan or based on the Toys ' R Us theme song ?! Anyway , it says `` I do n't wan na grow ... I do n't wan na wear a tie ... '' ! They are trying to mix punk and rock with stupid lyrics . I do n't recommend this CD at all .
 With the song `` See You '' being in the leadoff spot on this c.d. you think that your in for what you had on `` Invitation To Eavesdrop ''
 I liked SG 's first CD so much I went out and bought this one sight unseen -LRB- ear-unheard ? -RRB- . I disliked the slower ballad songs from the first CD and was hoping he would have at least an equal mix on the new one . No way . It was full of slow and boring ballads . Shaun , go back to your roots ! Songs like `` Should I Tell Them '' , `` After the Music Fades '' , `` Satellite '' , `` Move Me '' , and `` Damage Done '' were what made you semi-famous so fast in the first place . Why did n't you follow that same formula for success in your new album ? Leave slow ballads to Jars of Clay , as you really are n't that good at the slow stuff -LRB- sorry guy ! -RRB- and keep making the semi-heavy metal type songs with awesome lyrics found in your first album , that you are SOOOO good at . I 'm so dissapointed ... In fact , I think I 'll go sell it on ebay or something . I should have sampled the songs or downloaded them via K -- first prior to purchasing it . What a waste . Sorry man .
 I sabotaged this album for myself when I heard their later work first . If you know how amazing they got in the mid-90 's -LRB- see Electr-O-Pura -RRB- , you 're doomed to disappointment if you have n't heard this already . Some impressive guitar work , but ... thumbs down .
 Bon Scott before ac/dc has 3 horrible songs on it , can only be played on your computer and has videos with angus playing guitar ... Bon scott before Ac/dc ???? Three songs by bon scott with video of angus playing guitar ... it horrible and a waste of money ...
 I was expecting a legitimate dvd . This one is a joke ... . Do n't waist your time or money on this item ! Video and audio are terrible and it surly will dissappoint any AC/DC or Bon Scott fan .
 Do n't waste your money . I read other reviews after purchasing this item . All it contains is three early songs by Bon Scott with an image of Angus Young playing guitar . Note
 This production is the worst production imaginable . The opera is cut by half . The singers are paralyzingly mediocre , especially the tenor . He has n't learned that classifying yourself as a tenor does n't necessarily make you one . The costumes look as if they had been designed by fourth graders . To top everything off , the orchestra -LRB- which appears seriously reduced -RRB- is crammed into a mini-temple on the side . A total joke ! Purchasing it is a waste of money ; watching it is a waste of time . I wondered if any other operas butchered at this so-called festival have been recorded . I could only imagine what they would do with a work of real quality , i.e. Wagner . The thought has me already breaking out in a cold sweat .
 They have spared nothing insofar as the sets , costumes and such are concerned . In fact , caricaturisation or not , the effect is good.The video has been shot very well , is clear and crisp and does at no point of time show any lack of detail . Excellent , I would say . Kudos to the cameramen and production people.The voices , although not well known , are quite adequate for the roles and I could detect very few hiccups.Why then , just two stars?To begin with , bad sound engineering . These guys may be good recording in halls , but I think they have a lot to learn while recording and post production for the open air . The orchestra sounds detached or too thin in the soft passages and overpowering the voices in the loud ones . A sense of balance in the treatment of brasses is quite evident too . I am sure it was just great when people were watching it live , but in the DVD , it flops miserably.The ballet ... less said about it the better . It is just next to pathetic , both choreography as well as dancing . The costumes in the Triumphant march ballet is more ideally suited to the Eurotrash that we see sometimes in the so called minimal modernistic productions . The dancers are dressed like they are going to do a BDSM right after the event . Actually they kind of do it to a ` beautiful ' boy/man who is just as confused and lost as the dancers are . He is sacrificed anyway at the end of the dance.The dance director was confused as to whether he should introduce Egyptian motifs -LRB- which he does not -RRB- or European -LRB- which again he does not -RRB- . It is a kind of fusion between Greek , French and Broadway at various times . The result is an unattractive hotchpotch.I would any day sit back and see a production of this on the DVD from say , the Met or La Scala . At least those fellers know from experience how to record a piece and definitely have better directors and choreographers.Unfortunately , it is rather harsh on the singers , all of them , who did a neat job . A lot of money spent is all I can infer . Wonder who the funders were ...
 Chicago Live '69 may not be live , it sounds like studio demos .25 Or 6 To 4 is the best track , then I 'm A Man starts the decline into over improvisation which concludes with a 16 minute Liberation.The band have made some fantastic jazz rock and ballards , but not on this CD .
 Expected more from Cincinnati/Telarc -LRB- see Kunzel , Erich cond . Hard to believe mostly the same musicians played so well for his baton . -RRB- Lightweight Gallic performance , recorded at low levels with little bass , dynamics seldom exceed much of anything -LRB- far under reference level technically -RRB- , little hall reverb , all in all like sleepwalking through while mechanically doing each note on pitch and in largo tempo cutting off transients . This misfire has no resemblance to most other recordings of the work ; it will not interrupt anyone 's sleep or interfere with their concentration elsewhere for the most part .
 What a major disappointment , not only in Telarc but in the orchestra that apparently slept through most of its playing . There are many , many other recordings of Symphonie Fantastique , any one of which is certain to beat this one . Do n't take my word for it , though ... find out the hard way like I did .
 Just ca n't find a rreason to like this album . Gave it a couple of tries but no go . Had faith in the overseas imports doing well but this fell into place with Athlete as something that flies over there but ca n't catch on here .
 21/2 Serviceably typical , jagged indie rock maintains the few bells and whistles from slipping into complete generic boredom .
 AFTER LISTEN TO THIS I WAS DISAPONTED . ITS NOT ONE OF E.B , S BETTER ALUBIMS TRY WICKED MAN OR BEFORE WE WERE RUDELY INTERUPPED .
 Um , I purchased this from Walmart downloads , and I have to say this album I really ca n't find the words for this one . I 'm not sure if I want to diss it or go along with it but this album certainly indicates the struggle of being in a position of Ministry and what responsiblities that go along with it , can bring about . This album is not really good if you are looking for something truly annointed and slamming like Out of the Box . This one could have honestly stayed in the box for that matter . If I were to interprete this album , I would definitely say there are instances on here that would indicate and question his `` free time hobbies '' if I may put it in a kind way . Was he smoking crack when he did some of these songs ? He wrote a song about his child-hood dog Tippy ... Out of the game shows his frustration with the lime light . Tonex in my eyes is a genuine individual with unspeakable talent , who maybe should have just remainded a gospel singer in the church . There are simply too many devils in sheeps clothing in the recording industry . Anothny is an interesting song , that talks about his own high mindedness at one point in his life and the Lord demanded that he expose himself come clean and do right.HUP ! is one of those songs if you have never been in an church that believes in the five-fold ministry then you WILL not understand it.I pray he finds what he is looking for . He has had some tough mountains to climb and I just hope he makes it to the top of this one to tell his story and give a testimony to the world . Tonex this album was not your best , but God luvs you and the people who love you will stand by you through the stuggles and the storms . He said he was out of the game and that this was his last album ... time will tell .
 save your money . you are better off buying another yellowman cd this one is not 20 hits -- more like 4 hits and 16 lame songs.Yellowman is a great dj/toaster and his band is great -- but this cd -- skip it , I urge you to check out other Yellowman cd 's .
 There are quite a few recordings available of Tippett 's Concerto for Double String Orchestra , one of a small handful of works for which the composer is best known , however , based on repeated listenings I 'm not sure how its place in the canon of 20th century British music was ever secured . While the shadow of Vaughan Williams ' Tallis Fantasia falls on most English music for strings that came after it , Tippett 's concerto from 1938-39 is on a completely different track . And that 's fine , except that it 's a track that to me sounds like a disjointed mishmash of sounds , perhaps of interest in an intellectual sort of way , but unsatisfying as music . The anonymously written notes accompanying this disc describe the musical language Tippett employed constructing the Concerto in this way
 The more I read the book , the more I believed in our loving Lord , Jesus Christ ... People who do n't will be pretty surpised when they die ... so sorry .
 I very much enjoyed listening to the stories , but was disappointed in her life choice .
 Me mandaron un producto con mala calidad , simplemente est&aacute; horrible , no es un producto original es una copia apocrifa de pesima calidad .
 Here is a teriffic example how one can destroy even such good music as in this cd.The Young Person 's Guide here went to a deep sleep or make us to sleep fast - it 's all the same.The problem of these most boring performances here is not the orchestra , i think , but the lackluster conductor , Andrew Davis - i mean , the players of the orchestra do the the notes not bad , but somehow only a yawn emerge from it.The recording , by the way , is in harmony with the performance.Skip on this cd - there are a much much better alternatives out there .
 Features tracks pulled randomly from Steve 's first two albums . Mediocre sound quality . Skip this and invest in the excellent Buddha remasters ofSteve GoodmanandSomebody Else 's Troubles .
 I only heard 1 song on the radio of this artist and I loved it that 's why I purchased this album . What I did n't know is that this CD is truly for a special demographic -LRB- Weird -RRB- . I really dislike the other songs on this CD they are depressing . To give you an example ; I was playing this CD at night to lull me to sleep and next thing I know I woke up to this one tune playing crying . It was that song it was making me sad in my sleep and woke up crying . Enough said .
 I felt that this mix did n't stand up to Trance Nation 2 or the Clubber 's Guide to Trance . I just thought the tracks were missing something . Many of the songs have awful lyrics that detract from the beat and in many cases the songs are so short that they miss the real climaxes that are available in the longer version - for example , the Walhalla song by Gouryella sounds totally different if you listen to the original mix . And the original mix is hands down much better than the version on this CD.MOS should have done better . This was n't worth the -LSB- money -RSB- . Wait a couple months and then download much of it off of Napster ... Or buy either Trance Nation 2 or the Clubber 's Guide to Trance mixed by ATB . Both are also MOS productions , and although they are slightly older , I think they both run circles around this collection .
 The Rev. Horton Heat did it better . But then again every city needs some doofus with a pompadour roaming around in biker boots to sing retarded whiteboy rockabilly or blues ripoffs while drunk for a good time .
 I have more recordings of `` The Rite of Spring '' than any other single work in my collection , probably about 18 . I was also fortunate enough to play it in a youth orchestra - THAT was an experience !! My first impressions of Gergiev 's performance were positive . He seemed to take it very much in hand and delivered a hard-hitting and also very personal account . On second and third hearings , however , the initial thrill paled and I was left with some unfortunate and inescapable conclusions . 1 . What first sounded thrilling now seemed like an unwonted distortion of Stravinsky 's intentions , with certain instruments playing way too loud for the composer 's markings and creating an imbalance , though a momentarily exciting . The reverse of this is that some solos and small ensembles I was listening for -LRB- I did have the score in hand -RRB- were almost completely absent ! 2 . The sloppy playing that has been commented on before , particularly in reference to the unfortunate Tam-Tameer , was more widespread than it really should have been . Parts of the orchestra pulled apart from each other and downbeats no longer coincided properly . However , all that can be somewhat understood and forgiven when you realize that this was a live performance , not a studio recording . This has not been mentioned by a single one of the other 23 reviewers . 3 . The recording engineers really did not do this performance justice , either in the placement of the mikes -LRB- I 'm no tech guy , but it just sounded too closely miked -RRB- or in the editing afterwards during which they should have fixed or undone some of the bizarre imbalanced they created . Many of these strange orchestral balances could only be the fault of someone other than Gergiev - they are simply too egregious for a conductor of his stature to have either intended or sanctioned . Another result of the mike placement and engineering decisions is that the whole thing is too `` hot '' all the time - there is very little genuinely quiet playing . Certainly parts of this `` Rite '' are wonderful - I would cite the very opening as an example -LRB- though still too loud ! -RRB- . But if the `` weakest link '' idea holds true , than this version does n't stand up to other , consistently superb and genuinely thrilling performances . I do n't recommend it .
 I agree with R.V. . There is no reason to allow sloppy playing in a professional orchestra recording . You do it over until you get it right . No excuse . I have always had a soft spot for the Russian orchestras , but let 's face it , they are not on the A-list equal to Boston , Cleveland , Chicago , etc. . Also , for a modern day digital recording the mixing should be first rate and almost perfect.There are just too many mistakes made in creating this recording to make it stand up with the others out there . Chicago/Ozawa , now that 's a nice recording . Boulez/Cleveland , awesome . I do n't like listening to my favorite pieces and hearing orchestra clams . They should be caught by a conductor who is paying attention even if the mood is wonderful , mistakes should not be recorded . People who know the score may be listening .
 I ca n't believe the rave reviews for this `` Rite . '' In just auditioning the 30 second tracks I heard more errors , goofs , and a Tam-Tam in `` Dance To The Earth that 's everywhere but where it SHOULD be than I have ever heard before . I 'll take Dorati on Mercury , Boulez/Cleveland on CBS , or Tillson-Thomas/SFO any day , no contest . As to Scriabin , the champ is still the out-of-print Abbaddo/BSO on DGG . Find it if you can and pay the price ... it 's WELL worth it .
 In general I was impressed with this recording , until I noticed a brief hesitation between segments as the player -LRB- foobar2000 -RRB- switched tracks . Same problem in iTunes.Such things used to happen all the time . Mp3 is a somewhat flawed technology that wants to put empty space at the beginnings and ends of files.However , files I rip myself include extra info -LRB- called `` delay '' and `` padding '' -RRB- which specify how much space there will be and allow the player to compensate . That 's not the case here . I am disappointed .
 I have been a big Kelly fan for years , but they have n't produced a good CD in years . I hope they go back to their roots and make the next CD fabulous . Love to see them on top again .
 Seriously ... this is utter crap . This family ca n't write or sing in English , why do n't they stick to German or Spanish ? Listening to them butcher the English language in pursuit of their shallow , repetitive , nonsensical lyrics is excruciating . Europeans must have absolutely no musical taste whatsoever to buy this garbage . American do n't want to listen to bands who ca n't properly speak the language in which they sing , that 's why they'er not popular here , in spite of the infomercials they used to run on late night tv .
 What the ... . where they thinking when they decieded to put out this piece of garbage . T H A L I A D O E S N ' T K N O W H O W T O S I N G , get it , she dose n't know how to sing.Somebody needs to tell her that , ya es hora que le pongan un STOP a tanta llamada `` musica '' que no tiene nada de talento es todo computer work.So People Outthere do n't buy this cd is all GARBAGE .
 Quien le dijo a Thalia que tenia voz para cantar ? Todo el material que es interpretada por Thalia es para taparse los oidos . Thalia no tiene voz para cantar y este disco es algo insegnificante . Alguien le debe de poner un tapon en la boca a Thalia . Thalia es la mujer mas odiosa y chocante que hay en la television y radio latino . Solamante cay gorda con hoir el primer sencillo de este disco `` Tu Y Yo '' . Basta solamente con hoir esa cancion para pedir auxilio !
 I heard the entire CD only once . I could n't understand a word she was saying . `` Tu y yo '' is a boring , boring song . Is nothing , just nothing ! `` A quien le importa '' was a great to begin with ... Thalia 's interpretation is `` Ok '' no excellent . `` Closer tu yo '' , `` You spin me round '' `` The mexican '' The songs are not great , her English is poor.Thalia is trying to hard to imitate Shakira , Paulina Rubio and JLO ... Thalia , I do n't know who advised you to do that , but believe me ... IS A BAD ADVISE !!! Stick to your spanish songs until you improve your english . Be YOU !! be original , do n't imitate ! That never works ... !! I do not recommend this CD . However , I am not giving up on her yet , hopefully her next production is better .
 I cant believe she had the nerve to sing this song !!! she doesnt have the style to do so ! i feel the same way about her other remakes ! -LSB- ... -RSB- !!! Thalia sure is very pretty but lacks so much in talent. , not the best of voices and not the best dancer. , I went to Dead or Alives concert in San Francisco nobody in this planet could sing `` YOU SPIN ME ROUND '' as Pete Burns does !!!
 She needs to have her own identity if she wants to cross over she really needs her own look , because looking like J-LO in the video just do n't cut .
 What can you expect when you are rushing to take out an album . Thalia has demonstarted not only in this album but in her new style of dressing that she is not unique at all and that she has an identity issue.The worst thing about this album has to be the fact that Tommy Mottola her husband and CEO of Sony Records , has used his connections to get MArc Anthony to do a horrible remake duet with Thalia . The song `` The Mexican 2002 '' is a remake of the famous 80 's freestyle song . Not to mention another remake in English called `` You spin me round '' We all remember that song , I bet , well she killed it . You ca n't you hear what she is saying in her English songs and her voice on the Spanish wanna-be Shakira tracks are not suitable with her music.Bottom Line : Hubby is paying to make her famous and not working , her talent is lost .
 I am not impressed with this album at all but then again I do n't think Thalia has any real substance . Her music has never been well-defined . I think Thalia 's biggest problem is that she has always tried to go with the latest trends in everything from music to clothing . In one album she 's into ballads , in another she 's a `` rockera '' , in another she is into banda , and now she 's trying this whole `` crossover '' thing . The truth is that we do n't need this kind of artist in the American music world ... she 's just a copy of Shakira , Britney Spears , J. Lo , etc. . My advice to her
 Thalia has put out a cd that capitalizes on tired trends . She is an artist of limited vocal range and ability but has managed to put out some catchy , if uninspiring tunes . However , I have liked some of her stuff in the past and thought I would give this cd a try as I had read the reviews saying that with this cd she has really outdone herself . What ???!?! The songs are lyrically banal and her attempts at sounding like a rockera are annoying . Almost as annoying as her `` Shakirazation '' -- her new `` style '' that she has displayed in the `` Tu y yo '' video and on Cristina . Unfortunately , she is forsaking what has made her a star to seek crossover status . Gee , thanks , Mr. Mottola.As someone said before these songs feel old , not retro cool , but old . `` Closer to You '' sounds like something Taylor Dayne would have passed on in the 80 's . Her remake of `` You Spin Me ` Round '' is painful to listen to and makes her seems even more out of touch when one considers that Orgy had a club hit with the same song less than a year and a half ago . Thalia will be a hit with her crossover cd , Tommy Mottola will decree it . I , for one , will stay away from Thalia 's future projects . This one was that disappointing -- save the remixes . Maybe she should stick with Hex and just do remixes , it worked for J-LO !
 Thal&iacute;a 's New Cd is really boring , all songs sound equal . She is a cheaper copy by Mariah Carey , Paulina Rubio and Shakira . I do n't like her `` Latin Beat '' . Her last Cd shuold be titled `` Fracasando '' , Her last 4 Cd 's including this bores.In mexico everybody knows that she is a puppet of Mottola and the `` Estefan Group '' ...
 Big disappointment ! ! That song `` tu y yo '' is so boring !! Besides , is obvious that she is just trying to imitate Jlo , Britney Spears , Paulina Rubio and Shakira.I thought she was good , cause she got `` the look '' but she is not ! I would n't buy this cd is not whorty !
 Terrible production!I do n't know who this singer is , but I do n't like how she sings and I do n't like her songs .
 Unfortunately I have to say that I hate this cd.She promised a `` come back '' to her earlier work , but she just mixed everything that it sounds like a soundtrack for a low budget movie.I love the Thalia that gave us `` Amarillo Azul '' , `` En la intimidad '' , `` Love '' , `` Saliva '' , `` Sudor '' , `` Sangre '' ; too bad she had to meet Emilio Estefan and then everything changed , she left her record label , sign up with EMI and they changed her style to latina bombshell.Every single efort from EMI is wierd , I hate the fact that is always the same `` LATINADA '' sound , like en `` TU y YO '' , `` En la fiesta mando yo '' , `` La loca '' -LRB- what a waste of song , for crying out loud ! -RRB- . The only one that 's good -LRB- and the only reason I gave her 1 star is `` No me ense & ntilde ; aste '' , that reminds of the cd Mundo de Cristal , but the rest if bad , really bad.Besides , the fact that she hired Estefano to work with her , I was expecting a very new sound , very cool , taking in consideration that he made Paulina Rubio shine again with her 5 star `` Paulina '' , but no , I guess the chemistry between Thalia and Estefano was just not there.And also , I agree with the one who said that she needs to wait to speak english fluently to do the crossover , that will save her some embarrasment .
 This has got to be the worst CD of the year . I ca n't believe Thalia would release such a horrible album . All her songs are stuck in the 80s . The music is so outdated . Save your money for something better . This CD is going directly to the trash .
 i WAS fan oF thalia since she came out but i got ta say that this album -LSB- is bad -RSB- im sorry you guys but come on , its boring , superborin ' since the day i bought it i 've listened just once and i had enough , the songs are boring . all of them sound the same , she thought that STEFANO was gon na help her to have the same hits as paulina did ... sorry but she and him picked the wrong songs.P.s . ... this is my personal opinion.Thalia had her fifteen minutes of fame already .
 I bought this CD based upon the great reviews , expecting to hear something along the lines of the new Latin pop performers , such as Shakira and Paulina . What a disappointment ! Most of these songs sound like they 're performed by a 12-year old . Were it not for the awesome collaborators -- such as the Kumbia Kings & Marc Anthony -- and the brilliant production work , Thalia would not be able to stand alone . On the other hand , I wonder why Dead or Alive sold the royalties to their work ; I bet they regret it now that their formerly likeable tune has been butchered by some malnourished diva with a truncated voice and Tommy Mottola 's millions -LRB- yes , Thalia is married to Mariah 's ex -RRB- . I rarely write reviews , but I am so disappointed with this one that I had to voice my frustration ... Oh yes , I 'm selling the used CD on the auctions section .
 Like a lot of reviewers here , I for one prefer the campy Thal&iacute;a of the early 90 's -LRB- her first three albums are great pop gems -RRB- . Ever since she became the new Laura Leon after hooking up w / Emilio Estefan , things just have n't been the same . My friend had this cd and made me listen to it , and I can say that overall it 's ok . It 's a big improvement from her coochie-coochieish songs from her previous albums . There are a few fillers here , but for the most part there are some great pop songs . Namely
 This has to be the worst so-called R&B compilation CD set ever . First of all how are rap songs even on a album that 's titled `` This is ... R&B '' ? R&B means Rhythm & Blues not Hip Hop . I 'm not talking about songs that have R&B singers with rappers featured . I 'm talking about the fact that this `` R&B '' compilation has albums with no R&B singers on them period ... just rappers . Since when is The Notorious B.I.G. , Wu-Tang Clan , Ice-T & Ice Cube and etc. become R&B singers . The next problem is that they only feature club songs . I did n't hear not one love song/mellow/smoothed out song . I only hear high paced dance songs . They should have just called this horrible 6 disc set `` 1999 NOW Dance Songs '' , because that 's what it is . Is so NOT and R&B compilation . Do n't let the names like R. Kelly , Sparkle , Imajin and etc. fool you ! I 'm highly disappointed in the Box Set . I only have on word to say ... `` Booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo !!! ''
 This is so sugary sweet , I have a tooth ache ! This is very loungy -LRB- that 's not a problem , i love lounge music -RRB- , and way too sticky and heavy on the strings . There are no tempo changes just from slow to slower and dull to duller . This is not the same Ray that did Man With A Horn ! This is just to sappy even for me , skip this one .
 It 's pretty darn lame , and it is n't at all romantic . This cd is one that Ray as well has his listeners will throw up when they hear it . This is so sappy it makes me want to barf , it does n't swing , and you ca n't dance to it . it 's about as swinging as one of Mitch Miller 's sing alo ng sets Skip this omne , it should have never been released
 The guy in this band sounds exactly like the guy from crash romeo in terms of vocals . They 're just too damn streched . Now do n't get me wrong , I prefer higher pitched vocals to the all too common ` mono vox ' we get in rock these days , but there 's a limit to what I can take . This guy sounds like his voice box is going to explode from being streched so far . I mean , there 's cute vocals , and then there 's annoying vocals . Race the sun falls under annoying in the vocal catagory . Still though , the music itself is top notch if you like pop-punk . 21/2 stars .
 I had high hopes for this CD . I grew bored listening to it after the fourth track . It is only an average CD that left me wanting for more . I am a huge prog fan . This CD was very dissapointing . I got relly tired of hearing all of the keyboard effects . I would not reccomend this CD to anyone .
 WHAT A LOAD OF PURE REGRESSIVE DRECK THIS IS ... PINK FLOYD COPIES ???? NOT EVEN CLOSE . SOUNDS LIKE CHURCH MUSIC WITH BAD SYNTHESIZERS . I WOULD N'T EVEN PUNISH MY WORST ENEMY BY MAKING HIM LISTEN TO THIS CRAP
 Following up Sonicflood 's successful debut with a solo debut , Deyo 's `` Saturate '' sounds like the same song played 14 times over . I found his praise lyrics irritatingly monotonous . Perhaps Deyo should consider resourcing a Bible more than a thesaurus . This CD is very superficial , lacks spiritual depth , and uses the personal pronouns -LRB- or derivations thereof -RRB- `` I '' or `` me '' over 200 times . Should n't a worship CD be more about `` He '' and `` Him '' ? Jeff spends a lot of time longing for Christ , burning for Him , yearning for Him , wanting , needing , but rarely answers why.Pet peeve
 When I see this given 5 stars I 'm really taken aback
 5 Stars for Cream Reunion DVD5 Stars for Erics Robert Johnson DVD/CD last yearBut by God how OLD are you reviewers ? thanks again for wasting my money . I read all this great stuff in here , and bah!Watch Eric Talk in RJohnson DVD , at the end how he says this is hard music to play , he has to think , on his own stuff he is thinking about last night , the next day , or whatever.right about that Eric . he is so out on this and not even home . lights are on but no one is home . you can see it in his eyes . for you people that cant simply read a person when they are on auto pilot , jeeez . hello?and that camera work on 3 . Sunshine . Eric starts the solo and we get fast 2 second flashes of each band member OVER AND OVER AND OVER MY EYES STARTED TO WELD INTO THE BACK OF MY HEAD!somebody start a school for these camera/producer people!Listened with Sennheiser 595 's , the best that I have found , had 555 for a couple years they are nice too , but cant touch 595 's , pay the dif and see , er I mean hear.A good example of concert producing and camera work is the Led Zeppelin DVD set released in 03 and pick and Austin City Limits concerts on PBS . why is this so complicated to learn ? one would think a monkey could do this right .
 Having read other reviews on this DVD , re picture quality , content and sound I do not think I would purchase the DVD considering the comments . The CD seems to be the one to buy and get quality for sound plus , from this fantastic musician and guitarist .
 love the music , however the quality is incredibly poor . grainy and difficult to see with the dark stage lighting . would recommend you puchase the unplugged instead .
 The DVD was just a copied VHS version , no 5.1 , no additional features . Johnnie Johnson was good on the Blues set , but Cray and Guy just play backing parts . For diehard Claptonites only .
 Instead of 24 Nights this DVD should be titled `` Gone ''
 This is NOT the `` sought after boxed set '' mentioned in the Product Description . In fact , it does n't even contain all the cuts on the 24 Nights CD . As concert films go , it 's only okay . But if you 're expecting a geat deal on the complete boxed set , this is n't it .
 I do n't know if this was a bootleg version or what but the quality of the dvd is substandard and barely watchable .
 Kids Like Us just didnt do it for me on their new album . Their debut cd kicked a $ $ . The first sounded so much like Sum 41 's critically acclaimed album , ` All Killer No Filler ' . The reason I got into Kids Like Us is due to the fact that my favorite band is Sum 41 . KLU captured the energy , agressivenes and absolute genius of the Sum 41 sound . This album tends to lean more towards the sound of bands like Trapt and 3 Days Grace . While the aforementioned bands are pretty good , I didnt exactly want to hear another Nu Metal band . Perhaps the next album will go back to that good ol' 41 sound . I 'll be waiting till that day comes ! Peace Out-Franky
 I watched his DVD and really enjoyed seeing this talented man . I blindly seleted this cd and find it waaay too jazzzy for my taste . I had hoped for more of his smooth , Brazilian sound .
 I do n't like paying the the price I did for a CD with only three songs on it !!!!
 The 1 star rating is not for the music -LRB- that is perfect -RRB- but the price . There are plenty of albums with these tracks on for much cheaper !
 Poor quality in every aspect and supposedly unauthorized in the first place . A quote from Ian 's own website - `` If anybody sees an album called Standing In The Light on a label called Alchemy , DO N'T BUY IT . These pathetic pigs have been screwing me for years . I.H. `` Enough said !
 The quality on alot of these live tracks is terrible . I gave it one star just because it 's Ian Hunter . Half of it is like a bad bootleg . I was really disappointed.Better off with Welcome to the Club .
 Poor Ian is n't getting any royalties from this ? Why on earth should someone care if this old coot -LRB- he 'll be 67 in June ! -RRB- is getting compensation ? Do you think he cares about your financial well-being , living the high life in his cozy little mansion in New Milford , CT. ? Get a life , will you ? Stop living vicariously through these rock stars who would n't know how to function in the real world if their lives depended on it !!!!
 The Black Summer album showed us a very promising band . They had the sound and the talents anyone could wish for . But with this album they really blew it all ! Alec , the guitar player , is no longer doing the vocals and a feller called Max Bacon -LRB- who sounds like a Mc Donald 's burger in every way -RRB- has taken his place . What a shame . Musically they changed direction and followed the fashion of the-middle-of-the-eighties-soft-butt-metal , which was a great disappointment . The production is also `` small budget '' . Maybe they thought '' let 's make a quick album full of sing-along tunes for the masses and get rich '' , but what I 'd like to know is how many copies they got to sell ...
 Maybe this CD was carefully recorded and a true labor of love , especially with the involment of the composer and a famous tenor . However , it leaves me disappointed . This may be because I fell in love with a previous recording of Misa Criolla and Navidad Nuestra , one that was done in the 60 's with singers in a South American church . It had all the earthly and folksy tones that one would associate with a Misa Criolla , a mass celebrated by common folks whose fervor elevated their musicality to heights that no operatic tenor or church choir can hope to attain , no matter how hard they try . That recording grew on me and I never tired of listening to it . But , unfortunately I thoughtlessly gave it away when I got rid of my vinyl records some years ago . Later , when I found this CD , I could n't wait to hear it , but I am sorry to say that it can not compare to the original recording . If any one still has that one , I would really appreciate if you would let me make a copy of it .
 I first heard a `` misa criolla '' track of the Lord 's Prayer -LRB- in spanish of course -RRB- on our Classic fm station and immediately call them what is the album title . They said it is a Philips album but it is out of circulation . When I found this on the net , excitedly purchased it and listened . What a dissapointment !! I expected a folk guitar accompanied singer but all I have is too much confusion on what I am hearing . It is made with too much orchestration which require a hall not your serene listening room . Too bad I missed the folk version .
 I first heard the Missa Criola in 1970 and immediately bought the LP , the one with Ramirez conducting his own works . I played the grooves off it for years . But it 's not available on CD , so I had to make do with this very pale imitation.The charm and strength of this music is its folk roots , and the feature that made my old LP so incredible was the raw energy and momentum of the performance . The soloists became the music , fitting in beautifully with no attempts to raise themselves to a position of greater glory . The energy and drive of the entire production was infectious ; it was impossible to sit still while listening to it.In this recording , much is made of Carreras . Yes , he 's got a nice , if somewhat light-weight , voice , and were it not for his participation as one of the Three Tenors , singing with much better-known and accomplished colleagues , he probably would never have been considered for this recording . His voice is much too mannered , operatic , and light for it . In his throat , this music sounds like art songs . The choir is secondary to him , singing like a back-up group for some star , which is the reverse of the way it ought to be.And let 's not even talk about the tempi . Ramirez conducted his work with zest and energy . This recording seems to equate reverence with s-l-o-w tempo , with the predictable result that the music lags and is stretched out so far as to lose all its momentum.Everything that 's wrong here goes back to the fact that Ramirez wrote it in the folk idiom , and this recording is done as a finely polished vehicle for an opera star . The music has been made secondary to the performance of the tenor soloist , instead of the reverse , and the choir has been rendered insignificant , which , for this inherently choral piece , is quite an achievement , if a dubious one . There 's no energy here , no drive , no ... life . If this was the only way you 'd ever get to hear the Missa Criola , you probably would n't be too interested in hearing it again.I still have my old LP . It looks like a potato chip after all these years , but I 'm going to find a way to copy it onto a CD and play it instead of this . I just ca n't recommend this dead recording .
 This version of the Misa Criolla is elegant , restrained and polished , three adjectives that have nothing to do with the raw and rousing folk original . It 's about as close to its roots as a gilded church crucifix is to the piece of lumber Christ was crucified on ... I 'll stick with my raspy 70s recording and relish it !
 I have always loved the original 1960 's LP version of Misa Criolla by Los Fronterizos , but it had been unavailable for years . I bought this CD version by Jose Careras , but was utterly disappointed by his almost `` operatic '' approach to what is supposed to be an earthy peasant mass . It just does n't work.Fortunately , the wonderful original version , digitally remastered , is now available on CD . It has a simple purple and black image of the crucifixion on the cover -LRB- see the second of the small customer images above -RRB- instead of the original orange 1960 's LP cover , but is in every other way the definitive recording of this wonderful piece.Look for it on Amazon and buy it - you 'll love it !
 When I heard the Misa Criolla first time over classical music radio station in mid 60s , I had to ran to the record shop and buy LP . It was the Philips recording of Los Fronterizos and soloists , Ariel Ramirez conducting . It sold the more than 3 million copies worldwide . Jose 's CD came out later , and I was very disappointed , may be played once . No comparison to the Los Fronterizos . Jose 's is too sofisticated , too polished , interesting instrumentation but no original folk strength . I strongly suggest the reissue of original one , though it is an Argentine press and no lyrics posted in the Spanish-only liner note , it is a far better choice . If you doubt , go to internet and play the videos of different soloists , including Jose . You will agree .
 This is a great collection of songs . Unfortunately , they all sound like they were recorded in Joe Hill 's basement . Despite the distortion and screeching sounds on some of the tracks , I still listen to this CD quite a bit . I guess that 's a testament to how good some of these tunes are .
 The CD is recorded from cassette tapes . It gives a warning on the back of the CD of this fact -LRB- it should give it in the description on Amazon -RRB- . However , it 's not just tape hiss - on about half of the CD the tape had been damaged to the point where there are pops so it 's practically unenjoyable . I would only suggest this CD for fans who are already have everything else .
 My son loves Barney and Little People and would watch those for hours if I would let him -LRB- no way -RRB- . I bought this DVD because I wanted to encourage him with tooth brushing and bed habits with a fun video . And , it took Bear and all of his friends ... what seemed to be an hour of video ... to get to bed ! I was bored to tears . My toddler did n't last very long at all . The bed habits , which seemed more like `` how much can I stall before I go to bed '' or procrastinate , were not exactly what I wanted my son to learn . I just did not like this video at all . Sorry.We also bought the Bear Dance Party Video . My son DOES like that one . To each their own , I guess !
 Don Cherry is known for playing jazz , specially WAY out-there jazz . This really is n't jazz , though . It 's more world-music type stuff.Don Cherry mostly plays several asian -LRB- ? -RRB- flutes admist a background of mid-east/asian sound scapes . I guess it might be intersting if you were into that sort of music . Or if there was any sort of theme or melody here , but there 's not .
 If you 're looking for a soundtrack , this is n't it , get volume 2 . I ended up tossing this one . Just could n't get into this . There 's a reason for not allowing you to listen to it ahead of time . Just one person 's opinion .
 I got this because I like the music in the game , but some of the stuff on the soundtrack really disappointed me . At times I thought I was listening to Riverdance or Enigma . At other times it reminded me of Santana or even Miles Davis . I expected to get a CD that would put me in the Halo mood - agressive , powerful , ready to rock . What I got is so ecclectic I was n't even interested in playing the game after listening to it . Maybe you 'll like it , but I 'd return it if I could .
 Personaly , this album confuses me . It has the title of a butterfinger album , but it is n't by butterfinger . Why must the world be so cruel ? Where may I find the all powerful butterfinger cd ? WHERE !?
 It 's a total giveaway , is n't it ? When the guitarist `` remixes '' old demo 's and rerecords the guitar parts is anyone really surprised when the vocals and bass become inaudible beneath the ego of the man at the faders ? No , not really . Which is a shame as it happens , as this album is potentially full of great songs dragged into the late nineties with all the productions whizz-bangs at Paul Chapman 's disposal . Sadly we will never know how great they might have sounded as this sounds like Mr. Chapman was demoing his playing and not his song-writing ability . It 's clear to me he holds both Pete Way and Danny Vaughn in contempt . If you want to know how these two fine musicians really sound , buy some `` UFO '' -LRB- Pete Way -RRB- or better still get some `` Tyketto '' or `` Vaughn '' . Better songs , better production -LRB- and if you get the right albums -RRB- better guitar playing . 2 out of 5 says it all . Avoid this like you 'd avoid something really horrible on the pavement that you don ' want to step in .
 This CD is not to be confused with the killer/brutal death metal band -LRB- IMMOLATION -RRB- this is Infestation : Mass Immolation . First off there are a couple of worthy tracks but with so many death metal bands its not a CD that offers anything different then other death metal . I say skip this and pickup -LRB- IMMOLATION-DAWN OF POSSESSION -RRB- or -LRB- IMMOLATION - HERE IN AFTER -RRB- if you want an great classic Death Metal CD
 The drums sound great they are out front but the vocals are in the back i have alot of DP 's and i have to say that this one has to be the worse recording all others sound great .
 Stick with Act 1.0 . Most of the tunes on here are remakes , and poorly at that . They 're slower paced and borders on morose and depressing . They do add a couple of tunes throughout that are upbeat , almost hyperactive . Still , it 's a boring and bland soundtrack that was n't worth listening to even once . It just did n't convey the feeling of the anime in it . Well , maybe all the teenage angst . It 's like all the re-cap episodes - you 'll watch them the first time to see if there 's ANYTHING new or revealing , find there is n't , and you have no desire whatsoever to watch them again.If you REALLY must buy this , wait till it hits the discount rack . I just wish they had previews for these tunes before I bought it .
 fine cd ! great music!get the remastered CD version . This is a warning , however , on the SACD version . It is a marginal surround hybrid mix and contains not a trace of bass in the subwoofer channel . all of the guitar comes from behind the listener . it 's a pity this one could n't have been done right.jeff probably has never heard the blasphemy of it all .
 While Jeff Beck 's offering here as well as his `` virtuosity '' have been touted by many realms of guitar aficionadom , I ca n't really say that the album here -LRB- or really much of his work -RRB- represents the best of the fusion genre or even serves as a mindblowing example of how electric guitar can be played without a pick -LRB- something that many Beck devotees point out ad nauseam ... ugh -RRB- . His ideas really do n't coalesce all that well particularly here although `` Cause We 've ended as Lovers '' has its moments but one song really does n't cut it.Anyway if you really want to delve into fusion from around this time more check out Parliament , Miles Davis -LRB- `` Bitches Brew Era '' -RRB- , or Santana . For good examples of electric guitarists who axe the pick -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- check out Mark Knopfler and Lindsey Buckingham .
 First the BAD news.Though Max Middleton 's keyboards are serviceable , the Fender Rhodes/electric piano sound tends to date this record ; hence four , not five , stars.If you can deal with that , you can proceed to the GOOD news which is that Jeff Beck is a blues guitarist of the first order , and since the blues is the music that morphed into jazz , one can hear in this LP the willingness to explore and take risks that characterizes jazz players.Nobody -- neither contemporaries like Clapton or Page , nor descendants -LRB- of which there are tons of pretenders -RRB- , play like him , and by that I mean , nobody seems quite as willing to push the envelope . He is as ballsy as they come.Moreover , while guys like Ritchie Blackmore -LRB- a personal favorite -RRB- tend to be classified as poster boys for the Fender Stratocaster , no other guitarist has gotten more out of this make and model than Beck.This is a good starting point for the listener who wants to find Beck beginning to venture on his own , with other players who embraced his vision of where improvisational guitar music of the 70s could go . He has his own unique voice and never compromises . For that , in this age of looped and sampled , corporate and manufactured computer tones , is something for which we may all be grateful .
 I gave this to my kid for christmas , and he never opened it until today . But the bad news it does n't work on any of the players we have at home . It clearly says on the cover SACD surround sound `` Plays only on '' . wow . I never heard of that . Any suggestions ? It does n't say that it requires a special player on the ad . Very disappointed .
 Beck 's a legend correct ? I know many that consider him the greatest guitarist ever and countless times I 've been coaxed into buying his `` great '' new album only to toss it in the corner and forget it . Yes , Beck can do some amazing tricks with a guitar . His problem is he does n't know how to write a song . And , is he jazz or is he blues ? He 's boring . That 's the answer . He 's a legend by association . If I had cleaned Clapton and Page 's toilets in the 60 's I 'd be a household name . When I want to listen to jazz or blues , I want to sit and hear an entire album in that genre . He is all over the board , 2 jazz , 1 blues and then more crap . He has done nothing that the average joe can remember by name . I 've told these Beck fan 's like this , `` Go to WalMart and find 10 people that look like rock-n-rollers and ask about Beck . Oh yea , Beck is great . '' Then ask them `` name his 3 best songs '' . You will get a look like it came out of Night Of The Living Dead . He has no `` signature tunes '' . His music is boring . When you have degraded yourself to accepting that songs such as `` Constipated Duck '' are from a legend , then give yourself a frontal lobotomy with a sawed-off shotgun . Have a nice day.As an appended thought , I know that true Beck fans will strongly object to my comments . However , to you the prospective buyer , I ask `` Do classic albums by legends cost $ 1.10 as is the price I could get this for today ? '' Think about it .
 I ` ve been a long fan of this album and I have been listening to it since 1991 . My CD was starting to get old , so I decided it was time to substitute it for a new one . So I bought the remastered version , thinking that it would sound better than my old album from 1990 . It definetely does n`t . The sound of this new remaster is compressed and if you give it a try for 15 minutes your ears will start to ask you to stop it . The quality is ok if you listen to it in low volume . If you turn the volume up you will notice that the sound will suffer from some distortion . The drums will sound flat , the bass wo n`t have any kick and so on.I ` m very disappointed.If this is a remaster , it should sound better , not worse than the original version from 1990 . The original version was already perfect . It had dynamic sound , the bass was great , the drums felt like you were in front of Richard Bailey , the guitar was astounding and the keyboards were a show apart , specially in the last track of the album.These things are not present in the remastered version.These remasters today are all a hit or miss . Pink Floyd , Genesis , Frank Zappa have good remasters . Iron Maiden , AC/DC , Supertramp are not so good . I do n`t know what happens , but it seems that every remaster is made for the sound to be louder , but that does n`t mean it will have better quality , which is the case of Blow by Blow.I ` ll stick to my old cd , which allows me to listen to it in loud volume without ringing my ears.If you ` ve never heard this album , buy the 1990 version , that is great . This new edition sounds terrible and you ` ll do yourself a favor not to get near it .
 vanGogh was excellent.The Carpenters ' DVD was very disappointing . Unfortunately , I ordered one for myself and a second for a gift . I 'm sure the recipient was disappointed as well .
 money -LRB- we all need more -RRB- , makes the world spin ` round ... . Richard ; as controlling executor , of all things `` Carpenter '' , should be ashamed of himself , in authorizing the release of this hackneyed sally of who i consider to be one of the finest contemporary vocalists ... a -RRB- the audio is at best , fair ... b -RRB- picture quality smacks of a 3rd generation transfer , from a beat vhs tape ... c -RRB- no ` bonus features ' , ie ; interviews / studio-outtakes , etc. . . put succinctly , at $ 18.99 , this is a complete wash ...
 I love the Carpenters , but unfortunately , this DVD was n't what I thought it was . I assumed ... this was a full-fledged concert , but alas , it was n't . The songs are wonderful , but honestly I was hoping for a live concert-that 's my opinion-those of you who like full-fledged documentaries , more power to ya ...
 The cd comes packaged as brand nGold
 The Studio stuff is lame at best and really sounds totally unispired . The live stuff , although its rocks good and hard , is simply not a good sounding recording . Too bad !! For live Humble Pie , Stick with The Fillmore or the King Biscuit .
 Movie included sensual scenes in it not for children . Story focuses too much on non-biblical themes . I do not recommend this movie .
 God is almost completely absent from this film , which , you 'll have to admit is pretty weird . There were also two or three really uncomfortable sex scenes . No nudity , but still painfully uncomfortable to watch with the family . One especially where her husband threw her on the bed then pushed her head aside and said `` Do n't look at me . `` The acting , writing , directing were Ok , but when you see a christian film , you hope to see something that focuses on God.Definately recommend you skip this one .
 How this has so many positive reviews just does n't add up . I bought this because of these reviews and I feel like I was tricked by someone pumping up the reviews for sales.I think my title says it all . I really would have rather described it in a more compact fashion but this is an all around bad movie . It 's the power of positive thinking meant to appeal to a Christian audience but it just reinforces the idea of cheesy Christian B-rated movies with no story line , no budget and bad acting -LRB- with the exception of Russell Wong -RRB- . I bought this with an interest in those who suffer for the sake of Jesus but I 'm the one who suffered watching one of the worst movies ever to make the screen.The is about Nora Lam who 's story begins in China transitioning to communist China and ends with exit visa to Hong Kong and escape from China . The premise sounded right but the execution of the story is awful . It is choppy , unbelievable and wishy washy . The Christian message really is n't any message at all . Feeling bad , feeling sad , ok ... try Jesus.They do try to add the drama about her life from rags to riches . Nora `` miraculously '' escapes the firing squad . She is sent to a labor camp . She gets pregnant there but `` miraculously '' gets an exit Visa from the communist government despite their suspicion of her as a spy and enemy of the state . She takes her Visa and escapees never to return . But it 's so long , drawn out and unbelievable.What really irks me is that this is supposed to be a Christian movie so why is the typical Hollywood sex scene in it ? And why did n't any of the people who reviewed this movie mention it ? Gratuitous sex scene + Christian movie = What were they thinking?I really did n't feel like I cared about the characters in the movie . Any good movie works hard to give you an emotional bond with the characters . Considering the context of this movie I did n't think that would be hard . Since it was unbelievable and the lead actress devoid of emotion it just did n't happen for me . I suppose if the story was written better something would have been emoted but nada.I did not know Nora Lam nor am I am familiar with her ministry so pleadse understand that this is not a personal attack on her . This is a review of a movie that in my opinion is just terrible . The facts stated in this movie can not be backed up make it more fiction than fact . No one but Nora can attest that these things really happened . Do n't waste your money or time on this one .
 I can not say strongly enough - please do n't buy this movie . I bought this movie because of the positive reviews and feel that I was deceived . I would like to prevent another from being misled to buying this movie . This movie was one of the worst I have ever seen & I watched it all the way through . I felt very strongly to write a review as the positive reviews here may cause others to buy this movie.This movie is advertised as a Christian movie but it is anything but wholesome . I did n't notice when I bought this movie that it is rated `` PG 13 - Parents Strongly Cautioned
 When finish watching this movie I was very disappointed . This movie did n't move me at all . The main character believes -LRB- if there were any -RRB- are never shown , it only tells very briefly of her being a Christian . If you are trying to buy this movie I would recommend to rented first to see if you like it .
 Sadly ; this is not a movie about Christianity in China . It is not a movie about the persecution of Christians ; nor about the growth and spread of Christianity in China . I only watched it because I was told that the movie addressed these issues that I have a powerful connection to and experience with . Parts of the movie may appeal to the fundamentalist fringe of American Christianity . There are approximately three scenes in the movie where religious belief or practice is actually a theme and it is presented in a provocative , opportunistic manner to enflame viewers ' religious loyalties as part of a politically manipulative ploy.Although the serious , traumatic , and unfortunate events and issues presented in this clunky and disjointed movie really did happen to China and to all of the Chinese people who were alive during those time periods , they are portrayed throughout this movie from a non-Chinese viewpoint and without sensitivity to Chinese culture . Character development is minimal , adolescent , and the main characters are portrayed too much as `` special victims '' . Western ideas , behaviors , and attitudes are injected into scenes of Chinese family or romantic life where they still do not exist today , let alone in the mid-20th century . It seems as though most of the actors are foreign-born -LRB- away from China -RRB- Chinese and their body language , facial expressions , culture , and style of expressing ideas through dialogue is so non-Chinese that it makes for an absolutely bizarre viewing experience . The storyline , which with a slightly less myopic focus could have expressed the injustice and suffering experienced so universally in China during the periods depicted , might have been admirable to share ; but the motive behind making the movie is so obviously questionable as to give the feel of a thinly veiled political propaganda flick . By remembering what this movie is not it reveals what it really is . This really just seems to be a dissident `` anti-Chinese communism '' movie . Since it claims to represent someone 's true-life story there may also have been the goal of making a large sum of money through exploiting the strong political feelings held by some Hong Kongese and Taiwanese people . The ongoing themes are `` how can we get out of here '' , `` how can this be happening to me and my family '' , `` we were once wealthy and affluent ; so this is worse for us '' , `` how can we get away from them '' , and the movie portrays complex political themes in a very black and white manner . Maybe this movie was seen as `` a story worth a million dollars '' by someone ; but I wish that I had not wasted my money and a part of my evening watching it . What happened to the family portrayed in this movie was wrong ; but so was the making of this artless production ! The movie has a story to tell ; but is equally without heart , soul , or culture as the invading Japanese army portrayed in the opening scenes and the oppressive Red Guard shown in the closing scenes ; just prior to the depiction of the leading lady crawling through a non-existent desert no-man 's - land between China and `` freedom '' in Hong Kong . At a time when we need to develop a greater cultural sensitivity to our brothers and sisters in China this movie serves to confuse and confound our ability to develop the empathy and understanding that will lead us toward a more peaceful and cooperative relationship .
 jerrmaine dupri swears up and down he 's creative well he should have wrote his own stuff this is weak bow wow is weak I hope fundisha has something better in store .
 I bought this DVD based on the other anonymous review here and was very surprised to find the audio quality to be mediocre . Apparently , the original recording was processed to remove analog tape noise . You can here the noise modulation at times on the horns and other instruments . More disturbing is the constricted , non-dynamic sound . Most CD 's sound far superior ! Do not waste your money on this version , buy the regular CD instead if you want this excellent performance . BTW , I am using high-end equipment -LRB- Mark Levinson , Audio Research , Martin Logan -RRB-
 I ordered what I believed to be a vinyl record - I received a compact disc instead . It was n't worth the effort of going through the steps of trying to return it in the mail so I 've hung on to it . This has made me default to finding records in brick-and-mortar stores first instead of trying an online method .
 This is not a standard CD . It 's a special CD with copy protection that may not work properly in your computer .
 Unless you 're a John Coltane fanatic/collector , you 'll miss nothing of importance by not passing on this really quite pedestrian blowing session . The lineup seems impressive enough at first glance , but the session wound up as a perfunctory-sounding changes run by all involved - - aside from John 's solo on ` Moment 's Notice , ' there really is n't any magic here . Jay Jay Johnson muddles through the tunes on trombone along with Coltrane and the rest of the bunch , and the tunes themselves even seem to lack zip - - even the title track lacks drama , and clocks in at an obscene length for such a bland performance . I 'm not saying it 's terrible , and it does offer a few fine moments in addition to the reliably solid blue-note sound , but if you really want a Coltrane from this period , go with the Coltrane/Hartman album , or skip ahead to ' A Love Supreme , ' by no means a straight ahead offering , but one with some real juice just the same . - - George McCoy
 This is not a true DVD-AUDIO ... normally , the point of a DVD-A formatted disc is to remix the original album in 5.1 surround , playable on dvd-a players or dvd players with 5.1 surround sound.This is NOT the case ... this is merely a higher quality recording -LRB- higher bit-rate -RRB- disc of a classic coltrane album.If you do n't already own this album , you should get it . but if you already own the `` regular '' cd , this is not what you probably want .
 John Coltrane along with Miles Davis and the rest of them ruined jazz . They 're just so random . I mean , come on , 5 year olds could play this music.Jazz was headed in the right direction with Glenn Miller and the rest of those brilliant , gifted pop-jazz musicians . Jazz then went spiraling into the ... for 40 years , until Kenny G came along with his perfect , soul-filled solos and such . Oh , he 's just heavenly.So , as you can see , I have really poor taste and you should want to disassociate yourself from me and buy this album .
 For a long time , many people have had the idea that what is termed `` improvisation '' in the music business is really just as much of a hoax as `` avant-garde '' is , and they 're right . An early recording such as this one proves that it 's been that way for quite a while . `` Improvisation , '' in case you did n't know , is the making up of music in the studio or live on the spot ! The ENTIRE CD consists of this `` improvisation ! '' I guess this `` music '' does n't require any sort of thought put into it . It does n't matter what the end result is , because music requires composition , and `` improvisation '' is not composition . Thus , this is not jazz , and it certainly is n't music -- regardless of what so-called `` experts '' might say .
 definitely the worst Hot Water Music ever . After Forever and Counting they lost all the energy they had in their earlier CDs . I dont understand what happened to them . Maybe they did n't like being labeled as an emo band and they decided to go punk rock . I do n't know if anyone noticed but they never slow it down anymore , every song is the same exact speed and the bassist and drummer do not get to show off their skills like they used to . I am so dissapointed , things have gone down ever since they signed with Epitaph and I probably will not buy their next album . Ht Water Music was my favirote band and they still have an impact on my tastes in music ... but that is why this album dissapoints me so much .
 definitely the worst Hot Water Music ever . After Forever and Counting they lost all the energy they had in their earlier CDs . I dont understand what happened to them . Maybe they did n't like being labeled as an emo band and they decided to go punk rock . I do n't know if anyone noticed but they never slow it down anymore , every song is the same exact speed and the bassist and drummer do not get to show off their skills like they used to . I am so dissapointed , things have gone down ever since they signed with Epitaph and I probably will not buy their next album . Ht Water Music was my favirote band and they still have an impact on my tastes in music ... but that is why this album dissapoints me so much .
 i bet they didnt even write any of this album . brett probably wrote it for them . screw you epitaph !
 I LOVE AL 'S VOICE WHEN HE WAS WITH THE WILD WEEDS . i WAS EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS ALBUM . i COULD N'T FIND ONE SONG THAT I LIKED . A WASTE OF MONEY , IN MY OPINION
 This cd was not what I expected . Poorly engineered and lackluster performances by two Hammond B-3 giants . I had the album years ago , so maybe my tastes have changed .
 If you like Black Uhuru , you will be disappointed by this lackluster performance and minimalist musical arrangements .
 I was a huge fan of the sneaker pimps first album `` Becoming X '' , and was looking foward to listening to this album . But I was noticing that the female vocals were missing -LRB- Kelli -RRB- . It also sounded diiferent from `` Becoming X '' . Therefore I thought it was another group . Now only until now , after reading the reviews I know what happened . The british guy 's voice is very annoying and misplaced . They have swayed away from trip hop . There are only a couple of songs that are good , a couple that are ok , the rest not good . Do n't waste your money on this album if you really enjoyed Kelli 's vocals . They are in no shape or form in the same league as Massive Attack or Portishead or Radiohead .
 The guy singer sucks and Kelli is way too talented for them anyways ; she belongs solo . You ca n't replace a girl singer w / a guy and keep fans !
 Major let down ! I was thinking this album would be more like becomming X and it nothing like it . What 's with the guy singing , he sounds awful . This album is a waste of money and is heading for the TRASH !
 Bloodless is more like it . What a -LSB- disapointing -RSB- cd -- absolutely no -LSB- substance -RSB- , one semi-memorable tune getting airplay , the rest is bland and throwaway . I detect a sample of Nightclubbing on track 3 or 4 , wasted on a tune that does no justice to the original . I must not buy a cd based on one radio hit ... I must not buy a cd based on one radio hit ... I must not buy a cd based on one radio hit ... I must not buy a cd based on one radio hit ...
 This band is lightweight euro-slop . They should drop to their knees and beg Kelli Dayton to come back and sing . She gave their songs sexuality and melancholy . Skip this and check out the vastly superior `` Becoming X. ''
 If you 're looking for another ` Becoming X ' look elsewhere . This is n't even the same band as far as I 'm concerned . They never should have tossed Kelli from the band . Not a terrible release ... but not exactly worthy of praise either .
 Not a gem in the mix . Becoming X stays on top . Spin spin suggar great . This ones dull . Bring back the original female singer .
 `` Splinter '' is a beautiful effort through and through ! `` Becoming X '' is a classic and has some masterworks on it nuff said ! We wo n't bother to compare that lp because in my opinion that is two different bands . I went and listened to `` Splinter '' as I said I would . I have to honestly say it is great lp ! It is superior to this lackluster release `` Bloodsport '' . To say `` Bloodsport '' is worthy of the Trip Hop name would completely Asinine ! The production on `` Splinter '' is Miles ahead of the production on `` Bloodsport '' . Even though Kelli is n't on `` Splinter '' the production complimented Chris 's voice . The production on `` Bloodsport '' does n't support his vocals very well ! Where `` Kelli 's '' vocals can support the production , Chris needs production to support his voice . Download `` Half Life '' , `` SuperBug '' , `` Flowers & Silence '' and `` Ten To Twenty '' off Splinter . And see the difference between that masterwork compared to this Bloodsport foolishess ! I think that `` Splinter '' is really the mode the band should have maintained after the Kelli departure . `` Bloodsport '' is a ... generic attempt to reinvent `` Becoming X '' for the U.S and not convincing . The production is n't as complex as `` Splinter '' or `` Becoming X '' . `` Splinter '' offered `` Trip Hop Orchestrations '' and complex chord progressions . And I think the tone , mood and speed of those songs were more suitable for Chris 's vocal ability . I ca n't really compare `` Becoming X '' to `` Splinter '' because it is two different bands . But I will say that those two cds show infinite growth Unlike `` Bloodsport '' . See my full review on `` Splinter `` Arish
 Easily the most disappointing CD I have purchased in years . Hard to differentiate one track from the next . They all sound as though they are based on the same bit of drum programming , and anything with the word `` programming '' in it is not really music . I played each track once , then deleted it from my system .
 Very few of the songs are worth listening to . There 's extended dialogue that will make no sense if you are not familiar with the movie , which is terrible .
 A FAN OF ANTONIO CARLOS JOBIM , I BOUGHT THIS BECAUSE OF THE PUBLISHED FORMAT , DTS AND BECAUSE OF THE TITLE-RIO NIGHTS LIVE ! SADLY , THIS IS A VERY POOR COPY OF WHAT WAS RELEASED BY VERVE , POLYGRAM IN VHS VERSION ENTITLED RIO REVISITED IN 1989 . THE CD OF THE SAME TITLE WAS RELEASED IN 1987 BY THE SAME COMPANIES.THIS DVD VERSION WAS RELEASED 2006 BY AN UNKNOWN COMPANY ! REMASTERED ? RESTORED ? I DOUBT!DTS ? NONE!IF YOU ALREADY OWN THE VHS AND THE CD , DO NOT BUY THIS!SAVE YOUR MONEY ! LET US STOP SUPPORTING THESE RIP-OFF ARTISTS !
 This DVD seems like nothing but an illegal copy of another DVD . Both the cover and the DVD itself is printed with `` Antonio Carlos Jobim & Gal Costa , Rio Nights Live '' . Reading through the song selections , it contains the exact same songs as the other DVD i bought
 I would say this cd is okay . I 'm not a huge fan of hers . I definitely think that she could 've taken her skills to a more talented level . She should have taken her talent farther . I totally liked her `` God '' album better .
 I got this c.d. as a gift and was disappointed . All of her songs sound exactly the same . After listening to it I got a headache . She needs a more pop-like sound . I suppose some people might like her kind of music , but I did n't . I would recommend groups like D.C. Talk , Plus One , and Steven Curtis Chapmin , but not R.S.J.
 This is the singularly most awful Christian music CD I have ever heard in my life . Rebecca St. James 's voice sounds pathetic and whiny , and her lyrics are overdone and drab . She sounds like a little kid whining for some candy at the sweetshop . I 'm glad that I got this CD as a gift , and did n't waste my hard-earned money on something this stupid . Do you want to hear some real Christian music ? Listen to Jennifer Knapp 's `` Kansas , '' dcTalk 's `` Jesus Freak , '' and `` Supernatural , '' and Point of Grace 's `` Life , Love , and other mysteries . '' But whatever you do , DO N'T BUY THIS CD !!!
 Snooze is a band of 10 individuals that wanted to make Cocktail music with a fine touch of vocals , flute and organ . All of this makes a jazzy CD with slight pieces of ambient or even electronica , I would definitely said that this CD would tie with some Cafe del Mar compilation -LRB- minus the upbeats songs -RRB- , the music here is not intended for the Dance Floor or even to have it in a classy restaurant , this is solely for your listening pleasure , which is not bad but there are better CD 's fos that same purpose . -LRB- I only liked the track 10 `` Did I give you much ? '' . -RRB-
 This CD is not bad at all , i was just expecting more since from a Swedish Death Metal band . Thunderbeast may grow on you but at first its not that enjoyable and nothing really catches the listeners attention . I recomend Night In Gales - Towards The Twilight first and then give Thunderbeast a try but do n't expect to blown away by the CD .
 I watched the movie and loved the opera songs in it so I ordered the sound track thinking the songs would be part of it . I was dissappointed to find that none of the Opera songs were on it . The theme song was repeated several times in different versions . I like a variety of songs from a movie soundtrack and unfortunately this did not have it . Listening to the theme song over and over got a little boring after awhile .
 There are only 2 or 3 basic melodies on this album and they just keep repeating in tracks that are just marginally different from one-another . I can only conclude that millions of people -LRB- including myself -RRB- , were victims of mass propaganda . I was very disapointed in this album . If Enya 's Shepard Moons is a 10 then this album is a 0.8 . There are far better movie soundtracks out there , do n't waste your money on this one !
 The music is lovely , but this CD is , for the most part , different variations of the same piece over and over ! The one treat is the opera piece , which is the only vocal on the CD . I loved the movie but am disappointed in this soundtrack .
 ... but this one is a terrible . Do you remember Adam & the Ants ? If you liked it , buy this . I say , choose the other ones .
 I 've been looking for a decent JB live performance quite some time now . This one is not it . The video quality looks like it 's from the late 60s and sound is non-existent . I have a couple of CDs of the same show . The awful sound made me think of playing the DVD with audio off and listening to the record at the same time . The horn section can only be heard if they solo into Mr. Brown 's mike . Directing is bad , too . Everybody knows that a James Brown show is not just about Mr. Brown himself but his band , too . This time , the band is shown during solos and even then barely . It 's Brown only who , too , seems somewhat restrained . I 've seen him live twice in 2004 and 2006 and the DVD does n't come close . He probably was more occupied with the cameras trained on him . Someone has edited a great deal of the show out of the production as well , making it feel really empty . If anyone can recommend a recording of a recent show , I 'd be really grateful . It probably defeats this DVD one hand in the pocket .
 This DVD was a disappointment mainly because the sound quality was so inferior . Watching this DVD the only way I can tell if the horn section is playing is if the camera shows them with horns to mouth . The performance features James Brown 's voice , strong bass guitar , and drums-little else is heard with any clarity .
 I AGREE WITH SOME OF THE OTHER REVIEWS THAT DID NOT LIKE IT . THE BAND WAS TOO LOUD THAT IT OVERSHADOWED JAMES BROWN . I REALLY ENJOY HIS MUSIC ON CD BUT THIS VIDEO IS HALF BAKED . I COULD HARDLY HEAR JAMES BROWN AND BESIDES HE NEVER SANG A WHOLE SONG , ONLY PARTS AND A LOT OF FILLING IN WITH GROWNS . TOO BAD , I WISH I HAD LISTEN TO HE BAD REVIEWS NOT THE GOOD ONES -LRB- THESE ARE PROBALY-DIE HARDS -RRB- .
 The Band deserves a first rate boxed set , and we have seen various greatest hits and other packages . The problem with this collection , besides its inflated price , is that the two main audiences for this -LRB- completists & solid fans -RRB- are both poorly served by this bilious box.Completists will have all of the previously released stuff and will be wasting money on having it all yet again . Dedicated followers -LRB- not fanatics -RRB- , mainly drawn by the idea of a single source for some of the best released material , will be wasting money on alternate takes and previously unreleased material which just does not live up to the released material . Remember , there is usually a reason unreleased material was `` unreleased . '' The book , etc. will sit on the shelf after one read through.Why did I purchase this ? I am a Band completist - albeit one who feels more than a bit ripped off by this over-inflated marketer 's ploy to pull in both segments of the market.My advice for the 90 % of the people who just want a really good Band collection ? Find the out of print two CD set `` Kingdom Come , '' and pick up the `` Last Waltz , '' and you will be MUCH happier , and still several bucks ahead of the game .
 I dont know how this album could get any worse , besides if they made Fred Durst the lead singer . And if that happened it would be sooo bad that it would create a black hole of awfulness and it would destroy the Earth . And , contrary to popular belief I have heard this album , I wasted -LSB- money -RSB- at a retail store for this awful piece of music .
 This is the most boring record I 've ever heard of Jordi Savall . In fact is more irritating than boring and for my ears it 's all due to the `` crispy '' work of Ton Koopman over the cembalo . How I wished that these sonatas were recorded in a full stereo ! If so we could have had one speaker for each instrument and then have the chance to `` miss '' Koopman and left Savall alone . That would n't be the sonatas , but at least it would have been pleasent music .
 One song is a duet with a French singer . All the others are previously available on other LODVG CDs . Not worth the money ...
 I bought this Oct 2008 . The Amazon site still has no description of this -LRB- as of Aug 2009 -RRB- and no reviews , so just a word of note
 To Start off with I have seen every Episode of Animalia 1-40 on The Former PBS kids . that just went under in August an change the name to Pbs Encore till there contract runs out . that is about up now . an Animalia is A Cartoon that for Tiger Lovers like me . I could not stand making every episode about Attacking and Assulting an Insulting treating so Cold Tyrannticus Tiger . that Affirms and Proves himself through out most of these Episodes of Animalia but never gets the LOve and Acceptance he seeks . it had my Kids Crying at the way they would Act an Speak Against Tyrannticus Tiger . Attain an Showing No Love/Mercy an Grace once . an also never GIVING Tyrannticus Tiger HIS Happy Ending with the 1 he secretlly Loved Fushisa Fox . but that would be SO Sonic/Sally now would n't it . so they dont want to Please the Sonic/Sally crowd that I am of . in Closing many people I have Talk to told me they wish to God Animalia was never Created an that the full Judgement of God comes down on them for it . well it looks like it has Seen Australia LATELLY ? in the news it says that the rainfall is at Biblical proportions . so there could be something in that . anyways I found out Animalia was A book with no Story , Script an only Pictures.A picture Book only an it Gets A Adaption . God ALMIGHTY what is this world coming to . that is so Incredilbe STUPID an DUM . is this how low Animation an Cartoon Series has come to Adapt books with just Pictures an make A Story an Cartoon . please God help us all . Give me A Dreamworks an Pixar an walt Disney Animated Film anyday over this trash .
 This is an amature wannabe blue cheer knock off that sounds contrived . The CHROME LOCUST record is what this album wants to be .
 OK , I guess after 30 + years of generally spectacular music diamonds , everyone is entitled to plunk down a lump of coal . That 's just what this CD is . . a dull clunky lump of coal.I 've been listening to Bonnie for most of those 30 + years . I still have Streetlights and Home Plate on vinyl . For the past many years , I did n't even listen to her new music before purchasing . I just bought em ! There were always bound to be a couple `` popular '' hits and more than a couple undiscovered diamonds on in the tracks . Not so for this CD . I Will Not be Broken is acceptable ... the rest of the tracks sound almost off key and in some places , even out of tune with herself.Bonnie is still one of my all time favorite singers - but I wish I would have saved my $ $ and not blindly purchased this one .
 Just saw Bonnie in concert here a couple of weeks ago , and bought this CD there . Had I heard it first , I would n't have bothered . She said more than once in the concert that she is going to have Maia Sharp write a lot more tunes for her . If so , I wo n't be buying a lot of her CDs in the future , as two of Ms. Sharp 's songs on here are just noise . I 've never owned a Bonnie Raitt CD before where I run over to the CD player and hit `` skip track '' more than once like I do this one . I am really disappointed in this one - - it 's not up to par with everything else she 's done . Bonnie was fabulous in concert , however , and her voice is a musical instrument .
 I 've always been a Raitt fan since the '70s . Gave this new one a try and was very disappointed . The style seems to jump around and is not the sound she 's known for . All you need to hear of this one is the free samples . Do n't suggest you buy this one if you really like the songs she 's built her rep on .
 I 'm a Bonnie Raitt fan ... loved her music for years . I bought this CD because I liked the 1st cut , I will not be broken . Unfortunately , I should 've down-loaded just that song , because the rest of the CD is bad !! That 's it . There 's not another song on that CD I want to listen to . I wasted my money ... and I ca n't believe it !! Raitt is usually awesome !
 I do n't know why I was disappointed with this . Ever since I saw her in 1976 after an explosive opening set by this guy named Tom Waits , I always expect that same sort of rip your guts out slide guitar and scorching blues/rock sound I heard back in those days .29 years later I ca n't say any of her albums have been able to capture that sound I recall . Oh , well , it 's an old recollection . -LRB- But I still recall Tom belting out , `` The piano has been drinking , not me . Not me . -RRB- Ms. Raitt 's albums always seem to be these slickly produced , VH1-friendly collections of other people 's songs-hence the awards and sales , etc. . This one is no exception . Each song has a made for TV SUV commercial quality to it I just find more than a bit dull.So , curl up , cross that still nice leg underneath you there , purse up those thin , nicely painted lips , sip from a nice hot cup of green tea , adjust that brand new laptop just so , and click NOOOOOO on this review ...
 If you like Bonnie 's Road Tested or Luck of the Draw , this is NOT the album for you . It 's along the lines of Fundamental which is one of my least favorites . Hard to find a track to sing along with ...
 I ca n't blame any artist for cashing in , this life is rough enough . I just wo n't be buying any more of her CD 's .
 It is packaged to look like it is the movie soundtrack . It is really a collection of bad reggae . I was very disappointed .
 People looking for Ennio Morricone 's classic soundtrack are going to be shocked -LRB- as I was -RRB- when they discover that this CD has NOTHING WHATSOEVER to do with the movie `` FOR A FEW DOLLARS MORE . '' It seems they have just ripped off the title to market a CD of `` Western Inspired Reggae . '' GIVE ME A BREAK !!
 The 2 disc import version , has THE SAME songs , Plus an extra 19 on a second cd .
 The new ones available are Korean imports . Features do not work . Not stereo even though is claimed to be . Can not shut off sub titles . Will not play on a USA computer - just lock it up solid and you have to pull the power cord . Sound quality is very poor . Video quality is good . Pass on this - a big waste of money . Sorry I purchased it .
 first off this album is not worth 100 bucks . pay no more than 20 , and thats if your a valor big valor fan because this album has live recordings of valor and rozz but more of valor singing rozz songs and valor totally trying to impersonate rozz 's voice on every song . It 's crazy hearing him try so hard to imitate rozz 's voice on these live tracks . These live concerts with valor singing are cause appearently rozz just quite the band and did not go on tour with them to europe . The quality of the sound is very pour . You could bearly hear the music . Only the vocals are pretty much heard . And if your a rozz fan on one hand its cool cause you 're gon na hear some live tracks of rozz but hate the album when you hear valor singing rozz songs . These tracks were recorded between roughly 1983 - 1988 . If your fans of both its an okay album to have but its not worth 100 bucks . I 'm a fan of both and to me it 's only worth 20 bucks . so do n't be dumb and spend more than 20 .
 Like Paul Whiteman , on this CD Bob Brookmeyer has made a lady out of jazz . Pretty writing , but solos are limited and restrained . If you want to hear a real woman , buy something else.Barry Rosenberg -LRB- barryrmusic.com -RRB-
 I was anxious to hear this album knowing the kind of music on `` One Live Badger '' to be progressive and inspired . What I found instead was a Jackie Lomax solo album with all traces of Badger 's previous sound excised . Now if you are a die hard Jackie Lomax fan , this album is probably for you . Jackie has made good music in the past as his Apple output shows ... but this stuff is slick white R&B with lots of horns and girl singers to boot . It 's not the progressive rock Badger at all ... it 's a funked up Jackie Lomax R&B fest in disguise .
 If you liked the energy and freewheeling jams that characterized `` One Live Badger , '' the initial offering from this group , under no circumstances should you acquire `` White Lady , '' an effort that takes the notion of a sophomore slump to new depths . I 'll never forget how much I anticipated hearing this recording back in the ` 70s nor the profound shock at hearing the tepid , boring dreck that blared from my speakers . What could have happened?With founding guitarist Brian Parrish and bassist Dave Foster gone , a slew of folks showed up to contribute to this effort . Do n't be impressed by the line-up despite seeing Jeff Beck , Kim Gardner , and producer Allen Toussaint in the fold . This whole effort was hijacked by Jackie Lomax , and under his control the band issued this collection of wilted , languid collection of white soul tunes . Tony Kaye , the force behind `` One Live Badger , '' is little more than a session musician here.Maybe it was the heat and humidity from recording in New Orleans . Whatever it was , you do not want to hear the results . And to tell the truth , I guess I knew at some level that the band was in trouble as soon as I saw the album cover.If you think about all the great music that has never made it to CD , such as several recordings by Streetwalkers , then you have to wonder why this one did . Spare yourself this horror . Please trust me .
 I was delighted to discover Gurvitz 's work had been remastered and was available on Amazon , having encountered the Jazz/Pop `` Sweet Vendetta '' effort on vinyl as a DJ in the 80 's . It was a TREASURE/5 songs on par with anything I 've ever heard , all written and sung by the artist with SUPERB instrumentation - an A + album from an A + talent . Noting current Amazon prices for ALL his other stuff except `` Acoustic Heart '' , it was next a no-brainer to spend less than a buck on that CD even though the cheap price meant a probable stinker . NOT ! Absolutely FANTASTIC guitar instrumental album ala Craig Chaquico . So now , prior to busting most of a c-note on landing `` Il Assassino '' and `` No Compromise '' , we `` invest '' a little less than a saw-buck for `` Classic '' . Did I say `` INVEST '' ? BUMMER ! No wonder they did n't include track samples ! Weak songs , melodies and lyrics + vocals that do n't even sound like the chap on `` Sweet Vendetta '' . Guess I 'll save my hard-earned cash on Adrian 's remaining work BUT would unequivocally recommend a `` used copy of `` Sweet Vendetta '' to ANYBODY , and `` Acoustic Heart '' as the best 73 cents I ever spent . ; -RRB-
 Sorry , but ` Classic ' simply has to be the worst song I have evr heard . Indeed I tell my children so . It 's paper thin tune is overlayed by what must be the worst lyrics on disc . ` Gon na write a classic , gon na write it in an attic , babe I 'm an addict now , an addict for your love . Enopugh said ? Not quite . How did this get onto vynal . More , how did it get onto CD .
 The CD was not want I expected . A couple of the songs are good but that 's it . Do n't believe I will be getting any more . The one that is definetly 5 Star is ` Only make believe '
 No disputing the ear on this one . Every note loud and clear , oh so clear . But it all goes to signify very little regarding the sweep and ecstasies Strauss wrote into the score . Ozawa just does n't cut the mustard . The ear was riveted while my mind wandered . Return to Karajan for the Strauss sublime .
 These songs/artists are no more the godfathers of grunge than I am the King of England . A feeble attempt at jumping on the grunge bandwagon and claiming to have someting to do with it 's origins . Great songs nonetheless , but a stupid title for a classic rock album .
 so bad it hurts . a few years ago I thought maybe these guys would amount to something , but it 's clear now , they arent ' really going anywhere , musically , or in their career . this is some seriously retread stuff here . as generic as it gets . destined for bargain bins everywhere
 the clips are good but the menu/titles are trash , plus if you look at his DVD essentials you find that about 60 percent of the tracks are on both DVd 's
 The addition of various guest artists to the basic Ventures has definately boosted the sound and the overall liveliness of the music . I love the extra licks of Jerry McGee and Leon Taylor I think is better than Mel . The extra textures , renditions , and the extra players in some of the songs really make them jive . I would love to see some more collaborations and new music like this to appear . This disc has become an all-time favorite of mine and show The Ventures have reached another plateau in the quality of their playing .
 Very clever work but not good to listen to . There are many soloists with much more interesting and melodic improvisation .
 The Amazon site lists this album `` Midnight on Cloud 69
 Ian Anderson talks the talk -- `` we hear at last on CD the sparkling detail of the original master tapes fresh from the vaults '' -LRB- from Anderson 's liner notes -RRB- -- but the product simply does not bear this out . It may be telling that Anderson says he learned from the original session engineer Robin Black `` everything I needed to know about engineering music in the studio . '' Frightening words.There 's no mastering credit here , and this has all the hallmarks of a `` mastered at home '' album , from the sucked-out top end , which sounds like it was de-hissed and then egregiously re-equalized to try and put some of that `` sparkle '' back in , to its flat , dimensionless bottom end and two-dimensional midrange . Acoustic instruments suffer the most , but right across the board the voices sound thin and sharp and the high-hat and cymbals are brash and hashy and instead of crisp , detailed , and rich in the harmonics the analog master ought to reveal . And the snare ? What snare ? It 's been reduced to a hard punchy mass of high frequencies.For one thing , this recording is not as good as earlier efforts were . But you 'll still do * much * better with almost any LP pressing , or , if you have to have it on CD , pick up the original CD pressing , which you can now find quite cheap -LRB- Amazon 's ASIN is B00000K44W -RRB- . The original CD is n't great , but it puts you closer to the undoctored master tape than this one does . To its credit , the new mastering does not compress the master to death dynamically -- that 's the only respect in which it 's better than certain other `` remastered '' CDs.This release * does * include two bonus tracks , but they 're far from highlights on an album that 's already strong out of the gate . If you 're after the kind of stellar , luscious sound quality found on the DCC gold disc version of * Aqualung * -LRB- ASIN B00000018N -RRB- , do n't bother with this pup .
 From `` War Child '' onward , Jethro Tull continued and continues to flounder . Here and there intimations of the old inspiration peek through . Here in `` Heavy Horses '' intimations are `` One Brown Mouse '' and `` Moths '' . -LRB- `` Moths '' , however , is marred with ponderous and ungainly modulation and passage-work . -RRB- The rest is wooden -LRB- not sylvan -RRB- . Recommended
 If this group had disbanded after `` Passion Play '' it would be recalled fondly even today . Instead it 's recalled as an embarrassment lumbering through the decades -- to the extent it 's recalled at all.Ad rem , however
 I remember when this was originally released , and I remember how fast it went to the bargain bin with the other cutouts at the local record store . I remember because I BOUGHT it from the bargain bin -LRB- I 'd been burned before with `` War Child '' , and I 'd heard the obnoxious single `` Too Old to Rock and Roll , Too Young to Die '' , so I was n't taking chances -RRB- . And even though I only paid a buck or two for my copy , I still regretted the purchase . Nowadays the only song on it I ever , ever play is `` Moths '' . Enough about me , however . It 's worth noting , that although Jethro Tull had been in artistic , critical , and popular decline since just after `` A Passion Play '' , this album , `` Heavy Horses '' , is the album that knocked it permanently off the top ten . Something to think about .
 I have the impression this record 's lyrics were written before its music . They fit rather uneasily , and quite a bit of the `` melody '' is just reiteration of a single pitch -LRB- especially on `` Journeyman '' , but to a significant extent also on `` Mouse Police '' , `` No Lullaby '' , and `` Rover '' as well as on the middle sections of several of the other songs -RRB- . Where there are some slight wisps of actual melody , or , rather , intimations of melody , the music is particularly trite . -LRB- I 'm thinking here especially of `` Acres Wild '' , `` Rover '' , and `` Weathercock '' . -RRB- The lyrics seem to present a particular problem for their musical settings because they tend not to be very lyrical . They are prosaic rather , and in a clumsy , overwrought , and often insipid and smarmy manner -LRB- e.g. , `` Good morning , weathercock/Make this day bright/Point the way to better days we can share with you '' -RRB- . Here is a typical bit of lyric chosen more or less at random : `` I 'll make love to you in all good places/under black mountains in open spaces/by deep brown rivers that slither darkly/through far marches where the blue hare races . `` That sounds vaguely literary , or pseudo-literary , such that it may impress those with puerile taste , but it is unlikely to have any genuine emotional or sensual effect on anyone . If you 've ever taken an elementary English composition course , you can probably see why immediately . We have seven flabby adjectives -LRB- each noun is modified with at least one -RRB- and a flabby adverb , but only three verbs -- only three words denoting something happening . Of these verbs only one is strong . Even so a river can slither only figuratively , if it can slither at all , and a DEEP river is unlikely to slither even figuratively . `` Darkly '' only dilutes `` slither '' . Here is a contrasting example by Paul Simon that makes a strong verb tell
 There are , of course , worthy pop musicians -LRB- Leonard Cohen , for example -RRB- who never achieve mass popularity as well as worthless pop musicians who do . Nor is it uncommon for pop musicians who achieve mass popularity eventually to lose it -- either gradually or abruptly.A remarkable , and much remarked on , thing about Jethro Tull is that it achieved its greatest popularity without U.S. singles or AM radio play . In fact , its first and only # 1 album , `` Thick as a Brick '' was , in fact , NOT an album , but a single song -- only # 1 album , that is , excepting `` A Passion Play '' which achieved # 1 status briefly -LRB- for a single week -RRB- . Jethro Tull followers felt themselves a party apart from the followers of AM rock groups such as The Guess Who , Steppenwolf , and The Doors , and even , for that matter , from the followers of The Rolling Stones and The Who . -LRB- This distinction will mean little to those who do n't know how radio and the `` music industry '' have changed drastically since the late sixties and early seventies . Formerly `` underground '' FM rock stations were replaced with corporate-controlled FM rock stations . Single 45 r.p.m. vinyl discs ceased to exist . In 1996 Congress removed the restriction preventing a single company from owning more than forty radio stations ; now fifty percent of the radio stations in the country are controlled by only two companies . -RRB- These Jethro Tull followers were wary when Jethro Tull finally had a U.S. hit single , `` Living in the Past '' in 1973 . There were , however , extenuating circumstances . `` Living in the Past '' , the album from which it came , was a retrospective compilation of out-takes and samples , and it was reported that the group had released it to meet their contractual obligation since `` A Passion Play '' was taking longer to put together than anticipated . In any case , `` Living in the Past '' , the song , was pleasant and tasteful , if also very simple and obviously indebted to `` Take Five '' , by way of the theme from `` Mission Impossible '' . `` Bungle in the Jungle '' was a different story . Here we had a tasteless APPARENT attempt to cash-in on Jethro Tull 's popularity and sell-out its first audience , its grassroots followers . To cut to the chase , it is not JUST that Jethro Tull 's popularity fell off and continued to fall off as the seventies wore on , it is also that to a considerable extent one Jethro Tull audience was replaced by another . In light of this , the relatively poor sales of `` Heavy Horses '' has more than commercial significance . In a nutshell , `` Heavy Horses '' is not an essential Jethro Tull album .
 Sorry , boys and girls , I ca n't think of a more nearly perfect example of banality than `` Good morning , weathercock/Make this day bright/Point the way to other days/We can share with you . '' You may happen to LIKE banality ; you may concoct some sort of argument espousing banality even ; but let 's , please , not use words any which way . -LRB- Thank you . -RRB- The musical forms here , as it happens , are simple ternary forms , conventional and unremarkable and not worth discussing one way or the other . Let 's be rhetorically honest , shall we?Is this a pastorale ? It does n't matter
 I remember when this was originally released , and I remember how fast it went to the bargain bin with the other cutouts at the local record store . I remember because I BOUGHT it from the bargain bin -LRB- I 'd been burned before with `` War Child '' , and I 'd heard the obnoxious single `` Too Old to Rock and Roll , Too Young to Die '' , so I was n't taking chances -RRB- . And even though I only paid a buck or two for my copy , I still regretted the purchase . Nowadays the only song on it I ever , ever play is `` Moths '' . Enough about me , however . It 's worth noting , that although Jethro Tull had been in artistic , critical , and popular decline since just after `` A Passion Play '' , this album , `` Heavy Horses '' , is the album that knocked it permanently off the top ten . Something to think about .
 I doubt many of those who profess to enjoy this record really do . I think they only admire its chains of dangling participles , its overwrought adolescent pseudo-poetry . They are impressed by such obscurities of diction as `` night-light ride '' and `` butterfly-stroking on a spring-tide high '' . Or maybe they find Ian Anderson 's chanting `` and the mouse police never sleeps '' unaccompanied at the end of the song of this title ... um , cute . I find it obnoxious -- not even cloying , just obnoxious . In any case , since there is so very little music in the rest of the song , the contrast is not striking.The back cover photograph of the group members in tuxedos brandishing wine glasses , by the bye , puts me in mind of another seventies rock record
 Throughout most of this Ian Anderson sings , if you can call it singing , in a hoarse rasp , as if either his voice is completely shot or his throat is full of phlegm -- not a pleasant , and certainly not a musical , sound . On `` One Brown Mouse '' he makes a different sort of unpleasant sound , one I ca n't really describe , a sort of nasal boing-boing thing.What happened to the sweetness of `` Wondering Aloud '' from `` Aqualung '' ? I suppose it 's possible Mr. Anderson was merely embarrassed by the material here . It 's junior high school stuff , after all -- purple prose , diatonic harmonic cliches -LRB- diatonic despite all the frantic -- and musically unmotivated -- key changes -RRB- , and lots and lots of droning on a single tone.But as Shakespeare 's King Lear puts it , O reason not the need . Just avoid the recording .
 Hmm ... Well , I do n't know . I 'm inclined to consider Weathercock , for example , a song about ... a weathercock . Okay , like the songs having to do with animals , this song having to do with an inanimate non-animal also anthopomophises , but that 's pretty much it for imagination . -LRB- `` Rasping '' aside , the singing here and elsewhere strikes me as rather inanimate itself . -RRB- Speaking of Weathercock , its refrain is home to one of those `` rare melodic bits '' -LRB- or however it was put -RRB- we occasionally find on this album . Its verse basically drones in turn on one of three pitches , with pentatonic embellishment and only vestigial harmonic accompaniment . The `` rare melodic bit '' I 'm thinking of is a pentatonic neume above a supertonic triad preceded by the -LRB- major -RRB- tonic triad on `` Sing to us softly ; hum evening 's song '' . For better or worse , you 've heard something very like this many times before . Conversely , the bit that makes me cringe -LRB- especially the second time when `` Tell us how the blacksmith ... '' becomes `` Point the way to ... '' -RRB- comes directly after
 If this group had disbanded after `` Passion Play '' it would be recalled fondly even today . Instead it 's recalled as an embarrassment lumbering through the decades -- to the extent it 's recalled at all.Ad rem , however
 Have we `` read Robert Burns '' ? -LRB- Someone wants to know . -RRB- I 'm going to pull a volume of his stuff from my shelf , open it at random , and point ... Egad ! It 's part of a poem called `` To a Mouse '' . This is purely a coincidence , I assure you . From my finger -LRB- the beginning of verse seven -RRB- : `` But mousie , thou art no lane/In proving foresight may be vain : / The best-laid plans o ' mice an ' men/Gang oft agley/An ' lea'e us nought but grief an ' pain/For promised joy ! `` Still thou art blessed compared wi ' me ! / The present only toucheth thee : / But och ! I backward cast my e ` e/On prospects drear/An ' forward , tho ' I can not see , I guess an ' fear ! `` Not too shabby , eh ? Okay , let 's see
 I have the impression this record 's lyrics were written before its music . They fit rather uneasily , and quite a bit of the `` melody '' is just reiteration of a single pitch -LRB- especially on `` Journeyman '' , but to a significant extent also on `` Mouse Police '' , `` No Lullaby '' , and `` Rover '' as well as on the middle sections of several of the other songs -RRB- . Where there are some slight wisps of actual melody , or , rather , intimations of melody , the music is particularly trite . -LRB- I 'm thinking here especially of `` Acres Wild '' , `` Rover '' , and `` Weathercock '' . -RRB- The lyrics seem to present a particular problem for their musical settings because they tend not to be very lyrical . They are prosaic rather , and in a clumsy , overwrought , and often insipid and smarmy manner -LRB- e.g. , `` Good morning , weathercock/Make this day bright/Point the way to better days we can share with you '' -RRB- . Here is a typical bit of lyric chosen more or less at random : `` I 'll make love to you in all good places/under black mountains in open spaces/by deep brown rivers that slither darkly/through far marches where the blue hare races . `` That sounds vaguely literary , or pseudo-literary , such that it may impress those with puerile taste , but it is unlikely to have any genuine emotional or sensual effect on anyone . If you 've ever taken an elementary English composition course , you can probably see why immediately . We have seven flabby adjectives -LRB- each noun is modified by at least one -RRB- and a flabby adverb , but only three verbs -- only three words denoting something happening . Of these verbs only one is strong . Even so a river can slither only figuratively , if it can slither at all , and a DEEP river is unlikely to slither even figuratively . `` Darkly '' only dilutes `` slither '' . Here is a contrasting example by Paul Simon that makes a strong verb tell
 Tull did NOT die after Thick as a Brick !! they never did . and with Heavy Horses they prove it . The album opens with the first track . The opening guitar riffs are immediately audible . As the song progresses , Ian Anderson uses microphones on his vocals . The next three songs have a slower beat , but a deep blues sound going through them . Heavy Horses is the true coming of age for Jethro Tull in that all the stories in the songs were like a renisance of time . I AM A GREAT TULL FAN AND I A POSSESS ALL OF THEM ... . AND THAT 'S THE REASON WHY I DARE TO MKE SUCH AN APPRECIATION FOR THIS `` UNIQUE '' ROCK BAND ... `` I AM TOO OLD TO ROCK N ROLL AND TOO YOUNG TOO DIE '' .
 Were we really here convening a meeting of the Jethro Tull Fan Club , then I suppose it would be enough that the moniker `` Jethro Tull '' appears on Heavy Horse 's sleeve.We are not , and it is n't . I do n't begrudge the members of the Jethro Tull Fan Club their fixation , but in the wider world Heavy Horses must , I 'm afraid , survive by such merits it may possess.Were it really `` nitpicking '' to point out that Heavy Horse 's lyrics are awful , its music non-existent , then I suppose we should have to content ourselves to consider how the various instrumentalists acquit themselves . It is not the fault of these hired hands that the rigid structures -LRB- I almost said `` strictures '' -RRB- we find here give them little opportunity to shine . They do as well as we can reasonably expect given the circumstances , but if we had Steve Gadd on drums , Eddie Gomez on bass , Larry Carlton on guitar , it would n't make a bit of difference . -LRB- If you want musicianship , pick up a Steely Dan . -RRB- Oh , never mind
 Dum-de dah-dee dah dah ... . Totally absent from this heap of mediocrity . As exciting as a slow release of gas under one 's seat . And about as meaningful .
 Let 's admit it
 One star for Falk Struckman , one of the best Wotan I ever heard , and one star for Graham Clark , one first class Mime . The others singers are very problematic . Andrea B&ouml;nig as Erda has nothing to do with the role . But the big problem here is John Trevealan -LRB- Siegfried -RRB- . There are moments that it is very painful to listen to him . The last phrase he sings before the Orchestral Intermezzo for the closing scene -LRB- Jetzt lock ` ich ein liebes Gesell -RRB- is shameful . The beginning of the closing scene , when he arrives at Br&uuml;nhilde 's rock is the worst moment of this DVD.Deborah Polaski has n't the resources for Br&uuml;nhilde . And G&uuml;nter von Kannen as Alberich is dramatically a disaster . Fafner -LRB- Eric Halfvarson -RRB- and The Bird -LRB- Cristina Obreg&oacute;n -RRB- are vocally very good . But no one buy one expensive DVD like this because of the Wood Bird.I really think the Kupfer 's direction old fashioned . This post nuclear universe ... This is so old now ... The set of the first act is awful , and I ca n't understand costumes like that of Wotan and Brunhilde.And the idea of Wotan answering Siegfried 's horn in a second horn is ridiculousAs in Die Walk&uuml;re , Bertrand de Billy , the conductor , is very irregular . The first act is superb . But the last part of the third act is so slow ... and the tenor is so tired ... a disaster . The solo violins at the beginning of this last scene is very problematic too.In DVD the best solution for Siegfried is Boulez / Cheareau . And the best tenor as Siegfried in DVD is Siegfried Jerusalem . And if you want to listen without sufering this magnificent score listen to Nilsson/Windgassen/B &ouml;hm - Bayreuth 1966 .
 This is great jazz music . Sterling Davis and his Orchestra do some competent interpretations of the Duke 's music . Unfortunately , the choice of songs is not very compatible with ballroom dancing . Many of the tempos are difficult at best . Why not just buy `` The Essential Duke Ellington '' -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and look elsewhere for dance music?Here are the titles , durations , and my suggestions for what just might work on the dance floor.I let a song go out of my heart , 2:58 , Foxtrot . Fairly slow , but danceable.Sophisticated lady , 2:32 , Foxtrot or Nightclub Two Step ? This is very slow , and it will test all of your control in a foxtrot.Creole love call , 2:41 , Foxtrot or Nightclub Two Step ? Slow with a faster tempo at a couple points.Gal from Joe 's , 2:56 , Lindy . This will be fun for Lindy-Hoppers . This has some fun bounce.Azure , 3:23 , Foxtrot or Nightclub Two Step ? It is hard to hear the beat in this . It is also very slow.Tulip or turnip , 2:56 , Lindy . A faster foxtrot or Lindy.In a sentimental mood , 3:37 , Nightclub Two Step ? Again , this is really slow.Like the Duke , 3:53 , Nightclub Two Step ? Oh , it is slo-o-ow . Mood indigo , 3:34 , Foxtrot or Nightclub Two Step ? Also fairly slow.Caravan , 2:13 , Quickstep , if you dare ! Go figure
 I still do not have this CD , where might it be ? Please help . It has been 2 months and I still do not have this CD which I paid for already . You have the money I have no CD ?
 Navarro backed up Carole King after she met them through Dan Fogelberg , but except for Hardy 's flute playing , one wonders why she left stellar players like Danny Kotchmar , Leland Sklar , and Tom Scott for this group . Instrumentally , they are listenable , but certainly not polished . They never inhabit the music the way King did in previous Ode records or the prementioned session players . However , the main problem is the singing -LRB- Mark Hallman 's ? -RRB- , often off pitch , nasal , and strained . I usually avoid negative reviews ; being a musician myself , bad days or misconceptions of how something should sound happen haunt us all . However , someone should have stopped this record before it hit the press . I can guess that the only reason it is here is for those of us Carole King fans who want to explore some tangents . This cd was expensive and certainly did n't warrant the effort or the money .
 Weak and powerless ... everyone knows this one.The remix of blue is ok but the chorus has some wierd synthed voice during the chorus which makes it sound like a clown singing `` such a perfect colour . . '' , wierd.There is also a card sleeve version out there with crimes as the backing track to weak and powerless.Both are light on and only for collectors .
 I saw the movie , then I bought the 8-track , the LP , later the CD and now the DVD just to found that missed 8 of the 12 the sound track songs , I 'm very dissapointed
 What a disappointment . The original was truley entertaining , showing Elvis rip his pants , classic dance moves , and interviews with fans . WHY change a good thing ? They should rename the video Elvis - thats part of the way it is ...
 SAVE YOUR MONEY , ORIGINAL VERSION , IN MONO , THE OUTTAKES VERY POOR PICTURE AND SOUND , THE SOUND AND FILM OF THE AFTER PARTY SEGMENT OF THE OUTTAKES ARE COMPLEAT IN THE ENDING CREDITS OF TTWII S.E. 2001 RELEASE , YET WARNER CHOOSE TO CHOP UP THE SOUND UP HERE , WHAT A UNNESSARY RIP OFF .
 In another classic example of RCA/MGM 's attempts to give fans only portions of songs and performances , this DVD , while adding new concert footage , also cuts several songs from the original film . Why ? You have to feel somewhat insulted by the fact that the DVD version still features a nervous Elvis talking about forgetting the lyrics to `` I Just Ca n't Help Believin ' , '' and then does n't include the song ! It 's almost insulting.We all know DVD is capable of much longer footage , yet this release barely outruns the original . Even songs that are included in the original are cut for this version , such as the shortened and sadly missing `` Hut-two-three-four , I learned that in the army '' seque in `` Polk Salad Annie . '' They could have included everything here , they simply chose not to . Probably so that a `` special , special edition '' can be released later , or for a new product named `` Elvis Live In Las Vegas , '' for which we 'll all have to shell out another $ ... Put this together with the original concert footage , include the original version on Side 2 of the DVD -LRB- which they 're perfectly capable of doing -RRB- and you 've got something . But why do that when they figure no one will know the difference ?
 The original version of `` Elvis
 The remastering is excellent , but I prefer the original film . Some of my favorite performances are missing -LRB- like BRIDGE OVER TROUBLED WATER -RRB- as well as ALL the interviews . And how do you access all the extra songs that are supposedly included ? I ca n't find them anywhere ! Try to find the original version before it disappears !
 It 's a shame what warner has done ! We were looking forward to this Special Edition for so long . I finally grapped my copy today , drove home as fast as I could and put the second dvd into my player ... My first impression
 Fans were justly horrified with some of the editing decisions made in the `` new '' version of the film -LRB- especially the ommission of ' I Just Ca n't Help Believing ' -RRB- . Now the original has finally been released on DVD in the correct aspect ratio but with a MONO soundtrack -LSB- it was originally 4 track stereo -RSB- .
 I just ca n't help believing ! -LRB- Actually , this is one of the songs that is not included on this DVD . Can you believe it ? -RRB- I have no idea how to access to those `` Bonus Selections '' that are listed . I think there must be something wrong with the production line . Read the other reviews , they are all true
 Save your hard earned dollars . I purchased this DVD and This Is Elvis special edition as well . It is a repackaging of the same old stuff . The best part of TIE is the car scene where Elvis says , `` I was buried in a ? # % -LRB- # $ '' . Followed by lots of laughter . It may as well have been bleeped out . When this movie was on TV in Canada years ago , the sound was great and one could hear everything . Everything ! I was hoping the live Little Sister would include Get Back , but no , we are sadly disappointed . Again ! Maybe someone in the know could tell us just exactly what outtakes are being held ` in the can ' and why . Is Elvi $ still the meaning of Elvis ? Elvis On Tour in our future ? I think , again sadly , no .
 This is a Turner Entertainmnet/AOL/Time / Warner film . It is NOT the MGM film . Turner has destroyed my memory of the original film . There 's lots missing , nothing has been added except a -LRB- for the most part -RRB- horrible sounding soundtrack . A travesty . Stick with the old MGM VHS .
 What a tragedy
 Elvis fans waited a long time to get this on DVD . The great original VHS extended version is subjugated to secondary status here
 Disc No 2 - Very disappointing - Not Dolby Digital - Concert and complete disc only 1 speaker sound.Please answer if this is to be so?Regina
 I was very disappointed when I got this dvd set . The Special edition is excellent both sound and picturewise.The Theatrical version is just horrible . The sound recording level is extremely low -LRB- you 'll need either very sensitive speakers or a very powerful amplifier to get normal volume -RRB- . Also , bass is practically nonexistent , and it 's mono too . This sounds worse than old VHS versions . Picture quality is also inferior to the Special edition . All in all , the widescreen laserdisc sadly remains the best way to view the Theatrical version.The outtakes are interesting , but they are too plagued by the very low recording level . The sound on them is much worse than on official or bootleg cd 's . Picture quality varies , and is generally poor .
 In this new 2001 version of `` Elvis That 's the Way it Is '' , a true Elvis fan can not help but be bitterly disappointed by the array of disjointed and cut-up `` outtakes '' that this movie represents . The original movie fully captured the essence of the Elvis era , and the excitement that fans felt in anticipating and experiencing an Elvis performance . The original has a coherent flow from pre-stage preparations to wonderful full versions of his stage performance . This new version is a hodge podge of his worst moments with the majority of the quality cut out . The stage performance is bleak with emphasis on the `` hamming it up '' moments rather than hearing his awesome full length performances . Even `` Bridge Over Trouble Water '' is sliced out . With the exception of the novelty of seeing a few new pieces of footage -LRB- however poor they maybe -RRB- , the Original version in my prediction will become a `` cult '' classic with this later version taking a place on the back shelf .
 If you already have the previous special edition do not buy this . The first disc duplicates exactly that release . The 2nd disc whilst having a few interesting extras is the original release . This is poor quality as compared to the first disc , and duplicates the concert again -LRB- if you already own the previous special edition -RRB- . I 'm afraid this is just a money making exercise to cash in on the 30th anniversary of his death .
 If you have the original version of this great film , in whatever format , hold on to it ! This is not the original movie !! I love Elvis and I love `` Elvis
 I LOVED the original movie and had the original VHS . So I bought the dvd for my collection . Imagine my shocking disappointment when I found the dvd is missing songs ! MISSING SONGS !!! They have removed some of the best songs e.g. Sweet Caroline , Bridge over troubled waters etc. . And the sound is EXTREMELY POOR ! You can not hear Elvis unless you turn the volume way up and when you do that there are other distortions . And this does not happen in the original VHS which is many years old now . Please compare this DVD with the original VHS -LRB- not the VHS version released alongwith this dvd -RRB- before agreeing with me . I can not believe that in 2001 , with all the available technology they have put out such a mediocre version of a great movie . I have a big collection of dvds -LRB- bought from AMAZON -RRB- and most are awesome and some not so , but believe me , this one stinks . I am sorry to have to write such a negative review about a DVD that has one of my favorite performers - ELVIS .
 The ` Special Edition ' is fantastic . But , it is the same as the 2001 edition ... The ` Theatrical Version ' sounded better on VHS & TV etc. . . THEY BLEW IT !!!! The sound is low ... no Bass ... awful !! I bought this to get the ` Theatrical Version ' with GREAT sound . There are moments on that version not on the ` Special Edition ; like when Elvis tries to find a working microphone ... the `` 2 out of 4 aint bad '' part.I cant believe in 2007 they can do no better than this . It almost a 2nd generation ripoff of the VHS.PS - This is not Elvis ' fault ... he gives great performances ... ruined by the thumblefisted production crew.They filmed 6 shows in 3 different outfits . Give ME the MASTER tapes and I would produce a 4 hour extravaganza for all Elvis fans.Horrible job .
 I just ca n't help disbelieving that this new version leaves out `` I Just Ca n't Help Believing '' the opening track and greatest song on the `` That 's the Way It Is '' album . I also just ca n't help disbelieving the way this film butchers the original version as if there was nothing worth while in it except the music ! This DVD is a great COMPANION PIECE to the original documentary , but a far LESSER FILM . In fact , it 's NOT a film at all ! Watching this is like sitting in a room with a person with attention deficit disorder who keeps fast-forwarding a documentary to all the music scenes he likes , letting it play for a while , and fast-forwarding again . Do n't get me wrong I LOVE the additional music footage , but why could n't they just add it to the original film , and leave the film in tact ? The original documentary -LRB- and I did n't say Music Video -RRB- gets FIVE stars . This release gets docked three stars for playing to the M-TV culture of slam-bang action and instant gratification and removing the fascinating context of the original film . Inexcusable and disappointing .
 The Bonus Features on this edition has a bad picture quality.They use copys of the third generation !! That 's not a good job!Of course the movies are great , but the original film is in MONOand the BONUS is a joke for the year of 2007 ! Greetings from Germany
 I was familiar with several of the songs on this CD from an album I had in the 70s and had looked forward to having them again . . However , the recording quality left much to be desired . The sound was very scratchy .
 The sound is so screechy that I could only listen to the CD once through , hoping for at least one good track . It actually was painful to my ears . I can not listen to it again or pass it on to anyone else ; it 's that bad .
 I was a bit disappointed with this CD ; it was not what i expected & did n't particularly like the music arrangements for the songs
 After everything that National Skyline has released , this is by far my least favorite . The only songs I like are `` Ghosts '' and `` Karolina II '' . `` October '' and `` Identity Crisis '' just do n't do anything for me . They do n't have that typical National Skyline atmospheric brilliance . Even `` Ghosts '' and `` Karolina II '' are n't THAT good , but better than the other two . If you 're just getting into NS , check out Bliss & Death , Primitive Parade , or either volumes of the Broadcasting EPs . If you 're huge into National Skyline , then get this EP , but if not , go ahead and skip it .
 It 's really sad that some people might judge gothic genre by this compilation . Most of the songs are horrid punk-with-eyliner-on moshpit nonsense . -LRB- e.g. TERRIBLE Cure cover -RRB- If you are into stuff like Misfits or Cramps you are gon na find more then one `` gem '' to play with on this double , but if you are looking for an intro to actual gothic music pass it on and pick up something more fresh & tasteful . -LRB- Prefferably not one of Cleopatra compilations -RRB-
 I am a fan of Patti Page and has been collecting her CD through the years . The latest compilation is great news for her fans because there are more than a dozen of these digital tracks that could not be found elsewhere . Unfortunately , the record company chose to manufacture this CD on cheap , self-destructive CD-R , rather than the common silver-surface CD . -LRB- I bought several copies of the same record , but all of them turned out to be printed on CD-R -RRB- . So buyers beware !! If you want to read more about my personal experience with CD-R , please read my other review
 Sound quality on this CD is poor -LRB- very `` tinny '' & lacking in deep bass richness one would expect of good dance mixes -RRB- . The mixes themselves might be great but they sound like they are being broadcast over an old AM radio .
 I really like GLJ and I have all of the disks ; however , this one is pretty bad . Most of the mixes are very poor quality . Go ahead and remix them yourself on your computer for a better sound .
 Cleopatra strikes again ! This should be called Cleopatra murders the classics . . AGAIN ! The label that is infamous for taking brilliant classic 80 's and New Wave , sucking the life out of it , and trying to reinvent it as uninteresting , dismal , gothic , karoke crap , is back with yet another collection of diss-asters . Cleopatra should concentrate on developing and nurturing young new and classic goth and synthpop bands , and leave the classics alone . Sadly , a great label gone straight to Hell , just like this compilation of crap . 0 Stars .
 This remix of the original is terrible . It sounds like the bass is clipping similar to trying to play it through an old pocket radio . My original analog cassette sounds better . My advise to all of you is to try and find an old Album or cassette and transfer it to a CD .
 I am long time fan Of Johnny Hates JazzBut this reissue , remaster , is really lacking.There is nothing new , or exciting in this release.The 12 inch remixes can be found on The U.K & Japan versionswhich I have . I would think ? being a front runner for `` Virgin `` when They first started , would get a little more respect?But alas , not ! I would think they could a least made this double disc issue with b-sides that are available on the Very Best Of Johnny Jazzlike Living In The Past , The Cage , My Secret Garden and one that was only released in the U.K `` Leave It Up To Me '' , & Cracking Up , These are instrumentalsexcept for cracking up.This is really a slap in the face ! for a artist who helped your company get off the ground Like Cutting Crew , no remaster No Nothing!Same with Breathe . A compilation ? No full cd reissue?One previous unreleased track!does not make me want to purchase this .
 Greetings . I was dissapointed with this product . It does have some fantastic music , yet is lacking the humour that I had wished to hear . Frefa Payne may just not have been meant to produce commedy . She did a wonderful job , -LRB- as always -RRB- , with her voice and style , it is just that the humour was not there .
 Simply put it 's all the GOOD songs , and the Great voice of Roger , BUT !!!! All of the recordings are Live performances -LRB- why does n't Amazon tell us this ??? -RRB- , with the expected loss of quality , and not his best arrangements . Best bet is to pick a different album for studio versions of these songs .
 Despite the poor sound quality , the first six songs are decent ... leading the listener to believe that he or she is going to have an `` okay '' album ... this is not true . The remaining tracks suck peanut butter backwards threw a straw -- bad sound quality , poor album choices , and equally poor artistry .
 Anxiously and with enthusiasm last night I loaded in the new Level42 - `` Live at Reading Concert '' dvd.The concert hall , being more like a high school stage with full indoor lighting had no atmosphere and the audience were all totally dead and frigid , offering the band no support whatsoever.Some sort of light show as with past concerts might also have helped a little.Having had many years of experience in their musical history I was extremely disapointed with this , Level 42s ` last ditch effort in producing the old style sounds.Mark King still today exceeded and performed with his phenomenal style and experience but it could clearly be seen that he strained to pull the others along in the band as their leader , as they tried to maintain the traditional sounds that went with the name of Level 42 . This dvd shows that the sounds of Level 42 days are truly over as they limped along through the titles.In years gone by hitches were well overcome and smoothed over with the unified skills of Mike Lindup and Mark King sticking close , for example , back in the days with the Boon brothers disintigrations.However it was n`t until Mike Lindup finally stepping out leaving Mark to carry the name alone , did it sadly start to slowly conclude as we see it today.The music of Level 42 has carried a great deal of strong and diversified musical history milestones from their start in the early 80 ` s until their end at the parting of the two leaders.Mark and Mike today are both making a sucess in their efforts to venture into their own careers , as do many famous bands at the end of its time.But I believe it is now time to close the book on the great sound of Level 42 that was so prevelant in the years past and leave it as that ... a great memory .
 O.K. ... O.K. before everybody sends me tons of e-mail about my errors.It was n`t until I re-read my rating did I see it myself.Apologies to all concerned.That should have read as the Gould brothers ... Boon & Phil , and not the Boon brothers.I ` m sorry : - -RRB-
 This CD has become a Christmas tradition at our house . We always put up our tree and listen to this CD . I have the album , the cassette , and a CD . I 'm ordering another CD for my self so I do n't have to share with my husband .
 I would 've bought this cd if it was n't for a bunch of overly trendy bands . The only reasons I would buy this would be for the : The Cure , -LSB- been here since the 80 's . Right along with Ozzy - Robert Smith is one of the rightfull godfather 's of this music and genre -RSB- Cradle Of Filth , -LSB- been here since 92 . They were touring , and making music when manson was infront of a camera getting his career a head start from his affilation with trent reznor . COF hustled for thier fallowing showing people that they really have music talents . Manson is and will always be a performer ripping up bibles just to please people , how sad brain warner has become -RSB- A Perfect Circle , -LSB- manyard has been amazing people on how diverse his talents are by showing us Tool , and APC -RSB- Deftones , -LSB- One of the greatest , tour bands in this generation -RSB- Cold -LSB- A underdog band that has been through aboslute sh*t , and back that deserves more than what they get -RSB- Rammstein -LSB- a band that has come from over-seas to make music , a band that is very proud of thier unique sound -RSB- . Still , 6 songs out of 18 is not worth the full price . The rest of the track list makes me to sick to want to buy it ! On the trailer they even feature Collide 's - White Rabbit , but it does not appear on the soundtrack ... That single song would make this soundtrack even more appealng . Alas , people pass up actuall musicians for the mainstrean commercialized trendy hot-topic bands , and then mix in real bands with actuall talents with the latest trendy band in hopes that people will understand that commercializing vanity is apart of music now . Which I believe is complete crap . The odd part about this soundtrack is that the first one was n't this trendy . That just shows how desparate bands are getting for thier attention . If you like certain bands on this soundtrack give them thier dews , and buy thier cd 's dont become a half-assed downloading fan . Give them actuall credit become an actuall fan and buy something from them !!
 The soundtrack to the first Resident Evil film was highlighted by a musical score composed by Marco Beltrami and Marilyn Manson . It 's track lineup , which included Manson , Slipknot , Fear Factory , Depeche Mode , Coal Chamber , and Rammstein among others , attempted to lure in listeners because of it 's supposedly diverse lineup . This soundtrack to the second film in the series is pretty much the same , this time featuring new-era metal darlings Killswitch Engage , along with the Used , Thrice , Deftones , Lacuna Coil , and the Cure to match with returning tracks from Slipknot , Rammstein , and soundtrack staple Rob Zombie . The tracks from Killswitch Engage and Rammstein are solid , and can also be found on their most recent albums . The Used , CKY , and Thrice are along the lines of the `` emo '' - wan na be hardcore brand of music , which is nothing to write home about to be sure . The appearances from the Cure and Lacuna Coil are odd to say the least , and while both groups have done their share of groundbreaking work , they do n't fit here . HIM is undoubtadly gag-inducing -LRB- give me Type O Negative any day -RRB- and Cradle of Filth is here with their typical nausea inducing `` music '' . Remixed tracks from Rob Zombie and A Perfect Circle are n't anything special , while the Deftones and DevilDriver offer some solid tunes . All in all , Resident Evil
 Okay , first off , that is , I want to be a zombie killed in the movie , or better yet , Nemesis , cause then I 'd be big and scary , and would n't need to worry about the fact that this soundtrack sucked ... Tracks : +1 . Slipknot - Vermillion
 All there 's to be said about this soundtrack is ? Music to sell and not from the heart ... Mainstream crap like devilrider , slipknot , killswitch engage and the list goes on and on . Plain crap and if you love real metal do n't even waste your money on this poison kids call music ! Any one can see that who chose this sountrack did it so others can buy it not because they love the music , its so fake and bunch of bullsh * t ! I like to see them putting deicide or cannibal corpse or cryptopsy is those soundtracks ... No ? That 's because mainstream so called '' real '' metal but posers ca n't take real brutality and heavyness with techinality thrown together . Keep your -LRB- ... -RRB- false metal -- I 'll stick to my real extreme music ... Thank you very much !
 I 'm sure almost 90 % of you who are saying HIM is not a good band are American ... You American people do n't know anything about good music , or good things in general . You live in your own world ! HIM is the best metal band and `` Join me in death '' is a very beautiful song , maybe too good to you . Scandinavian music is good but ... do you know where Finland is ? Do you know where Europe is located ? You think USA is the only nation in the world . You do n't understand the quality of European things . You do n't understand ... I feel very proud to be European , yes !
 I really wanted this to be a great DVD concert . It just wasnt I was disappointed . It was an outdoor concert and pouring rain . Dionne did sing her mechanical songs . They werent beautiful to hear . Her voice is much harder than before . It was still great to hear . I would get her about 20 years earlier than this DVD.Excellent delivery and DVD was in perfect shape . No problems in this area .
 These are n't the recordings you remember and they just does n't have the punch . Very weak .
 I was shocked to read the rave reviews that people gave this CD . I am a HUGE Sam & Dave fan and I have a few of their albums . This one is by far the worst . The recordings are awful and nothing like the recordings that were played on the radio . As soon as I played song one off of this CD , I knew I would be disappointed.These songs must have been recorded long after their primes because they sounded terrible . If you 're looking for some good Sam & Dave stuff , check out the `` Sam and Dave Anthology '' .
 Disappointing ! This is an import , and at least some of the songs appear to be re-recordings , probably by Sam & Dave , of Sam and Dave classics . `` Hold on , I 'm comin ' '' does n't sound like the original recording , but may have been recorded live in a lounge.I 'm not saying it 's bad , it 's just not what I expected . The glowing reviews of the CD on the website -LRB- including the one talking about the 8 track tape in the Blues Brothers ' car -RRB- are actually about `` The Best of Sam & Dave '' , another CD entirely .
 I was looking for one particular song from this group . I have about 30 seconds of a song from around 1969 and I dont know the name of it . It wasnt on this cd .
 WHAM , BAM , THANK-YOU GLAM ! - VARIOUS ARTISTS
 OK , so I 'll be clear up front - if you love the track `` The most beautiful girl in the world '' , you 'll love this CD . Frankly I think that this is the most awful track that Prince has released for many years - and this CD is just packed full of remixes of the same awful tune . I have to admit that musically , some of the remixes are interesting but nonetheless make me grind my teeth because the original tune is still obviously there.Being the `` die-hard '' prince fan I am , of course I have a copy , but this is only for the sake of having it in my collection.Quite how it became so commercially successful I think says more of the general populous than of the musical genius that must have either been having a bad day , or was short of cash that month : -LRB-
 who needs 7 remixes of the same song ... and not a great one at that ... if it were priced at about 5 bucks it may be worth it ... but i know many people who thought this was an EP with other new material and felt totally ripped off ... avoid this and just buy The Gold Experience , if you already own that then keep shopping . Prince has plenty of other CD 's
 And by that standard I 'm referring to the poll winners discs . Some of the stuff on here is downright horrible , for example in Seven Come Eleven he nearly stops playing -LRB- it was way too fast and he just was n't keeping up -RRB- and his rhythm chops are pretty sloppy at various points throughout . Maybe I just was n't feeling it tonight , usually I do n't write bad reviews , but from what I know of Barney Kessel I would say this is n't his prime stuff.Still , I agree with the other reviewer who said there isnt much else available and thus would have to recommend this to fans of his . I 'll say there is some really nice playing in the beginning and he does a stunning version of Heres That Rainy Day , so its a mixed bag . Definitily get it for yourself if you want -LRB- the interviews are nice historical documents too -RRB- but I would n't use this DVD to try and turn on a fan who does n't already like him . Not that thats the definition of a good music DVD , but I can only give this two stars because of how many times I thought to myself `` wow , he really sounds rusty '' . Great player , musician , I do appreciate having the footage but his legacy deserves so much more than this !
 &#34; This Time of the Year &#34; did n't have a list of songs on the DVD . I was very disappointed in the selection . THe songs were silly & not Christmas oriented .
 The music on this CD was too fast and too generic for a holiday offering . Instead of showcasing the unique style of Steve Tyrell , it sounded like it could have been anyone 's CD with mediocre production values thrown into the mix . This collection definitely missed the mark , in my opinion .
 I love Steve Tyrell 's music . I mistakenly thought this was a full CD , not just one song . Would n't choose it again
 As a huge fan of Steve Tyrell 's other two albums , I was hugely disappointed in this missed opportunity to apply the same gentle jazz/swing arrangements to a selection of holiday standards . Instead , the album offers over-blown arrangements and and no sign of Tyrell 's trademark relaxed vocal phrasing . Too bad .
 If Tyrell ever had a voice , it 's gone now , as evidenced by his inability to sustain even the shortest notes or phrases . What passes for Steve 's ` style ' is a graveley , fall off at the end of every musical line - a sort of old school , pseudo-hypster , I 'm - really-cool-at phrasing kind of thing . In the business it 's called ` no pipes . ` If it were not for this poser 's music buisness connections , no self respecting label exec would have ever invested a nickel in this ego laced load of song assinations .
 Contrary to other reviews of this album , I have to say that I found it very disappointing.I had noticed first and foremost that Johnson is a wonderful guitarist , and there is a palpable lack of that talent on display here.Now this could be down to the fact that I first heard Michael Johnson on the Live at the Bluebird Cafe album and compared to that this one does not even come close.Take Rosalee for example.On the Live album there is just Johnson and his wonderful guitar playing making for an acoustic delight.On this , a very `` studio '' version , with no guitar , it sounds pallid and hollow by comparison.The same can be said for the other tracks including the beautiful `` I Cant ' t get to you from here '' . There is a wondeful live version of this on Youtube , take a look and you will see where i 'm coming from.Now , there is no doubting the quality of the songwriting on this album , but the overblown studio sounds does little for Johnson as a guitarist.In fact , only on one track is his talent in this respect noticeable and that is only a short offering.Maybe I am being a little unfair highlighting only Johnson 's guitar work and it 's lack thereof here , but I think that 's what makes Johnson standout from the crowd in this genre.Get the Live recording , or look on Youtube if you want to taste what I think is the real Michael Johnson .
 Marc Briquet -LRB- 1896-1979 -RRB- seems to be a composer worth hearing , and this disc brings together not only premiere recordings , but - apart from two of the four pieces for orchestra - works that have n't previously been performed . The musical language is essentially conservatively romantic , and the music well-crafted , dramatic , passionate and colorful , and to a certain degree individual . But it is hard to determine the real merit of his music on the basis of this disc ; the musicians of the Orchestre Philharmonique de Craiova are just not up to the task -LRB- or maybe they 've just been given far too little rehearsal time for such unfamiliar music -RRB- ; the violins are thin and with questionable intonation , the wind sections often grating and ugly , and Modest Cichirdan seems to be sight-reading with little sense of structure and purpose - in addition to little sense of the overall structure of the pieces , instrumental sections often enter in half a beat wrong -LRB- or worse -RRB- , which is bad enough and certainly not helped by the fact that it sometimes sounds as if they merely guess at the approximate note value they 're supposed to enter on . To be fair , I suspect the negative overall impression might be due at least just as much to one of the worst recordings I 've heard ; constantly off-balance , grating , glaringly loud , hard , noisy , murky and opaque.It is all very unfortunate , since from what I can tell the music deserves some exposure , from the dramatically atmospheric and melodic Suite -LRB- composed in Egypt in 1927 -RRB- , through the imaginative symphonic poem ` Offrande au Rhne ' to the generally innocent but -LRB- probably -RRB- atmospheric and tuneful four pieces for orchestra -LRB- The early -LRB- 1920 -RRB- Prelude for Codrus is of more questionable merit ; it is a work of condensed drama but it is a little roughly put together -RRB- . Still , I can not give this disc a general recommendation - the most ardent listener could perhaps try to listen through the inadequate performances and bad sound , and probably find some modestly interesting and rewarding music here , but I am sad to say that overall this one just wo n't do .
 Being a Heart fan , I always look forward to hearing anything new from these fantastic sisters.Well , this is new to me.As a Heart album , this takes all of the weakest material and gloms it onto a CD . As a Christmas album , it just barely hangs in there.The tone of the record is low key , EXTREMELY low key . There 's no excitement of the season , no happiness exhibited through the music , and lastly , no example of what made this band great.Every song , just sashays along at a stultifyingly slow to moderately slow speed , with the emphasis placed soley upon the lyric . That 's great if you 're selling a poetry recording , but it lacks , dare I say it , balls.I did n't come into this expecting `` Barracuda '' with sleigh bells , but for crying out loud , the record just lays there , barely moving , sort of like hibernating mammal.Yes , there 's romance , but even romance has some sort of life to it . This recording has no life to it.Without some sort of energy , romance becomes sleep.I can not recommend this to anyone with the possible exception of those with insomnia .
 This CD is flat out boring . I know Nas has skills but this CD makes me want to take a nap . Whatever happened to hip hop that would energize and fill your mind ? This album is just wack and boring . Sorry Nas .
 I liked the CD , but I have issues with the song `` I can '' . The song is a positive message to children , encouraging them to stay in school and such , and I 'm glad a rapper is encouraging school instead of 40s and blunts , but in it NAS attempts to say Africans are Egyptians . Although Egypt is in Africa , the similarities end there . I should n't need to go over how different the two cultures are , right down to appearances -LRB- Egyptians look Arabic , not black African -RRB- , but I 'm disappointed NAS chose to try and link the African culture with Egyptian culture to give African culture more respectability.The African culture has enough accomplishments on their own without linking them with cultures they 're not related to . If you doubt that than visit any of the African heritage museums around the US , but do n't be surprised if you do n't see the Egyptian pyramids under their list of accomplishments like NAS would have listeners believe .
 Nas is my least fav mc in the game even tho lost tapes shows his skills he lost it with the rest of his albums till it was writtin till now nas has only release weakness after weakness and realy boring and weak beats . For good nas releases get illmatic & lost tapes but f*ck the rest son ...
 i liked # 7 `` i can . '' the rest i can live without .
 Nas used to be tight but he has officially fallen off with this weak effort.Better luck next time Nasir.And PLEASE , get rid of the Bravehearts .
 Back in the day we all once knew of a cat around the way straight out of NYC called Nas who dropped some of the illest rhymes and beats when he came out with albums `` Illmatic '' and `` It was Written '' . Nas also dropped some of the illest guest appearances in many other artists albums that I have ever heard but like the saying goes `` What goes up must come down '' . Nas was at the top for the longest time but as time went on he started putting less work into to his albums which is n't hard to tell which is why he is soon to fall off.On this album his has maybe at the most 4 tight songs but those songs do n't even touch some of his best ones he had earlier in the years before . . If your a Nas fan you got ta wonder how much more trash is he going to put out . .
 I wanted to like this album -- I really did . . but no matter what I just can not get into it . It 's just far too blah for a hip hop album . Well Nas , Im gon na give you what you always wanted -- 1 mic . Im sorry : -LRB- Buy the Lost Tapes though
 this album is wack i tried to listen to it i cant feel itthis lost tapes is way better than this waste of a cdsorry blueprint 2 is better !
 God Son title is a contraditon for Nas because he complain about Jay-z wanting to be God and he is saying he is Jesus . Listen to The Warrior Song .
 I recommend u tha new 2pac cd , better dayz , but not the new nas , this cd is the stupedest cd ive ever heard , the only reason i bought this cd was because of 2pac 's thugs mansion.Oh hey nas remember how pac dissed you in tha 7 day theory intro.hahahahaha !! now ur trying to reminisce on what u did .2 pac + Makaveli 4 LIFE
 This album is proof that Jay-Z is the king.There is a good reason why Jay 's numbers dwarf Nas ' -- the streets want Jay Z!Dispite Nas having his OWN release date , the album has been a huge disappointment for everyone involved , especially the fans .
 im not gon na compare this to illmatic , cause illmatic was the only positive album nas ever had in his career . illmatic was and will be the only hot album nas will ever have . as far as gods son goes , this album can be compared to nastradamus , because nastradamus was 110 % garbage and this sh*t is garbage too . im sick of people saying nas is better than jay s , anyone who ever said said deserves to be smacked . nas is garbage , hes another ja rule that bites off of tupacs style badly . the only reason he got a song with tupac is cause tupacs not around to prevent it from happening , and nas knows if tupac was here he wouldnt make a track with him . nas im only giving you 1 star cause they wont let me give you 0 stars , nasir jones , im sorry but i give you 2 thumbs down on this album . i insist when you see this album in store , to turn the other way , NOBODY BUY IT ITS NOT WORTH IT ALL ...
 this is the same music as `` 50 cents '' albums , same music , same lyrics , same songs , its amazing people shell out money for the same thing , only thing that changes is the artists name ... boyzzzz !
 I enjoyed the Lost Tapes , but this CD is really weak and a HUGE disappointment . Nas may have won the first battle , but after this stinker , Jay Z has won the war .
 this cd offends me . he is comparing himself to jesus . he used the `` fur elise '' in the background of `` i can '' . beethoven is rolling over in his grave . make him go away .
 yeee diggoo nas be de five percents ob de booboo dookie on de side and wang doodle ya mamma twice ya feel me an what not nome sayn , word . Jibee jabbee on ya mamma cuz I bes a God and she bes de earth gots de top secrit doodad on de sista giblets an what not . Hella smack a hoe doe cuz a nukka cain be doodly wifout an edgjmakatium likums we five percents gots cuz we bes god ob allyall suckas ona real tip slippy gyp niple nip tip ya feel me . Erykah Badu I break it down an what not
 My thoughts after listening to his second best album -LRB- Stillmatic -RRB- was `` can he still step it up ? '' , Unfortunately he takes it in another direction with the Softness , and if is n't Softness , it 's repetitive music we 've heard before . He went from Nasty to Escobar to Nastradamus back to Nas and now the self-labeled `` Peacemaker of Hip-Hop '' . Whether that is true is debatable , as is his self-promotion of making up with Tupac during his press for the album.Nas is without a doubt a terrific lyricist , but he 's offering us more of the same music . `` Made You Look '' is good , but have n't we heard something like this on `` It Was Written ? '' And `` Hey Nas '' sounds like something off `` Nastradamus '' . The embarrassing `` Book Of Rhymes '' is a sorry excuse for a song , because it 's not a song rather than Nas going through his old book of rhymes and becoming his own worst critic on the song . `` I Know I Can '' sounds like a positive to last years negative energy `` Destroy and Rebuild '' . Again , we 've heard this already . I 'm not saying Nas should go in a direct left direction by making a rock album , but Nas begs for redemption on this album . `` Mastermind '' sounds like `` Teenage Thug '' from his QB 's Finest album . There is n't alot of profanity -LSB- Now is that REALLY growth to an artist who chose to cuss ? -RSB- but instead Nas ' ` food for thought ' . We all know you 're smarter than the average MC , NAs . Now how about not relying on past material and 2pac to get your point across?The only standout track on this album is `` The Cross '' which is unsurprisingly produced by Eminem , who seems to be hinting at a future profession . Hearing Nas on this song to Em 's mellow Renegade-like beat makes me think Nas should be working out of house . Sure Alchemist is one of the most underrated producers in hip hop , but nothing will top `` Illmatic '' . Nas `` The Teacher '' should teach only those who want to be taught . A tip to Nas -- Leave the teaching to 2pac . He may be dead , but he 's got a good amount of material left .
 derivative non-sense . then again , most rap and/or music is nowadays , so he nothing new . hes just another shill only in the business for money , spwing out some words with no feeling or reasoning behind them , using random sounds for the back beat . he thinks hes jesus , i mean come on ! does anyone know what the fur elise is ? if not , then by all means , buy this piece of garbage . you have no taste in actual music anyway . fah . im moving to sweden . they make real music there .
 I should start by saying that I am a big Nas fan and think that he is one of the best lyricists in the game . ` God 's Son ' is Nas ' follow-up to the classic ` Stillmatic ' . Nas does n't acknowledge his beef with Jay-Z that much on this album although he does have a track dedicated to it called `` Last Real Ni ** a Alive '' . The few standout tracks are `` The Cross '' -LRB- produced by Eminem -RRB- , `` Warrior Song '' -LRB- produced by Alicia Keys -RRB- , and `` The G.O.D. '' , found on the bonus disc -LRB- produced by Swizz Beatz -RRB- . This album fails to live up to the usual creativity and excellence of Nas . It 's a good album to pick up but it 's not the best of the year .
 How the mighty have fallen . What a weak , half-hearted this album is . The less said about it-the better . `` I Can '' , `` Hey Nas '' , `` Zone Out '' ... Get outta here!All he gets is one mic ... One mic . .
 This CD is a snoozefest . . and Zone Out is in top 10 contention for the WORST SONG EVER . Avoid this CD like the plague , and thank me later .
 This CD is boring . Nas used to be great , but he is a shell of his former self . His flow is tired , his subject matter is mediocre , and his choice of guest spots is nothing short of atrocious . Why did Nas think it was a good idea to have Alicia Keys , Claudette , Kelis , and Bravehearts on his album ? The single `` Made You Look '' is wack , but sadly it ends up being one of the brighter spot on this CD filled with worthless drivel . Nas officially needs to hang it up , and just admit that he lost the war to Jay-Z .
 ok enough of the small talk about this dumb cd , its plain and simple DUMB it has no sense to it , `` gods son '' ??? , ok its said by the title that is dumb , he trys so hard to act like 2pac and like a prophet ... man i will give him a 0 if they allowd it ... with these lyrics his going no where ...
 there once existed an emcee who had the ability to paint landscapes of haunting beauty ... told stories so detailed that you could literally invision yourself in the same position or situation ... acquired the privileged ability to flow like hot descending pop corn butter into an empty bag ... this emcee could battle any other contender out there ... now , sadly , he has been consumed by the commercialism that he so vehemently & naturally went against ... bye for now NAS ... until we meet again ... until music is once again emblematic of ART ... shall you join us ?? let 's hope ...
 The first time I listened to `` I Can , '' I remember thinking `` Wow , this is one of the best rap songs I have heard lately . '' Until the last verse , that is . In this verse Nas claims that White people invented money , which consequently ruined Africa . This is not true . Then Nas claims that White people in the United States started slavery . However , it is a well known fact that Africans had Black slaves in Africa centuries before the `` New World '' was even discovered . Also , the slaves were mostly kidnapped by rival African tribes and sold to the White slave traders by their alleged Black `` brothers . `` I was appalled with the way Nas presented White people as invaders of Africa , and oppressors . He claims that before Whites came to Africa , that everything there was great and that there were hugely successful kingdoms . Sure there were Kingdoms , but they were ruled by tyrants just like kingdoms everywhere else during that time . They were constantly warring with one another , and that warring continues today in many parts of Africa . Throughout its history , Africa has had significant trouble with diplomacy between warring tribes . Their historical failure to get along with each other has led to their status today as impoverished third world nations.The worst part about `` I Can '' is that after spewing racist lyrics about how Whites ruined Africa , Nas has the gall to rap his false sermon over Fur Elise , by Beethoven . If you 're going to rant about the `` injustices '' imposed upon your people 150 years ago , do n't sample a White composer.Nas clearly did n't do much work in history class , otherwise he would have his facts straight . I am shocked his record label allowed him to release a verse so historically inaccurate . Someone along the line should have pointed it out to Nas that anyone with a half-way decent education would get mad because Nas does n't have his facts straight.I am a huge rap fan , and I used to like Nas . But after hearing the last verse of `` I Can '' I threw out all of my Nas CDs , deleted his MP3s off of my computer , and took a vow never to listen to Nas again . I urge you to do the same .
 Word to Nas -- you are not Tupac . You are not an artist . You are not a poet . You are a prententious fool . For substantial , intellectual , and intense hip-hop search elsewhere . Try seven years ago , with Tupac 's `` All Eyes On Me . ''
 Nas has fallen off and fallen off hard . I never want to hear `` King of New York '' and Nas in the same sentence -- EVER . This CD is wack , and the Bravehearts are wack . Too bad Eminem didnt at least spit a verse on the Cross . Oh well . This CD is a dud . If you want to support Nas , buy Illmatic or Lost Tapes-not this ...
 Disappointing effort from Nas . Time to go back to the drawing board with rejuvinated lyrics and better production . Better luck next time .
 i 'm disappointed in nas ; how in the world can you talk about the same thing , on every album , and you still think you 're the best ? i know record sales do n't depict just how good you really are , but they do tell you whether or not people are buying your albums ; if your sales are low , people are n't buying . if people will buy albums like trick daddy 's , chingy 's , and lil ' john , something 's obviously wrong with your music ; get some new material .
 God 's Son is a weak attempt by Nas to get back to his glory days . This CD is awful and quite frankly an insult to hip hop . Nasir-hang it up before its too late ... PLEASE .
 This CD is awful and the terrible Zone Out and Hey Nas are just the frosting on the cake . Truly disappointing that the once promising MC from the early 90 's has turned into this . . a shell of his former self , a beaten down man . 1 star . . and Im feeling kind .
 Nas is extremely talented and the beats on this CD are strong . I like the tunes , but am a little disturbed that some people listening to this CD may actually believe some of what he 's saying . i naively assumed we were outgrowing racism and bigotry , but Nas effectively epitomizes both and rubs them in your face . if you want knowledge , read a book ; if you want to bob your head , listen to this CD and try not to pollute your brain with his drivelling lyrics .
 Nas really started out with a Bang as a Artist & showcased a Raw Talent.but then over time He has become Hit & Miss & depending on the subject matter somethings work & others are just taking up CD space.this Set fits that spirit.with Nas you never know which direction & stance He is gon na take & Nas Himself seems not too know as well.lets get a few things straight : He is a Far Better Lyricist than Jay Z.and Can Flow on a groove with Him equally.but the battle seems too be hurting Nas more so than Jay Z & that is a easy answer too that.Nas has more as a Artist too offer but He is being baited into a mindless duel that does nothing for His Skills.Him & Jay Z are too different type of Artists & different Musical Appeals as well.Nas starts off Good & then sinks over time on this set .
 There is only one word I can use to fairly describe this album -- disappointment . After the Lost Tapes I was anxious to hear some more Nas material -- what I got was a rushed package that consists of too many R and B singers , kids choirs , and worst of all - The Bravehearts . Nas tries so hard to outshine Jay Z-that he put out the second worst album of his career . Nas-Shame on you for putting out such a wack album . Better luck next time .
 Heres something to think about . . Whats cornier?A -RRB- Alicia Keys on a rap album?B -RRB- Claudette and Kelis on the same track.C -RRB- Claudette and Kelis on a track called Hey Nas?D -RRB- Bravehearts -- period.E -RRB- Nas trying to beat Jay . . and falling short like LeprechaunsF -RRB- Nas being a hypocriteG -RRB- The childrens choir on Nas 's next single?H -RRB- All of the aboveI give the nod to H . This CD flat out blows and Nas is singlehandedly ruining hip hop .
 Very disappointing effort from Nas . When did Nas lose his heart and start making wack pop cuts ? Either way , this album is a stinker and may be the proverbial nail in the coffin .
 I was hoping Nas would put out another classic -- instead we get this uninspired drivle . Looks like Nas got shook by you know who -- thats sad .
 I do n't know why he thinks he 's in 2pac 's or biggie 's class.Atleast everybody enjoyed their music.This guy comes off flat to me . He has 2 songs that i like # 6 -LRB- I can -RRB- and # 13 -LRB- heaven -RRB- but the rest are o.k. to listen to about once or twice a month .
 i do n't know what happened . this cd is horrible . he never had a nice flow . i used to give him credit for his creativity but thats long gone apparently . as far as his beats , nuthin special . u can get good beats from any cd these days . nas needs to hang his mic up . again , his flow his bad , i say stick with eminem or jay-z
 Nas ' God Son is a very disappointing album . I miss the creativity Nasir used to bring in to the game . Nas now seems lazy and uninspired . I hope he calls it quits bfore its too late .
 I am the world 's biggest Nas fan but this album is weak . Stillmatic was okay , but Lost Tapes was amazing so I had high hopes . This CD is just empty . It feels rushed with weak production and quite frankly , lame lyrics . Im not one for guest spots but that would 've totally helped this album out IMO . Maybe Nas should just call it quits now ? He still has a pretty impressive catalogue of albums .
 How the mighty have fallen . Nas used to be one of my favorite artist but I cant even listen to this entire album without skipping tracks constantly . A really weak effort . `` Hey Nas '' ?? Get that outta here !
 Wow . . What a weak , disappointing album.I still consider myself a Nas fan but his music is really as bad as everybody says now . I really cant believe how wack he has become . He 's obsessed with passing up with Jay-Z and in the process has stepped down about 10 notches.Save your money ...
 Sorry to be insensitive , but it seems that the loss of his mother has REALLY affected `` god son 's '' decision making . It starts of very promisingly with `` Get Down '' but then you have ... like `` The cross '' , `` Zone out '' , `` Hey Nas '' -LRB- obviously targeted at Carson Daly 's brainless minions -RRB- the astonishing , stuttering failure that is the Alicia Keys produced `` Warriors '' and the childish `` I can '' -LRB- childish in every sense of the word from the stupidly simplistic production to the totally unimaginative , repetitive chorus -RRB- The time wasting `` Book of rhymes '' which is a weed session masquerading as a brainstorming session . Most dissapointing of all is the acoustic `` thug mansionz '' which seems a lame attempt to rival Jay-zs `` The dream `` What were left with is ` nt bad but it 's not that good either . Ironically , the only other song worth any playtime is the already overplayed `` made you look `` With a title like `` God 's son '' sooner or later you 're going to get crucified
 Nas Change Since Illmatic , His skills are good but his performence is terrible in his album `` Nas is the 4th hottest MC '' In the lead with 2Pac , Biggie , & Eminem . Nas in `` Stillmatic '' proved that no one could reach to his skills today . as for many of his songs are just not the same as other tracks he played in `` The Lost Tapes '' . Nas did a good job in fixing an album to the `` Bravehearts '' in Late 2003 . Nas Lyrics are hott in this album as always there 's something about the track 's that makes it boring to listen to .
 I 'm sorry , but with the exception of 4 songs , and the bonus songs , this CD is `` Wack '' . I ai n't no Jay-Z lover these days either cuz his Blueprint 2 was even worse . And it was a double cd . Then Jay-Z releases another cd Bluprint 2.0 or something like that . What the heck is that , some X-men 1.5 stuff . Anyway , getting back to NAS , lyrically , no one can question this man 's skills on a mic . He is as gifted on a mic in the 90 's to present , as Rakim , KRS-ONE , Big Daddy Kane , and Kool G. Rap was to the mic in the 80 's . However , his lyrical skills we do n't question . It 's the production of these last few albums . Whoever he 's allowing to produce some these sorry tracks should be fired . The first track on the lp `` Get Down '' gets your head nodding to start off with . Then the Eminem produced track , then Made You Look , and then the Last Real Nigga Alive -LRB- unquestionably the best track on the LP -RRB- . From that point on it goes south in a hurry . The Dance , the tribute to his mom is okay but everything else falls way short . Nas , like Jay-Z and so many other high profile artists are only concerned more by record sales , than creating actual street hop beats . More concerned about radio airplay , than street airplay . And both of their respective albums show it . Until he decides to put radio and sales last , and street `` cred '' first , we 'll be seeing the same ole Hey NAS . And to add insult to injury , to do that to `` Thugz Mansion , NY '' was deplorable . I blame Afeni Shakur more so than anybody for letting someone do that to PAC 's material . If he wanted to give tribute to PAC , he should have left the song the way it was . But hey , JA Rule started all this PAC stealing , and it 's become an epidemic -LRB- see Hail Mary 2003 , Eminmen , 50 Cent , Busta Rhymes -RRB- .
 Unfortuantly nas bombs this one compared to his last cd stillmatic , which was crazy . hopefully his new album Street 's Disciple is alot better .
 This is , in my opinion , the worst Santana album out there . The album stinks because it is too poppy and synthetic . -LRB- I hate the synthesizers -RRB- There are a few decent sounds on this album , but the majority are of unusually poor quality .
 If you 're looking for `` Abraxas '' type fireworks , forget it . Seems as if this CD was done to fulfill a contractual obligation , they should have kept this one in the can . I borrowed this from my local library , I would have been upset if I had paid for it . I guess even an extremely talented and creative guy like Carlos Santana has an off day ...
 Though I like Brew and bought it , it is not good . I do not hear it
 The only song worth listening to on the whole CD was the version of `` Tessie '' which included the members of the Red Sox . The guys of Dropkick Murphys sounded like they were trying to be cool and ` In ' and they just were n't .
 I am giving this 2 stars instead of just 1 star because the CD is only $ 5 . I think the song Tessie is absolutely aweful and has shown how far off this band is now from the olden days of Do or Die . The good news is they did n't write the song , so maybe there is still some hope that future songs wo n't be as bad as this one . I find it also bad that this horrible song is n't only on this disc once , but there 's two versions of it , and each sound equally as bad . I did n't really enjoy any of the other songs on this CD either . I hope for some better things in the future from the Dropkick Murphys , but in the meantime I 'll listen to my Flogging Molly and Street Dogs CDs , as those bands have seemed to surpass DKM in terms of quality music .
 I was very disappointed in this CD . It is very poor quality and certainly not CD quality , probably due to the original recording .
 Originally released in 1990 , this collection of live-on-stage material features some of Parker 's best-known numbers but is marred by generally poor sound quality . All the material is from sessions recorded in NYC between 1949 and 1953 . The track listing is as follows :1 . Now 's the time2 . Cheryl3 . Ornithology4 . Ko Ko5 . Bird of Paradise6 . Just friends7 . Easy to love8 . Repetition9 . A night in Tunisia10 . 52nd Street theme11 . Dance of the infidelsSidemen are listed on the various tracks as :24 December 1949
 This cd is so dull , and plain and boring . This cd was meant to be played in an elevator , that 's where the term `` elevator music '' came from , and this cd qualifies as top rate elevator music , nothing more , nothing less , if that 's what you like , you 've got it here and way too much of it at that .
 This is not a band elevator lounge album , in fact walk into any fancy department store and your likely to be hearing one of these dime a dozen painists playing next to the escolator ! He 's kind of like Liberace in his playing . Good elevator music !
 This si a pretty lame cd , if your 95 years old and you like Mitch Miller 's sing-a-long records than you ; ll dig this , but if you have any aelf respect you 'll stay away from this lame cd taht has no romance a all . Skip this one , it should never have been released EVER !!! How sad that thsi cd is so bad .
 I do n't understand this new hardcore trend going on . I give this band props for sounding a little different , but really this is just a bunch of noise and screaming . `` Screamo '' or whatever the lable is . Plus all the songs sound pretty much the same . Pretty over rated stuff .
 Maybe i just do n't `` get it '' ... . I bought this album after reading all of the glowing reviews it was receiving -LRB- ... -RRB- do n't get me wrong ... . i love power metal ... . i really like Stratovarios , whom Sonata Arctica is constantly compared to ... . so i figured i 'd also love this album ... i dunno ... . while listening to this , i ca n't stop thinking that `` this has all been done before , but better '' ... maybe i need to give this more time ... i dunno ... . the musicianship is stellar ... . production is flawless ... maybe the songwriting is the problem ... . maybe it 's the annoying and cheasy narrations used within this album that now seems to be appearing in almost ALL power metal albums ... i 'm disappointed ... -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Maybe i 've listened to too many power metal bands . This album bored me so much that i actually think that i falled sleep suddenly and missed the good part of it , i mean , there 's nothing atractive in this album .
 WOW , THIS ALBUM REALLY SUCKS ! IT 'S VERY HAPPY SOUNDING , VERY ANNOYING , THE SINGER IS AWFUL .
 Paige puts in an average effort in the British follow up to the 1987 New York production with Patti LuPone -LRB- who fits the role almost perfectly -RRB- . Chorus work slightly shaky . Paige 's accent is hilarious . Pick a note Elaine !
 This CD sounds like its been recorded from a cheap seventies walkman . The recording sucks so bad , that my recommendation is to stay away from this particular piece . Its not even worth $ 1 .
 It is not easy for me to give Miles Dewey Davis anything less than five stars . The music speaks for itself , it is an astonishing document of live electric miles and every note played is here . 5 Stars to the music and a million to the man.However , this boxset seems like it was assembled by bootleggers . All the bindings on the one I recently received , that means the cd books and the hard cover liner notes , came undone the second I opened them . They are far too stiff and assembled very poorly . And the box itself is very thin and flimsy , the outer graphics are so badly applied and missaligned that they showed shelfwear before I took off the shrink-wrap ! The edges of the graphics on the top and bottom seem to be dog-eared before I even opened it.Having said that , I would buy it again . This is the only definitive complete release of these shows and the sound quality is pristine . There has been no tinkering applied , we hear today what the crowd heard then.I love you Miles , thanx for the awesome legacy .
 The music , the songs , the sound , the recording quality - all brillant . But the box is a complete disaster
 Based on the 9 reviews I read on this site , I was really excited to purchase this DVD for our 3-year old son . It arrived yesterday and we watched it as a family for the first time last night . Several scenes into the movie the DVD got stuck and we had to forward to the next scene -LRB- poor quality DVD -RRB- and I will need to return it for aI am rating the film itself and not the technical difficulties experienced with the copy that I purchased -RRB- . Though the visuals are very sweet and excited our son several times , the dialogue it VERY tedious and in the spirit of so many films for children assumes that all kids need to be talked down to , and that animals need to made into characatures to be appreciated by kids . The racoon in the story -LRB- who unfortunately is a contant talker -RRB- is so irritating , even my 3-yr old asked if we could turn the sound off ! Why ca n't the beauty of the animals and their explorations just speak for themselves ? Gentle narration from time to time would have been OK , but why oh why the rediculous accents and insipid dialogue ? Such a shame , because the visuals really are cute . If we watch this film again -LRB- and I doubt we ever will -RRB- , it will be with the sound OFF.Our 3-year old prefers to see animals in the wild through the beauty and tranquility of the BBC 's Blue Planet DVD series , and so do we .
 Because of Amazon 's confusing practice of cross-posting to what it calls `` product groups '' , let me make it clear that this review relates solely to the Sony BMG 2008 4-CD set , with the green cover . This is a reissue of the first recordings Louis Armstrong made under his own name , plus eleven where his studio group provided the accompaniment to other vocalists . It runs from November 1925 to March 1929 , and comprises 77 tracks , one a duplicate.It 's standard practice for such compilations to be ordered chronologically , not just for ease of reference , but also because the listener can trace the artistic development . It 's also reasonable to expect a detailed tracklist , and a commentary on the individual recordings . This is the normal approach , which CBS followed in 1988/9 , when producing several volumes in their Jazz Masterpieces series . Each volume was accompanied by a booklet which included a discography , setting out titles , personnel , recording dates , matrix nos . and the catalogue number of the original release , accompanied by John Chilton 's informed commentary on the recordings.The first problem with this set is that the chronology is all over the place . In date order , Disc One begins in November 1925 and concludes in November 1926 , followed by Disc Three -LRB- to track 12 , May 1927 -RRB- . We then revert to Disc Two which starts at September 1927 , and runs to that December -LRB- track 9 -RRB- . Track 10 features a Butterbeans & Susie item from June 1926 , and is followed by four Hociel Thomas vocals accompanied by the Hot 4 , which date from November 1925 . Disc Two concludes with an alternative Cornet Chop Suey -LRB- first featured as track 7 0n Disc One -RRB- . After which the end of Disc Three features Lillie Delk Christian backed by the Hot Four on four numbers recorded on 26th June 1928 , and finally Disc Four picks up from the following day and finishes in March 1929 . Such anachronistic treatment would be less of a problem if there were an accompanying booklet to act as a guide , but the gatefold insert comprises a mere eight pages -LRB- four backed up -RRB- . One reproduces the cover and another publicises other releases in the series , and the tracklists , which are confined solely to titles and composers , take up just two pages . The reverse contains a meagre liner note , which deals quite peremptorily with the running order , and touches very briefly on the other vocalists ' recordings.As intimated earlier , two versions of `` Cornet Chop Suey '' , an acoustic recording dating from February 1926 , have been included . We 're advised that the first version -LRB- which clocks in at 2:53 -RRB- is in the key of F , but it sounds too fast . The second version -LRB- which clocks in at 3:13 -RRB- is said to be in the key E flat -LRB- `` which many scholars believe must be the likeliest key in which this was played '' -RRB- , but to my unscholarly ears it sounds too slow . The version as issued in the Columbia Jazz Masterworks series clocks in at 3:04 , so I ca n't help feeling somewhat suspicious about the claim that Disc 2 contains the definitive version.For all of those reasons I ca n't share the general euphoria that 's been generated by this reissue , and my two star rating is directed not at the music , but at the shoddy manner in which it has been presented .
 I would not buy from this seller again.The review said great condition-and the one song I really wanted it for has the scratch .
 you herd of fed express well this guy uses pony express if u/r lucky if not it will come by dog sled and this gohasting co is in mexico waiting for snowLatex Monkey with Banana
 Not Tim 's best work . I only liked 1 of the tracks . Spend your money on his most recent albums . I do n't think these were his greatest hits .
 A decent collection overall of his `` good '' songs -LRB- I do n't really like him anyways -RRB- , but he completely manages to butcher `` When the Stars Go Blue . '' The original is WAY better , and The Corrs covered it with Andrea and Bono -LRB- from U2 -RRB- MUCH better . The country twang just totally kills the mood of the song . I am a professional audio engineer , and heard him do this song live and it just made me cringe . Skip this CD .
 McGraw is a pretentious , talentless slimeball who exploits the ignorance and poor taste of his fans . His songs are mediocre at best and generally unlistenable to anyone who appreciates good music . Basically , he is a talentless slob who ranks among all the other bubble-gum pop/country performers as forgettable and pretentious.And if that was n't enough , he absolutely butchers Ryan Adams ' beautiful song `` When The Stars Go Blue . '' It 's tough to hear McGraw hack such a lovely song , but at least Adams -LRB- who is one of the better singer/songwriters around in any genre -RRB- is making some money for it.If you like good music or real artists , you should look elsewhere - perhaps check out Ryan Adam 's original version of `` When The Stars Go Blue '' . Regardless , McGraw is a classless act and a mockery to the country music establishment .
 My boss and I agree on one thing
 Greatest Hits Volume 2 . I did n't think he had enough hits for a Volume 1 .
 I do n't know Tim McGraw the person and therefore can not comment on this man 's character . However , I CAN comment on Tim McGraw the supposed singer/musician . He has a terrible voice and can not sing , as evidenced by anyone who 's ever seen one of the rare clips of him singing live . Nor does he write any of his own songs -LRB- even he freely admits this -RRB- . Nor does he play any musical instruments , unlike country singers such as Brad Paisley , who has real talent at strumming a guitar . And on top of that , Tim McGraw 's songs are n't even country music songs -LRB- at least not according to the tried-and-true definition of this once great musical genre -RRB- . I ca n't really think of any quality of his that should have allowed him to become as ` big ' a musical figure as he currently is . So it 's external factors - marketing , hype , and of course , that old maxim that `` there 's a sucker born every minute . '' And those suckers , of course , are those people who lap up Tim McGraw 's ` music ' and actually pay money to buy his albums , including this one . Tim McGraw is NOT a country artist . If you want to listen to real country music -LRB- and better singing voices to boot -RRB- , then go look for another artist - they do exist out there , even if they do n't have the same hype that applies to Tim McGraw .
 I picked this up on the advice of a friend who told me that my distaste for Billy Joel was unjustified . I just had n't heard his early songs , which were full of raw talent , unspoiled by the demands of keeping on top of the charts.I picked it up , and it is now official
 This is a key example of why jazz is both a very beautiful and a very artistically dangerous music . On one hand , it offers infinite room for expression freed of virtually all restraints including immediately recognizable melody . Yet , such feedom carries an immense amount of responsibility . The musician must learn to be an artist first and a musician second , not merely playing to prove one 's technical ability but playing to express and give life to an art form which is almost entirely spontaneous . Here lies the difference between music and mere muzak . Miles and his band fail to recognize it here.Don ' t get me wrong . This is VERY technically solid jazz music played with a fantastic rhythm section and everyone is playing very well . Unfortunately , that 's really all it is . The band plays tons of ultra-complex arrangements with changes in key and time signature every which way , but the results are simply unfocused . There IS one serious classic
 Pierre Bensusan in ConcertI purchased the DVD on the 5 star recommendation listed and was disappointed . Pierre Bensusan is a good finger picker but is by no means a great one . If you want to hear a good picker purchase one of Tommy Emanuel 's concert DVDs .
 The `` enhanced '' audio CD sucks . To listen to the music , it is necessary to load `` Apple Quicktime '' from the CD to your computer . It is not possible to load the CD into a computer and simply listen to the music . I wanted music on my computer , not clutter on my hard drive . Avoid buying the `` enhanced '' versions of Sony music CDs unless you want a lot of hassle .
 When my step-son came to visit last weekend , he used my credit card to purchase this album . Now my computer is full of porn viruses .
 I received the the greatest hits cd 's and was very excited to play the vol 1 CD . However as soon as I put the cd in my player said CD error . The whole CD would not play . There are no visible scratches on the CD . It is simply a faulty cd . I then put the vol 2 CD in my player and it works fine . I am extremely disappointed , especially since I do n't much care for the songs on vol 2 . I was really looking forward to these CDs .
 I do n't often get `` greatest hits '' collections , preferring instead to buy original albums , but in this case I did , because there are a handful of Billy Joel songs I wanted in my collection , but I did n't want to invest enough to purchase all of his albums . Unfortunately , they do n't tell you that what you get here , at least in some instances , are the `` single '' versions of these songs , not the full-length versions from the original albums . Case in point
 The first CD in this set has something called Sony Music `` CD Extra '' . This is a multimedia program that includes videos , etc. . It will also install AOL software on your PC . In my case , it simply did not work . I am unable to play the music from the first CD on my PC . The second CD is normal and works fine . I followed the instructions and went to the Sony website , and they do have a web page for `` CD Extra '' . I sent an email to their customer support , and it came back undeliverable because there was no such address . Looks like `` CD Extra '' bombed . Find another title if you want to be able to list to Piano Man .
 I do n't know where this c/d was made but it only plays 9 songs per side . There are 25 total songs , but I only get 18 . I would have sent this product back , but after playing a couple of tracks I assumed it was ok and through out the shipping package . Next time I will know better .
 Boy oh boy . Am I drunk or are they ? The ` enhanced ' addition ? What in God 's greeen earth is that supposed to mean ? It 's got no new songs , and if they were doctored up in some new extra clear way , I can not discern the difference ... Maybe Billy and his entourage who beleived that I would pay extra for a copy of this CD , when I can buy the identical original copy for $ 7 at my freindly neighborhood pawn shop , where hitting the highballs early that day ... But it 's obvious they are taking us snobbish Billy Joel enthusiasts for a ride . Save your money and take your kids to McDonalds or buy yourself a new pair of jeans at Sears ... Billy will again find his way to the bargain bin ...
 During my childhood years when I was seldom far from commercial radio , Billy Joel was probably the most popular recording artist in Australia full stop . Every one of his albums from 1977 ` sThe Strangerto 1986 ` sThe Bridgewas among the top 100 albums of the period between my birth and reaching adulthood , and as a result I heard him -LRB- and the other two `` Billy `` s , Idol andOcean -RRB- consistently on the radio.Even as a child when I had developed no ability to think critically about music and did not know in the cloistered confines of suburban Australia how to gain access to music different from what was played on the radio , I was generally suspicious of a lot of what Billy Joel produced - seeing it as motionless and lacking in energy . However , his more upbeat songs I easily tuned into and never lacked anything for enjoyment of his simple pop tunes like `` You 're Only Human '' , `` Big Shot '' , `` The Stranger '' , `` My Life '' and `` Moving Out '' . Even today , it is fair to say that these are the only tracks on `` Greatest Hits
 Did n't catch on that the their CD came without a jewelcase and artwork . I was very disappointed and wrote to them about it , and their response was a chastisement for not reading carefully . They did n't have to be so curt . It was downright rude and I wo n't do business with them again . When I complained to Amazon , they sent back an email beseeching me to erase my evaluation . No way !
 Billy Joel stinks as a singer , writes contrived songs , is more often than not an embarrassment to listen to , and is one ugly man too . His piano technique however is not bad .
 Why on earth would anyone purchase this anthology when these tracks can be heard anytime for free by riding the elevators of office buildings , nodding off in airport lounges , or waiting in the checkout line at Wal-Mart ? Billy Joel is the gold standard of adult contemporary schmaltz ; he pumps out the sludge by which all other sludge is measured . Small wonder ; his gift for writing hooks is amazing , he sings on-key without being interesting to listen to -LRB- which would be distracting -RRB- , his ballads are so insipid that they 're certain to offend no one , and his up-tempo numbers bear an eerie resemblance to rock without actually containing any of the bite or irreverence that are the hallmarks of real rock.As for his lyrics , he is not the poet laureate of shopping malls for no reason . Though he occasionally stumbles over content in his songwriting efforts , as he did in Allentown , he is far more at home in the woozy and comfortable world of words that , devoid of meaning , can roll smoothly from the tongue , scamper along the piano keys , and jump quickly into the cash register where they belong . Examples abound but , has there ever been a song with less of a rock sensibility than Still Rock And Roll To Me ? It is pointless to deny Billy Joel 's gift and his skill , he has demonstrated time and time again that his instincts for rising to the middle are infallible . Many people have found pleasure in what he 's produced over the years . Awful music and wonderful music could not exist without music that is profoundly mediocre , songs that serenade the middlebrow . That is Billy Joel land , the middle of the dial . If he has any value at all , which is questionable , it is that he defines mediocrity and has made a science of it .
 The first time I witnessed Billy Joel was on Saturday Night Live in 1978 performing `` Just the Way You Are . '' And being it was the first time I saw the show and Billy Joel , it caught me by surprise when I found out his performance was not one of the skits . A group of us were trying to predict the punchline during the song and we all agreed halfway through that the camera was going to pan out and B.J. would be wearing no pants as the lyrics seemed to be a sardonic ode to self pleasure . To our surprise , the song ended and they cut to commercial . We still thought we were being put-on , but after watching the rest of the show and seeing B.J. perform `` Only the Good Die Young , '' we realized this was truly the day the music died . As B.J. , the disco era and new wave would give way to 30 years of complacency in popular music , with the occasional breath of fresh air like The Clash or The Talking Heads mixed in to keep us living in reality grounded , music would never again see the rush that produced the likes of Hendrix , Zappa , The Band , the Exile-era Stones , the Stooges and all the other bands that embody the true spirit of rock and roll just 10 years earlier . Do people actually get inspired or feel the passion by listening to `` Uptown Girl ? '' If you ask me , Tom Petty got it right when he sand about an `` American Girl . '' Or do his fans not feel the downer vibe every time `` Piano Man '' gets played at a bar ? That song is second only in the instant depression category to `` Desperado '' in my opinion . And to this day I always wonder every time I hear `` My Life , '' and listen to the lyrics , I wonder how B.J. now applies what he wrote than to his current episodes , such as the numerous occasions he crashed his car into trees , houses , and fire-hydrants with the only reasonable explanation for his behavior that comes to mind was our prediction that Mr. Joel was wearing no pants at the end of the SNL skit . Just about every musician in the history of rock has had substance abuse problems , and B.J. seems to be one of the only ones that could n't handle the rock and roll load and got himself into these embarrassingly townie-bar-esque escapades . Skip the B.J. experience and rock just as hard as this music by buying a pair of tight stonewash Bugle Boys instead ...
 Let 's be brutally honest for a moment . This music is very cheesy . More specifically , its melodramatic , sentimental , and irritatingly precious . Worse still are Joel 's pretensions toward poetry and his tendency to lionize his own artistic talents . As easily as these melodies can lull the listener into a stupified ersatz bliss , they can just as easily dull the ear to much more challenging forms -LRB- eg jazz or classical -RRB- . This is the worst kind of commodified , commercialized cheese , spewed forth not by some faceless record company -LRB- that would be forgivable -RRB- but by the singer/songwriter himself ! Billy Joel succesfully did to rock and roll what twinkie did to foodstuffs , what the A-team did to theater and what Vanila Ice did to hip hop . If Billy Joel is languishing in some `` Hell '' of adult soft-rock contemporary music as the official review states , then its a self-imposed exile by one of that bleak wind-blown plane 's arch demons himself .
 I bought this never having problems from Amazon.com before . They did not state that this was a Sony product and when I received it , all the CD had on it was a root kit virus . It would not even play in my CD player . When I tried to read the CD to copy and burn the `` WAV '' files to a new CD so I could just listen to the music , all there were on the CD was executables and no sound files.Sony is very poor quality now and I do not want to buy it again .
 Calling myself a huge fan of Tammy Wynette is an understatement . She has always been # 1 in my mind , therefore I have been anxious to find new CD releases of her albums . I bought the Collector 's Edition which was remixed by Billy Sherrill himself and immediately wondered what went wrong . I love the idea of having an `` uncut '' version of the songs and being able to hear Tammy , Billy , and the studio musicians conversing with one another , but all of the previously unreleased numbers were evidently mastered on a different speed machine . It 's like listening to a 33 rpm record played at 45 rpm . Common Epic Records ! The First Lady of Country Music deserves much more than she got out of this tribute . I 've never heard of a recall on a CD , but Epic needs to remaster this one and recall and replace the entire stock with a carefully crafted tribute to Tammy . Needless to say , I am disappointed in this release . Epic , Tammy gave her all . Now it 's your turn .
 Calling myself a huge fan of Tammy Wynette is an understatement . She has always been # 1 in my mind , therefore I have been anxious to find new CD releases of her albums . I bought the Collector 's Edition which was remixed by Billy Sherrill himself and immediately wondered what went wrong . I love the idea of having an `` uncut '' version of the songs and being able to hear Tammy , Billy , and the studio musicians conversing with one another , but all of the previously unreleased numbers were evidently mastered on a different speed machine . It 's like listening to a 33 rpm record played at 45 rpm . Common Epic Records ! The First Lady of Country Music deserves much more than she got out of this tribute . I 've never heard of a recall on a CD , but Epic needs to remaster this one and recall and replace the entire stock with a carefully crafted tribute to Tammy . Needless to say , I am disappointed in this release . Epic , Tammy gave her all . Now it 's your turn .
 42nd street music listed the billy joel sacd they sold me as brand new but when it showed up , there was no shrink wrap on it and there were smudges , scratches , stress marks and even finger prints on the cd cover and the cd disc . It was as if they expected me to somehow overlook all those obvious signs and think of it as brand new when it is not.I was very insulted by them and they refused to refund me for the cd or send me a new one . the cd i ordered is a SACD which was exactly what I wanted but of course without all the marks and scratches that came with it.buyer beware !!!
 Billy Joel sounds great to middle aged women and lovelorn agnsty preteens , but his shtick gets old pretty fast . Critics have suggested that Joel is not rock , and while this is not true , his debt to the Brill building is obvious . It 's easy to imagine his songs being the basis for a snappy Broadway musical . I admit that I was a fan back in my own misspent youth , given as I was to soggy sentimentality , but unlike Billy , I grew up . You will too . Till then , you will probably love this album .
 A friend of mine handed this over and said you have never heard a guy play a guitar like this . I scoffed and said `` Whatever '' , then I almost wore out the disc . My god , who is this guy ? , Where has he been ? . His playing rivals any electric rock god in the past 15-20 years , he does Van Halen style riffs with bluesy twists , then throttles back to a slow hand ala Clapton.And he does it all on an acoustic!Why this man is not more of a major star is beyond me . BUY THIS DISC.In a world saturated with Britney , Jessica , American Idol , and MTV garbage , real music like this cuts through all that , and makes listening a pleasure .
 This is more of a transitional record and it left me wanting more substance . I found most of the material to be forgettable . Sorry for all of you fans of ` electric Miles ' -LRB- I like some of it too - In A Silent Way for example -RRB- , but this stuff is just not very compelling . Save your money .
 I purchased this CD in the mid 90s . It seemed to me that , as a minor work of art , this CD was destined to go out of print . In addition to Miles In the Sky , I used to worry that Bob Dylan 's Street Legal and Van Morrison 's Veedon Fleece would go out of print , too . So far these two are still available . Miles in the Sky is edging closer to experiemtal jazz - it 's out there , all right , but the instrumentation is still essentially the same as Miles ' famous combo groups from the early 60s . He would take out for outer space in the next decade . At the time of this recording he was content just to arc over the jazz world in the sky , like a fireworks display . In that way the music seems idyllic and postmodern .
 This is easily one of Miles ' least essential efforts . It 's clear that he was in a transitional state -LRB- his backing group was splintering during these lazy sessions -RRB- and the music is just stoned noodling , really . I 've played this thing maybe twice , and the 2nd time was just to make sure that it was as bad as I thought it was the first time . It was .
 Being a true Memp Bleek fan , I was thoroughly dissappointed with this album . Where 's the creativity ? Where 's the passion ? Every song on this album is uninspired and un-original . I have bought all four of Bleek 's albums the day they hit stores . After this one , that streek is about to end . It just does n't seem like he tried to make a classic . It seems like he was making tracks , he picked 14 that were sitting around , put them together and put this in stores . I thought `` M.A.D.E. '' and `` Coming of Age '' were close to classic status . I thought `` The Understanding '' was a pretty good album , this was an absolute Dud . No real hits , no creative lyrics , no creative concepts behind the songs . Its just same old same old . If you have his first three albums , and are thinking bout getting this one DO N'T !!!! If you do n't have any Bleek albums , but wan na pick something up , pick up `` M.A.D.E. '' or `` Coming of Age '' , those are Bleek at his best . This on the other hand , is a $ 15 weed plate !!!! And I do n't even smoke !!!!
 I 've been a Bleek fan ever since his verse on `` Coming of Age '' from `` Hard Knock Life V2 '' But I ghess in ' 05 , with the Roc split , Bleek suffered the most . ' 03 's M.A.D.E. COMPLETELY destroys this album . I listened to the title track off `` 534 '' and thought this was gon na be an incredible album ... then the album just nosedives . That track `` Dear Summer '' w / only Jay-Z on it ... IS WAAAAAAACCCCCCK . Jay-Z will always be a lyricist , but the beat -LRB- which is none anyway -RRB- is HORRIBLE . The `` hit song '' `` Like That '' is ok at best , and Bleek just never recovers from his title track . `` 1st , Last , Only '' w / MOP is a good song , but nothin ' you 'd keep comin ' back to , and the same goes to `` Oh Baby '' w / the Young Gunz . This is the 1st cd in a while that I wanted my 9.99 back immediately . I listen to this cd every once in awhile to see if it 'll grow on me , but it 's no hope . The title track `` 534 '' is the only bangin ' song on the whole album that I love to listen to . Other than that , Bleek , THUMBS DOWN !!! ** By the way , `` Big L Simon '' , hope your freestylin ' is better than you reviews . 5 stars for `` 534 '' , PLEASE .
 This cd sucks he will always be 1 hit away but like Jay-z says he will always be rich as long as he alive and if he dies he will be ni his will so he can chill somewhere so i guess he dont need to make good shit
 i mean he did rep but i didnt like the cd it sucked i recomend you not to waste your money bye ying yang twins new one
 First and foremost , I 'm a Bleek fan . Maybe I 'm listening to a different album or something , but this is nowhere near his best album . MADE was so much more thorough , you could easily listen through that entire CD . That 's not the case with this LP . The wit and depth of the lyrics are n't up to what Bleek is capable of , and there are n't any tracks that will really stick in your head all day -LSB- i.e. , `` I Get High , '' `` Hustlers . '' -RSB- . I find the beat to `` Oh Baby '' too annoying to listen to it twice in the same day . Bleek is at his best when he can speak clearly over a beat , and that 's what you get with `` Alright '' and `` Straight Path '' - the best tracks on the CD , along with the `` 534 '' intro . Also , this effort being the first major release from the so-called `` New Roc '' should have been more in the ballpark of 20 tracks , even if that means that 3 of those are skits -LSB- think Cam ` ron 's `` Purple Haze '' -RSB- .
 Memphis Bleek has never come with anything that is worthy of mention lyrically . This cat is wack . Wiggety ... Wiggety Wack -LRB- brought it back ?!? -RRB- . He never says anything worthy of mention or has any choruses worth remembering . All I ever remember is how he ruins some good beats I.E Is That Yo Chick -LRB- him hot him not ! -RRB- years ago and when T.I. & Trick Daddy had to come save the day on Round Here . This album is no different when the guests save him yet again . Newcomer Rihanna and the banging beat rescues Memphis Bleek 's uninteresting rhymes on The One . He 's just a wack rapper . . if you listen to his rhymes you would realize just how wack he truly is ... read some of his wackness on the song THE ONE . '' 4,3,2,1 if this ai n't concrete then call it what you want / for my lady where she from Ill make it hotter than the sun / I 'm still street say teh word and it 's done ... `` Wow ... very terrible ... I truly believe that Trillville are better rappers/lyricists than Memphis Bleek and I 'm not joking . As a matter of fact Memphis Bleek is among the worst rappers I have ever heard and that 's on life . Bow Wow 's album is better and that 's very sad for memphis bleek . Every single guest outshines him ... the beats outshine him . Then JayZ completely steals the show on DEAR SUMMER ... a song that does n't even feature Memphis Bleek -LRB- which was smart -RRB- because the song is a classic . Memphis Bleek fails to even make a song that is good let alone come anywhere close to that song . he ruins the first single , It 's Like That -LRB- Swizz Beats is on a roll -RRB- with his garbage rhymes . He does n't even hold his own on the album . JayZ knew in his heart that he saved this album with that one cut just under 3 minutes . It 's sad that those 3 minutes are better than the entire memphis bleek album combined.I would n't recommend this at all and I wish memphis would just retire . Some people just do n't have it ... he 's had four tries -LRB- and he gets worse with each release -RRB- and is backed by the Roc and still has n't made an impact . Sad . This album is a waste of time . This album gets zero stars ... not even an E for effort ... yes it 's that bad . Memphis Weak should retire and spare us all of his wackness .
 Ditto what I said about Beanie ... except Bleek might want to step his lyrical swiftness a little . I mean , Memphis Bleek has been hanging around for a LONG time , and its almost amazing he is still even on the roster . Sure , he has modest success with each of his albums . But , I bet if you asked the average Jay-Z or Kanye West fan if they have ANY cds by Memphis Bleek over 90 % of them will say they do n't . I 'm not even sure at this point anybody checks for Memph Bleek outside of cameo appearances on other people 's songs . Freeway probably gets more props then Bleek , and Bleek is the one who was supposed to take over the empire . `` Like That '' is okay , and `` Alright '' is ... well ... alright . `` Infatuated '' sounds like a leftover Terror Squad track and `` The One '' is a poor attempt of getting an Ashanti-like guest vocalist to do the hook . Memphis Bleek needs to stay away from radio-friendly tracks and stay true to the rawness that he had from his early work . You 're not Jay-Z ... and with this being his FOURTH album ... never will be in my opinion .
 Rocafella has truly fell off . I 've never really been a Bleek fan but this has to be Bleek 's worst album . I did not think he can do worse than MADE but it looks like I was wrong ! NEwayz if I were you i would n't even take my time to listen to the album if it were n't for one song `` Dear Summer '' and Bleeks not even on it just Hov .
 got ta give Jay Z. aka Lay Z His due when you work with Him things really mainly get boring in a Hurry.Memphs Bleek is just a Lay Z sidekick who does n't have much going for Him with his flow & style . this album project seems like a Tax right-Off more than anything . very Boring & Bland to me .
 I read the reviews on this website before i purchased the cd , according to them it 's a 5 star album . Do n't be fooled ... I must not of liked it bevcause i am not from new york . Nope thats not it this album is generic and bleek does n't have that much talent . DO n't get me wrong there are a few alright tracks like Dear Summer ,534 , and alright . But those are the select few . All this excuse for a hip hop artist does is drop jigga 's name into the mix . Get your own skill better yet do us all a favor only put 3 songs on your next album and put jay-z on all of em .
 I bought this album back in the summer thinking it 'd probaly be a hot ablum because , of the somewhat hype they did have around it and the singles they had out -LRB- Dear Summer and Like That -RRB- . I was soo Wrong I should 've listened to Games 300 bars and realized that Memphis was n't anything special . Nah , he 's not that bad but , I 've heard way better . Maybe since he knew Jay from the beginning Jay felt sorry for him and had to put him on the label . Other then that ... there 's only one song that I 've listened to over and over again and that 's Dear Summer which has Jay on the track . It 's pretty sad the only song I like has a featured artist on the cd . Do n't waste your money on this get it bootlegged or download it . I 'm being nice giving him 2 stars because , he 's been in the game for a while ...
 Bleek aint fittin to be the future of nothin wit this garbage . I expected something way better than this . It only got 1 star because of Jay-Z 's solo . My advice to Bleek is to go get better producers , more tracks , and no more solos from Jay if u want your shine . Ya feel me . It Young Beezly folk !
 Joel 's talent came along way as a major singer , songwriter when he went on tour in the soviet union russia . Kohuept the album showcases his fine performances . Joel sings his greatest hits songs like `` Honesty '' , `` Allentown '' , `` An Innocent Man '' , `` Uptown Girl '' and also `` Big Shot '' . But this CD has it 's moments not so much to demonstrate Billy Joel 's live concert musical masterpiece work included instead of it right here !
 Billy Joel 's Russican Concert CD is not very good . Not very good at all . What was a monumental occassion , and rightfully so , did n't turn out well in a live CD format . Maybe it was just this one particular show they chose to be the one to be recorded and released . It was a poor choice . Billy sounds great and everything , although it is far from being close to anything showing his best live vocal work , but the band does n't sound up to par . Neither do the reactions we hear from the audience . There are moments when his usually rocking band sound tired , and some arrangemtns are tinny sounding and just plain flat . There are good moments . His rendition of `` Honesty '' is nice . He performs the song `` Stiletto '' which is a standout . `` Back In The USSR '' is another nice moment . That 's it . `` An Innocent Man '' sounded strained . It also does n't work with someone else doing the upper part of the tune and not Billy himself . It sounded strange , and why did n't Billy do it himself ? . It was weird and uncomfortable . `` Uptown Girl '' did n't have any heart behind it . The normally rocking `` A Matter Of Trust '' sounded horribly flat . This is the worst album Billy has put out . The more recent Live album is the best way to go . It was brilliant . This is not .
 It 's easy to understand why Billy Joel would want to release a live album at this point in his career . He had just toured the Soviet Union , and his only live album so far had been Songs In The Attic -LRB- which highlighed Joel 's pre-Stranger days -RRB- . Plus Billy had developed a reputation as a dazzling live performer over the years . However , the resulting product is a lifeless , synthesized performance that sucks all of the passion and character from the individual songs . The only track work hearing is a terrific cover of Bob Dylan 's `` The Times They Are A-Changin ' '' . The rest constitutes for the least essential recording of Billy Joel 's career .
 This live version of `` Sometimes a Fantasy '' just absolutely rocks ; it 's energetic and lewd and everything I 'm sure Billy Joel intended it to be . Joel 's cover of `` Back in the U.S.S.R. '' is powerful , too . Beyond that , there 's no reason to buy this lifeless , monotonous CD . Certainly some of the blame needs to be laid on the recording technology ; I do n't know if this was originally a bootlegged performance that Columbia subsequently released or what , but the whole thing sounds muffled and the sounds are n't very distinct . The real problem , though , is that Joel sings almost every song without any real power or passion ; as several people have noted , it 's like he does n't really care . This CD sounds like Billy Joel 's hour-long race to get offstage . That 's a shame , because it contains the only live recordings of some of these songs -- but it 's just not worth it when the performances are so sloppy . Bottom line
 Britney 's version of I love Rock 'N Roll was absolutely horrible . That 's all there is to say . Joan Jett did it waaay better .
 While Britney 's cover of the Rolling Stones ' Ca n't Get No Satisfaction came off pretty good with her reinterpretation , this song is SPECIFICALLY Rock 'n' Roll . The title sets the parameters in how this song must be performed . The song is about Rock 'n' Roll and therefore should sound like ... well ... Rock 'n' Roll ! Unfortunately , Britney 's version misses the mark miserably.Furthermore , I do not think Spears could not have performed this song as Rock 'n' Roll without it sounding cheesy . Perhaps she could have , but I think it would have took a monumental effort because she is pop . As it is , this is a pop song about Rock 'n' Roll but if you - the singer - love Rock 'n' Roll you - the singer - should be singing it . This is not to say that Britney does not love Rock 'n' Roll . It 's just that she does not convincingly pay homage to the genre with this cover .
 Yes , this is the same Britney Spears that recently made a fool of herself at the MTV awards show where she did not dance well , she dubbed the singing when she was not really singing , and actually stopped performing before the number was over . Her good looks are not getting her anywhere anymore and now she may be heading for a big fall , the kind where you do not get up again .
 This was a nothing single I hated it and so did everyone else a stupid cover everyone was asking if she was A Lesbo this is possibly her worst single of all timeLyrics -1 / 10 Production 0/10 Overall 0/10
 You should not have made over this classic song B.S. . It makes you sound stupid and poppy .
 i think that britney is an ok artist but can u really call her an artist she doesnt write her own music she lipsincs at every concert and this remake is one of the songs that proves that she cant sing , and i dont understand way ppl waste there money on her fake albums they all sound the same she copys off everyone else all her dance moves and her fake singing has been done before by someone else . so i reccomend you spend your money on something different and real like christina aguilera .
 I had heard an early Ivy song called `` Wish it all away '' on a local college radio station , and found it to be a pretty , minimalist tune . The singer had a lovely voice and the song really was bare-boned and charming . Sadly , this record is over produced and their simplistic sound is lost . With the exception of the lovely voice , there is nothing special about this record . They really had potential .
 I was a big fand of Schlesinger/Fountains of Wayne , so when this CD first came out -LRB- on Atlantic Records , at the time -RRB- I was really eager to hear this CD . Needless to say , I really found this monotoned loungish-pop record to be a total disappointment . I had difficulty even getting through the entire disc in one sitting ! One word comes to mind
 Their sound is good , but the lyrics alternate between very vacuous and very dark . And unfortunately Dominique 's voice makes the dark ones sound vacuous . For a taste of vacuous lyrics , from `` You Do n't Know Anything '' comes this , `` I know you 're barely human but I can get something better '' . Or if you want to descend to the inane , try `` Ba Ba Ba '' . I 've heard some good songs from them , but not on this album .
 I bought this album back in the summer thinking it 'd probaly be a hot ablum because , of the somewhat hype they did have around it and the singles they had out -LRB- Dear Summer and Like That -RRB- . I was soo Wrong I should 've listened to Games 300 bars and realized that Memphis was n't anything special . Nah , he 's not that bad but , I 've heard way better . Maybe since he knew Jay from the beginning Jay felt sorry for him and had to put him on the label . Other then that ... there 's only one song that I 've listened to over and over again and that 's Dear Summer which has Jay on the track . It 's pretty sad the only song I like has a featured artist on the cd . Do n't waste your money on this get it bootlegged or download it . I 'm being nice giving him 2 stars because , he 's been in the game for a while ...
 Bleek aint fittin to be the future of nothin wit this garbage . I expected something way better than this . It only got 1 star because of Jay-Z 's solo . My advice to Bleek is to go get better producers , more tracks , and no more solos from Jay if u want your shine . Ya feel me . It Young Beezly folk !
 First and foremost , I 'm a Bleek fan . Maybe I 'm listening to a different album or something , but this is nowhere near his best album . MADE was so much more thorough , you could easily listen through that entire CD . That 's not the case with this LP . The wit and depth of the lyrics are n't up to what Bleek is capable of , and there are n't any tracks that will really stick in your head all day -LSB- i.e. , `` I Get High , '' `` Hustlers . '' -RSB- . I find the beat to `` Oh Baby '' too annoying to listen to it twice in the same day . Bleek is at his best when he can speak clearly over a beat , and that 's what you get with `` Alright '' and `` Straight Path '' - the best tracks on the CD , along with the `` 534 '' intro . Also , this effort being the first major release from the so-called `` New Roc '' should have been more in the ballpark of 20 tracks , even if that means that 3 of those are skits -LSB- think Cam ` ron 's `` Purple Haze '' -RSB- .
 Memphis Bleek has never come with anything that is worthy of mention lyrically . This cat is wack . Wiggety ... Wiggety Wack -LRB- brought it back ?!? -RRB- . He never says anything worthy of mention or has any choruses worth remembering . All I ever remember is how he ruins some good beats I.E Is That Yo Chick -LRB- him hot him not ! -RRB- years ago and when T.I. & Trick Daddy had to come save the day on Round Here . This album is no different when the guests save him yet again . Newcomer Rihanna and the banging beat rescues Memphis Bleek 's uninteresting rhymes on The One . He 's just a wack rapper . . if you listen to his rhymes you would realize just how wack he truly is ... read some of his wackness on the song THE ONE . '' 4,3,2,1 if this ai n't concrete then call it what you want / for my lady where she from Ill make it hotter than the sun / I 'm still street say teh word and it 's done ... `` Wow ... very terrible ... I truly believe that Trillville are better rappers/lyricists than Memphis Bleek and I 'm not joking . As a matter of fact Memphis Bleek is among the worst rappers I have ever heard and that 's on life . Bow Wow 's album is better and that 's very sad for memphis bleek . Every single guest outshines him ... the beats outshine him . Then JayZ completely steals the show on DEAR SUMMER ... a song that does n't even feature Memphis Bleek -LRB- which was smart -RRB- because the song is a classic . Memphis Bleek fails to even make a song that is good let alone come anywhere close to that song . he ruins the first single , It 's Like That -LRB- Swizz Beats is on a roll -RRB- with his garbage rhymes . He does n't even hold his own on the album . JayZ knew in his heart that he saved this album with that one cut just under 3 minutes . It 's sad that those 3 minutes are better than the entire memphis bleek album combined.I would n't recommend this at all and I wish memphis would just retire . Some people just do n't have it ... he 's had four tries -LRB- and he gets worse with each release -RRB- and is backed by the Roc and still has n't made an impact . Sad . This album is a waste of time . This album gets zero stars ... not even an E for effort ... yes it 's that bad . Memphis Weak should retire and spare us all of his wackness .
 Ditto what I said about Beanie ... except Bleek might want to step his lyrical swiftness a little . I mean , Memphis Bleek has been hanging around for a LONG time , and its almost amazing he is still even on the roster . Sure , he has modest success with each of his albums . But , I bet if you asked the average Jay-Z or Kanye West fan if they have ANY cds by Memphis Bleek over 90 % of them will say they do n't . I 'm not even sure at this point anybody checks for Memph Bleek outside of cameo appearances on other people 's songs . Freeway probably gets more props then Bleek , and Bleek is the one who was supposed to take over the empire . `` Like That '' is okay , and `` Alright '' is ... well ... alright . `` Infatuated '' sounds like a leftover Terror Squad track and `` The One '' is a poor attempt of getting an Ashanti-like guest vocalist to do the hook . Memphis Bleek needs to stay away from radio-friendly tracks and stay true to the rawness that he had from his early work . You 're not Jay-Z ... and with this being his FOURTH album ... never will be in my opinion .
 Rocafella has truly fell off . I 've never really been a Bleek fan but this has to be Bleek 's worst album . I did not think he can do worse than MADE but it looks like I was wrong ! NEwayz if I were you i would n't even take my time to listen to the album if it were n't for one song `` Dear Summer '' and Bleeks not even on it just Hov .
 got ta give Jay Z. aka Lay Z His due when you work with Him things really mainly get boring in a Hurry.Memphs Bleek is just a Lay Z sidekick who does n't have much going for Him with his flow & style . this album project seems like a Tax right-Off more than anything . very Boring & Bland to me .
 I read the reviews on this website before i purchased the cd , according to them it 's a 5 star album . Do n't be fooled ... I must not of liked it bevcause i am not from new york . Nope thats not it this album is generic and bleek does n't have that much talent . DO n't get me wrong there are a few alright tracks like Dear Summer ,534 , and alright . But those are the select few . All this excuse for a hip hop artist does is drop jigga 's name into the mix . Get your own skill better yet do us all a favor only put 3 songs on your next album and put jay-z on all of em .
 i mean he did rep but i didnt like the cd it sucked i recomend you not to waste your money bye ying yang twins new one
 Being a true Memp Bleek fan , I was thoroughly dissappointed with this album . Where 's the creativity ? Where 's the passion ? Every song on this album is uninspired and un-original . I have bought all four of Bleek 's albums the day they hit stores . After this one , that streek is about to end . It just does n't seem like he tried to make a classic . It seems like he was making tracks , he picked 14 that were sitting around , put them together and put this in stores . I thought `` M.A.D.E. '' and `` Coming of Age '' were close to classic status . I thought `` The Understanding '' was a pretty good album , this was an absolute Dud . No real hits , no creative lyrics , no creative concepts behind the songs . Its just same old same old . If you have his first three albums , and are thinking bout getting this one DO N'T !!!! If you do n't have any Bleek albums , but wan na pick something up , pick up `` M.A.D.E. '' or `` Coming of Age '' , those are Bleek at his best . This on the other hand , is a $ 15 weed plate !!!! And I do n't even smoke !!!!
 I 've been a Bleek fan ever since his verse on `` Coming of Age '' from `` Hard Knock Life V2 '' But I ghess in ' 05 , with the Roc split , Bleek suffered the most . ' 03 's M.A.D.E. COMPLETELY destroys this album . I listened to the title track off `` 534 '' and thought this was gon na be an incredible album ... then the album just nosedives . That track `` Dear Summer '' w / only Jay-Z on it ... IS WAAAAAAACCCCCCK . Jay-Z will always be a lyricist , but the beat -LRB- which is none anyway -RRB- is HORRIBLE . The `` hit song '' `` Like That '' is ok at best , and Bleek just never recovers from his title track . `` 1st , Last , Only '' w / MOP is a good song , but nothin ' you 'd keep comin ' back to , and the same goes to `` Oh Baby '' w / the Young Gunz . This is the 1st cd in a while that I wanted my 9.99 back immediately . I listen to this cd every once in awhile to see if it 'll grow on me , but it 's no hope . The title track `` 534 '' is the only bangin ' song on the whole album that I love to listen to . Other than that , Bleek , THUMBS DOWN !!! ** By the way , `` Big L Simon '' , hope your freestylin ' is better than you reviews . 5 stars for `` 534 '' , PLEASE .
 This cd sucks he will always be 1 hit away but like Jay-z says he will always be rich as long as he alive and if he dies he will be ni his will so he can chill somewhere so i guess he dont need to make good shit
 Be warned , this is not a hybrid SACD , it will only play in SACD players . There is a non-SACD version available .
 Not one of Miles best albums compared with his classic bebop of 50s & early 60s . Miles bestsidemen from that period were Coltrane Adderly Evans Chambers and Philly Joe Jones .
 I 'm a big Billy Joel fan , but I have no love for this album . It was recorded in the mid 80 's and it definitely sounds like a product of its time
 Call me crazy , but this one really sucked ! I have listen to my dad 's record version , and only Running On Ice , Matter Of Trust , and This Is The Time are good . This is his worst ! The songs are n't as deep as his other songs , and trying to use techno funk music is n't a great try . Avoid this like the black plauge .
 If you like Dave Hood and Becky in the other `` There Goes A. . . '' series , then you 'll be disappointed with this one . I felt deceived because they had the name `` Dave '' on the box and showed a very small photo of a guy dressed like Dave usually dresses , but it 's a different Dave and he does n't do as good a job as Dave Hood . I thought he was awful . My son still likes the video because of the substance -LRB- i.e. , the machinery -RRB- , but I felt cheated .
 My son loves the `` There goes a '' video series , especially the humor of Dave and sometimes Becky . He was really excited to watch this new video until he realized Dave , the old Dave , had been replaced . What a disappointment . I guess it 's the older videos for us .
 This video , part of a popular series , was rather disappointing in comparison with the others . It would have been titled more correctly if it had said `` Learn About Farming . '' My son 4-year-old , who loves tractors , lost interest in this video after only 10 minutes and when he was asked why he did n't want to watch he said `` it does n't have many tractors '' . The host is also somewhat annoying in his presentation , even for a 4-year-old .
 I really like the tracks on this album . . uh . . until about 1 or 2 minutes into each peice . The drummer could not be more in the way , more annoying , rambunctious , out of balance and out of place after a minute or two into almost every track . There are only a couple of tracks where this is n't the case . Granted , a drum solo is fine from time to time , but this is rediculus . Wanting some nice music to relax or have playing in the background while company is over , this album does NOT work . Ok , so maybe thats not it 's purpose , but still , no thanks . Maybe it looked cooler in person with arms flailing faster than the eye can perceive .
 This is a far cry from his old greats . The song `` River of Dreams '' is such an uninspiring piece of work , and the rest of the album is not that different . He 's too pop - selling out to sell alot . Only `` Lullabye '' is worth an ear .
 Does n't sound like he was into the music when he wrote this . The lyrics reflect a lot of turmoil in his personal life , and the songs are pretty much uniformly dull . The title track was a hit , with a touch of world-rhythm sound , but it sounds kinda silly , sillier than Uptown Girl , in fact . Some decent melodies and harmonies -LRB- Blond Over Blue -RRB- and a bit of geniune anger in the best song here , Great Wall Of China , where over a fine Beatles style background , Billy conjures up an venomous John Lennonish attack on his former manager who had recently , or over time , relieved Billy of a lot of his money . In most of the other songs the mood feels a bit forced and the vocals are often calculating and distant . This is a long way from classics like The Stranger and Glass Houses . It sounds like he 's become Huey Lewis or something . There are n't any awful songs , but it certainly does n't have many heartfelt classics either . The last track seems to say it all - he just does n't have the interest in this anymore , and he knows it .
 It 's got some catchy tunes , some stand-out tracks , but really - you 'd expect a little more out of his final album after all these years . It sounds like it 's supposed to be a Billy Joel album rather than giving any new definitions to what a Joel album can be . Nevertheless , fans will find it a good play with some songs that get better the more you hear them ; but it is a little too produced , sometimes forced , to really be enjoyable .
 River Of Dreams is the last studio album Billy Joel has released and by the sound of it , maybe that 's not such a bad thing . Mr. Joel has always made highly listenable , superb pop-rock records , but on River Of Dreams , he tries to go down the Paul Simon , world beat route . The title track is plainly just a horrible song and the worst thing he has ever done . `` Lullabye '' is a nice idea , a song for his daughter , but it comes across as contrived . The album is saved a one-star rating by the excellent `` Blonde Over Blue '' and the pulsating `` All About Soul '' , but other than those two thealbum fails to live up to his previous works .
 I am assuming with all the 4 and 5 star reviews of the piece of junk , that the people reviewing this must be DIE HARD Joel fans . I am a big fan of Billy and liked every CD he put out , but as the 70 's and 80 's moved on , so did Billy 's music . When Storm front was released at the end of the 1980 's , not only did it close the 80 's , but I believed closed the end of the Billy Joel era . I believe that after `` Storm Front '' he really wanted to start pursuing other musical paths , -LRB- as most of you know he writes classical works today -RRB- and I do n't think that River of Dreams had any feel or effort put forth into it . If there are any songs of hope , No Mans Land is n't terrible , but the rest of the album sure is . Hey , when The Nylon Curtain was first released , I didnt like it either . But it grew on me over the years as I see that was a darker Billy , and he really wanted to make a radical change with his music . This album is poorly written -LRB- Blond over Blue and Goodnight are just awful -RRB- Every artist lays an egg with an album sometime , and this was Billy 's EGG . If you are looking to add this to your Joel collection , you might want to since it is selling on here for only one cent , but the only thing it will be good for is a coaster !
 Just because I am in general a Billy Joel fan , does n't mean I am required to rubber-stamp every and all bits of his output . I believe too much of that happens for too many artists in this type of forum . ` River of Dreams ' sounds like what it is -- Billy Joel in dire need of money , making a pop/rock album for the money , and trying to curry favor with the critics at the same time , the latter being a lifelong affectation of his . While for much of his career he never fell in too deeply with writing music to please his critics , starting with the Bridge and continuing with Storm Front and this one , he is now making a career of it . Billy Joel , ten years hence , will not be remembered for the drivel of these three efforts , but again only for his earlier material , which he continues to cruise upon . Recently he said he is taking a hiatus from writing pop tunes in order to explore classical writing . This is good news if it prevents him from writing further garbage as this album largely contains . The classical flirtation might reacquaint him again with his own song writing abilities , which have been conspicuously absent now for over a decade . Along the way he might also learn how to play the right notes on the piano when he is before live audiences , which is another feature of Billy Joel absent for the last decade . With ticket prices these days running 50 dollars and more , the average fan should at least hear correctly-played notes for the money . And let 's hope Billy stays solvent this time , at least long enough to avert another mishap like ` River of Dreams ' .
 Can the songwriter of The Lion Sleeps Tonight still sue Billy Joel for plagarism on that crap song River of Dreams ? It 's all about soul ? she dumped you dude.Ouch .
 Billy Joel 's songwriting had been declining steadily since 1985 . Though his performing ability was strong , his songwriting became little more than rewriting old 60 's tunes . This decay had been building through AN INNOCENT MAN , THE BRIDGE , STORM FRONT , and now THE RIVER OF DREAMS.Only 5 songs are worthwhile to listen to , `` No Man 's Land '' , `` River of Dreams '' , `` All About Soul '' , `` 2000 Years '' , and `` Lullabye '' . Even these do not measure up against his earlier works from his golden era.Stay away . In fact Run . Run far . Far Far Away .
 Since the page this review is being placed under says `` CD SINGLE '' , I am referring to the single for River Of Dreams.Come on Billy ! Get the wuss out and get back to rocking.I would expect some light-weights like Nsync or 98 Degrees to do this stuff . THIS IS NOT A DISS TO THOSE BANDS OR ANY YOUTH POP BANDS , I like those two bands and this song would fit better coming from them - althought I can not stand this song anyway . I do n't go in much for poetry and if I can not understand what the heck the singer is singin ' about the song better have some good vibes and beats to offset it.Such is not the case here ! I am especially annoyed by `` searching for something so deep that it can only be seen by the eyes of the blind '' GIVE ME A BREAK . Like I said to one of my co-workers . The paper this song is written on would be better used for wiping up spills , cleaning the windows or as TP!I am annoyed and irritated by this STUPID song !
 Who taught Billy Joel how to sing and play the piano ? I wonder if he can do both at the same time or if he has to stop singing , play a note and then try to sing again . China would n't need a Great Wall if this Cd came out back then ... all they would need to do is play this thing over a loudspeaker ... that would keep the rest of the world away ! Hopefully we wo n't be exposed to this trash for at least `` Two Thousand Years '' ... hopefully it 'll be that long before he releases another load .
 I 'm a musician in New York City and every morning I go to my studio on the 10th fl . of a building on 29th St. Billy Joel 's is the only music EVER on in the elevator and if I hear him sing , `` It 's All About Soul '' , one more time , I 'll throw up . One of the absolute worst , pieces of trash and , oddly , not with one once of soul .
 Looking back on this album , it really lacks any of the elements that make the `` classics '' by Billy Joel truly special.Blow by blow : `` That 's Not Her Style '' - fun rock song . That 's all . `` We Did n't ... Fire '' - Just listen to the music and ignore the words - this is just a terrible song . `` Downeaster . . '' - okay song '' ... Extremes '' - Pop/rock-ish ; good piano solo . `` Shameless '' - he should be for writing this one . `` Storm Front '' - decent , but feels like he 's forcing it . `` Leningrad '' - interesting lyrics `` State of Grace '' - nothing special `` When in Rome '' - forgettable `` And So It Goes '' - now this is a special song . If you really like the B. Joel songs that dig deep and you feel every note and lyric , this is the one . You 're better off downloading this one song than buying the whole album.Get yourself the `` Songs in the Attic '' album and call it a day .
 The Bridge takes a lot of flack for being the worst of Billy Joel 's later albums , but Storm Front is just as much a letdown . The biggest mistake Billy makes here is hiring Mick Jones of Foreigner to produce the album . His vast , atmospheric production hinders most of Billy 's gifts as both a performer and songwriter -LRB- wit , irony , SUBTLETY ! -RRB- and transforms him into a Eddie Money , Bryan Adams wannabe . Even Billy 's most insigtful material -LRB- `` The Downeaster ` Alexa ' -RRB- is dragged down by the production . But even a first-rate producer could n't help the second side of the album , his worst songs since Cold Spring Harbor . Thankfully , he recorved in four years with River Of Dreams .
 Billy Joel , though he was losing his songwriting ability , had somewhat rebounded from THE BRIDGE with a better album , STORM FRONT . It is a history lesson and largely reflects on the cold war and the struggles of the baby boom generation . `` We Did n't Start the Fire '' is the obvious single . `` I Go to extremes '' lacks the guitar depth of `` You may be right '' . It is pointless to go into specifics . Summed up , the album can not hold its own in comparision to GLASS HOUSES or THE STRANGER , . It is probably on a par with PIANO MAN . It is only worth listening to one time only.Save this one for later ...
 Reader I never thought the day would come when I would crave for Jeggy in this mighty work but that hour is upon us - at least our English friend pays recognition to the grandeur of the score in his own Anglicised way . Hell , I am even prepared to order a bowl of `` cr&egrave;me de sawdust '' from the Hogwood gruel kitchen . Someone , it is true , had to record the worst C Minor Mass in history . That person is Emmanuel Krivine.This anti-septic performance is execrable . Redemption is beyond it , even in parts . Krivine seems more intent on impressing his HIP buddies back at Fort Apache than come to terms with a masterpiece
 This is what happens to trance when it goes mainstream . I guess there is a lot of money in pop music or this is something the Bt always wanted to do . It sounds more like Justin Timberlake with the exception of 2 or 3 songs . Slow songs I just could n't stomach , they sounded like cheesy boy band ballads . If you are a trance fan or electronic music fan stay away , but give it a shot and listen to some samples if you are into pop . It 's amazing that there are over 300 reviews for this album versus around 80 of Tiesto 's Nyana cd . Bt is extremely talented , but in this case he produced a pop cd that I could n't listen to as an electronic music fan .
 I saw BT at Two Tribes last night and I must say - for the headliner - he was by far the worst DJ on the night . His music was not at all entrancing or uplifting , it did n't engage the crowd on a profound emotional level . It was multi-layered , over-produced , badly structured , messy , souless and dull . It was like a cross between commercial beats and ambient trance . It would n't even be enjoyable to listen to in private . It failed to touch me the way most other ambient or trance music does . I saw a lot of confused and unsatisfied faces , soon a lot of people started leaving the dancefloor because of the music 's repetitiveness , lack of depth and climax . People were n't really ` dancing ' any more than they were swaying or ` waiting ' for the music to reach its turning point . The only people who stayed were those high on pills , even they did n't know what to do . We thought we 'd give him a chance considering he was the headliner and he 's done some decent remix tracks for Tori Amos in the past but after a while I turned to my friend and said , `` You know ... With all the hype aside , he 's pretty average . ''
 Seriously , where has BT gone ? He used to play dance music , you know ... and now it 's been replaced with this mindless crud that passes for pop . Look , I liked some of BT 's more experimental songs . Heck , I LIKED ` Movement In Still Life ' , and was looking forward to this album - now , it sounds like BT liked the airplay he got out of ` Never Gon na Come Back Down ' ; apparently , this album is his announcement that he 'll nod to dance music and henceforth play ` Never Gon na Come Back Down ' , with remixes , 13 times on each new CD . Do n't waste your money buying ... download and delete as necessary .
 It seems that every good DJ that we have liked has switched styles on us . This is more like a Pop CD then anything else . Its has great vocals but its not an electronica sounding CD by any means . Piano , Guitar , Electric guitar and drum are used throughout the CD . Stick to his old releases and skip this one .
 Strait forward this CD is garbage . I am a fan of BT if we are talking about MISL , ESM and IMA . This is POP mixed with EGO and together it is CRAP . Also as a slap in the face to those of us with a brain he bastardises a famous Henry Miller word for a song that is far from being worthy.If there were 0 stars I would have chosen thatWill PR people please quit reviewing CD 's and misguiding fansTHANK YOU
 I 'm a big fan of BT , and so I bought this album before hearing even a single track from it . A mistake ! It starts out well , but by track 5 it 's starting to go downhill , and from track 7 on it 's just something unexplainable . I buy BT albums for their beat and this album does n't have one . Well , the first few songs do , but even then the music is so stop-and-start that I ca n't imagine playing it at a party for people to dance to . Also , I think BT had a secret dream to be an 80 's rocker and this album is the result . Do n't believe me ? Listen to `` Circles '' . -LRB- As a follow up , I do n't regret buying this disc , mostly because of `` Knowledge of Self '' , an unbelievably great song . Overall , I 'm just a little bitter about the overall direction of the album . -RRB-
 The music is very different , oh yes , to who this is to appeal to . I 'm not sure . Perhaps that reviewer a few spots down that believes this to be a masterpiece . `` One of the greatest albums of this century '' or something like that . Wow . Are you serious ? So he 's not making trance anymore , not true to his genre . That 's all ok , but this cd is just hard to listen to . Is there originality to this work ? Oh yes , it is unlike anything I have ever heard . The man ca n't sing , thats fine . Are the concepts and the overall sound of the songs he 's writing soothing to the ear ? Hardly . I miss the old BT , it 's alright , he 's gone . Does it matter to me if this review is helpful ? No . Is it informative ? Yes . Some people might dig this cd but I do n't . Five years later and I still do n't like it . Do n't buy this cd unless your hair looks like his and you should be fine .
 BT has inspired many great things . Sadly this album is not inspiring at all.When I think of BT I think of ECSM and the remixes and tracks he did from 1994 to about 1998 . He gave dance music a certain muscial value that no one else had done before . That 's why Sasha played his tracks so often . His use of more complex rhythms and chords was brillant . He has a lot of talent.This ablum appears to be an attempt to crossover from dance to `` POP '' . Guess what BT ... You have alienated your dance and electronic fans and have failed to obtained any new `` POP '' fans.While the work BT has done for certain `` TEEN '' artists has been a positive step for the artist , the work is limited to that genre.POP audiences are fickle . They do n't want `` last years sound '' . Teens are NOT going to buy BT 's album because he did some beats for N'SYNC two years ago . On the other hand , the thirty something adults who used to listen to BT `` back in the days '' while dancing are certainly more likely to buy his new material.The music on this album has THAT `` BT '' sound , but the use of vocals is very OVER THE TOP . The edits are annoying . The music lacks the emotion that his previous efforts have . I assume he sings on some of the tracks ??? Awful lyrics are abound ... and almost every song sounds the same.There are better artists out there to work with than the ones BT chooses here . If you want someone to rap over your beats , at least find someone who has skills and mot someone who is simply convienent.I can only compare BT 's effort to Sasha 's on Airdrawndagger -- sad and unimaginative . They used to be soooooooo good ... . but then the Rolling Stones were too , once upon a time ... Maybe BT is spent , but I certainly believe he is not and await a better effort in the future ...
 I have bought several of BT 's creations and this one is lacking heart . The one pop song is kinda catchy but still a pop song . I like Force of Gravity . I bought the cd too quickly without looking into the other songs . There is 1 or 2 more I could listen to but there are now a few that make me cringe . This is not BT . I enjoyed the BT CD , Movement that has a vitality and groove that is not reflected in this CD . I hope he finds his muse again . BT is extremely talented . He seems unhappy in this CD and this quiet sadness bleeds through the music .
 As a huge fan of `` Movement in Still Life '' I was eagerly awaiting this album . I think BT is a excellent songwriter/creator/musician . However , this album seems like a collection of overproduced outtakes . Take the second track , `` Knowledge of Self '' with Gang Starr 's Guru . BT 's layers on every electronic effect imaginable ; fizzles , bubbles , cuts , etc. . Instead of releying on BT sence of harmony and beat , the song throws too much at the listener ; the song is a chore to listen to . By the third song I 'm exhausted.Songs like Circles are downright embarrassing . It 's BT 's take on Power Ballads , and Alice-In Chains style rock . I lloved `` Movement `` s jump in genres , but please BT stay away from cheesy ones . I 'm still trying to forget butt-rock .
 I am going to write a `` short and sweet '' review because I think most people that read this are going to be familiar with BT already.In the past BT had a knack for making `` feel good '' progressive house tracks that walked a fine line between uplifting and cheesy.And , in the past , I think he stayed on the right side of that line.But I believe he CROSSED THAT LINE with his new album and clearly entered the cheese zone.I really do n't know why he did this - perhaps he is trying to reach a wider audience by making a more mainstream album.Regardless , those of you that have loved BT 's earlier work will probably be disappointed by this album because of his drift AWAY from the underground.I think BT should stop hanging out with Justin Timberlake and Britney Spears and go back to hanging out with Deep Dish - who continue to get it right.What bothers me most about this new , cheesy , mainstream , pop direction is that I DISTINCTLY REMEMBER reading an interview with BT in Mixer magazine in which he bashes Paul Oakenfold for doing EXACTLY what he just did with this very CD ! Talk about `` the pot calling the kettle black '' . If you like BT 's older stuff DO NOT BOTHER WITH THIS CD . This is a whole new -LRB- awful -RRB- animal !
 And he really misses the mark . 've been a BT fan for about 7 years now and I got ta say this one dissapointed me . He seemed to improve with every album until now.While his producing skills have improved he obviously lost on the arrangments . Songs are too choppy blending beats in tempo changes that dont really match the concept of the songs , example Paris is an awsome song that takes a full minute and a half to get anywhere , starting off nice and trancy Tanseau but with some rasta in it , on the segue to the lyrics the beat turns kinda funky and throws you for a loop . Big downer . Way out West saved this one with an awsome remix . Hate it when I like the remix more !! The rock songs were a little more cohesive than the last effort Simply Bieng Loved Really is more than enough.One still has to admire his ability to distort phase and manipulate sound like no other . He is still a genius even if he went askew.Remember , Godspeed , Blue Skies , Tripping the Light Fantastic , Dreaming , Fibonacci Sequence , Mercury in Solace , and Nectar all keep me as a fan , but this album goes out of the player and onto the shelf , at least for a while
 As a big fan of BT 's early work -LRB- I think I am one of the few people that think Ima is his best -RRB- , I must say Emotional Technology comes up short . Too much effort is made to create hit songs instead of great music . The songs are pretty good , but overproduced - especially with the vocals . The album would be better if all the vocal tracks were cut . Note
 Every electronic fan knows that BT is almost indisputably the finest producer in electronic music today . It is his love and his obsession and that comes across in every thing that he does . On the original UK version of Movement in Still Life , BT unleashed a truly incredible track in Satellite as an outro to the album . It featured tricked out guitar , electronics , organic percussion , and BT 's very own singing . Now ... after an amazing album exploding with deep trance , house , sick new school breakbeats , and some of the best production ever recorded , Satellite 's eclecticism was like a breeze of fresh air.Enter Emotional Technology , or as I like to call it Satellite 2 . Sure he has the breakbeat/rap number and the dance tracks -LRB- a few of which are decent -RRB- , but any listener can plainly tell BT 's focus on this album is on these disgusting regurgitations of Satellite . He croons and he woos the ladies with his deep thoughtfulness and obscure rants . However , he is not Justin Timberlake or John Mayer and the result is ... well frankly , embarassing . Throw all of these songs away and we are left with a handful of dance tracks and a breakz diddy.Knowledge of Self is a pretty phat song to throw on in the car and drive fast to . I was ecstatic when I saw that Guru was being featured on the track , but was expecting him to spit a verse , which he never really does . I could n't help but think this was a less exciting rehash of Smartbomb . As for the trance tracks , the music would be extremely impressive minus the vocals -LRB- which render nearly every track on here unlistenable . -RRB- The exception and the highlight of the album is The Great Escape . The vocals grate a bit on the nerves after repeated listens , but are used sparsely . BT really goes to town on this track and occasionally you will find yourself actually wondering if what you just heard actually happened and how anyone could produce such sounds . This is the BT I know and love , sappy love songs are not.BT should follow this album with an `` Ooops '' and get back to a sound that he helped invent instead of trying to run with the ` poppers ' .
 this album faded real quick for me . i liked it at first , i probably listened to it two-three times all the way thorugh . then each time i put it on it got shorter , leaving out another track each time . i certainly respect brian transeau for what he is doing , he has definitely created a beautiful masterpiece that seems to effortless glide from genre to genre , mixing all the live elements into his own distinct sonic aesthetic , but it just does not appeal to my taste at all . bt has always veered towards the overly-sunny and dreamy new age stuff , but he has always managed to contain it within a tasteful context of solid beats and interesting sounds that results in a compellingly atmospheric sound . ESCM had a thick bump to it , a very chunky analog sound , and the new agey washes of piano and string arrangements gave the rough rhythms of the songs a euphoric atmosphere . MISL was of course nasty breaks straight through pretty much , in fact almost like a darker version of this album . The toying with rock , the pristine digital production , the return to songwriting , etc etc. . ET however , ditches the bump of ESCM and punk rock edge of MISL . the songs are mostly sugary and airy and all about love and joy and passion . bt has adopted a distinct boy band timbre to his voice since MISL -LRB- due to his vocal training no doubt -RRB- , when he sounded more like he was just belting it out . this strips even a hard rockin song like Circles of its edge for me , making it a g-rated , everyone-is-happy pop rock tune for disney radio . the trance cuts are both a return to the days of ima and a dive into the world of cornballery . paris -LRB- possibly my favorite cut on the album -RRB- and force of gravity are very open and spacey tracks in tradition of Nocturnal Transmission and those other Ima anthems , but at the same time the abstractness of those compositions is gone . instead of evolving a soundscape , on ET everything is composed in a very standard pop-music format , with verses and choruses , builds and breakdowns , all very standard and direct . i 'm not sure what point , if any , i 'm trying to make , but if i did try and make one , it would be this
 I am , and continue to be , a big BT fan . I appreciate his dedication to detail and his desire to do things a little different . That being said , I think that ET let me down . It is too big a deviation from where I think he was going with MISL.Instead of the usual avant-garde approach to digital music making , I found a lot of these tracks to be controlled and too `` popcorn-esque . '' I almost get the feeling that this album is more of a resume for BT 's production capabilities . If that is the case , then so be it . But I feel like some of the art might be compromised.Of course everyone should BUY this album and support this musician . I especially look forward to some of the upcoming remixes , especially of `` Force of Gravity '' and `` Paris . ''
 I never thought I 'd be that one guy who is giving the one scathingly harsh review but I have to do it . I 've never been so disappointed with an album as I have been with Emotional Technology . The flow of the album is frequently put to a grinding halt by unnecessary sound bytes , over the top electronic distortions , and agonizingly annoying lyrics.The first four tracks it seemed BT was wisely following the same routine as Movement in Still Life -LSB- Import -RSB- , a few dance/dj tracks before the real trance . My only major gripe for this section is that just when he 's finally got something good going in `` Superfabulous '' , he stops everything to play for us a conversation he had with Rose about going to the Getty Museum.Then we hit `` Force of Gravity '' and think it 'll be for Emotional Technology what Mercury and Solace was for MiSL -LSB- I -RSB- , but again the track suffers from breakdowns in the flow . Worst of all are the totally depressing lyrics . While Mercury and Solace repeated `` Memories ... Happiness . '' Force of Gravity repeats , `` Do you cry ? Do you cry ? `` Nevertheless a decent trance song , `` Force of Gravity '' is followed by a track featuring our first taste of annoying lyrics , with the phrase `` it 's all good '' being excruciatingly repeated . This song , and `` Paris '' , both suffer from not being able to decide what kind of track it wants to be , with vocals that seem out of place and forced . `` Circles '' is a pretty decent rock song , ala `` I just wan na fly '' . But I paid 16 dollars for a trance album , not a Sugar Ray audition tape . `` The Last Moment of Clarity '' -LRB- a pretty good song -RRB- is the last track on the album for me , because the final three are absolutely unlistenable . `` Communicate '' repeats the phrase `` Learn to use your words so we can , communicate , communicate ... '' It 's like BT did a remix off a Barney and Friends album . `` Animals '' and `` The Only Constant is Change '' also suffer from BT 's horrible vocals that bog down the instrumentals and make you wish there was a decent track 14 to skip ahead to.So really , if you 're a die hard BT fan , get this album , I guess . But if you 're looking for decent music , or decent trance , put your money into something else .
 I am really disappointed with this album . I mean , BT has honed his sound a lot since Ima and ESCM , but since then he 's moved father and father away from the sounds of the Saints Paul -LRB- Oakenold and Van Dyk -RRB- and more towards the popular accessibility of Dirty Vegas - and beyond - to a sound that 's like the stepchild of Robbie Williams and Madonna . The stepchild with Prada kiddie shoes who refuses to play with any kids that are n't Backstreet Boys.There are some high points here , but in some ways , it feels like a collection of singles designed for car ads , instead of something more experimental and melodic . The problem is the singing . He 's a great composer , playing with found music and layered compositions to form almost orchestral sounds without diminishing their daceability . But the singing , and especially the lyrics , are almost embarrassing , in every single song . `` I 'm goin ' Nike , Nike , Italy France , Romance '' on Superfabulous seems to be the Nadir of BT 's lyrical efforts , but there are several songs where the dreamtime beats and oceanic pounding has been dumped in a sad and bloodless coup by Bizkit-esque rock-rap . It 's a shame , because I know this is what it takes for Brian to get his pay on -LRB- especially in the wake of the Grinching he got a few Christmas ' ago - when theives stole a lot of his tracks pre-release , from his studio -RRB- . And he deserves to be widely accepted.But not for this .
 short review hereive been a fan of bt since i was a teenager and the first album he made Ima - it was such a revelation and an absolute pleasure to listen toESCM came with a further dance and electronica force that i loved , but sadly after that , BT seemed to lose his wayemotional technology is the epitomy of a once talented breaks , progressive house musician losing his way in order to try to appeal to the mainstream to sell more recordswhat a dissapointmentBT mate - you need to go back to stuff like Ima - please
 I bought this album when it came out and did n't like it after the first fews listens . Now I 've come back to it after a few months and I still ca n't like it . BT eschews electronica in favor of a more rock/pop sound and the results are less than impressive . The sounds of this album may be new for BT , but they are not new for music in general . Nothing here stands out . Not one song has a catchy hook -LRB- a killer when it comes to pop music -RRB- . The best track on here is Circles . Somnambulist is not for the hetero crowd and Communicate is by far the worst Jan Johnston song -LRB- and I 've heard them all except for a couple of remixes -RRB- . As great as ESCM and Movement were , I do want to see BT evolve , but I would like him to avoid writing BORING songs . And that 's really the problem with this album - there is nothing remotely interesting on it.Unless you are a die-hard BT fan , avoid this one like the plague .
 I loved Movement in Still Life , and I have enjoyed many of BT 's other works . He is a very talented artist - but this CD is crap.Everything blends together - it sounds like he put all of his other work in a blender and spewed this horrible piece from it .
 First , if you are an old BT fan -LRB- pre-Movement in Still Life -RRB- like I am , you will not like this album . If you became a fan of BT with Movement or are new to BT , you might actually like this album.When I first got Ima , I was very happy . When ESCM -LRB- his best album in my opinion -RRB- hit the shelves , I was in heaven . When Movement in Still Life -LRB- the UK version -RRB- rotated in my CD player for the first time , I was not sure if I liked the album , but it grew on me , and now the only track I do n't like is The Ride.However , when I first listened to Emotional Technology , I did n't even finish a single song on the album and immediately went back to listening to his older and better songs . You see , BT has always been a great producer , and before this album he used that talent to enhance his great music . Now he is using his production talents alone to try and make `` good '' songs instead of creating music that is good at it 's foundation . Where before he used clever production techniques only a few times in a song in order to hook his listeners and enhance his well composed tracks , now they are so thick that they become cliche . It is as if he knew he had written poor songs and then layered it with so many bells and whistles in the hopes that it would overshadow his sub-par composition.Personaly , his techno-pop fusion does n't bother me . It is more of the fact that he did n't take the time and effort to do it correctly and instead focused on all the technology he had at his disposal.One more item for those who have listened to BT over the years . At many points in the album , you will find yourself saying
 This album album sounds incredibly forced and sterile , unlike his earlier albums . Hugely dissapointing.BT is supposed to be a pioneer of electronic music , then i read that he produced N'Sync 's single , `` Pop '' . What better way to negate such status than to pull something like that . This album sounds -LRB- accordingly -RRB- like an N'Sync record -LRB- or Justin Timberlake , Britney Spears , Jessica Simpson , ... whatever -RRB- . Sadly , I see this as a trend followed by many of today 's `` prominent '' electronic artists . Moby 's `` 18 '' was just as dissapointing . The positive reviews for this record just astound me.Oh yeah , he sings on this album too , alot ! So Do n't expect great cameos by other cutting edge artists , at least none that are breakout performances . This is a true shame because , well , BT is just not a great vocalist.BT seems to have fallen prey to vanity , displayed by his pervasive -LRB- albeit dull -RRB- vocals , as well as the downright gawdy album cover . If Sigfried and Roy had a child , it would look like that!I really hate to berate artists that I have truly come to admire , and I truly , eagerly awaited this release . But when they produce stinkers like this , I feel compelled to complain loudly.Beware .
 if you like ESCM then listen to the album carefully , it did not cut it for me ... . sorry BT
 While I have been a HUGE BT fan over the years , I must say that I am very dissapointed with this effort . While the production quality on the CD is excellent , the direction is totally off base . It seems to be that BT has forgotten the electronic music croud that gave his name repubility and has moved toward trying to be a pop poster boy like Justin Timberlake.BT should have stuck more to his guns . I applauded him with his move into different genres -LRB- still within the electronic music relm -RRB- when Movement in Still Life -LRB- the UK version of course -RRB- was released . that album is what i would call groundbreaking . This album has lost focus and really has no relevance to electronic music fans , though if you are into Pop music , you probably enjoy enjoy it.I hope that you come up with a better one next time , Brian .
 I first came to know of BT through ESCM . Out of the literally 5 days of music I own , Escm 's at the top of the pyramid . He really had something good going back then , characterized by a deeply spiritual exploration of lush electronic landscapes that sent your imagination flying . Then came Movement In Still Life , which although not as good , was nonetheless an excellent album , with BT 's trademark attention to detail written all over it.So , being a big BT fan , I quickly gave Emotional Technology a whirl , only to be let down . Where ESCM is to date , the DEEPEST electronic album I have ever heard -LRB- comparable maybe to Jam & Spoon 's `` Tripomatic Fairytales 2001 '' or Shpongle 's `` Are you Shpongled ? '' -RRB- BT 's latest release sounds like he 's humoring the massive POP fan base he 's been accumulating . Sugar-coated pop melodies and shallow lyrics make me wonder where all the spirituality ever went ? Never having been able to top ESCM 's `` Remember '' , the use of Jan Johnston 's beautiful voice in `` Communicate '' is almost an insult to her.As a die-hard electronic music fan , it truly saddens me to see that BT 's progression has been inverse . Fame has clearly gone to his head - you can tell just by looking at the cover of this album.From the bottom of my heart , I truly hope Brian Transeau can find the path again , before he 's lost forever to pop culture .
 Yuk - where are we going here ? An attempt to draw in Hip Hop and Rap audiences , a big departure like Oakenfold did with Bunkka , both leaving the dance genre -LRB- and fans -RRB- behind . Like Bunkka , A miserable failure . Mine will be online cheap !
 This album , at best , loosely resembles electronic music . If you are a fan of IMA and ESCM , as I am , You will not enjoy this album at all . While the production on the album is incredible , the music sounds like it 's 2 years old , and NOTHING like the classic BT sound.Reinventing yourself is one thing . Selling out your audience that got you fame and noteriaty so you can be the next pop poster boy is quite another.Very dissapointing espically seeing how long i have been waiting for this one .
 I have been a fan of BTs for years and have all his CDs . I bought this album when it was first released in 2003 . After much anticipation I was greatly disappointed with what I heard . His previous works I love and can play again and again but this abortion of pop rock is just not the BT that I and other fans were expecting . I will now not blindly purchase one of BTs works until I have fully listened to it incase of further disappointment.If you want to listen to Drum and Base with a mixture if techno/trance done just right I recommend Pendulums `` Hold Your Colour '' .
 Very disappointing ... after his previous album I expected more growth in the writing department ... he got hung up on the production side of the biz and forgot that you have to have a good song before you start producing it ... anyway ... every song on this record is mediocre ... Mr. BT 's singing is flat out boring ... he should stick to producing boy bands who already have their songs written and can sing . . At least you wo n't get stuck with a song in which you HAVE to look for a hook instead of it jumping at you and not letting you forget it ... i 've listened to the record numerous times TRYING to like it ... but i have to tell you i can not remember a single melody off it ... The production is good and his signature machine-gun stutters are present on every song ... there should be more to songs than his `` amazing '' stutter effects which get predictable and bore you to death ... To sum it up ... this record SUCKETH .
 I have been a BT fan sine 1996 and have seen him twice so I have some credibility when I say this
 Popping Paul van Dyk 's Relfections into my CD player has sparked me re-review BT 's Emotional Technology , since Reflections is everything I had hoped BT 's latest album would be . After listening to the album again , what are my thoughts on it?Over - produced , cluttered sound.Shallow , superficial lyrics.Guest performances from all the wrong people.Emotional Techonology takes all of the good elements of electronic music -LRB- diverse instrumentation , solid mixing , high-production value -RRB- and mixes it with all of the awful elements of pop -LRB- shallow and unimaginitive writing , less than stellar vocal performances , over-produced sound -RRB- . Maybe if BT had mixed electronic beats with catchy or heartfelt lyrics that ACTUALLY MADE SENSE , this album would have been a success . But he did n't , and the end result is a load of garbage . Maybe if he had picked A-list popstars , instead of B-list has-beens . Forget it , it 's not worth debating.Movement In Still Life was one of the single greatest albums ever , a mix of hip hop , pop and electronica , with each song on the album featuring its own style in said genres . Emotional Technology tries to take all of the genres and mix them together in each and every song . Instead of giving us a hip hop or pop track followed by a club-worthy trancer , he tries force the genres together . It does n't work , and the final result is a CD that sounds fake and awful to all sides . It does n't work as a pop album . It does n't work as a rock or hip hop album . And it certainly does n't work as an trance or house album.Come to think of it , Emotional Technology does n't work at all .
 From reading many of the reviews here , it seems that BT 's long-term fans seem to dislike this album , whereas those not familiar with Brian 's earlier stuff -LRB- or who just discovered him -RRB- think it 's fantastic . This is revealing . People who 've been accusing Brian of selling out since Movement was released have got fresh ammo . However , from my point of view , he wo n't be able to sell out quite yet because the songs on this new album simply are n't catchy enough to cut it in the mainstream . Not only that , the album is cluttered with samples , loops and miscellaneous sounds that I have heard in his earlier work or from other artists ' efforts . This is an unthinkable situation for a supposed innovator like BT . I have to say that , as a fairly diehard fan , I found Brian Transeau 's latest effort really disappointing . Not only will he fail to crack into the ` mainstream ' -LRB- was this his intention ? -RRB- with this mediocre offering , he 's also alienating his long term fans . I will buy the next BT album , but if it 's like Emotional Technology , I 'll be giving up on the great man from Maryland .
 OMG ... how the hech can I even give it one star?Wtf is this pop stuff , and wheres all the good dance music we 're used to hearing from him.Whats up with all the experimentation ? ... Dont waste your time and money on this CRAP !
 I was all excited to see what new stuff BT had come up with , and I must say I was not very impressed.Why the hell did he mix rock with techno ? . BIG no no in my book ! . that messes alotta peoples heads up for sure.Imagine if you heard hard guitars when u were rollin , boy that would sure ruin it for ya ! ... `` Movement in still life '' was so much better , and less poppy sounding.His music is always changing and he 's always trying new elements in his music ... if he 'd stick with a particular style , he 'd do alright.I dont recommend this one , at least he didnt sell out like Oakenfold did ... `` cry me a river `` wtf ? . . now thats pop for ya
 This was disappointingly bad ; The new haircut should have been a tip-off ; `` The Great Escape '' was the only track I could listen to more than once . It 's fine if he wants to appeal to a different audience , but if your idea of good BT is `` Mercury and Solace , '' then you need not go here .
 Emotional Technology is anything but emotional . It is not a question of genre , yet musicality , and there is none to be had here . He fails to capture any sense of direction or sound here , and touting that one song had over 6000 edits , is like touting how laborious Liberache 's clothings was to tailor , yet was it tasteful ... hardly . This is a horrid album by any measure .
 Absolute rubbish . Over produced and melodramtic lyrics make this one of the more disappointing CDs this year . Stick with Movement in Still Life , forget this trash.I would give it negative stars if I could .
 I WANT MY BLOODY MONEY BACK , THIS WANKER NEEDS TO RETIRE !
 After being a big fan of BT since his first album Ima , this is easily his only album that has fallen completely flat on it 's face . It has the feel of being thrown together to fullfill a minimum number cd contract with a record label . While his earlier works were epic and classical in composition , this is simply rehashed sound effects and clumsy pop composure with angsty annoying vocals on every single track . A far cry from his beautiful Ima , and fun Movement in a Still Life . I do n't normally write reviews , but was let down enough by this album to feel compelled to warn others
 This CD is not the best of this genre.I was waiting for this release to come out , unfortunately , the material on this collection floats all over the musical map without ever really landing somewhere.A better alternative in this musical genre would be anything from PAUL VAN DYK or `` Chimera '' by DELERIUM . I 'm sad to say that this CD may dissapoint many and only please but a few !
 I would not recommend spending your money if your expecting something new . This album is like pop on steroids not like previous BT stuff -LRB- excellent -RRB- . He is a shadow of his former self . Sorry to be so frank but it 's true .
 Brian combines the best of a myriad group of influences into a convergence of brilliant , moving , emotional and forceful music . This is Peter Gabriel caliber genius , mixed , sampled and blended together to perfection . Lyrically and musically one of the MOST satisfying albums I have ever bought . AWESOME , and so far ahead of the pack it is amazing . The remixes from this CD will keep me satisfied for a LONG time . Way cool ! Way to GO Brian ... WAY TO GO ! . Keep it up !
 I remeber when I first read about the band , I was intrigued and bought the album . I think the album has its moments like the first 3 tracks , but then after that it kind of goes downhill ... It just seems like the band gets stuck in a monotonous rythem and it just stays their , in other words , it gets boring ... If you wan na get hardcore by girls , check out L7 , they destroy this band .
 I remeber when I first read about the band , I was intrigued and bought the album . I think the album has its moments like the first 3 tracks , but then after that it kind of goes downhill ... It just seems like the band gets stuck in a monotonous rythem and it just stays their , in other words , it gets boring ... If you wan na get hardcore by girls , check out L7 , they destroy this band . -LRB- The review below is mine , I had done it anonymous first -RRB-
 real diva 's can sing . Diva is usually in reference to an operasinger or a ... circuit female singer ... All of which can actually sing . Diva is alsoin reference to people who paid their dues and been around a long lomg time . That have done many many different types of music . Such as a real diva being Linda Ronstadt . So they should have just refered to it as greta modern pop singers of our day . The diva shows are shameful ... Whitney ca n't sing gospel . Shania has a couple songs . Celine is faking itshe ca n't hold a note and has zero style and usually ruins other classic songs . Aretha never had soul since she just screams and their is zero feeling to her music . Though she was lucky to have great people around her feeding her good material . Mariah is a decent singer and has alot of potential but she wants to just sell looks instead of quality so you can chalk her up as a bad imatation of DEniece Williams and Minie Riperton who had syle and could actually sing .
 This review is for THE REMASTERED 3OTH ANNIVERSARY 180 GRAM LP , not the cd ... I was very excited to received this LP , and dedicated a whole Saturday afternoon to listening to it . The LP arrived in great shape . I cleaned the LP and dropped it on my turntable expecting to hear a great disc . Unfortunately I was unpleasantly surprised by what I heard . At first I thought I had inadvertantly hit a re-eq button on my amp . What I noticed first whas that the levels had been boosted so high that the whole recording sounded overly loud , almost obnoxoiusly so . After dialing down my volume several other issues reared their ugly heads including a great deal of surface noise - both backround and pops and clicks . I switched out carts on my TT to one that is more forgiving of poor pressings but that did little good . The third was a bit odd , and I was at first sure my ears were playing tricks on me . The actually speed of the mastering seemed off to me as if the LP had been mastered at the improper speed . After the second listen I knew my ears were correct . Perhaps the most aggregious sin was the fact that this recording is severely compressed . Headroom is very poor and the whole soundstage is flattened.For the sake of comparison , I took my original well-worn original 1977 British pressing and took it for a spin . Minus obvious wear issues the 1977 version was a revelation . Volume levels were at their proper levels , surface noise was almost non-existant despite the age of the LP , the speed of the LP mastering was correct and the soundstage was much wider and more open from the bottom to the top.I returned the first copy to Amazon who kindly sent me a second and then a third copy . It was not just my copy - all three copies exhibited the same issues.I suggest that anyone who wants a good copy of The Stranger on LP AVOID THIS PRESSING LIKE THE PLAGUE !!! Find a VG + copy of the orginal at a fraction of the price and hear this masterpiece as it was meant to be heard !
 I bought this album thinking that it was a Billy Idol album , but this sounds nothing like Billy Idol ! This garbage sounds awful ! That idiot on the album cover should put that mask on in order to hide his massive shame over the pile of crap that this album REALLY is !
 I bought this product and the last track was scratched . Strange for a new CD right . I am still awaiting a refund .
 This album sounds great for the most part , but there are a few things that pissed me off . First , it says that it includes a free digital download and even has a card inside the sleeve . In the fine print , though
 I recently purchased this brand new Original Remaster from Mobile Fidelity to replace the decade old Sony/Columbia SACD version that I sold for a large chunk of change and I 'm sorry to report that it was a big mistake.The New SACD sounds dull and lifeless like the engineer forgot to add treble to the mix . I 'm finding that a lot of mofi 's recordings are hit or miss these days . When they hit they 're amazing sounding but otherwise they sound flat and compressed and it 's a damn shame . $ 29.00 down the drain . Buyer beware !
 Every single fast song on this cd sounds the same . The only thing that changes is the lyrics , the beat stays the same . Joy dos n't realy mix it up at all . Her slow songs are not all that great either . Joy just dos n't have the strong voice to carry slow songs . I think she should have stuck to back ground singer for people like Mariah and Whitney .
 Do n't get me wrong . I think Joe Pesci is a brilliant actor and I 'm quite a fan , but this CD is criminal for the lack of humor , lack of taste and the over abundance of pedestrian `` Saturday Night Live '' - band style arrangements ... and oh yes , Joe ca n't sing that well either . Rent or buy the videos of `` My Cousin Vinny '' or `` Goodfellas '' but do n't waste your time and money on this CD -- It does n't even make a good cocktail coaster -- which is all it 's good for .
 Much Like Eddie Murphy 's Music this is good for a Laugh.but he ca n't sing.I Like it for a Laugh.but Even though Pesci is a good Actor he needs to make better films.then maybe make another Album .
 This album has a few funny moments buried in a pile of garbage . Save your money for the `` My Cousin Vinny '' rentals and you will be a lot happier . At least with the movie you get to see an Oscar winning supporting performance by Marisa Tomei -LRB- who is n't too hard on the eyes , either -RRB- .
 If you look at the liner notes of this album there is a name that should pop out to you if you are a Four Seasons fan . That is Tommy DeVito , who plays guitar throughout the album . He is an original member of the Four Seasons and in 1960 Joe was the one that in was instrumental in getting Tommy and Frankie together with Bob Gaudio and the rest is history . As for Joe 's first album , LITTLE JOE SURE CAN SING , it is not his original recordings . If you have a copy of THE FANTASTIC FIRST YEARS -LRB- Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons -RRB- track 29 is a song , `` What About Me '' that is recorded by a fellow by the name of Johathan Marcus , who is none other than Joe Pesci . This was recorded in 1966 . Check it out . The Four Seasons do the backup vocals on it . I guess this was their way of thanking Joe for his part in the making of the Four Seasons . One more note ... Tommy DeVito works for Joe Pesci . Wonder if he paid Tommy to play on his album ?
 A friend asked me to buy this CD for him online as a gift for his sister . I was very pleased that the CD arrived in much less time than projected . Since this was a gift , my friend wanted a new CD , and it was still in the shrinkwrap . That 's the good news . Bad news is that that jewel case was broken and cracked . I wrote to the seller , and received no reply , however , 2 days later , an empty jewel case arrived in the mail . It was scratched and dirty with adhesive still on it from whatever was in it before . By this time it was too late to order a new CD . Seller should have replaced it with a new CD , which is what I purchased -- or at the very least , should have responded to say that he did n't have another.Was not at all happy with this transaction ... First time I was dissatisfied with Amazon , and I wo n't deal with private sellers any more .
 The holiday music is very enjoyable but I purchased this CD to download to my IPOD and it will not download to iTunes and you can not burn a CD from it .
 i purchased this CD b/c of the positive reviews on this website , but am quite disappointed . 2 reasons specifically
 i have been a donny osmond fan for many years and the osmond christmas cd is one of my favorites , but i think this cd is one of the worst i have ever heard ! i find the arrangements awful and not even close to the brilliance of those written by the arrangers that he and his family have worked with in the past . and i think donny should face the fact that he 's from utah and not from a south central la church ... the cliched gospel riffs just do n't make it in my opinion ... in fact they are terribly annoying ! get real and be yourself !
 Of course , every CD I own of Billy 's has something good about it , and I love every one , but I 'm sorry to say that this is my least favorite . It has a lot of great songs , but the recordings seem rather tired . Miami 2017 is too slow , Angry Young Man is also , and James is a sleeper.However , All You Wan na Do Is Dance is a fun song , I do like this version of Say Goodbye to Hollywood , and New York State of Mind is very relaxing.If you like a lot of the songs on this album -LRB- Miami 2017 , Say Goodbye to Hollywood , Summer Highland Falls -RRB- , and if you have not already done so , I 'd strongly reccomend `` Songs in the Attic '' . Many of the songs on this album are on that one , and the live versions have something that the album versions do not . If you 're just starting out with your BJ collection , I 'd put this album aside for later .
 This album finds Billy Joel at the dawn of the superstardom to come . There are a number of songs that could very well have been hits had this album been released after he had been internationally established with The Stranger and 42nd St. Notably - Miami 2017 , Summer Highland Falls , and New York State of Mind are album-cut classics and are as good as anything he had written before or since . For those fans who were introduced to Billy Joel through Just The Way You Are , and the rest of The Stranger album , Turnstiles is well worth the purchase to discover a prior album of equal weight and substance .
 This one 's a classic . What could be better than Billy Joel tearing up a bunch of great classic ` genre exercises ' in a put on soul singers / bluesman voice ? And nice to know he was n't really a ` piano man ' anymore . Thankfully that instrument has gone into the background somewhere and the predictable pop can come in the foreground . Lets sigh a sigh of relief , ahhh ... And it just amazes me that on the back of ` All you wan na do is dance ' that it was the Bee Gees , and not Billy , who became the blue-eyed soul kings of the late 70 's ? This song is where the real ` soul ' is.And Billy Joel writes ` preludes ' for his songs , sounds like something he ripped out of ELP ... I mean how innovative and what an amazing song.Well , the Ronnettes inspired ` Say goodbye to Hollywood ' , what with thsoe tambourines and that ` wall of sound ' you can just feel the city lights , whether it be New York or Hollywood . ` Summer Highland Falls ' is definitely a nice piano ballad , but the rest ... well , they 're not all bad , but mostly they are average . Maybe ` Miami ' and ` New York state of mind ' are the best of that lot . Rating **
 i dont know what to think of people who think this is a great album . it s not a bad one , but compared to her first it 's disappointing . ok , maybe it 's a little more `` creative '' , but in my opinion the songwriters did n't transform this creativity into great songs , being different is not the same as being good ! only three good songs : angels working overtime , people miss planes , and -LRB- the very good -RRB- make up ur mind . looking at the two albums , there are lots of different song writers involved , which gives me the feeling that in deana carter 's songwriting bunch there seems to lack this one genuis that has a nose for really great music .
 On Deana 's `` Did I Shave My Legs For This ? '' album I enjoyed every song . This CD was a sorry excuse for a good release . There was only one good song , `` You Still Shake Me '' . The rest of the CD made me want to go to sleep and bored the hell out of me .
 After listening to Deana 's new CD 3 times -LRB- thinking perhaps I was missing something -RRB- I have to conclude that I am very disappointed with this effort
 Fire And Water was a classic rock album if ever there was one . Free was a great band and their legacy is well deserved.My problem is with this deluxe release . It 's mind numbing . How many versions or rehearsals of `` Alright Now '' or `` Fire And Water '' do you really need to hear ? Yes , the original album is classic five stars like I said and the mastering on it is very fine indeed . However the BBC tunes on the rest of disc one are of borderline bootleg fidelity -LRB- and that 's being kind -RRB- . Disc two actually has great live tunes and a couple interesting remixes ... but hey , let 's have MORE All Right Now rehearsal takes?Good grief enough already . As great an album as this was , listen to both of these CD 's in one setting and you 'll put the thing down for at least a year . This is total overkill . Like another reviewer said , keep it simple.Collectors will have literally everything on this anyway ; causal fans do n't need much more than the original album.Save your money .
 I read the other reviews prior to buying and , surf-music fan that I am , had high expectations . Unfortunately , I found little to please . `` Mission Impossible '' is awesome , and the Hitchcock themes good , but nothing else made sparks for me . Buy the `` Surf Guitar Greats '' instead -- you 'll get their Mission Impossible and Miserlou along with a smattering of surf from other artists .
 The best item of the album is the 6 minute tabla solo by Alla Rakha . The sitar pieces are too light - not so great !
 This is not the classic NYC hardcore band . This is a melodic type aging hair metal band . Do n't get excited and think BURN is back together and recording ... they 're not .
 Should have stayed in Greece where her music did n't turn out to be a sell out . Being a fan of her original work , this just goes to show she wants to take her music to an all time low . `` gia '' or Geia has more of a mideastern sound than Greek and that song was high jacked from a mideastern artist . All time biggest high jacked song of the time . . congratulations
 No review ... this song is s ** t!the artist is s ** t too !
 Being a true Memp Bleek fan , I was thoroughly dissappointed with this album . Where 's the creativity ? Where 's the passion ? Every song on this album is uninspired and un-original . I have bought all four of Bleek 's albums the day they hit stores . After this one , that streek is about to end . It just does n't seem like he tried to make a classic . It seems like he was making tracks , he picked 14 that were sitting around , put them together and put this in stores . I thought `` M.A.D.E. '' and `` Coming of Age '' were close to classic status . I thought `` The Understanding '' was a pretty good album , this was an absolute Dud . No real hits , no creative lyrics , no creative concepts behind the songs . Its just same old same old . If you have his first three albums , and are thinking bout getting this one DO N'T !!!! If you do n't have any Bleek albums , but wan na pick something up , pick up `` M.A.D.E. '' or `` Coming of Age '' , those are Bleek at his best . This on the other hand , is a $ 15 weed plate !!!! And I do n't even smoke !!!!
 I 've been a Bleek fan ever since his verse on `` Coming of Age '' from `` Hard Knock Life V2 '' But I ghess in ' 05 , with the Roc split , Bleek suffered the most . ' 03 's M.A.D.E. COMPLETELY destroys this album . I listened to the title track off `` 534 '' and thought this was gon na be an incredible album ... then the album just nosedives . That track `` Dear Summer '' w / only Jay-Z on it ... IS WAAAAAAACCCCCCK . Jay-Z will always be a lyricist , but the beat -LRB- which is none anyway -RRB- is HORRIBLE . The `` hit song '' `` Like That '' is ok at best , and Bleek just never recovers from his title track . `` 1st , Last , Only '' w / MOP is a good song , but nothin ' you 'd keep comin ' back to , and the same goes to `` Oh Baby '' w / the Young Gunz . This is the 1st cd in a while that I wanted my 9.99 back immediately . I listen to this cd every once in awhile to see if it 'll grow on me , but it 's no hope . The title track `` 534 '' is the only bangin ' song on the whole album that I love to listen to . Other than that , Bleek , THUMBS DOWN !!! ** By the way , `` Big L Simon '' , hope your freestylin ' is better than you reviews . 5 stars for `` 534 '' , PLEASE .
 This cd sucks he will always be 1 hit away but like Jay-z says he will always be rich as long as he alive and if he dies he will be ni his will so he can chill somewhere so i guess he dont need to make good shit
 i mean he did rep but i didnt like the cd it sucked i recomend you not to waste your money bye ying yang twins new one
 First and foremost , I 'm a Bleek fan . Maybe I 'm listening to a different album or something , but this is nowhere near his best album . MADE was so much more thorough , you could easily listen through that entire CD . That 's not the case with this LP . The wit and depth of the lyrics are n't up to what Bleek is capable of , and there are n't any tracks that will really stick in your head all day -LSB- i.e. , `` I Get High , '' `` Hustlers . '' -RSB- . I find the beat to `` Oh Baby '' too annoying to listen to it twice in the same day . Bleek is at his best when he can speak clearly over a beat , and that 's what you get with `` Alright '' and `` Straight Path '' - the best tracks on the CD , along with the `` 534 '' intro . Also , this effort being the first major release from the so-called `` New Roc '' should have been more in the ballpark of 20 tracks , even if that means that 3 of those are skits -LSB- think Cam ` ron 's `` Purple Haze '' -RSB- .
 Memphis Bleek has never come with anything that is worthy of mention lyrically . This cat is wack . Wiggety ... Wiggety Wack -LRB- brought it back ?!? -RRB- . He never says anything worthy of mention or has any choruses worth remembering . All I ever remember is how he ruins some good beats I.E Is That Yo Chick -LRB- him hot him not ! -RRB- years ago and when T.I. & Trick Daddy had to come save the day on Round Here . This album is no different when the guests save him yet again . Newcomer Rihanna and the banging beat rescues Memphis Bleek 's uninteresting rhymes on The One . He 's just a wack rapper . . if you listen to his rhymes you would realize just how wack he truly is ... read some of his wackness on the song THE ONE . '' 4,3,2,1 if this ai n't concrete then call it what you want / for my lady where she from Ill make it hotter than the sun / I 'm still street say teh word and it 's done ... `` Wow ... very terrible ... I truly believe that Trillville are better rappers/lyricists than Memphis Bleek and I 'm not joking . As a matter of fact Memphis Bleek is among the worst rappers I have ever heard and that 's on life . Bow Wow 's album is better and that 's very sad for memphis bleek . Every single guest outshines him ... the beats outshine him . Then JayZ completely steals the show on DEAR SUMMER ... a song that does n't even feature Memphis Bleek -LRB- which was smart -RRB- because the song is a classic . Memphis Bleek fails to even make a song that is good let alone come anywhere close to that song . he ruins the first single , It 's Like That -LRB- Swizz Beats is on a roll -RRB- with his garbage rhymes . He does n't even hold his own on the album . JayZ knew in his heart that he saved this album with that one cut just under 3 minutes . It 's sad that those 3 minutes are better than the entire memphis bleek album combined.I would n't recommend this at all and I wish memphis would just retire . Some people just do n't have it ... he 's had four tries -LRB- and he gets worse with each release -RRB- and is backed by the Roc and still has n't made an impact . Sad . This album is a waste of time . This album gets zero stars ... not even an E for effort ... yes it 's that bad . Memphis Weak should retire and spare us all of his wackness .
 Ditto what I said about Beanie ... except Bleek might want to step his lyrical swiftness a little . I mean , Memphis Bleek has been hanging around for a LONG time , and its almost amazing he is still even on the roster . Sure , he has modest success with each of his albums . But , I bet if you asked the average Jay-Z or Kanye West fan if they have ANY cds by Memphis Bleek over 90 % of them will say they do n't . I 'm not even sure at this point anybody checks for Memph Bleek outside of cameo appearances on other people 's songs . Freeway probably gets more props then Bleek , and Bleek is the one who was supposed to take over the empire . `` Like That '' is okay , and `` Alright '' is ... well ... alright . `` Infatuated '' sounds like a leftover Terror Squad track and `` The One '' is a poor attempt of getting an Ashanti-like guest vocalist to do the hook . Memphis Bleek needs to stay away from radio-friendly tracks and stay true to the rawness that he had from his early work . You 're not Jay-Z ... and with this being his FOURTH album ... never will be in my opinion .
 Rocafella has truly fell off . I 've never really been a Bleek fan but this has to be Bleek 's worst album . I did not think he can do worse than MADE but it looks like I was wrong ! NEwayz if I were you i would n't even take my time to listen to the album if it were n't for one song `` Dear Summer '' and Bleeks not even on it just Hov .
 got ta give Jay Z. aka Lay Z His due when you work with Him things really mainly get boring in a Hurry.Memphs Bleek is just a Lay Z sidekick who does n't have much going for Him with his flow & style . this album project seems like a Tax right-Off more than anything . very Boring & Bland to me .
 I read the reviews on this website before i purchased the cd , according to them it 's a 5 star album . Do n't be fooled ... I must not of liked it bevcause i am not from new york . Nope thats not it this album is generic and bleek does n't have that much talent . DO n't get me wrong there are a few alright tracks like Dear Summer ,534 , and alright . But those are the select few . All this excuse for a hip hop artist does is drop jigga 's name into the mix . Get your own skill better yet do us all a favor only put 3 songs on your next album and put jay-z on all of em .
 I bought this album back in the summer thinking it 'd probaly be a hot ablum because , of the somewhat hype they did have around it and the singles they had out -LRB- Dear Summer and Like That -RRB- . I was soo Wrong I should 've listened to Games 300 bars and realized that Memphis was n't anything special . Nah , he 's not that bad but , I 've heard way better . Maybe since he knew Jay from the beginning Jay felt sorry for him and had to put him on the label . Other then that ... there 's only one song that I 've listened to over and over again and that 's Dear Summer which has Jay on the track . It 's pretty sad the only song I like has a featured artist on the cd . Do n't waste your money on this get it bootlegged or download it . I 'm being nice giving him 2 stars because , he 's been in the game for a while ...
 Bleek aint fittin to be the future of nothin wit this garbage . I expected something way better than this . It only got 1 star because of Jay-Z 's solo . My advice to Bleek is to go get better producers , more tracks , and no more solos from Jay if u want your shine . Ya feel me . It Young Beezly folk !
 `` Ganryu Island '' is a recording that , along withThe Big Gundown
 This is great music but the sonics were like a highly-compressed MP3 . If you 're listening on low-end system , would probably fly . But if listening on quality equipment , it 's awful . This needs to be remastered to improve the sound quality !
 Dull , insipid , lackluster are the words to describe this album . Same goes for the group 's other album , `` The Reality of a Dreamer '' . When someone says `` Mythos '' sounds like `` Enigma '' or `` Delerium '' -LRB- if only remotely -RRB- , he does great injustice to these latter g roups . A poor emulation it might be , but only so much . More important , `` Mythos '' never establishes itself in its own right . If there is one outstanding thing about the music , it is a total lack of originality . As a result , you may have listened to the album ten times and be still unable to recall a single composition a couple of days later . Used chewing gum , completely flavorless and rigid . .
 This was just to technical for me . I prefer Delerium , Conjure One , and Enigma , much better variety .
 This cd is so anoying , so monotinous , so boring that I ca n't believe it . I ordered it through Amazon and received it yesterday ... . I must have been swayed by the reccomended section . Perhaps this group is trying to be like Delerium , but I got ta tell ya ... I could n't listen to any of the cuts all the way through . It 's horrible ! Even the chanting is bad ... The womans ' voice is so shrill that I actually had to run to the player to change it , and it just kept getting worse ! Over and over and over . This cd is a half-baked amalgem of poorly produced and performed new age schlock ... . I may actually take it out back and use it for target practice . Good cover , bad innerds . Oh , by the way , I really do n't like this cd .
 The most over-rated artist in the Groove/Atmospheric -LRB- read Enigma-like -RRB- genre has to be Mythos . In fact , this CD does n't belong in this category at all . A stark , miserable even depressing recording . It is lifeless , cold and dark . Delerium -LRB- as an example of excellent music -RRB- might be considered by many to be `` dark '' , but it is n't cold , lifeless AND dark!I have listened to this CD many times to try to like it , and alas , it is consistantly uninspiring at best . My collection of `` this type '' of music numbers some 80 CDs by 50 + artists and this is clearly the worst . A previous reviewer put into words the essence of my feelings , '' ... listened to the album ten times and still unable to recall a single composition a couple of days later . Used chewing gum , completely flavorless and rigid . `` Here are just a few titles to buy before you waste your money on this
 This album seems to be an exercise in trying to annoy people who like Jeff Buckley and Nick Drake . Or perhaps , a nudging , industry cash-in on people who like Jeff Buckley and Nick Drake . Meandering acoustic folky twiddles like ` The Moon And Me ' bump Grace-lessly into sub-Lloyd-Webber showtunes , with surface-skimming lyrical self-analyses like `` my smile wo n't smile and my laugh wo n't laugh '' ... You what ? Perhaps the album should be called ` God ! I am SO sensitive ! ` On ` Almost There ' Baxter does his best ` Stars In Their Eyes ' Buckley impression , imitating tone , vocal cadences , even the chord changes are grabbed from ` Lover , You Should 've Come Over ' ... At this point , it seems kindest to advise Mr. Baxter to put on a white V. neck T.shirt , grow his hair long and start a covers act.There is no point in this album whatsoever .
 Huge up-surge lately in the so called ` singer songwriter ' , unleashing wave after wave of horrible trite acoustic guitar wielding wannabes off of MySpace and into your living room . Tom Baxter 's offering Feather And Stone , at least has some integrity to it . more folky kind of approach than an attempt at pure pop tune writing , but my God gettin to the end of this album is one dull and painful struggle . There are superb songs here - but sadly , only 3 . My declaration , the moon and me , and under the thumb -LRB- which almost - ALMOST make buying the album worth while - but not quite -RRB- stand alone , welded together with some of the dreariest monotonal slooooooow slothful and dreary songs I have ever heard . It might be your cup of tea , but certainly a cup of tea probably stands more chance of keeping you up than this . .
 The sound quality on this is terrible ; apparently this was taped off the radio or with poor recording equipment at some gigs -LRB- no information is given -RRB- . You 're much better off with some of the other live releases such as Oblivion Fishermen , which has most of the same songs . I do n't know where the `` official '' reviewer of this got the idea that Robert Wyatt and Kevin Ayers were members of this group . I gave this two stars rather than one because , after all , they 're great Caravan songs .
 Are you serious ? This is one of the most dull , non-ambitious and simply boring performances of the 5th that I ever have heard . The orchestra is dry and unappealing and the soloist playing , although transparent and skillful , expresses nothing beyond arranged series of sounds.Very disappointing .
 What a disappointment this is ! Only five or six of the nineteen tracks are new to CD and these are of such poor quality , that one resents having paid out good money . The remaining tracks have all been previously released on excellent CDs on the Flare label . Productions that cut no corners when it came to quality .
 Bummer , I just downloaded this because I really love Mick harris and several of his already mentioned incarnations.But reading these reviews , I think at least someone would have mentioned that some horrible dweeb was going to `` drivel '' all over my ambience , I was hoping for more `` Lull '' , instead I got Dull!Oh , and for only $ 21.00 . I Hate !
 This three-disc set contains all parts of the `` Murder ballads '' trilogy . There 's also a single disc available , it 's called `` Murder ballads -LRB- Passages -RRB- '' and features an extract of four songs from this box set . Given that Mick Harris -LRB- of grindcore rockers Napalm Death and industrial-dub project Scorn -RRB- and Martyn Bates -LRB- of avant-pop duo Eyeless in Gaza -RRB- have added so much to the independent rock music of the '80s / '90s , `` Murder ballads '' is a total disappointment and leaves me completely cold . I grit my teeth in saying that , but these two otherwise excellent musicians waste their talents with an over-indulgent set of songs . It 's physically painful to listen to Martyn 's whispery and listless vocals , he stretches out the syllables to the breaking point and sounds pretentious all the way . However , there could be musical themes being worth adapting to , but even on this level , the duo comes dry on this album . Mick 's monochrome ambient noodlings -LRB- without any drumming , by the way -RRB- are even more ponderous than on his solo records under the Lull name . There are n't enough sonic details to give individual tracks character , nor are there notable variations in Martyn 's vocal performance . As a result , this album is a frustrating listen and leaves a lot to be desired . Perhaps people with a very special taste for sordid tales will find something here as realistically Nick Cave has already explored this theme on a much more enjoyable note .
 This album has great cover art and a wide variety of sounds . However , the `` fun-factor '' is seriously lacking on much of it . Sounds range from lazy lounge music to psychotic garage guitar . I do n't care for those extremes most of the time , particularly not together . So , I have to skip around a lot with this cd.Here are the highlights of the album : Woggles-Fun thrasher reminiscent of Agent Orange 's punk-style surf covers.Halibuts-Very fun and original tune with saxaphone.Hillbilly Frankenstein-funny , entertaining tune that drifts between a twangy surf-rock sound and la-la lounge music.Paul Johnson-Excellent electric and acoustic piece at a galloping pace.Teisco Del Rey-Lots of twang and some saxaphone , too.Spies Who Surf-Twangy spy and surf , just like it says.The Ultras-Catchy tune with a lot of pep.The track by Jon & the Nightriders was disappointing to me because its recording quality is so much poorer than their recording of the same tune on their `` Fiberglass Rocket '' CD . Jon & the Nightriders are the best surf band out there today -LRB- if they have not finally disbanded that is -RRB- . Their `` Moving Target '' is one of my favorite albums.If you want a great compilation of modern surf bands , however , buy `` Surfin ' Senorita . ''
 I have been a Zappa nut for many years now , and I could n't give a rat 's behind what songs Jon Fishman likes . In recent years , some genius at the record company has had the brilliant idea of repackaging Zappa songs and releasing them on `` new '' cds . I 'm so sick of them trying to milk people for every penny . God forbid , Zappa 's discography is so huge anyway that you have to take out a loan to get them all or spend years collecting . These songs are all previously released material , and have been since the day they came out . The only purpose of this album is a sampler for people curious about Zappa , and also idolize Phish . Otherwise , who cares what Zappa tunes Jon Fishman -LRB- or Larry LaLonde -RRB- likes ? If they 'd like the world to know what Zappa songs they like , they should have their picks printed in a magazine or on their website , instead of suckering us all into buying music that most Zappa fans already own .
 THE SERVICE WAS EXCELLENT , TH CD IS ONE OF MY FAVORITES , THE PROBLEM IS THE MUSIC STICKS BETWEEN 14TH & 15TH SONGS .
 My purchase was prompted by a news story about Peggy Lee . I was unfamiliar with her work , but liked what I heard during the news feature . It has been my experience that when moving into unchartered territory , `` the Best of '' collections are the safe bet . This may be a recording that grows on me over time , but currently I have only played the CD -LRB- in its entirety -RRB- once .
 I just received my Maxi , I ordered !! Was thrilled but was really disappointed ` cuz it is copy protected :-LRB- I hate these new copy protected CDs theyre a pain ! Guess I can still tranfer to my ole walkman but wouldve loved to copy to my HD and play on my mp3 player . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is a cover of a song by `` Ready for the World '' , not the JETS , as stated in a prior review . The track is already a massive hit at dance-oriented radio , where watered-down remakes are a staple , but will ultimately fail at the clubs . Guaranteed to make you go `` eh , that was cute , but I 've had enough '' .
 In the brief Amazon description above , this album is described as `` power metal . '' Do n't believe it ! Derivative modern aggro metal tripe is a much better indication of what you get herein . While I 'm a fan of the band 's previous two albums , `` Toxic Rain '' and `` Criminal Afterlife , '' I 've always felt Holy Mother was stuck between two worlds and had n't really found their sound yet . They took the classic metal strains of such bands as Dio and Judas Priest and mixed in a more `` modern '' strain of metal ala Pantera and earlier Fear Factory . In the past it worked for me because the balance of power was shifted much more strongly towards the classic metal side of the spectrum . But now with `` My World War , '' Holy Mother seems to have almost entirely abandoned their true metal roots in favour of a more alternative-flavored , `` Reload '' - era Metallica sound . Unlike `` Reload , '' it 's quite heavy , but lacks variation and substance . Also , elements of the most recent -LRB- i.e. tepid -RRB- output of bands such as Anthrax , Suicidal Tendencies , and Megadeth are clearly discernable . Upon first listen of this album I was quite disgusted and wanted to throw it away and write it off entirely . After several more forced listens , I softened up on it a little bit , thanks almost entirely to two redeeming tracks
 I produced this album ; all the selections from 1979 and 1991 . I am proud of my substantial contributions , but must insist you pass this edition by -- it is truly an inferior creation relying on unfinished cassette work tapes -LRB- not even early mixes , nor virtually finished takes of which there are many ! -RRB- I have not been paid for these -LRB- inferior -RRB- sessions and will probably never be . Rev has had ample opportunity to be honorable and has shown he is not . Forget this release and go buy yourself some Kraftwerk or such . Believe me , Martin Rev is such an egomaniac he has no compunctions ripping you , the customer , off . Truly a disgraceful performance and product !
 The mighty Blues Explosion -LRB- can I write this louder ? BLUES EXPLOSION ! -RRB- tries to get mom and dad to respect them . The greatest live band on the planet serves up a bland and ultimately uninteresting and disappointing collection of Rolling Stones -LRB- circa 1974 -RRB- would-be covers . Yeah , some of it might be catchy -LRB- `` Blue Green Olga '' -RRB- , but most of it betrays the power and majesty of the mighty BLUES EXPLOSION live experience . The B-sides record , `` Xtra-Acme '' , recorded at the same time , is much more representative of the the current state of the most fantabulous , rock & roll lovin ' experience that is the BLUES EXPLOSION ! If you want to give them your money , get this one . If you want to be knocked back to somewhere west of here , get `` Xtra-Acme '' or anything else they 've done . Solid .
 I was somewhat dissapointed by this CD . I have Strangest Places , and I think that this CD does n't even come close in terms of energy . What drew me to Strangest Places was the guitars and the more pop-rock that many of the songs have . This CD , while it 's good , is just not something that is easy to get in to . The songs are so melancholy and slow that they can almost depress you . There 's none of the rock element in it , and it 's just on overall quieter release . If you want something by Abra Moore , get Strangest Places .
 This release is SO different from Sanctus Ignis and Underworld . Rarely do they recapture their fantastic orchestral sound . Missing are the challenging rhythms . Gone are the great choral sounding segments . Instead they 've added a singer who growls and snarls way too much , despite having a good singing voice . And they did a cover song of the theme from FAME ? Worst idea I 've ever heard . It makes me sad . They tried to go darker , and it does n't work . Adagio 's first 2 albums will remain in my heavy disc rotation for many more years . Dominate will not .
 The Talking Heads , after producing a handful of essential albums , seemed to spend the tail end of their career fumbling a bit for direction , after the stripped back and ultimately unsatisfying `` Little Creatures '' , they recorded a series of pieces David Byrne wrote for a movie called `` True Stories '' -LRB- that had already been recorded by different artists -RRB- . The net result is an album that quite frankly sounds and feels nothing like a Talking Heads album and falls far short of delivering the goods.Essentially , the album bounces between one style and another , from fierce blues-based rock -LRB- `` Love For Sale '' -RRB- to '50s pop -LRB- `` People Like Us '' -RRB- to a sort of , for lack of better term , `` world music '' vibe -LRB- `` Papa Legba '' -RRB- . The pieces themselves are n't bad , but it feels like this is the wrong band to be executing them and the performances pretty much limp along . A couple of the pieces are worth a listen -LRB- hit single `` Wild Wild Life '' is catchy and exciting , `` Dream Operator '' works out to be an intriguing pop piece -RRB- , but by and large , the album muddles along and does n't really go anywhere.This dualdisc reissue provides remastered sound on the both the stereo/CD side and the 5.1 / DVD sound and quite simply , it sounds fantastic . Both sides are augmented by bonus tracks -- the CD side has an unnecessary -LRB- and irritating -RRB- extended mix of `` Wild Wild Life '' and two performances from the movie -LRB- the same backing track with a different vocalist -RRB- . The DVD side has one of the movie versions and a pair of music videos.The Talking Heads were a band that accomplished a lot in a short amount of time and never seemed to recover after reaching critical mass . `` True Stories '' is probably as good an example of this as anything else . Newcomers should stick with their earlier albums -LRB- `` Remain in Light '' is probably as good a place as any -RRB- before pursuing something like `` True Stories '' .
 There 's no getting around the fact that 1986 was one of the single worst years in popularmusic/popular culture , and one of the final nails in the alternative coffin of New Wave wasthe release of this album . The publicity images of the band in yuppie regalia was a lameattempt at irony , yet the TRUE STORIES album itself is far more contradictory to the `` Talking Heads '' ethos than their late-period image suggested . There is something rottenat work here , from the stiff-rock opener `` Love for Sale '' to the made-for-MTV schmaltz of `` Wild Wild Life '' to the brain-dead closer `` City of Dreams . '' This from the same guy whowrote `` The Big Country , '' `` Heaven , '' and `` The Overload '' ? What the ?!?? The best that can be said is that a couple of the songs are `` nice . `` Little Creatures was passable , but it signaled an uneasy turn for the band , fromuncompromising art rock darlings to mediocre oddities left spinning in the perpetual videorotation . Naked , while an uneven album , salvaged a good deal of what was great aboutthe edgy collaboration between Byrne and / Weymouth/Harrison/Frantz , a masterful multi-rhythmic mixture of solid percussive drive and head injury quirk . But in between StopMaking Sense and their swan song , this band was effectively lost in the wilderness .
 The original soundtrack recording by `` various artists '' is wonderful , and since my cassette wore out I have n't been able to find it on DVD . I accidentally got the Talking Heads version and it 's not interesting at all .
 Lo ? nico bueno que puedo decir de este disco es que le dio el nombre al mejor grupo de la actualidad -LRB- Radiohead -RRB- ... es todo .
 In the 70 's , I fished a copy of the `` Smiley Smile '' LP out of the cutout bin . Naturally , I enjoyed the pop side of it and endured the noodling . Now , fresh off Brian 's triumphant `` That Lucky Old Sun '' -LRB- Sept 2008 -RRB- , I decided to get his re-recording of the never-quite-released `` Smile . '' Well , it is a big letdown . There can be no possible reason to re-do ` Heroes and Villians ' or ` Good Vibrations . ' The rest of it is pleasant and expertly played , but the songwriting is weak . I love Brian Wilson , but I do n't need this pointless exercise .
 I 've been a Beach Boys fan for a long time . Having said that , I was ecstatic aboout hearing the now finished `` Smile '' project . In my humble opinion , the album was disappointing . I do n't feel like it 's the masterpiece that rock critics thought it was going to be . This is probably due to the fact that it was recorded a few years too late . I 'd like to hear what the album would 've souonded like in ' 67 , with the original Beach Boys line-up . However , Brian can no longer hit the high notes like he used to . Brian now devotes over 1/3 of his live performance to the Smile album , playing the album in perfect sequence , which is something very rare . The audience reaction to Smile -LRB- i.e. yelling out `` SMiLE '' early in the show -RRB- demonstrates that somebody liked what they heard when they bought the album .
 I am very much a Beach Boy fan . I can listen to almost any Beach Boy album on almost any given day , including Pet Sounds and Surf 's Up.I had heard an earlier Brian Wilson CD , so I realized he did n't have it any more . I was skeptical of this release . So , I borrowed this CD from the library instead of spending my own money . It went immediately back to the library.Listen to the clip of `` Good Vibrations '' -LRB- or even the much praised `` Heroes & Villians '' -RRB- . If you really think either one is anything other than a poor cover of the original - then you deserve this CD.Follow-on : Based on the continued positive reviews , I went and got this CD back out of the library and gave it another complete listening to from start to finish.At it 's best , it sounds like some of the original versions -LRB- parts of Good Vibrations , particularly -RRB- , but it 's downhill from there . On occassion you can almost sense some greater potential . But , the poor vocals and musicianship prevent that potential from being realized.Still 1 Star
 I only wish this were the masterpiece it could have been . A nice mastering of the original tapes would have been far , far better than this slightly thin re-recording of the originals . As another reviewer mentioned , the sound is far too clean as compared with the nice warm analog sound of the originals . The instrumentations are well done , but generally lacking any warmth or personality.Yes , I know many of you think that Wilson could gargle on tape and it would be a masterpiece , but his voice here does not compare with the originals , nor do you get the rest of the BBs . His voice here , as with the Pet Sounds Live , is sort of flat . It is better than on Pet Sounds Live , but still not where it needed to be to undertake this monster of a job.Basically , it is ok , but wait for a used copy and pick that up . You will undoubtedly spend more time listening to the more cohesive bootlegs than to this recording .
 I love the Beachboys but this production is far too ` operatic ' for my taste.I like my rock to still rock but this is for ageing baby-boomers who have refined their taste to something more cultured.I was n't looking for culture , just a happy walk down memory lane . The music is jarring and discordant much of the time with self-conscious harmonies and chorus singing .
 I have recently poured through the remastered Beatles ' CDs which naturally led to a revisit of the Beach Boys ' Pet Sounds . Wanting more , I decided to purchase Brian Wilson 's Smile , which I had never before heard . What a complete disappointment . As much as I want to love this album , it is a shell of what it would have been if released when originally conceptualized in 1967 . But even imagining Brian Wilson singing at his best , the album is a poor attempt at outdoing Pet Sounds . Reminds me of Michael Jackson 's release of Bad after the monster hit album Thriller -- he was obsessed with outdoing Thriller but came up way short . The same is true of Smile ; I find it unworthy of release , particularly with Brian Wilson 's vocal range so limited . Why did n't anyone tell him ? Clearly , Brian Wilson recognized this in 1967 and made the correct decision to abandon the project .
 I was very disappointed with the purchase because I did n't have the original box with it .
 I am not rating this particular CD 1 star because I like Sgt. Pepper better than Pet Sounds or the Beatles more than the Beach Boys.I am not rating this particular CD 1 star because I do n't appreciate what Brian has endured during his life.I am not rating this CD 1 star because I do n't appreciate the artistry Brain is trying to convey.I am not rating this CD 1 star because like some bootleg versions of the same songs better.In order to rate this particular CD 1 star , all I had to do was listen to it on it 's own merits.I was -LRB- still am -RRB- a Beach Boys / Brian Wilson fan.Most of the songs are great , Brian is a great songwriter ; no argument from me.But , this particular CD is poorly performed and amateurish in execution . If it were performed by someone other than Brian Wilson , it could have been much , much better.I believe if anyone who will listen to the samples and honestly appraise them will come to the same conclusion . I borrowed this CD from the library and did listen to the entire thing , not just the samples . The samples , as poor as they are , are representative of the entire CD .
 Based on numerous reviews here , I purchased this yesterday and was looking forward to a classic disc . Instead , I got the worst collection of `` music '' that I have ever heard . Driving home I wanted to drive off a bridge . When I got home , I thought , maybe I 'm being too harsh , lets try it again and played it on my home system . I just could n't take it , after about halfway through I was contemplating suicide . I removed it from the player and tossed it in the fire . Worst waste of money ever . If this is `` genius '' , I 'd rather be an idiot . This was contempuous and juvenile . The `` talent '' exhibited elsewhere was absent here . This just sucked . Save your cash .
 To those of us that were around at the time , we heard all the rumors , all the hype , the anticipation that Smile was the genius follow-up to Pet Sounds . I seem to remember that Brian left the Smile project unfinished , because he had a serious mental meltdown , and has never been quite the same , since . Chopped up the master of what WAS done.We all thought that it was the masterpiece , that never quite was , and probably would never be . Well ... nothing that Brian does today , never quite surprises me . After 30-odd years , he decides to complete Smile.I thought , '' OK . Let 's see '' . I wish that I could have joined all of those that think that this was worth the wait . I ca n't . Brian should have left this alone , and simply just let the legendary Smile project be , what it was -- a memory that could have been , but was n't .
 There is a pronounced pestilent odor wafting from the hype around this release . Not unlike the same overenthusiastic acclamation given to the 9 place finisher of a 10 person race at last year 's Special Olympics . This could be because Brain is the only likable member of the original Beach Boys , or because he was the only real talented member of the original Beach Boys , but most probably it is because the Baby Boomers are still choking on the nostalgia of their youth only to superfluously worship any matter that is cough up.I am happy for Brain to see some of the credit for work , just do n't fooled by the press clippings , there is much better music being made by people receiving much less press , so it just takes a little effort to find . Though the rewards equal the effort .
 Very possibly the worst CD I have ever heard in my life . I could barely FORCE myself to listen until the last song was blissfully over.This is not music . It is stupid noise !!
 Thanks Jeff , your review was spot on . Do n't get me wrong , I like the Beach Boys , otherwise this would n't have got a listen , but ... . it is drivel . The whole album should be filed under Vaudeville ! The barbershop quartet sound , the banjo , yes , there is definately a banjo in there somewhere . Gone are the crisp synths of days gone by , only to be replaced by a fairgound barrel organ . Each song sounds like the previous one and after 20 minutes it all became a sickening blur . I wonder if I can get a refund . Sorry Brian , your glory days were 40 years ago . I just hope this one is n't what people remember you for : o -LRB-
 I was really looking forward to this CD . I have listened to it once , and once is enough to realize it sucks . I hate it . Be sure you listen to someone else 's copy before you waste your money too . I threw the CD away because it was so bad .
 The fact that anyone could listen to this collection of outtakes and half-finished ideas and deem it a masterpiece only underscores their own need for labels to be spoonfed to them . This sounds like the last gasp of a fading , deteriorating creative consciousness ; a regurgitation of melodies that did n't quite make the cut back in Brian Wilson 's formidable creative heyday which he now is reviving in a de-facto admission of the disappearance of his musical imagination .
 I love Brian Wilson and the Beach Boys but I guess now I know why they bailed on this project . Lyrically the project sucks . Parks Van Dyke must be the same kind of genius that uh ... oh , yeah , is an idiot . The music was well composed , of course , but I doubt I 'll ever listen to it again .
 Brian Wilson once the man behind the Beach Boys has come up with a CD that is a big waste of money that I can not understand a talent that is deep in the 60 and surf music is now dead Brian Wilson please RIP . Your cousin Mike is right you do n't have it anymore . This CD tell it all !! Thanks Brian for wasting my hard earn cash
 Number 9 ... Number 9 ... number 9 ... I ALMOST understand that ` song ' as much as any on this CD.The fact that it got 4.5 stars on average from over 400 reviews only confirms my belief that drug abuse is still rampant in America.Seriously , other than Good Vibrations , every other song on the CD sounds terrible.If this CD is art , I consider it to be abstract modern art . You know - the kind where you ca n't figure out what the hell you are supposed to be looking at ?
 This is the worst music I have ever listened to . It is no wonder that record companies are losing sales , I will never buy another CD again after being ripped off yet again .
 OK I 've read all the other reviews , and listened to a lot of hype about Smile . I would be the first to say that Brian Wilson was amazing as a writer , composer and Beach Boy . This is yet another poor attempt to a post Beach Boy career . Perhaps this would have been better 30 plus years ago . Like Wilsons last solo project I was disappointed by the lack of depth amongst the lyrics and music . This would have been better with Beach Boys . I bought it and will sell my copy .
 i am writing to all those rushing to 5 star -LRB- and more in some seriously deluded cases -RRB- ratings for this sad sack of drivel . i 'm afraid you 've all been overtaken by the myth making which surrounds this record and allowed hopes and wishes and dreams to swamp what is a seriously overrated piece of work . and look i fell for it too . while not a committed Beach Boys fan i do love some of their work , Pet Sounds in particular , and so , buoyed by the reviews and my own hopes for it i laid out the cash -LRB- at a premium price in Australia i should say about $ US25 , maybe its the packaging ? -RRB- and got it home . i have now played it 5-6 times hoping for a revelation but sadly there has been none . one great song -LRB- Good Vibrations -RRB- 2 OK ones -LRB- Heroes and Villians and Surf 's Up -RRB- and the rest - slop from a sad genius who lost his way.to elevate it as many have as a best ever by anybody i can only say here is a list of 10 American albums off the top of my head that are far better than this crock o ' spooge.Blood On The Tracks Bob DylanAmerican Roulette Danny O'KeefeSongs In The Key Of Life Stevie WonderWhats Going On Marvin GayeSmash Hits Jimi HendrixTapestry Carole KingKind Of Blue Miles DavisA Love Supreme John ColtraneBlue Valentine Tom WaitsAfter The Goldrush Neil Youngagain thats without stepping off the straight and narrow , without trying.i have never rated anything here before but really folks , listen to it . a major disappointment .
 Pretentious noise . The editorial review has this right
 Smile is a third-rate 1960 's throw-back . The melodies are dated and not even up to Beach Boys standards . I do not believe they ever would have made the final cut when Brian Wilson was in his best form . He probably just needs the money so he can extend his forty year drunk . The Grammys that this CD have won are just a music industry suck-fest . The entire CD should have been left on the cutting room floor . If you buy this CD and regret it , do n't say I did n't warn you .
 i will begin by saying that brian wilson is one of the greatest songmeisters of my time . lennon and mccartney knew he was their only real `` competition , '' and wilson is generally credited for being the inspiration for `` sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band . '' i 've waited for smile since it was shelved , glad to get a crumb here and there on albums like `` smiley smile '' and `` surf 's up . '' the rest of the beach boys , i have heard , thought `` smile '' was a mess , that only three songs were worthy of being listened to twice ... `` surf 's up , '' `` good vibrations , '' and `` heroes and villains . '' now that i 've heard the finished product , i agree . except for the three aforementioned tunes , the album is an incoherent mess , the aural equivalent of splashing paint at random on a canvas and calling it art . and as for `` surf 's up , '' the version on the album of the same name is better . and as for `` good vibrations , '' the lyrics have been changed -LRB- probably so mike love wo n't be able to claim royalties -RRB- and the new lyrics are flaccid . the wondermints are a wonderful band , and i 'm sure it was no small feat figuring out what brian wanted and following his rhythm and chord changes . this is complex music , for sure , but complex is not to be confused with `` genius . '' `` smile '' gets my lifetime award for greatest disparity between hype and actual product .
 Let 's forget the folklore for a moment -- the 37 years , the genius of Brian Wilson , the `` teenage symphony to God , '' the best record never made , all that -- and focus on the music itself . It 's unlistenable . A bunch of silly , goofy , `` songs , '' sung in funny voices and with lots of goofy background noises . This might be appealing to a toddler -- seriously , it sounds like something you might hear on Sesame Street -- but I do n't see the appeal to anyone over the age of 3 . In a lifetime of listening to music , there have been very , very few records that I could n't get through at least once . I do n't think I made it through the first 4 `` songs '' on this CD . Think of the worst CD you ever listened to . This is worse than that . Pure sonic agony .
 I listen to Endless Summer -LRB- great -RRB- all the time at the beach . Smile has ` Good Vibrations ' and little else .
 Some legends are a Pandora 's box ; better left uynopened than released , and SMILE is that kind of semi-stinker . As I ran through it for a third time , my wife stopped in and said , `` It is n't very good , is it ? '' No kidding ; Wilson trying to recreate the Beach Boy sound is both disappointing and a near-beer experience.I 've been waiting for SMILE for a few decades , and finding pieces of it on SMILEY SMILE and SURF 'S UP as well as other Beach Boy lps should keep Beach Boys fans happier than listening to the new Brian Wilson version . Is it me or does Brian Wilson sound like Bill Murray in Caddyshack ? Alas , this long-awaited holy grail is more like a filled spitoon.The album was not , and never will be a SGT. PEPPER , and rock revisionists want this to be something greater than it is . Heck , so do I , but after all of the legendary status that SMILE has carried for around forty years , the final project is , sadly , more destined for the cut-out bins.Save your $ 15 bucks .
 One word
 As a lifelong Beach Boys fan I had hoped SMILE would live up to the billing and hype of the reviewers ... was I wrong!I recall listening to many of these silly songs while in college in the early 70 's on the SMILEY SMILE ambum . Nothing profound here for sure . PET SOUNDS is the Beach Boys masterpiece that deserves all the adulation and hype one can bestow ... it is truly a brilliant symphony of youthful hopes , dreams , and emotions . Recently I 've gained a new appreciation for Dennis Wilson 's songs before his demise , perhaps as heartfelt and deep as any Beach Boy explored . Forever .
 Dude , this stuff sounds just like the `` Apple Venus , Vol .1 '' album by XTC . The same vocal style and harmonies and the acoustic guitars/orchestra accompaniement . If you already own Apple Venus there 's no need in buying this . Brian Wilson should change his name to ` Johnny Comelately ' .
 I think this album is a classic example of what drugs did to talented musicians like Brian Wilson , Elvis and John Lennon . Too bad Brian or some producer thinks this is good music . It 's really just a rehash of Holland with different words and almost all the same melody . Sorry I got sucked into this black hole of Minor Key Madness .
 Why offensive ? Just listening to Brian Wilson 's voice . This is blatantly not the voice of Brian Wilson that we all love . It is totally out of tune now and he sounds like a psycho . People who praise him are living in the past . I was just as interested to hear this as anyone else , but when ` our prayer ' started , I heard these out of tune vocals . It is truly hideous . He has a lisp and no tone left to that once beautiful voice . This project should have been left in the can .
 I saw a headline saying this was possibly a contender for the greatest rock album of all time so I bought it right away . I had seen the tail end of the documentary about the production and was amazed and happy to see Brian seemingly doing so well . My expectations were high I suppose but in all honesty I must say I found this album to be a sad disappointment . I must agree with a previous reviewer and say I find this to be a total hodge-podge of pieces of songs that probably should never have seen the light of day . The attempt to emulate `` Sgt. Pepper 's '' is unmistakeable but woefully inadequate . If it were n't so sad it would almost be funny . There are some beautiful moments but they are few and far between and I doubt I 'll even listen to it again anytime soon . Perhaps there are some things that are better left undone .
 These amazon.com reviews are astonishing , and help to explain why Brian Wilson `` completed '' SMiLE
 This self-indulgent exercise in musical flatulence gives dreck a bad name . Please do n't waste your money , perhaps you would gain greater joy from setting the money on fire ?
 I 've been a Beach Boys fan since the mid-1960s . Not a fanboy however . I was interested to finally hear this `` lost '' album and I consider the money spent on it to be wasted . The Good
 Okay . . if you are a Brian Wilson/Beach Boy fan of any note you will remember what Brian himself has said about the music he recorded for this album ... yet people are so jazzed to have something from this has-been they have totally forgotten all the other comments about why Smile could not have been released.Brian admitted within the last 5 years that even with bootlegs there is so much unreleased SMILE stuff that they could never to through it and put it together.Brian has admitted that the `` stuff '' that has been available for years pales by comparison with the stuff sill in the vaults.Yet ... -LRB- see where I am going yet -RRB- ... All the `` great '' B.Wil $ on did here ... was release newly recorded versions of songs that are mostly available -LRB- either on a boxed set or with a few bootleg exceptions -RRB- . Why?Brian 's creativity is done ... nice seeing him in concert granted . . but he is done . No problem . . so are many other `` greats '' - but to put this out as if he struggled to finish a masterpiece is a JOKE ! He just re-recorded the pieces that have been available for a while.Hopefully Brian Wil $ son is happy with this $ mile ! I am not !
 With expectations high I was let down big time.If all the sixties smile sessions sound so good , and I have many in my collection , why do the new renditions sound so shallow and fallow?There is very little essence or spirituality in this attempt to recreate youthfull imaginings . The essence of youthfull creativity can not be reinterprited in old age!The original Smile is 1966 Brian Wilson Magic !!! Smile -LRB- 2004 -RRB- is not 1966 ! Almost everything seems to be lacking credibility and drive on this new CD . If you are looking for the unrealeased 1966 Smilethen keep on looking for it it 's out there you just have to persevere .
 I 'm a huge fan of the Beach Boys and other artists of the sixties . I just listened to Smile and I 'm not smiling . I bought it because the glowing reviews I read . Wow ... What a mistake !!!!! This is possibly the worst album I 've ever heard . Smile sounds like a collection of very juvenile jam sessions . I 'm listening as I type this review and I keep waiting for Smile to get better , it does n't . Do yourself a favor and listen to the tracks before you buy .
 `` There 's a sucker born every minute '' - PT Barnum.No truer words ever uttered , and proven time after time throughout the history of humanity.The lastest example of a mass rip off is this work by a mongoloid on a hard landing from a bad acid trip.As with probably 99 % of all other listeners , I had great expectations for this album . After all , it was a `` lost masterpiece '' , among other accolades lauded on this Great American Gem . Whatever the premise or the idea behind this album is -LRB- the mind of a 9 year old , es explained by someone here -RRB- , even if you are told that this is a concept album or `` not a rock and roll record '' this album sounds like a bad attempt to imitate the B side of The Beatles ' `` Abbey Road '' in which fragments of songs segue into the next fragment-track . At least the Abbey Road tracks , whole or fragments , were enjoyable . None of these in `` Smile '' are . They are simply boring , bad songs that make no sense lyrically or musically . Since Brian Wilson obviously no respect for his audience , if you still feel you must own this album , either borrow it from your public library , copy it at home , or rip it to your ipod , or download it from whatever peer to peer application happens to be your favorite . Then take the $ 20 I just saved you and buy a Yoko Ono CD . Help the poor ! The lady needs the money ! It woould still make more sense than paying for this album . If you ever see a large number of used copies of an album for sale on Amazon , then take the hint and do n't buy it ! That many people ca n't possibly be wrong !!
 I READ ALL 500 + REVIEWS OF THIS CD AND THEN WENT OUT AND PURCHASED IT . THEN I LISTENED TO IT . IT IS NOT VERY GOOD . WHAT DOES THE BEST ALBUM OF 2004 GET YOU THESE DAYS ? THERE 'S NOTHING OUT THERE . GOOD MEANS GOOD IN ANY TYPE OF MUSIC . THIS IS NOT ONE OF THE TOP 1000 ALBUMS IN ROCK/POP EVER . TAKE ABBEY ROAD , WHICH SOME REVIEWER SAID SMILE IS BETTER THAN . YOU MEAN TO TELL ME THE 17 SONGS ON SMILE COMPARE TO THE 17 -LRB- HOW ABOUT THAT -RRB- ON ABBEY ROAD ??? IT DOES N'T MATTER THAT BRIAN 'S SINGING IS SAID TO HURT THIS . BRIAN IN 1966 COULD NOT HAVE HELPED THIS . I LOVE MANY SONGS BY BRIAN , BUT HE HAS N'T HAD AN ORIGINAL REALLY GOOD SONG SINCE `` IT 'S O.K. '' IN 1978 . COME ON PEOPLE ; FACE REALITY !
 If you need an over-hyped CD in your collection , you ca n't miss with Smile . I was excited to get it , until I played it . Thinking I must be in a bad mood that day , I waited a couple of days before playing it again . Same result . I played it a third time before giving up on it . This is excruciatingly bad . Not merely awful , but pathetic . I sold my copy in a yard sale and was relieved to gain back $ 2.50 of my `` investment . '' Only then did I Smile . Sheesh ...
 I gave this lost classic a listen after tons of great reviews and boy was I disappointed . I just do n't get it . It sounds like the ramblings or a schizophrenic . If I wanted that I would listen to Wesley Willis . I fail to see any genius in the material and I could n't bear to listen for long . Unless you are fan of Brian Wilson and the Beach Boys ... . stay away . Unless you like to be tortured by music .
 It is beyond my comprehension how anyone could consider this piece of unlistenable fluff anything but suitable for the trash bin . Apparently if you slap the name Brian Wilson on a blank CD some fan-addicts will consider it to be comparable to the discovery of the Holy Grail.The `` Our Prayer '' track seems to be a particular favorite of some of these Wilson-worshippers . What they seem to ignore is that the original version on the Beach Boys 20/20 LP is infinitely better . Brian Wilson is undoubtedly one of the greatest musical geniuses of all time but his time been over for years now . Let 's just sit back , enjoy the memories and the music and salute Brian for what he was .
 I had bought this hoping that it would of been just like the original `` Pet Sounds '' . I had also hoped that is was going to be as good as some of his soul albums . However , after sitting and trying to listen to this album while on a trip I realized a couple of things . This is a concept album and sounds similar to the concept albums of the late 60 's and early 70 's . Where artists were just expermiting with just sounds or words . The hardest thing to figure out when I was listening to this CD -LRB- and I did at least 4-5 times -RRB- was when one song ended and the other began . There were too many times as I listen to this that the whole CD sounds just like one song . The only ones that I could actually pick out from the rest where `` Heros and Villians '' and `` Good Vibrations '' . I am sure that there are good points to this CD . However , I think that I will stick with my Beach Boys Box set and imagine how good this could of been when all of the original band could of contributed to this record . Come to think of it this really is n't the Beach Boys `` Simile '' rather this is Brian Wilson 's take on what `` Simile '' would of been . I would only really recommend this to a die hard Brian Wilson or Progressive rock fan .
 Look up over-hyped in the dictionary and you 'll find a picture of the `` Smile '' album cover . C'mon . This is pretentious , over-produced fluff that verges at times on incoherence , and is far inferior to the more melodic Beach Boys pop-rock in which Brian Wilson 's weirdness was harnessed to the great power-wheel of rock 'n' roll , thus producing music that could actually make people smile . I 'm glad Brian Wilson 's got his life together or whatever , but still and all , I would not recommend this CD . You know the old fable about the emperor , who it turns out , was wearing no clothes . The clothes were an illusion . On this over-produced album , Brian Wilson is the emperor that is wearing TOO MANY clothes .
 I 'm a huge Beach Boys fan . Have been all my life . Huge Brian Wilson fan . Huge fan of the Smile songs from when Brian performed them 40 years ago . This CD is terrible simply because his singing , now , stinks . Brian 's voice is awful . I understand the circumstances . His voice is still awful . I 'll take `` Wonderful '' and `` Surf 's Up '' from 40 years ago any day . This CD got one listen , and now it 's ready to sell .
 After 500 + reviews I 'll pass on the history . My bottom line is that the sound is varied and interesting and the production is great . The problems are the songs - which are very weak . At their best , the lyrics are nonsensical , at their worst inane . Park 's lyrics are not poetry , but hashish induced rambling : `` I 'm in the great shape of the agriculture ! '' -LSB- from
 This is a cd that was promoted as the greatest album not released and THAT was the idea of a genius . The mystery ... Everybody followed that.I did follow that too , and now i have a cd that i like because of it 's packaging.that 's why it has 2 stars . nice packaging huh ? but i still feel that the music is silly . Sorry , i really respect Wilson , but this is a marketing masterpiece
 I 'd like to inject a note of reality into the lovefest surrounding this musical work . This is definitely not for the casual Beach Boys fan , such as myself . I found this to be completely forgettable once I had finished listening to it . It is in three movements and the songs in each movement flow into one another without break . Brian definitely does not have the musical chops he had in the 60 's . The songs are flat , tired and uninspired and even the remake of `` Good Vibrations '' lacks the energy of the previously released version . I can understand why this remained on the shelf for 35 years . This is solely a vanity project for Brian and those fans who think that everything he does is genius . If this is `` art '' then it 's on the same level as Jackson Pollock 's paint spatters . Not for everyone.It has been said that the Beatles were inspired by some of this material , but even at their weirdest the Beatles were far more musically interesting than this.I mean no offense to those who do appreciate this work , I 'm sure there are things I enjoy that others shake their heads at.I 'm just glad I checked this out from the library rather than plunking down $ 15 for a CD I 'll never listen to again . If you 're interested in hearing `` The Greatest Album Ever Released '' , I 'd suggest the library for you too . Then if you like it , you can buy it .
 My mother said to never criticize something you do n't understand.O.K. , I do n't understand.I 'll give this effort 5 stars for production , performance , effort and historical significance , and zero stars for personal entertainment value.I get more of a rush from Disneyland 's Main Street Parade score.Congratulations to Mr. Wilson for purging his demons and resurrecting this odd fossil . I 'm glad I could contribute 15 bucks to his therapy .
 I 've been waiting my entire life for Smile to be released . And when the long wait was over , it was n't the Beach Boys . How sad that Brian Wilson thinks that the Wondermints can equal or even surpass the sounds of the Beach Boys . All the yes men surrounding him seem to tell him that everything he does is Genius . But as the great bulk of his last few albums shows with out Mike Love and Al Jardine , he 's not really all that cool after all . Let 's face it , all of them were mediocre song writers and musicians , but when you added them together , the whole definately was greater than the sum of their parts . I 'm sad to see such a riff between Brian , Mike and Al. . And the Smile album while good , was definately not as good as Pet Sounds .
 What is this and why did I buy it ?? It 's zero star time .
 Please , Brian , retire and enjoy yourself . I know it 's tough . Between this nonsense and `` Getting In Over My Head '' , I 'd say it 's time for the dog track . If I did n't enjoy so much of your real stuff , I 'd ask you for the $ 30 back . In the words of your washed up contemporaries `` Who '' , we wo n't get fooled again . Where did all the loons that gave this CD five stars come from ? You people got ta get out and experience the new millenium .
 This may be one of those `` it was better off left on the shelf '' CD ` sI have and like most of Brian 's other works as well as the Beach Boy 's ... and this just does not cut it for me.You may , but not me . Sorry .
 I really wanted to like it ... But the music has no energy , this is not a very good sung album , the harmonies are n't bad but are n't really great either ... If you want to hear a mature perspective from the Beach Boys/Brian Wilson Work , try : - The Beach Boys - 1970-1986
 That was not the Brian Wilson CD I wanted , I do not like it ! I spent my money and you sent me the wrong CD .
 All those people who gave this CD 5 stars must have listened to the non-sucked version . I wish I could rate this CD with negative stars .
 There is good reason that only 2 songs from this album -LRB- Heroes and Villians , Good Vibrations -RRB- have surfaced over the years , the rest is disconnected junk . Brian Wilson may well be a genius , but this collection of `` songs '' demonstrate that he was also capable of sub-par work as well . Save your money and get a greatest hits package -LRB- there are several -RRB- and do n't be fooled into thinking that this is the `` greatest album that never was '' , it is NOT .
 I 've purchased and still have all of the Beach Boys original vinyl pressings from 1963 . Every single album . This gives you an very good idea how old I am . Despite the hype and expectations , this album never should have been released . Do n't get me wrong I 'm a big fan but this album would n't have worked even 37 years ago ; it is fragmented , boring , devoid of rhythm and pace . Brian Wilson 's gift has always been his production skills but even they do n't compensate this inherently flawed piece . Save your money .
 Was it pure coincidence or intent that the Jan 17 , 2005 cover of Time Magazine had a big smiling face smack in the middle and also ran a full page ad about Brian Wilsom 's `` Smile '' album?All I know is that I was a sucker for advertising and bought the album ... I greatly regret doing so . I am 55 years old , and have always enjoyed Brian Wilson and The Beach Boys . Naturally , having read about Brian Wilson 's unfinished project , I was really expecting something quite special . WRONG . This album is downright AWFUL . Dennis and Carl Wilson must be rolling over in their graves . Accolades calling it `` The Greatest Album Ever Made '' and comparisons to The Beatles ' `` Sgt Peppers '' album are not only laughable but insulting to the greatness of the Beatles , who REALLY HAD a great album . After listening to the first track I knew I was in trouble , but I kept an open mind thinking that `` Smile '' was going to get better ... it NEVER did . The subject matter is uninspired , the vocals are drowned out , and the album is nothing but a slapped together themeless mess . Seriously , the only person `` smiling '' is perhaps Brian Wilson on his way to the bank . No , he 's probably laughing out loud at all the idiots that were duped into buying this fiasco . A total waste of money . I 'll have trouble GIVING away `` Smile '' . This CD is better suited as a cheery little drink coaster , rather than a audio experience . You were warned readers !!
 This disk is just self indulgent junk - the lyrics make no sense and the music has no direction . Bad acid .
 In my opinion , the album -LRB- CD -RRB- titled `` SMILE '' should have been titled `` The Editing Room Floor '' . I am 52 years old and I have always been a big Beach Boys/Brian Wilson fan . I was so excited when this CD came out that bought it immediately . Unbelievable ! It was not what I expected and I was extremely disappointed . It is the worst CD that I ever heard from one of the greatest songwriters of all time .
 I hate to say it but this turkey is only a shade better than Captain Beefheart 's `` Trout Mask Replica '' . As I listened to the out-takes from this album I sat there with eyes wide-open , mouth agape , jaw dropped , and a stunned look on my pasty face , as I did when I first heard `` Trout '' . It reminded me of scenes in movies where the crowd ca n't believe what they are seeing , like the scene in the original movie `` The Producers '' when they show the crowd watching the play for the first time . 500 people all staring wide-eyed and frozen in place.Trust me , if it was great it would have been released 35 years ago , and I doubt another 35 years would have helped either . How freaking hard could it have been to put this nonsense together ? The freaking ooooooohhhhhhhoooooo ohhhhhhhhhhooooo ooooohhhhhoooooing alone will make you want to blow your brains out after two or three songs off this disc . You could edit out half of them and the album would still be a dead turd on arrival.The album earned it 's first star by starting off with a wonderful twist off a Gregorian Chant , and I love Gregorian Chants . But then comes the second song , which after starting out with some interesting instrumentation , is quickly ruined by the annoying oooohhhhhhhhoooooo oooooooohhhhhhhhhooooooooo ooooooohhhhhhhhhhoooooooooing which starts in . The next song will just about make you stick a gun in your mouth and blow your head off , but you ca n't do anything because it is at some point in this song you have become frozen into the dazed eye popping staring state I spoke of earlier . You definintely begin to immediately question why you ever liked The Beach Boys , and especially Brian Wilson . But no sooner than you think it ca n't get any worse comes the mother of all turds `` Barnyard '' . It epitomizes everything wrong with this album . Beware of any song that has the word `` chicken '' in it . I wo n't even point out specifics on this song but let you wade through it on your own and find them all yourself . You 'll enjoy it a lot more that way . You see , it 's very personal how one feels about music you know , and my words wo n't do this one justice . All I can tell you is that I instantly thought of the scene from the movie Animal House in which John Belushi -LRB- Bluto -RRB- rips the guitar out of the guys hands and smashes it to smithereens in a blind rage . I had to laugh at another reviewers comments that this song definitely makes you question Wilson 's sanity and is clear evidence he had certainly gone off his rocker at some point along the line . If you actually make it through `` Barnyard '' and do n't kill yourself , the next song will do it for sure . Thank God my wife stumbled upon me in time to pull the gun out of my mouth just before I pulled the trigger . But as the next song started I was forced to suddenly leap at her and try to tear it back out of her hands and pull it back toward my mouth . The background vocals sound like somebody tied a shoelace so tight around their sex organs it made them sing like sopranos . The fight for the gun continued furiously through `` Wonderful '' and I would have had it if her 280lb brother had not come in and conked me really good on the head . That enabled me to continue reviewing the album in a dazed and helpless state , with just a totally blank stare on my face and drool coming out of my gaping mouth . All I could think about was an interview I had once heard with the creator and voice behind Spongebob , and when asked how he had come up with the voice and the things Spongebob says , his response was that he had drawn from a couple of sources but primarily from the way Brian Wilson goes all out when he sings about things like the sun , flowers , the sky , or something like that . I tell you you will never be able to listen to Brian Wilson in the same way again when you realize he is the primary inspiration for Spongebob . But this song `` Wonderful '' almost goes as low as `` Barnyard '' , let me tell you . By now you know it can indeed get worse and I assure you it does . Rack up Song for Children , Child Is Father of the Man , Surf 's Up , I 'm In Great Shape , Vega-Tables , On A Holiday , Wind Chimes , all in a nice little row and all equally pointless , massively annoying , and utterly forgettable . The madness accelerates to an unprecedented level with Mrs. O'Leary 's Cow , which might have been kind of cool with it 's intense base , drums , guitars , and synthesizers or whatever the hell it is making all that sound , but it is destroyed by what sounds like an ambulance driving through a 1000 cats being strangled . In Blue Hawaii finishes the bad streak off with something that definitely reminds you of why you love some of the Beach Boys songs , and I was just about to give the album a second star for it -LRB- because anything this bad has got to be brilliant right ? -RRB- until Good Vibrations came on next , which is the ultimate insult given that it was an obvious attempt to make the listener -LRB- critics -RRB- finish the album with a nice thought in their mind . Good Vibrations is the best song the Beach Boys ever did by far and what it is doing on this album -LRB- and at the end of it no less -RRB- is extremely questionable.Maybe this thing is brilliant ? Who am I to say ? But I 'd rather flush $ 14.99 down the toilet than buy this turkey . This thing makes Pet Sounds look like The White Album , and you can read what I think about that turkey as well.Over and out -LRB- The Professor recommends
 Like many music crazed boomers , I have heard of the great unfinished/unreleased masterpiece that broke Brian Wilson 's spirit and led him into the dark , reclusive world of mental illness . Quite a story . Quite a myth . But the hero of this myth slowly gains his strength and not only resurfaces , but completely re-records his epoch work and releases it to his adoring public . Here the myth is shattered . When compared to the competitive masterpiece of Sergeant Pepper , Smile is unimpressive except for the three songs with which we were already familiar . The new portion of Smile is musically and lyrically simplistic and unworthy of even a fraction of the hype that accompanied it . I imagine Brian always knew this , but he preferred to reveal the truth himself , honestly , rather than have some record company do it posthumously . For that bravery , I give Brian my respect . But he always had that anyway .
 Specifically , I 'm smiling to keep from crying . I honestly expected a good time -LRB- and good vibrations -RRB- from this CD , in spite of the shameless , turned-to-11 media hype-athon that has accompanied its arrival into the bins . I thought I 'd love the songs . In retrospect , I 'm not sure why , since I never cared for the `` Smile '' tracks that were released on `` 20/20 '' and elsewhere . Just call me a victim of sales propaganda . It can happen to the most cynical among us.Of course , rock , like professional wrestling , ca n't operate without a story . And the story of `` Smile '' is told in painful , unsmiling detail by the jewel-case booklet , lest anyone come to the CD not fully briefed . We learn the `` cultural context '' of the music -LRB- Lyndon Johnson was president when Brian wrote these songs , for example -RRB- , and we are treated to carved-in-stone cliches re the combining of popular and classical music . And we 're even given an unintentionally ironic history of the '' ` Smile ' legend . '' Of course , in the context of hype , `` legend '' means `` history , '' and `` myth '' means `` fact . '' -LRB- I wonder what `` irony '' means in hype-ese ? -RRB- In fact , here are the facts , none of them happy ones . Most of the `` Smile '' songs can be picked out on a keyboard in a matter of seconds , in spite of the persistent myth that Wilson raised rock to a new level of complexity , that he redefined form in popular music . Nonsense . Dirt-simple chord changes preceded Wilson and the Beach Boys , as did meandering , go-nowhere harmonic progressions of a more `` advanced '' type . Nor did Brian originate the use of the augmented fifth -LRB- `` Mrs. O'Leary 's Cow '' -RRB- . Fact
 Some things are better left unheard , and this is probably one of those things . However , I feel that maybe Brian should 've released it in 1967 , and taken his chances . I mean he should 've realized what was happening up the road in San Francisco by now . It 's another new wave of music that 's trying to crowd him in ; when the Beatles invaded England in 64 Murray put pressure on him to wipe them out , and the end result after firing Murray as manager Brian himself would suffer a nervous breakdown while on tour . Well that retreated him into the studio , and he would release some of the most classic songs there , but now a new opponent up the road has put more pressure on him , so what does he do he chucks this project , and goes to bed . Who knows what would 've happened had the Beach Boys released this in 1967 ? It may had blown everybody 's mind , or it would 've bombed miserably . Well it 's 38 years later , and over the last 20 years I 've heard bits and pieces of this almost lost album . Of course everyone and thier brother has heard `` Good Vibrations '' , and `` Heros and Villians '' , but the only other pieces I 've heard were `` Mrs. Leary 's Cow '' -LRB- a.k.a. `` Fire '' -RRB- , and `` Surf 's Up '' which `` Surf 's Up '' is a very nice piece of work . There is another creative piece on here called `` Old Master Painter '' / `` You Are My Sunshine '' which really makes `` You Are My Sunshine '' no more a kiddie 's song with the version on here . However , the rest of this album is alot of sampling , and incomplete songwriting . In some ways if I was doped out on marijauna it may really be a work of art , but sober I just have to say again Some things are just left better unheard . A little side note . Do n't play `` Ms. Leary 's Cow '' while on Acid it 'll kill you . It 's about as bad as this one song I heard called `` Ghost Power '' done by a group in Lake Geneva , WI . called Cords Inc. . The music was hard and thrashing much to the dismay of the studio engineer , so he grabbed a chainsaw , and killed the members of the group . He would 've gotten away with it had he not left the tape rolling while doing so , and the tape was the evidence at his trial . True story , and just as scary as `` Ms. Leary 's Cow '' . So as the title goes `` What Am I To Do With This ? '' Seeing this from afar with 30 second samples I 'm leaving this alone .
 Disappointed is how I describe Brian Wilson 's long-awaited `` Masterpiece . '' This cd is such a rip-off . Brian allegedly went into a coupla decades of depression when his greatest production , `` Pet Sounds '' came out in the late 60 's . Pet Sounds is by far his very best . My advice is to buy Pet Sounds , along with `` Sounds of Summer , '' by the Boys from the Beach . Both cd 's sell for about $ 10 . The $ 14.99 I paid recently for `` Smile '' makes me frown . There is absolutely no single good track on the cd . Wilson sandwiches this cd with `` Heroes & Villains '' up front , and ends with `` Good Vibrations '' at the end . What is sad is that these two songs are already available on other Beach Boys ' cds , and done much better . `` Smile 's '' version does nothing close to the original versions of these songs.If you really want to wax nostalgic about the late 60 's , please allow me to suggest a few
 Let me put this first
 I read lofty reviews for this in year-end `` best ofs '' and after checking it out of a library -LRB- thank god I did n't spend money on it -RRB- I have to check in as one of the many here scratching their head asking why on earth this received so many plaudits from the music press . It 's a mess . I ca n't imagine anyone wanting to listen to this more than once . Several of the extended pieces will have you wishing you had a gun to kill yourself with as they are maddening . THIS is what the U.S. military should blare over loudspeakers next time it wants to depose one of its tinpot , puppet dictators out of their bunker because it is simply awful .
 People should listen to albums and not rely on what is `` Hip '' or what the `` Intellectual '' Community has to say about certain `` masterpieces '' . It is amazing to me that people take it on word that this album is genius work . Of course Brian Wilson has done some outstanding and timeless work , but that being said not every note he has written is brilliant . This album and its saga have become some sort of legend , its even been said that had it been released when originally written Sgt Pepper would have been eclipsed . I am so glad that I am not alone in being so overwhelmingly disappointed by this album . That people ever thought of bringing the Beatles into any form of comparison with this mess is mind boggling . I loved Pet Sounds and in fact all the Beach Boys stuff , But this is a disaster.A lost masterpiece ? I think not .
 The only thing that can explain why Brian Wilson 's Smile has garnered as much favorable press and hype is how bad the music industry has gotten and how we consumers long for period of musical creativity that was the late 60 's . Unfortunately , had this album been released then it would have been relegated to the bargain bin pretty quickly and long forgotten by now . This is not a good album , period . It 's a mediocre album that Wilson wisely shelved in the 60 's . Putting it out now smacks of crass commercialism.Vocally , Wilson has lost quite a bit from his Beach Boys days and musically this album sounds like a bad Broadway musical . I can actually imagine the actors running around on stage while listening to it . I suppose if you are a Beach Boys fanatic or Broadway musical fan this might be a good buy , but otherwise avoid it .
 This cd is not much more than Brian Wilson 's musical ramblings that seem to go on forever . As much as I like Brian Wilson I 'm glad I got this cd used and cheap . It 's awful .
 I 'm not necessarily a Beach Boys fan although I think Pet Sounds is a REALLY great album . I was kind of expecting more of something similar with Smile but that is not at all what 's there . The album consists mostly of some really silly music -- silly lyrics , silly sound effects , it almost seems to be an intentional mockery of itself . Not only is all the silliness a distraction , but the underlying music is n't any good either.A lot of people are writing comparing Smile to the Beatles 's Sergent Peppers and that comparison is not without some merit . Personally , it sounds to more like their White Album . That is , a collection of somewhat interwoven songs all pushing the boundaries of what a pop song could and/or should be . I like both of those albums a good bit . I 'll admit that upon reflection a lot of that Beatles material comes off as being silly too . It 's just different with Smile though . While those Beatles albums sounded interesting , fresh and original , Smile , just sounds contrived.Considering all the good press this album got when it came out , I am just plain stunned . I think many people were just so in love with the story of Brian and the album that they succumbed to a kind of mass mesmerization with regard to the music . Sadly , that music is just not worth a damn .
 Overindulgent , overorchestrated , overwrought , over it . This album is just confused with few songs of merit and a lot of tripe
 This is just a big , fat , pretentious bunch of bits and pieces . There are only 3 `` hummable '' songs on it , and I already have two . Brian Wilson is/was a master , no doubt . But this is not a good example . I 'll take the recording Holland -LRB- my favorite -RRB- anytime . The Beach Boys sum is definitely better than the sum of any of its parts . Too bad they ca n't get back together .
 For those people trying to relive the glory that Pet Sounds represented , along with the musical genius of Brian Wilson -- a genius that seemed not to have reached it 's full potential -- this is the album for you . Listen to it and wallow in the pits of your despair over what might have been and rejoice in the vague scraps of genius on Smile to fuel your nostalgia . But the truth of the matter is that this cd is lackluster . The liner notes describe the songs lyricist Van Dyke Parks as `` visonary . '' Well what was the guy looking at ? They 're abstract for sure , but not brilliant . Some of the lyrics -- such as the ones to Vega-tables -- are outright stupid . Wilson 's voice is also not what it was and the vocals on the album do not contain the clear , magnetic harmonies the Beach Boys were famous for . This album is drenched in what could have been . Looking at it beyond its historical context the album simply does n't cut it .
 As a long time Beach Boys fan who is in his 50 's , I was rooting for Brian Wilson to pull this off . Unfortunately , this is a very mediocre album and in places really grates on me . My wife made me take it out of the player in the car . `` Good Vibrations '' and `` Heroes and Villains '' realize the potential of the 60 's versions and shine as the albums best cuts . Most of the rest of the album is unlistenable . It is Pet Sounds progressing to the next level -LRB- not a good thing -RRB- and almost sounds like a Pink Floyd `` Dark Side of the Moon '' wan na be , only 35 years too late , and not as listenable .
 This album is horrible . It hurts me to type that because I grew up a big beach boys fan since I was in Nebraska . This really is a hard CD to make it through without wanting to get hit by a bus . It seems to go nowhere and I agree about the OOOOOHHHHHing throughout the whole freaking disc . I understand that the world has been waiting for Brian to get himself together and put this out for awhile , but it is just bad . I understand what he 's trying to say , but he 's too annoying trying to say it . It 's like Dumler , you try not to be mean but you can only take so much of it . We had a beach boys cover band in Gretna called the Sand Studs . We covered Beach Boys songs and wrote our own originals about surfer girls , cake and armpits . We wore hawaiian shirts and parachute pants with monocles . Our unfinished work was called `` Frown because you are a loser '' . We played melodies that were slow and boring while yelling like Bo Pelini . It was designed to make you hate yourself and trust me , if Bo yelled at you , you did n't have a good self image because he 's a freak . So please avoid this because it blows .
 I bought the `` SMiLE '' album because I loved the sound clip of `` Our Prayer '' - a cool , a capella chord progression that sounded like the Beach Boys studied Josquin Des Pres at Julliard . Sophisticated , ethereal , different.The rest of the album was a lot like Dana Carvey 's `` I 'm Chopping Broccoli '' routine . Any noun was an acceptible topic for a song - the wind chime . The veggies in my garden . Chickens clucking in the barnyard . Halfway through the album , my brow wrinkled like a dog trying to understand , I began to wonder if this was a continuous narrative - an opera , and I had just missed the plot , the characters , the themes.Smarter musical brains than mine will no doubt see a handsome tapestry - but all I saw was a tangled and dusty knot of yarn in a little-used corner . The harmonies were lush and lovely , but the songs seemed disjointed and unhinged . If * I * were Brian Wilson , I 'd sneak on to Amazon late at night to see what people thought of my album , and I 'd be hurt if I read a review like this - for which I 'm sorry . I like Brian Wilson , and fully admit my musical tastes are pretty pedestrian .
 I am a huge Brian Wilson fan . I love what he has done and respect him very much.Putting aside all this folklore and history assocaited with the album , this record is just ok . I used to listen to it thinking it was so good . Having heard the old soundbites and seeing Brian in concert . I slowly stopped listening to it . Then I decided to pop it in recently and I was very surpised to find that I really didnt want to hear any of the songs . I find them very silly and goofy , they dont need a girl singing on the album , and the vocals arent great .
 Really ? This took 40 + years ? Ok for all you fans/collectors , but I found this just odd and lame . There are some nice moments , which I kept hoping would develop into something , but was disappointed every time . The reworked version of Good Vibrations at the end just highlighted , for me , how the rest of the effort does n't live up to its potential . There is a lot of hyperbole in some of these reviews - rather than being swayed by them I strongly suggest you give this a listen before you buy it .
 Greatest album that never was ; years ahead of its time ; historic blah blah blah !!!! Okay , let 's get real . Hearing sheep in 1967 might have been revolutionary , but not now . Listening to Smile is like finding a 1962 Porsche in your grandfather 's garage . Yeath , it looks good and causes one to get nostalgic , but at the end of the day , it is not as good as the cars of today.I have seen many top 10 lists for last year . Smile is on all of them . I ca n't help but feel that the criteria for Smile was different than other contemporary discs . The only top 10 list I would put Smile on is the one created in 1994 for 1967 , but not 1994 . It is interesting to listen to , but it is not one of the discs I am dying to play when I get the chance . While some of the tunes hold their own -LRB- Heroes and Villains -RRB- most of it sounds dated . The other thing that chaps my hide is that we seem to build in some extra deference because it is Brian Wilson -LRB- i.e. , everything he has gone through -RRB- . That would be relevant if the music sounded great for the year it was released , but that is not the case here.Here 's the real litmus test . Ask yourself how you would react to Smile if it was released in 1994 and this was the 1st CD of an artist you never heard . Would it really be on your top 10 ? ... I thought so .
 I bought this CD expecting some lost gems . Sorry Brian Wilson lovers and Beach Boy lovers ... too late . Brian 's heyday was in his teens . His doctor can not resurrect his lost , destroyed talent .
 Smile is a nice CD . Many of us who have heard the countless bootleg compilations have wondered what the real finished music would sound like . And it 's great to hear Brian recording and out touring . Unfortunately , this Smile sounds , and really is , a cover band doing Beach Boys doing Smile.A lot of Beach Boy fans , myself included , have often dreamed that Brian Wilson would cull together all of the Smile material that the Beach Boys recorded and all of the material that they did n't finish , get the remaining Beach Boys together and complete the project . But we all know the reason why this would never be . In two words , MIKE LOVE . As Brian puts it , Mike hated Smile and convinced the other members of the Beach Boys that it was not right for them . It was that rejection that drove Brian over the edge he was already teetering on . I 'm sure that resentment lingers in Brian Wilson.The sad fact is that unless Brian eventually completes the actual Beach Boys Smile , you can bet the house that with his eventual passing the record company will .
 Even though I 'm only a marginal Beach Boys fan , I ran out and bought this album based on the hype -- incredibly disappointing . If it was released in 1967 it might have had the advantage of being something new , but in 2004 -- It is so inferior to Sgt. Pepper , Magical Mystery Tour , and countless other music in the almost 40 years since -LRB- even Freddy Mercury is rolling over in his grave -RRB- -- all in all , self indulgent nonsense .
 I went to CDNOW to get an idea of how this CD is before I bought it . That will be the last time I beleive any of you . This is very close to the worst CD I have ever bought . I 'm still trying to figure out a way to return it and get my money back . the only highlights to this CD are , # 1 some of the music is great -LRB- Heros & villians is a stand out track -RRB- # 2 the Beach Boys sound alike vocals are good . My problem is the lyrics . They sound like they should be tracks on a childrens show -LRB- Roll Roll Plymouth Rock , Barnyard & Workshop to name a few -RRB- . In closing , Do n't beleive the reveiws you read here . Borrow the CD before you buy it . You 'll thank me .
 It 's clear our dear old friend Brian just does n't have it any more.I am among the first to applaud a unique artistic effort but this one should have been left on the shelf.This is a self-indulgent collection of meaningless noise and perhaps a sad conclusion to a once brilliant songwriters career.These are not songs , they are sequential dabs of disconnected sounds , some of them pretty sounds , but certainly not music . Certainly not entertaining . Even the seminal ` Good Vibrations ' has had the vanilla treatment here.Music at the very least , is something you can recall after you hear it .
 If you are like most people and do n't know what to make of Pet Sounds , stay away from Smile ! It 's just more of the same only worse . Pet Sounds was the most overrated album of all time until this thing crawled out of it 's crypt to bore future generations . Of course Wilson is considered a Genius so the critics are raving about Smile , but the truth is the Emperor has no clothes ! It 's just pointless , weird and stupid not to mention really dull !!!
 All of us can thank God for something . I thank God that I did not spend any money for this cacophony of babel.The song clips provides great laughter at the office . We can not believe how horrible this crapball of CD this is . No wonder Mike Love was bitterly opposed to Smile . He probably envisioned himself on stage trying to sing that toilet of song `` barnyard '' . I wish I could get negative stars to cancel out some of you -LSB- ... -RSB- who claim that this CD does n't suck .
 I gave Smile two stars only because of the killer version of `` Good Vibrations '' on the last track . But what the heck was the rest of that mess all about ? `` Modular recording '' , `` all the instruments in one room , whatever . You ca n't tell where one song ends and the next picks up . Most of it sounds like an old `` oompa band '' . If you think you 're going to get a Beach Boys-revival-only-better , forget it . There are no crisp keyboards and guitars , no clean tracks , just an incoherent mess . And , do n't even get me started on the lyrics . `` Veg-a-tables '' ? Another reviewer said `` imagine if the Beatles never released St.Pepper , then did it in 2004 , only better '' . Well , the difference is , St. Pepper was a masterpiece . The best you can say about Smile is that is certainly is experimental . Only it 's like the high school volcano experiment that never goes off . It 's a dud . If Brian Wilson had n't written it in 1967 , I 'd say it 's a real reflection of his mental state , sad to say . I had never heard of the `` legend of Smile '' and I 'm glad . If I had waited 37 years for this , I 'd be feeling really let down instead only feeling like I threw money away.Please preview this album before you buy it . I wish I had.Next stop , finding out how to sell used CD 's on Amazon ...
 Brian Wilson comes from the town where I live , so that 's nice . In fact , I met him a few times , and I have to say , he 's down with the streets . But I prefer it when he takes the time to , you know , RAP . I mean , he did n't call himself ` MC Beatlessuck ' for nothing . Here he sounds like an old dude trying to make a pop album , which is totally not the homie that I 'm familiar with . Here 's hoping he gets back on the chronic , G.
 Admittedly I 'm not the biggest Beach Boys fan , but I 'm writing for those of you on the fence . I read someplace this recording should be considered in contention for the greatest album of all time -LRB- we 'll for me not so much -RRB- . If your a Beach Boys fan you 'll love it , but if not and are curious it will be the addition to your music collection you wish you had n't made . Your better off buying `` Pet Sounds '' better yet find a used copy . The songs are bit lacking . I mean that at least for me there 's not a showstopper in the bunch , except for `` Good Vibrations '' -LRB- which was already one of there greatest hits . -RRB- I think with out a doubt if this album had actually been released in 67 ' like it was supposed to . The Beach Boys would not be nearly as popular as they are today ... If you need a reminder or yester-year I 'd recommend John Lennon 's `` Acoustic '' . That collection of tunes will bring a tear to you eyes , for the loss of who was the `` true '' greatest .
 Some good fragments , to be sure . But that old Brian Wilson magic -- that mix of haunting and exuberant , that swirl of youth and summer -- is mostly absent . Parks ' lyrics are a match . There are few bits of genius , and you can see he was reaching for something epic -- but he never quite gets us there
 Unfortunately the lowest grade , here , is one star , so I am forced to highly overrate this childish `` music '' . I gave it , therefore , one star , when in reality it deserves nothing more than a plain 0 -LRB- zero -RRB- . Biggest crap I ever heard in my life .
 I can not believe the raves about this album . I bought it as I thought that there might be some integrity to the ratings . I would not be surprised to hear that Brian Wilson 's family , friends and everyone at the record company wrote the good things about this album . It stinks ! The only two bright spots were the reworked -LRB- not for the better -RRB- versions of Heroes and Villains , and Good Vibrations . Any song writing talent Brian Wilson once had is long gone . I want my money back .
 Oh dear , what a disappointment . After all the hype , this mish mash.I was a Beach Boys fan from the start and believe they hit their peak with Good Vibrations and Heroes and Villains . Yet these versions do not hit the heights of the ` originals ' just as the various other takes which have appeared over the years do n't make it . They have little of the smoothness and full rounded soundAs for the change of words on Good Vibrations - how can anyone think they are an improvement ? One of the great lines ` the way the sunlight shines upon her hair ' has gone to be replaced by ` she 's already working on my brain ' - and there are other examples . I guess Mike Love - he 's been airbrushed out of history - wrote the originals so they had to go . How I long for his contribution along with those of Al Jardine , Bruce Johnston , -LRB- and of course Carl and Dennis -RRB- - Brains ' voice was never his greatest asset -LRB- though of course to dare to criticise Him in any way is heresy -RRB- and here his inadequacies in that direction show up badly.There are a couple of interesting new musical phrases here and there , such as a coda on Heroes and Villains , but together they do not add up to much . And as for the new ` insert ' in the middle of Heroes and Villains - what IS it doing there ? It has no connection to the rest of the song at all . I thought I had some sort of mis-pressed copy , but no , there are the words in the booklet.I think there is a touch of the Emperor 's clothes in the uncritical acclaim this record has received
 I would n't normally write a negative review of a musical work because what 's noise to me may be inspiring to someone else . But in this case I feel like I 've been duped by a brilliant marketing scheme . I 'm annoyed I spent $ 15 on this drivel and embarassed I gave it as Christmas gift .
 It 's hard to understand the raves for this piece of `` art '' , unlessthere are THAT many middle-aged Brian Wilson fanatics who justdo n't get out much . The songs you already know are the bestthings here -- Heroes & Villains , Surf 's Up , Good Vibrations . Theyare performed well , but not as good as the originals . They remind me of nothing so much as those re-recordings of songsfrom the 60 's & 70 's that are redone by the original singers fora budget compilation . The rest is all just noodling , songfragments , -LRB- admittedly nice -RRB- harmonies , and endless `` groovy `` sound effects that probably were daring back in ' 67 . But comeon , many of these reviews are laughable . Genius ? The bestthing ever recorded , EVER ? Have these people not been exposedto any other music but the five zillion Beach Boys bootlegsfloating around out there ? What about the Beatles , BillieHoliday , Ella Fitzgerald , Dylan , Duke Ellington , Stevie Wonder , Prince , Miles Davis , Hank Williams ? There are hundreds ofrecordings that come closer to `` genius '' -LRB- although that word isso overused -RRB- than this trifle ever will ! Pet Sounds is 100times better ! Brian , take your pail and shovel and go back tothe sandbox !!!
 I just do n't get this record . I picked it up used two days ago for $ 3.95 so I knew I was n't risking much . Someone had a copy of it at work when it came out in 2004 and I heard it just one time . I did n't like it then and on hearing it all the way through again yesterday I still do n't like it . It 's either
 First of all , I see that , for whatever reason , only favorable reviews of this album get rated as `` helpful '' by most readers . Not sure why that should be ; I sure wish I had paid attention to some of the less enthusiastic reviews before buying this album.In a nutshell , I expected -LRB- or at least hoped for -RRB- catchy , focused pop tunes from the writer of some of the catchiest pop tunes in history . From a structural point of view , this CD has more in common with a classical symphony in that it -LRB- mostly -RRB- segues unpredictably from one theme to another without the verse-chorus-verse-chorus-bridge we expect of pop tunes . I would be tempted to compare with it with a rock concept album like Jethro Tull 's `` Thick as a Brick '' except that `` rock '' would be misleading as a description of the style.On first listen , it does rather little for me from a musical point of view . Maybe it will grow on me if I can bring myself to play it again . The main point of this review is n't to denigrate the music per se but simply to alert other readers to try to give it a listen before buying it . . it might not be what you were expecting .
 Atomic Rooster was capable of some good work -LRB- Death Walks Behind You and On The Hearing Of -RRB- , but this is n't it . For starters , the sound quality is abysmal . The guitar parts are largely undermixed and sound like Du Cann was playing in the building next door . The drumming sounds all muddy . Part of this may be due to the fact that the Marquee is a relatively small venue and they were probably playing at maximum volume . Vincent Crane 's usually heavy Hammond chops are totally uninspired , perhaps a consequence of his knowing that the best years of the band were behind him . Du Cann 's vocals are terrible , consisting largely of unintelligible screaming that would be better reserved for some speed metal band in the 90s . This CD is solely the province of die-hard Rooster fans , of which the reviewers preceding this one must undoubtedly be . Caveat Emptor !
 I 'm writing this primarily to correct a mistake in the preceding review
 Guys i love Anathema but not in their first albums . They are so depressing - dont hear this kind of music . Its not fun .
 Anathema , along with several others in the early to mid 90 's helped defined the sound for doom metal . This album only touches the surface of the doom metal scene . The overall feel of the album -LRB- by about song 5 or 6 -RRB- is boring . There are some songs that are definitely worth the listen such as `` Sweet Tears '' . The album starts off fairly strong and quickly lapses into a boring repetition of the exact same melodies over and over again . If Anathema had been able to keep some of the energy of the earlier songs throughout this would have probably rated higher , but with the last half -LRB- at least -RRB- of the album being unbearable it will have to remain at 2 stars .
 For the most part , this album is one droning song after the next . The instrumentation is dull and repetitive , the vocals much the same . There are a few exceptions , the reasons I kept the album in my collection
 Clocking at near 70 minutes , I challenge anyone who listens to this album to stay awake for `` serenade 's '' entire duration . can anyone do it ? I really do n't think so.I can not believe Anathema had the nerve to call Darren a `` vocalist '' , because all I heard was moaning ... . and THAT was n't even in key !!! Yes , there are 2 or 3 decent tracks on here ... `` Sleepless '' and the two that feature acoustics and female vox ... Buy `` alternative 4 '' or `` judgement ''
 This has destroyed my dreamz . 4 the last couple of years I 've refused 2 believe that ` Pac is dead but after listening 2 this I believe that he must B. ` Pac would never put his approval 2 something like this . Trapp is just killing everything that ` Pac built in his short life . Stop ripping off the fans and release some real stuff . I think Trapp knows that the only way he can make sales is 2 promise the fans some ` Pac . They buy it and have 2 her Trapp being barely audible throughout . Trapp - U R not the rapper U make out so unless U R gon na do ` Pac justice , give it up .
 I bought it expexting to hear some reaL STUFF but it was just a disaster , at least some of 2pac 's songs were better . Trapp is ... I do n't know how to put this , but I think he should look for another career , maybe try cooking . I do n't encourage anyone to buy these cd cause even the real rappers are no longer alive , maybe he 's -LRB- trapp -RRB- also a ghost . I bet I 'm very much better that he is .
 Truth be told , there are about 2 cuts from 2pac that are tight , 2 tight Biggie tracks , and everything else is wack . So , depending on how bad you wan na hear Pac , choose wisely . You 'd be better off buying a bootleg Makavelli .
 This album is a true dissa pointment to all that love to hear the sounds of the Notorious one and Killer apacolpyse . an album that was suppose to feature biggie and Tupac is basically debuing a still unknown artist named Trapp . To all the true hip hop heads out there , Trapp is on the lower end of the totem pole in Ryming . His lyrics -LRB- skills -RRB- are weak . It shows that Trapp hasnt come out with another album . Two songs that might be enjoyaable to anyone into hip hop or rap is the couple of cuts by Biggie , both entitled `` Real N * ggas '' These are both up beast and I belive congs that need to be on one of previous albums . The tupac tracks on the album arent spectacular . As someone who promoted Thug Life and everything , the songs on this album seem to goody goddy for Tupac . the one '' hard '' song that Tupac has on the album , entitled `` Die slow '' , is a song promting people to hate and almost want to kill Biggie and Bad Boy entertainment . An example of the lines in this song are '' Die/Die slow Biggie , Die / Die Slow Puffy , Die / Die slow Jigga . lastly , the Biggie and Tupac Concert that Ny 's own funkmaster Flex plays at 10 oclock on the Flavor Mix on Hot 97 is on this album . However , what the producers tried to do with this cut is make it sing songy again . The concert is an amazing concert especially when Tupac and Biggie get down on the mioke together . However , a `` jacked-up '' beat destroys it . For all wanting to find old stuff of Biggie and Tupac , by a gratest hit from there labels like Bad Boy entertainment or Amuru/Jive Records . Dont waste you money on this filth . It is a waste of 20 dollars .
 I was really disapointed with this cd . I thought that it was going to be some unreleased tracks . When I listened to it it was n't anything but club music with no lyrics . If you like Biggie and 2Pac like I do then stay away from this cd because you wo n't hear them on this cd .
 Man ! I picked up the CD and listened to it on my way home and found a few songs like `` Die Slow '' and `` Let 's be friends '' and I liked it . Although it 's a decent CD . I 'd have to rate it as 2 stars . I 'd much rather wan na pick up `` Thug Life Vol . 1 '' then this one .
 I 'm rating this CD 1 star simply because it 's a commercial Ripoff bij Trapp . He gets his hands on 2pac and Biggie material , releases it under different names , and now Trapp is the one who 's getti n'the cash . The music itself is ok . 2pac 's songs are the best , i have to say .
 I have never gotten tired of The Fleetwoods and have listened to them for 35 years . This CD is such a poor quality ... . The producers , `` VanMeter Recording '' , give a big spiel on how the power of their music is lost in the early years of Stereo . Therefore , to preserve this `` power '' , they recorded all 12 tunes in Mono and give you a remix of 3 of the tunes in Stereo . However , their own Mono recording is so full of pops and crackles the clearest ones are those in stereo . The sound is not recorded evenly for volume either . I am very disappointed and would have opted for a remix had I known this . -LRB- By the way , Mr Blue is not one of the remixes even though it is the lead song and title of the CD . -RRB-
 This Product was even beyond my expectation . The first phrase clearly represents my view of the company
 This DVD was better than the 1st one that I purchased -LSB- Diary of Alicia Keys-Documentary , this was a real waste of my money -RSB- , she is at least singing in this one ! The product is not MTV material , it lacks a certain something , I felt that there was something missing in watching this DVD . It could be my fault because I was expecting the DVD to match the quality of her music.Why can she not make a home version of a DVD that are played on MTV , they look and feel so much better than this DVD was . Unless I have a guest over who likes her , I will achieve the DVD because it is not worth watching again.One day I hope to purchase a DVD from her that has that certain something where the DVD is really unplugged !
 Very unhappy with this product . Will only play on my computer . I will not purchase videos again .
 I ca n't beleive these bands participated in this horrible tribute to skinny puppy . They took some of their greatest songs and mangled them terribly . You will be disappointed and saddened .
 I do n't know who half of these bands are , nor do I care after listening to their `` remixes '' . This sounds like a MuchDance 95 CD . Skinny Puppy is just NOT a dance band , sorry . The only person who seemed to put any effort into their remix was Rhys . Ironically , he was the LAST person I expected to put any originality into a remix !! Skinny Puppy deserved better than this garbage !
 Here are some notes before I begin unmercifully bashing this album
 that the Editorial review refers to SP as defunct ? Someone needs to be educated .
 I only truly like one song on this horrible Cd , and thats Chris Vrenna 's Assimilate , which is probably as good as the original . All the other songs are horrible , even Ogre 's remake of Smothered Hope ! Censor is turned into a song that is almost a rap song , I almost cried it was so bad . And the Deftones ruin one of the greatest Puppy songs . Do not buy this if you are one of the Puppy People .
 Almsot every track on this is butchered beyond recognition . I like good remixes . These are n't good remixes . Worlock -LCB- ed -RCB- off of The Singles Collect was a good remix . Killing Game -LRB- Bent Mix -RRB- is five minutes of noise . None of the remixes are anywhere close to as good as the originals . The only two remixes on this album I like are Ogre and Mark Walk 's Smothered Hope remix and Guenter Schulz 's Addiction -LRB- Opium -RRB- mix . Skinny Puppy is one of my favorite bands , but it just hurts to listen to this album . I would steer clear of this and get ANY other Skinny Puppy album . The only reason to get this is if you have all the other Skinny Puppy albums and just want this one to complete your collection .
 I 've listened to it several times through and I just do n't get it . Maybe I 'm just too old skool , but the album as a whole does not have a consistent flow or mood , and there are really not even any stand out tracks . A disapointment . . I wish S.P. had not put their name on it as it cheapens their own body of work .
 They have some promise but too much inconsistency . I 've seen them live and was n't too impressed . The San Diego local hit of ` Catch My Breath ' is really all this is worth . As for being the best band to come from San Diego area as one reviewer noted , I do n't think so ! Bands such as Superunloader , Steve Poltz , Wise Monkey Orchestra , Mower , P.O.D. and Unwritten Law -LRB- to name more than a few -RRB- , although very different from one another , sound much much better than this . Maybe a few years from now I 'll eat my words but for now I would n't bet on it .
 What a disappointment ! I gave it several listens then finally cut my losses and traded it in . There were several tracks that grabbed me on his previous solo efforts , but nary a one this time out . If you want to hear some `` Dire Straits '' sounding guitar licks , pick up Tony Joe White 's `` Heroines '' or `` Snakey . ''
 If this a relaxed album from the guitar master , -- well , the `` master '' must have got the recording date wrong , this is very boring , almost sing-song in places , almost as bad as some of the junk the `` BOSS '' puts out these days , save your money .
 For about 20 years now MK has been my favorite song-writer and guitar player . However , since the nothing hillbillies album i have been witnessing his `` dire straits '' soul fade away as he introduced the `` American '' twist into his music . To demonstrate the change let me use a synonym
 If you like Bob Dylan , or Johnny Cash maybe even Willie Nelson then by all means pick up this album.For those people who like progessive Rock and Get chills from songs like Telegraph Road or maybe The Music for Montserrat and the full orch for Brothers in Arms you find the album uninpired and one dimentional . I gave it my three listens and am going to see him Live in Chicago tonight . I hope that the live show gives me a new impression of the album but I think not.Its not like I do not realize you need to listen to albums more than twice to get into them . Well the two copies I got with my concert tickets and the one I bought will all be up for sale soon .
 Well , I 'm a huge fan of Mark and I have a couple of copies of this album on CD , so I was really looking forward to hearing the DVD audio version . I know this to be a very well recorded album . Imagine my surprise when I heard the lead vocal in panned fully into the center channel and clearly too hot on a couple of tracks and , therefore , causing audible clipping in the associated DA converters in both my home and car players . It 's not a problem with every track so I 'm wondering whether the mixes were all done by the same person or this was done ad hoc to take advantage of the audiophile segment of Marks ' fan base . The experience has been disappointing to say the least .
 Ca n't say enough about this album . I got it as traditional CD several months ago , and it is , by far , the best music I 've bought all year . Due the sparse selection of DVD-A , I was thrilled to see it offered here in this format . The positive reviews on the mix were even more encouraging . I 've got a dedicated DVD-Audio player run through a Pioneer 135 watts per channel amp running Klipsh KG 5.5 mains and comperable center , surrounds and sub . - Not a totally high-end system , but it 'll hold its own.I have to say that I was disapointed when I heard the album for one reason
 I have been a huge fan of Mark Knopfler and Dire Straits since the late 1970 's and this , in my opinion , is perhaps the worst thing he has ever put out . The entire cd -LRB- with the exception of `` Boom , Like That '' -RRB- is mellow to the point of it being boring , with no sign of Knopfler 's signature guitar work . I bought this cd based on the Amazon review that said this was Knopfler 's `` most rocking album since his days in Dire Straits '' . What were they listening to ? This is untrue and misleading . I would give anything for new material that even comes close to songs such as `` Telegraph Road '' , `` Tunnel Of Love '' , or even `` Once Upon A Time In The West '' . Maybe Knopfler is just getting to old to really rock anymore .
 Loved Dire Straits , I was very much looking forward to this album . Hate it , it plods and there 's a dearth of interesting guitar work . The second-worse album in my entire collection ! Bad enough to have kept me from buying any current original album for two years.If you 're still interest in Mark Knopfler solo , try the Dire Strait/Mark Knopfler `` Private Investigation '' - the second of the two discs is all Mark Knopfler , and a lot more interesting than this dud , although I 'm still not a fan . Better yet is the first disc - classic Dire Straits !
 I really did n't pay much attention to Knopfler between his Dire Straits heyday and the 21st century . But I bought `` Ragpicker 's Dream '' on a lark two years ago , and thought it was fabulous . There were four or five instantly memorable songs that just jumped off the CD . Sorry I ca n't say the same for this one . The pacing is slow , the writing is mediocre , and the guitar work does n't make you go `` wow . '' Maybe Mark should wait a little longer than two years for the next album . This one is likely headed for oblivion .
 The music of Mark Knopfler has always been most interesting for the lead guitar . More so than for almost any other musician , it has always almost seemed that he was doing a duet with his guitar , and often times the guitar tells as much of the story of the song as do the lyrics . But , sadly , that is for the most part missing from this album . Many of the songs on this album are `` nice , '' but -LRB- except for a few short passages -RRB- I get the sense that he is holding back with the lead guitar , and it is relegated to the supporting role of providing melody rather than the prominence of his most-loved songs . I just kept waiting for him to break out with his well-known guitar solos on so many songs , but they just did not come , and the listener is left feeling that something was missing . And without that lead guitar taking off , these are just a bunch of regular old songs without anything much special .
 A few really good songs . Several boring ones . That seems to be Mark 's way these days .
 I 'm a HUGE Knopfler fan , I own almost everything he 's put out but I wish I had n't bought this album . While I respect his `` I do n't have anything to prove '' approach to his guitar solos on his past few albums I felt that this one was lacking too much in the area of guitar playing . He 's trying to be a singer/songwriter on this one , and while he 's good enough in that respect , he is first and foremost a GUITAR GOD and his work should reflect this.As for the songs themselves only a few were able to really grab me . `` Postcards '' , `` Donegan 's Gone and Do n't Crash the Ambulance '' were the best ; `` Back to Tupelo '' , `` Whoop de Doo '' , `` Sucker Row '' , `` All That Matters '' and `` Stand up Guy '' were all right ; and the rest of the album did n't really do it for me . I did n't like `` Boom , Like That '' because of the subject - who writes a song about McDonalds ??? BORING . Although I will give him credit for originality.I 'm sure the long-time fans will get something from this album , but if you 're new to Knopfler 's solo career pick up `` Golden Heart '' first . This is a far cry from the Dire Straits days . -LRB- Edit -RRB- in response to Drew Vics ' review
 Why does the best guitar player in the world and one of the worst vocalists continue to produce this kind of drivel ? This guy could produce the all time best instrumental guitar album if he wanted to but instead we get this kind of junk . There are n't even enough break out guitar riffs to justify listening to this thing twice . I put my copy of Shagri La in the trash.The reviewer who called this a ` Rocking ' album must not have listened to it .
 Received burned copy of the cd with obvious fake artwork on cd and jewel case . CD works fine , but definitely expected the real deal .
 Boom Like That is the only good song on this poor made CD ! DireStraits are way better !!!
 Someone gave me this one as a gift knowing how big a fan I am of Mark Knapfler . I am a fan , Sailing to Philadelphia is still one of my favorite CD 's and when I heard there was a sequel I of course wanted it.This is n't the sequel and it 's not what I wanted . This is one of the most boring albums I have ever heard . If it were n't for the distinctive voice and guitar I would n't have believed it was Knopfler . What a disappointment.I tried , I really did . I listened to it three times but it 's no use . It 's times like this you really wish you could return music . You get a better idea of why some people steal it so often , at least you do n't get ripped off!If you are a Knopfler fan stay away !
 without dire straits , mark knopfler does n't do a very good job.he did 4 great songs without dire straits , they are imelda fromgolden heart , what it is from sailing to philadelphia , coyote from the ragpicker 's dream , and boom like that from this albumshangri la . but people do n't have to listen to your latest trickfor some reason because it is so god damn slow and the saxophoneis really terrible ! haha ! anyway , buy this album along with onevery street or making movies today because heavy fuel , skateawayand expresso love rock !!!!!
 Knopfler has once again fallen far short of the promise inherent in those long ago days of Dire Straits . Perhaps he is attempting to be Mr. Atkins reincarnate , but if that is the case then he should buy the white shoes and move to Florida . Simply put , a terrible album with little to recommend it .
 Sorry Mark , I 'm a big fan of your guitar style , but this CD isoften boring , if not depressing . I ca n't understand the tone , it was recorded in California , the land of sun and fun . I hadtrouble getting through the bonus DVD
 I 'm a little troubled by most of the reviews that I 've seen for Groundation . It seems that all of these `` real reggae fans '' have overlooked the fact that this album is average at best . Bob , Steel Pulse , Midnite , Luciano , Don Carlos , we could go on forever , there is just too much GOOD reggae out there . Unfortunately `` We Free Again '' and everything else I 've heard from Groundation just does not live up to the hype you 'll see here in these reviews . Seriously , even John Brown 's Body is better . Check out Midnite 's RAS MEK PEACE if you want to hear some REAL reggae . I mean if you like Groundation , you 'll wet your pants when you hear Midnite.if you want `` the real thing . ''
 The DVD arrived in good shape , but it wo n't play in our region . They offered to take it back , but what a pain . Beware of ordering DVDs from Europe .
 For a long time I avoided buying this DVD , fearing that it would be like the football stadium Aidas that you see here and there
 I saw this performance in Bejing , and this video in no way reflects what I saw . Some scenes are out of focus , there are no long shots which give a sense of space and place . The direction is totally haphazard , with no continuity of shots . It is so horrible to watch , that I was distracted to the point where I could hardly listen . The cast is ok , but totally undistinguished . If you love or do n't know Turandot , this video is to be avoided at all costs .
 Brain Drain was the last album to feature Dee Dee Ramone as a member of the band . The band 's inner turmoil is evident in what is their second-to-worst album -LRB- their prior album , Halfway To Sanity , is the worst -RRB- . Fortunately , there is still some good songs , including `` I Believe In Miracles , '' `` Punishment Fits The Crime , '' `` Pet Sematary , '' and `` Mery Christmas -LRB- I Do n't Want To Fight Tonight -RRB- . '' The album also contains one of the Ramones ' best cover songs , `` Palisades Park . '' While the Ramones never recorded a terrible record , Brain Drain is not among their best .
 While this album does have some decent tracks -LRB- Palisades Park , Merry Christmas -RRB- and contaons one of their best songs ever -LRB- Pet Sematary -RRB- , on the whole , this is a forgettable album . This was the last album to feature Dee Dee , their original bassist , after he decided to switch from punk to rap . But this was really their worst album next to their previous release , `` Halfway To Sanity '' . Save your cash .
 If you are a real Ramones fan , you know what I 'm talking about
 I have been a Ramones fan ever since I could remember and I thought they could never do anything wrong , album wise . Was I wrong ! `` Brain Drain '' is probably the worst album the Ramones have put out . Only five of the tracks out of the twelve , are worth listening to . -LRB- '' I Believe in Miracles '' , `` Punishment Fits The Crime '' , `` Palisades Park '' , `` Pet Sematary '' and `` Merry Christmas -LRB- I do n't wan na fight tonight -RRB- '' -RRB- DO NOT get this as a introduction to the Ramones music . You will be severely disappointed .
 The only reason this gets a star is for the 3 singles off this cd . The rest Who Cares ?
 I was excited to buy Alabina 's second CD ; as among my collection , their first CD ranks among the top 3 . Uncomparable music and integration of Arabic rhythms and Spanish Salsa . The second album hardly matches up to their original quality . In fact , they ripped two tracks off the original one . I do n't recommend this CD much . Now the first one is something else ... it is out of this world ! The best of the best .
 this was the worst music that sounded like david bowie . i ca n't believe these guys have even gotten a record deal ... oh the humanity
 this was the worst music that sounded like david bowie . i ca n't believe these guys have even gotten a record deal ... oh the humanity
 A previous reviewer has described this as `` quite simly the greatest concept album of all time '' ... and I agree . Unfortunately this is not that album it is simply a compilation of some of the tracks off the original album . Imagine my disappointment to discover Stanley Unwin 's opening lines `` Are you all sitting comftebole two square on your botties ? '' wiped from the album 's opening ... given that this was a concept album this seems to me to be the ultimate in arrogance ... as is placing an extra track -LRB- which is extremely mediocre -RRB- in the middle of the album . The original narrative weaves the songs together to provide a complete work of art so I do n't think this album should be sold under the title of the original . This kind of artistic vandalism is akin to overpainting the Monalisa 's smile !
 while i respect that this album may evoke emotions in other people , i have to state my opinion for the sake of people looking to buy this . i find this to be bland and boring
 Must confess to disappointment ; this sounded like a record I would like . Well , they have a great name , and the artwork on the CD is really cool . However , the music itself , while tastefully done , is surprisingly unremarkable . Just because this type of thing has been done before does n't mean that makes it bad . What makes it bad is that it has been done better and more compellingly before . Pink Floyd , Mercury Rev , and to a degree the Flaming Lips have created much finer `` orchestral '' soundscapes . The antisocial rantings that float through the music grow very tiresome with repeated listenings , and do little to inspire any feeling whatsoever . I appreciate the attempt to make a statement about millennial paranoia/angst , but would like more than one statement per record , you know ? Not worth the money !
 I am very disappointed by this record . It is incredibly boring ! It is a lot like Mogwai , but does n't engage your attention . The dynamics are blah . The dialogue in the background seems to have been carelessly added . Check out Mogwai 's `` Come on die young '' or `` Young Team '' instead .
 maybe i 'm cynical , but this disk tries a little too hard to be gut wrenchingly powerful . it starts off nice enough . . some violins and other strings slowly generating a medative tension . then it builds and builds ... 10 minutes later . . still building . . wow , this is really powerful -LRB- yawn -RRB- . for godspeed , build-up is their claim to fame , but they do n't really do it that well . it feels cheap and forced . . a sloppy drummer who breaks into annoying marching snare drum-rolls at random adds to the cheapness . if people want to hear really well executed build-ups they would do well to check out glen branca , or swans ' last studio album.the 2 stars given here are for the sampled voice that graces the middle of the album . . this is masterful . the build-up finally ends , and the strings play around generating a nice ambient backdrop while a `` field interview '' of some weirdo discussing his views on the present state of the american government plays in the back/foreground . how well you can hear what is being said depends on what the violins are doing.then all of a sudden it kicks back in to that ` bring you to your knees coz this is so unspeakably beautiful and powerful ' thing , and again , it 's done with minimal skill . the strings are really well played , but they way it 's orchestrated is terribly half-assed . really just thrown together . what makes it particularily irritating is they operate under the pretense of being really emotionally moving , and they 're really just very overlydramatic . maybe they should hire glen branca to orchestrate their future works . . or even my 7th grade band teacher for christ 's sake .
 I 'm sorry , but no . This music combines the pretentious attitude of Keith Jarrett with the musical inventiveness of The Backstreet Boys . You see , on this album the chords and melodies take a back-seat to volume fluctuation . Their music is extremely boring , and not because of my inability to listen to lengthy pieces of music , but for their inability to make those lengthy pieces of music interesting . Bands such as this think that they can create emotion and elevate bland , simple music to the level of greatness by adding distortion or lots of volume . They ca n't .
 Godspeed YOu Black Emperor have done it . They captured the best of snob-rock , math-rock , and space-rock , to give birth to an absurdly pretensious work , both unnaturaly spontaneous and ironically calculated . They wear their genius on their sleeve , and what results is the antithesis of adult-contemporary and easy-listening rock . Fuzzy sound denotes poor recording and production , but far be it for GODSPEED to take any time in making their work somewhat decent and presentable . SLOW RIOT 's hooks are suspect , and the music does make you believe what it is saying , and that serves as the barometer of all music . The strings , which are augmented randomly but also repeatedly , reveal an amateur status regarding musical theory , and F major along with other essential key signatures rarely appear on the EP . There is an overwhelming presence of Debussey on both tracks , but I guess one can argue that the intent was good . GODSPEED is , after all , a lot better than they sound .
 This CD is only 30 minutes long , which is great for an EP , but over 15 minutes of that time are ruined by some psychotic sociopath going on and on and on about how he hates America , and why it 's a `` third rate , third class , third world country . '' His moronic babblings include a stupid fantasy about telling off some judge in court , how American government and authority are part of a great big conspiracy , and a long , awful , cliche poem.It does n't really matter how `` epic '' the music is , because this guy overrides and destroys it completely , it 's so distracting.As it turns out , the band members themselves are extremely anti-American . Not only on this album , but others , where the music and liner notes are riddled with `` new world order '' and anti-America propaganda , blaming America for an impending apocaplypse and cheering on the 9/11 attacks . My personal politics are left , but all of this is too much to take , especially from hate-mongerers who do n't even live here -LRB- and yet choose to record half their material in Chicago -RRB- . I 'm sure this CD is always in Osama Bin Laden 's rotation , but it sure is n't going to be in mine . Go buy Sigur Ros instead .
 This is more of an experimental drum & bass mix that soulslinger is known for.This is great for dj spooky fans.I only enjoyed one song.I remake of Biz Markie 's `` Just a friends '' but still the mix is too bland .
 I think this cd is the worst I have ever heardthere is only a couple of songs i love but the rest are bad
 This is the third Back to Mine release I 've heard . I thought that about half of the tracks on the CD by Everything But the Girl were pretty weak , but I liked the way the whole thing flowed overall . Orbital 's CD did n't always flow , but there were some interesting surprises in terms of track selection and how the whole thing was put together . Liam Howlett 's mix has neither of these things going for it . It does n't flow -LRB- at all -RRB- , and anyone with a semi-decent knowledge of popular music will already be familiar with most of these tracks . `` A Message to You Rudy '' is a great track , but it 's basically Ska 101 , and anyone who 's listened to college radio at some point during the past 20 years already knows it . The same goes for `` Peaches '' by The Stranglers and `` Rise '' by Public Image Limited . `` Jolene '' by Dolly Parton ? Is it a great song ? Yes . Is there anyone on planet earth who 's unfamiliar with it ? Probably not . Ditto for `` Welcome to the Terrordome , '' by Public Enemy , `` Livin ' Thing , '' by ELO , and `` I Chase the Devil , '' by Max Romeo and the Upsetters . In my opinion , a mix CD should either create a flow and an atmosphere that would n't exist without stringing a particular set of tracks together or it should introduce listeners to amazing but relatively unknown songs . If a mix does both of those things that 's great , but this mix fails to do either .
 A pretty standard collection of songs ... my first `` Back To Mine '' and I did n't realize they were n't mixed . You can get all the songs on here elsewhere , and the `` EXCLUSIVE ! '' Prodigy track is pretty middling . I like his flow track-to-track , but the selection is ho-hum . Highlights are QOTSA and Meat Beat Manifesto , that ' I Chase the Devil ' track if you ever wanted to know where the `` Out of Space '' sample came from . Otherwise , do n't bother ! Rather expensive for a single disc of unmixed tracks you can find on iTunes or other P2P sites for signifacantly cheaper .
 I got the CD I wanted and it worked , but it was scratched and the original case was all messed up . If I wanted my expectations to be disappointed I could have bought this from the bearded kid at the local music shop . Damn good bass cd , but I was n't wow 'd with the delivery or price .
 This is a terrible CD ... PU . I heard one tune on Last.FM and thought the tune was pretty so the band has to be good too so I ordered . Well I could not have been so wrong . Ca n't find anything good to say so I 'll shut up .
 I am a fan of the old sound of CELTIC FROST . Unfortunately this record 's a bait and switch in my view . Looks amazing , should be killer , but ultimately a record who 's sucker punch approach to distance the band from its contenders back in the day fails miserably . I give this record 2 stars in total .1 star for the title , cover art , layout , production and the band 's attempt with '' Babylon Fell '' . The second star is given for '' Inner Sanctum '' , the only song on this album worth the actual time spent recording its entirety .
 This is the album where Celtic Frost began to get `` experimental '' . By `` experimental '' , I mean they began to incorporate classical instruments , opera , and worst of all incessant whining , crying and blubbering instead of vocals . The lame experimental electronica and hip hop beats do n't help elevate this album either . The fact that the previous two albums were metal masterpieces is what really makes this `` experimentation '' a real shame . Not only is this album boring and pretencious but its also REALLY REALLY ANNOYING to listen to .
 Think that I am joking about 11/2 stars ? Wish I could say that I was , and the only reason I am not giving this a complete zero is because at the time of this release Metal was still mostly underground , espcially Thrash and Death Metal , so they get some credit just for trying ... . But on to the review . I ca n't say that I can rip people for liking this band . Celtic Frost has a very `` tight '' following and fan base that is loyal , and has stayed loyal throughout the years . But I really dont see what all the fuss is about . First off , even though their style of Metal was pretty much unheard of at the time -LRB- I cant say that it is Death or Black , but almost like their own kind of style that is very hard to describe -RRB- , it seems like every single song that they do is the same thing over and over . OF course , I am not talking about their style , as MetalHeads will know that bands like Bolt Thrower and Six Feet Under have a very constant to their music , but at least it is good . Celtic Frost musicanship has to be questioned . I mean the drummer is doing nothing unique or special , I can t even hear the damn bassiest , and the guitar players are nothing special . The only thing that I do like is the vocal . To sum it up , I guess I have to say its like listening to the same beat over and over , with no change , no solos , and no EXCITEMENT . This is really boring Metal , and there is stuff that is so much more worthy then Celtic Frost . If you want really good 1980 's Thrash , Death , or Black Metal , then you have to go with Kreator , SLayer , Death , Venom , Overkill , Testament and Exodus . Those bands are so much better and have much more to offer musically . Unless you are a Die Hard Celtic Frost fan , I just cant reccomend them .
 There are many who feel that Celtic Frost reached their artistic peak with Into The Pandemonium and quickly went downhill after that . However , I believe that things started to go bad with this record , which in many ways is inferior to the much maligned Cold Lake.When this record was released in 1987 Celtic Frost had already developed a reputation for being avant-garde , but more than anything else they were known for creating heavy and extreme music . Tom G. Warrior 's growl was unique before metal became saturated with cookie monster vocals , their guitar tone could make you shake in your seat , and their compositions were equal parts thrash , blackened doom , and goth . On this record the group experimented with that formula and the result is music that is rather boring and simply not very good.The album begins with `` Mexican Radio '' , a terrible cover of a song that was pretty bad to begin with . Next is `` Mesmerized '' , the first time we hear Warrior 's `` tragic '' vocals . This can only be described as a wince-inducing , nasal warbling that pretty much ruins much of the record . `` Inner Sanctum '' is the heaviest and fastest song on the record , but unfortunately one of the few highlights . `` Tristesses De La Lune '' features operatic female vocals accompanied by strings , `` Babylon Fell '' and `` Caress Into Oblivion '' plod along , and `` One In Their Pride '' is basically a repetitive hip-hop drum beat behind vocal sampling . `` I Wo n't Dance '' , `` Sorrows Of The Moon '' , and `` Rex Irae '' are better tracks but mercifully put an end to things.On retrospect , this record contains indications of what would later come with Cold Lake . Gone are the leather , spikes , and corpsepaint , replaced by big hair and aviator outfits . The guitars lack the fuzzy roar that characterized To Mega Therion , the drumming is subdued , and the songs lack energy . Even the special touches such as strings , horns , and female vocals are overused . Into The Pandemonium is recommended for serious fans only , anyone else should pick up Morbid Tales and To Mega Therion instead .
 This album could have been a good one if it were n't for two things . Number one , the sound quality of A Storm In Heaven is just plain horrible . Ashcroft 's vocals are just about nonexistant , as McCabe 's guitars steal all of the glory throughout nearly the entire recording . Even some of the guitar work in this album is atrocious . As one reviewer said , parts of this album sound like a ` bad bootleg ' . Another reason why ASIH gets two stars is because of the poor songwriting by Ashcroft . Before I bought this album I was expecting to hear thought-provoking , heartfelt lyrics and some decent guitar work . Well , the guitars deliver somewhat , but there were no lyrics that brought out any emotions whatsoever . `` I must be feeling alone ... I talked to God in a phonebox on my way home . I told you my answer ... I left you my dreams on your answering machine . '' These are the kind of lyrics that you 'll find on Urban Hymns -LRB- check out A Northern Soul too -RRB- . Giving this album two stars is very generous .
 If you were to believe most of the reviews here , you would think this CD was commissioned by God himself . One reviewer even goes on to say , `` I have listened to this CD every day since I purchased it 4 years ago , and if you read through the other reviews , you will see that I am not the only one . '' Which only makes me wonder
 I discovered the Verve in 1998 after hearing their brilliant single , `` Bitter Sweet Symphony , '' from their record `` Urban Hymns '' -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . My wife bought me `` Urban Hymns '' and I loved the rest of it . Shortly thereafter , The Verve broke up and Richard Ashcroft went solo . I 've followed Ashcroft since , but curiosity led me to explore the Verve 's back catalog.Unfortunately , I was extremely disappointed with `` A Storm in Heaven . '' My main problem is with the production values . The sound quality of `` A Storm in Heaven '' is n't poor ; it 's offensive . This is one of those CDs you have to keep turning up because it never sounds loud enough . It actually sounds like a bad bootleg at times.I do n't understand why bands bury a record under waves of reverb - unless , of course , they have something to hide . In this case , it 's probably the songs themselves
 Should have stayed in Greece where her music did n't turn out to be a sell out . Being a fan of her original work , this just goes to show she wants to take her music to an all time low . `` gia '' or Geia has more of a mideastern sound than Greek and that song was high jacked from a mideastern artist . All time biggest high jacked song of the time . . congratulations
 No review ... this song is s ** t!the artist is s ** t too !
 I like the music on this CD very much , but can not play it on my laptop or any other computer . It contains MediaMax `` copy protection '' software from 2004 , a program that 's notorious for making computers vulnerable to security problems , and is just generally evil -LRB- a quick web search will tell you why -RRB- . If you want to listen to these songs on a computer or any Ipod-type device , you 're better off buying them from a site that sells music downloads -- do n't buy the CD . I wish I had n't .
 Let me start by saying that I am a huge Helloween fan . I came to Helloween when I heard `` I 'm Alive '' on a mix tape somewhere & I was amazed . I then went out & bought `` The Best The Rest The Rare '' and went on to some of thier other albums . `` Walls of Jericho '' , thier first album , was one of my later acquisitions . While I do like the album , I ca n't understand how some fans can prefer Kai to Michi or Andi . His vocals alone cost this album a star . The other drawback is the immaturity of thier sound . Fans like me that came later to Helloween are used to hearing the realization of thier distinct sound , not the genesis of it . Without the unique sound that would evolve in the `` Keeper '' albums , there is very little in `` Walls '' that seperate Helloween from a lot of other bands of the era . In short , If you are a mid-eighties metal freak , you 'll love this CD . If you already like Helloween , I reccomend this as a completion to your collection . If you are new to this amazing band , I reccomend that you start with `` The Keeper of the Seven Keys II '' or `` The Time of the Oath '' & go from there .
 This is one of the many reasons why I gave the middle finger to Heavy metal and started listening to innovative Death metal albums like Death 's `` Symbolic '' and Celtic frost 's `` Into the pandemonium '' . It 's nothing but the same damn power chord usage and sing along verses and choruses . Kai Hansen sounds like he was casterated to keep his absurdly high pitched voice and the drummer uses the same old double bass technique . This is for old , old school metalheads who refuse to grow and branch out into new territory . Check out Blind guardian 's `` Imaginations from the other side '' for quality Power metal . Go listen to Hypocrisy 's `` The fourth dimension '' if you want a diverse , unconventional -LRB- otherwise known as `` false '' metal -RRB- piece of music.P.S.-Anyone who considers this definative 80 's German metal needs to listen to Kreator 's `` Pleasure to kill '' , Sodom 's `` Persecution mania '' , and Destruction 's `` Sentence of death/Infernal overkill '' . Those guys make Helloween look like a bunch o ' nancys . Metal heart signing out now .
 I like to have natural sounds or some type of ` yoga style ' music while I 'm either practicing yoga or just trying to relax . This CD just did n't fit . There are a few ok ` songs ' but the rest of it is either too fast/upbeat or there 's too much talking/chanting . I found myself distracted when I put this CD on .
 I purchased this product looking for a cd to meditate with , to relax and help with my migraines . The music changes on the cd , and I did not find it particularly conducive ot a meditation lasting 30-45 minutes . Too much variation led to me changing gears in the middle of the meditation .
 I think the song sounds like everyone elses music . I think def jam soul needs some fresh new creative sound .
 But you ca n't blame the guy . He 's got to eat just like the rest of us . Back in 1968 he noticed that Christmas records just sell and sell and sell , so he recorded one -LRB- `` The New Possibility '' -RRB- and would n't you know , it became his best seller - not Blind Joe Death , not Railroad , not The Yellow Princess or any of those other masterpieces . So he put out more Christmas albums over the years -LRB- I think I count five -RRB- and this is the ickiest one of the lot - can you stand `` The Skater 's Waltz '' or `` Do You Hear what I Hear '' ? The music is mostly duets with Terry Robb , and most mellifluous they are too . And I guess guitarists will like the arrangements . But as a Fahey record , this is for completists .
 I 'm a fan of Gasparyan 's work , and an avid Realworld follower , but this collaboration with Brook is the worst album I have heard by these artists .
 I am sure that a perfectly pressed copy of this is quite wonderful . Unfortunately , mine were not one of those . I say `` mine '' because I have exchanged -LRB- 3 -RRB- copies of this already with no luck . I was able to hear side 2 without any issues so I know it can sound great . I have four other titles of this reissue set and I am very happy with those.The problems with the Pepper album seem to be the same . They all seem to be on side one . Most of the other reviewers have described the same problems.This is what I think the problem is . Most of the later albums like Pepper , Abbey Road and the White Album are the ones that seem to be having the most problems . I think that the pressing plant over pressed these records on worn stampers because these were going to be the most in demand . This historically has been a problem with hot selling records . No quality control just to get the numbers out . To the manufacturers , its all a numbers game anyway . Back in the 1970 's , I had to return 10 copies of Led Zeppelin 's Physical Graffiti before I was able to get a decent one when it first came out.Once the dust settles , I 'm sure a lot of these problems will be resolved and will go away . I am not going to give these reissues a bad rap just because of few bad pressings . I have heard enough of this record to know that I still want it . As soon as I can find another the plays properly , I am going to grab it.I have been buying these separately to avoid the problems with trying to buy the perfect box set.Update : I recently ordered another copy from Amazon , -LRB- 4th -RRB- copy . This was the worst one so far . I am beginning to believe that there is n't a good copy anywhere . I will give it another try before I throw in the towel.Final Update : `` Praise Be '' I finally was able to get a hold of a good copy of this title , and it sounds good . I was beginning to think that one did not exist.Although frustrating , I think that Rainbo should get another chance . All the other LP 's of this issue that I got were superb . What all this feedback is telling me is that vinyl is truly on a comeback course . A project like this should have been spread out among several of the pressing plants . It 's too much for one pressing plant , even for the likes of RTI and others to have the pressure of 100 % quality control . I do n't know how may vinyl pressings were actually done , but I am sure that it was way more than the normal 5000 to 10000 pressings that a regular reissue might receive . Let hope that if EMI decides to do another `` Mono '' reissue set , they will learn some of the lessons of this and spread the job out a bit.Mystery Solved?I had been wondering why I seemed to be the only one having problems with this pressing from the local record shops in my area . Nobody else seem to have the same problems.A recent event may have solved this mystery . I recently switched out cartridges and replayed my distorted copy of this record . For what ever reason , this record sounded fine with the different cartridge . The previous cartridge was an Audio Technica fitted with a shibata tip stylus . The new cartridge was a Pioneer fitted with an eliptical tip stylus . Both cartridges are in good working order.So if you are having problems with the sound on this record and you have a cartridge with a shibata or microline tip , this may be the problem . Those tips may be picking up distortion further down in the groove . You may want to try this out using a different phono cartridge . I would be interest if anyone else comes to the same concludion
 i used to listen to these albums but i was allways aware of the paul is dead story.now , on youtube , when you type paul is dead 1 , paul is dead 2 to 35 there are too many shocking clues.i feel betrayed and i know you will too !
 Yo everyone . I listened to this CD and I was like `` where 's al the music thtat everyone was talking about ? '' I ca n't even hear anything good . It 's like old music or something adn it does n't sound like good rap or anything . I cant believe that people liked this hippy stuff . Go listen to some REAL music liek biggy smalls and 2pac Okay ?
 This album is a rip off Pink Floyd 's DARK SIDE OF THE MOON . The beatles copied Pink Floyd and this is the reason why Pink Floyd are better . Simply a weak and disgusting effort . Best avoided .
 You really have to love the Beatles to enjoy this album . Otherwise it 's boring as all get out . If this were your first introduction to them you 'd probably wonder what all the fuss was about . What they were doing in Sgt. Pepper required a whole lot of tolerance and good will which they earned by being so fab for so long . Fan 's gobbled Sgt Pepper up and quickly pronounced that it must be great -- after all , it 's the Beatles . Any criticism would be seen as an indictment of their very fanhood . You did n't dare question the Beatles in those days or you were deemed a cynic , or a malcontent , or a fool . Thankfully , culture has come a long way . It 's okay to let out what many of us really felt all along
 When Sgt. Pepper came out I was 12 . I liked it a lot back then . Now that I 've been exposed to life I see how blatantly self-indulgent the Beatles were in this album -LRB- the fans ' feedback was permanently removed from their process after 1965 -RRB- . But still , Sgt. Pepper is an okay effort . The tracks from this album that have stood the test of time are `` Getting Better '' and `` Lucy . '' But nothing on Sgt. Pepper ranks up there with the power of such songs as `` In My Life '' & `` Yesterday . ''
 I guess if you appreciate music this album is a let down . If you prefer listening to Pink Floyd 's `` Ummagumma '' , with all of it 's `` groundbreaking '' soundeffects over something with more musical integrety-say `` Exile On Main Street '' then I 'm sure Sgt. Peppers will be right up your alley . I would take any Beatles album from '65 up over this collection of corney carnival tunes . After the first three songs it 's all downhill . The most overated album indeed !
 I love The Beatles . I am too young to remember them as a going concern , so it is not nostalgia that makes me suggest they rank amongst the most significant artists of the 20th Century . It is ludicrous to suggest they do not . I own and cherish all their albums . Even now I find it hard to believe they ever split . Why would anyone break up something so successful on every level ? It 's beyond me . Their brilliance lay not in their social significance -LRB- which will fade with time -RRB- but rather the breadth as well as the depth of their material . However one thing I have always found disagreeable about them -LRB- or rather the myth they have become -RRB- is the view that Sergeant Pepper is the greatest album of all time . In my honest opinion it is one of their weakest records . Too many of the songs are mediocre . Fixing A Hole , Getting Better and Good Morning , Good Morning to name just three are by their high standards ordinary , and that 's being kind . Another thing that irks me about the record is that the so-called `` concept '' peters out after a couple of songs . They do n't link , except in the most feeble manner imaginable . I love the Beatles and it bothers me that young people will hear of them and decide to investigate and because of its reputation make Sergeant Pepper their starting point . My advice is do n't . Get Revolver or the White Album instead .
 I remember buying this album and being confused . This is supposed to be the ` best album of all time ' , and i could n't hear or see that . I went on feeling guilty for a month - no , i 'm not joking . The album starts out very strong and ends with an epic song , but it is VERY boring in between those two songs . I 've said before that the beatles music sounds mostly like nursery rhymes and this is true here for `` with a little help from my friends '' , `` It 's getting better '' , `` for the benefit of mr kite '' , `` when i 'm sixty four '' , and `` good morning good morning '' . As a matter of fact , Lennon himslef mentioned how much he hates `` good morning good morning '' . It was a time when he had nothing to say , but they had to record music anyway . That 's not the only annoying song on the album , `` within you without you '' , anyone ? This must be the worst song put to tape by a major band , EVER ! I can go on with all the flaws in the album , but i 'll stop here . It 's just too much pain to think about these things . I gave whack pepper two stars for the first and last songs which are okay but not great by any means . I hope people who have n't bought the album yet decide not to after reading this review . That 's a good ten bucks saved , use themn to buy a zeppelin cd instead .
 The vinyl pressing is defective and of a very poor quality . There are too many scuffs , scratches , clicks and pops ! It 's really sad , when you consider there are pressing plants , in the world today , devoted to producing superior quality vinyl records . Clearly , EMI/Apple , for reasons unknown to me , have chosen a pressing plant with quality control issues . I am very disappointed with the overall quality of the vinyl . I can only hope EMI/Apple may produce a second run of pressings and team up with a pressing plant devoted to quality control . Maybe someone like R.T.I. or Mobile fidelity sound labs could take control of the pressings.In the world of ` Beatles Box sets ' many editions and/or pressings have been produced down thru the years . In my collection , I happen to own -LRB- 1 -RRB- the 1978 Parlophone Beatles BC 13 Blue box set , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the 1982 Mobile Fidelity/EMI box set pressed by the Victor company in Japan on virgin vinyl . If I were to put aside all questions , comments , criticisms and/or debates regarding the mastering of the recordings , and merely focus on the quality of the vinyl . Well , it 's easy ... The 1982 vinyl pressings are clearly the gold standard . The 1978 pressings come in at second place . And the new 2012 pressings are dead last . . Again , I can only hope EMI / Apple might consider a second run of pressings with a manufacturer devoted to superior audiophile quality .
 I give this two stars for the quality of the audio and vinyl pressing , not because of the songs on the album itself . I ordered six of the new vinyl remasters and Sgt. Pepper was one of them . All of the others sounded absolutely amazing , but this one sounded atrocious . The bass wo n't come through without serious static , the highs sound like they 're scratching on the way out of the speakers , and it just sounds horrible . Now , I do n't think that all of the new Sgt. Pepper albums will sound this bad , this was just a problem with my particular copy . Buyers should beware that there have been some fairly widespread issues with the quality of these new vinyl pressings . Open and play them as soon as you get them so you do n't way too long to get an exchange or refund if you happened to get a bad copy .
 I ca n't comment on the music quality because I ca n't get it to play on my computer . The file format is . exe , not . wav or . mp3 or . ogg or any standard audio format . I ca n't believe they used a proprietary . exe format that only works with Windows ! I 've tried four different music players but the only thing that will play is the little video . My computer ca n't see the audio files to rip them to my harddrive , either . The same holds true for the remastered Revolver CD . Very disappointed!EDIT
 Songs skip at random , purchased a CD cleaner with no results . All my other CD 's play perfectly . purchased the Beatles `` Hard Day 's Night '' had the same problem . In the process of returning both !
 `` Rolling Stone poll says # 1 album of all time . '' Who cares . Rolling Stone is n't much of a definite authority on anything , and the fact that they rank so many Beatle albums in the top 10 shows their embedded British bias.As for Pepper , it has n't dated well except for its reputed impact on music , which was n't as big as often supposed . The future of music was already being defined by others , including Jimi Hendrix.The title track is good , and so is A Day in the Life . Each song gets one star . That 's it .
 Bought this album with the greatest expectations . What a lack of expectations ... Of course it is good . AFter all , the Beatles are playing it !! . But , playing what ?? The album is so confusing , so much overdubs , tre drums production is awful . It 's no the beste Beatles album . So what for printed lyrics ?? THios does not necesarily turn all the songs in it into master pieces of pop !!
 It 's not that this album is so bad , it 's just not as influential as uninformed listeners and meaningless polls hold it out to be . An album with Within You Without You is tough rate 5 stars .
 Afmitedly , though I am a huge Beatles fan , this CD is n't my favorite . In fact , I think it 's really overrated -LRB- * Brooke ducks to avoid the tomatoes being pelted at her face * -RRB- . I think it must have been a blast to make , and I 'm sure I would love it if I were one of the Beatles -LRB- and I 'm obviously not -RRB- . I just think that the CD is n't as great as it 's hyped up to be . Certainly it contains some wonderful pieces of music . George Harrison 's `` Within You , Without You '' is a very entrancing song `` Lucy in hte Sky With Diamonds '' is also a very bold , entertaining song . However , I do n't think that the CD as a whole flows very well ; it seems very inconsistent . The song list also is overly wacky . I also remember reading somewhere that This album was Paul McCartney 's response to the critical and commerical success of the Beach Boys ' Pet Sounds , an amazing concept album that flowed rather beautifully . McCartney may have been trying to hard . Seargent Pepper sounds uneven nad pretentious . I 've always admired the musical versatility , intelligence , and wit of the Beatles . The Beatles do n't need to try so hard to amaze us with excessively smug humor .
 `` If it were n't for Sgt. Pepper , progressive rock would never have existed '' ? . I doubt it.This is an OK album with a few good tracks like A Day in the Life that can be had on the various greatest hits compilations without having to deal with songs like Within You Without You . 2-stars .
 No , not the album - which is fair , but the herd of biased and unthinking reviewers that will give any Beatle album 5-stars , despite the fact they contain songs like Within You Without You , or Mr. Kite . Simply hilarious!As for Sgt. Pepper , A Day in the Like is a classic , but it alone is n't worth 5-stars .2 - stars .
 The only thing I cared about when I picked up the new remastered version of Sgt. Pepper was getting to the reprise and finding out if someone finally had the sense to restore the missing elements of the reprise lost since the original mono LP release . They did n't . The reprise of `` Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band '' is supposed to be the great rock and roll lead-in to our huge finale , and it is absolutely essential to have - in fact , the whole effect hinges upon - Paul McCartney yelling his head off at the end . With that missing , the song is ruined and it remains so.I have n't found out yet on these `` remasters '' if they 've restored the missing harmonica on `` Thank You Girl '' or thrown out that horrid dry guitar on `` I Feel Fine '' and `` She 's a Woman '' ... if not , we 'll have to rely on those otherwise unnecessary Capitol version CD releases , but as for Sgt. Pepper ... no salvation .
 As is noted at least weekly in these reviews , Sgt. Pepper is perenially overrated by Rolling Stone , VH1 and other polls . This is largely due to the nostalgia of the times by the polling audience as opposed to the music itself . The title track is actually good and the close of the album is good , but there are too few bright spots in between .
 Let me start by stating the obvious.Amazon reviews -LRB- such as the one you 're reading right now -RRB- are not written by professional critics . They 're not in-depth essays , they 're not artistic appreciations , they 're not swiftly-worded polemics , and they 're certainly not works of music criticism -LRB- or literary criticism , or film criticism , or wicker furniture criticism , or whatever it is that you happen to be shopping for -RRB- . They are tools intended to help potential customers make buying decisions . A good Amazon review suggests an answer to the question `` should I spend my hard-earned dough on this product ? '' Four and five star reviews say `` yes , '' three star reviews say `` maybe '' and one and two star reviews say `` no . `` When you consider purchasing a product , you are essentially asking yourself the following question
 I love music . I always give a new sound a good listen before I discard it and this album was no different . I was constantly surprised to see it voted `` Greatest album '' in all time lists and was intrigued to see what all the fuss was about . It turns out all the fuss was about nothing . It is a weak album by anyone 's standards , let alone the Beatles who have created Revolver , The White album etc. . A Day in the Life is an amazing song , everything the Beatles ' music stands for ... and most of the rest of the album ? Utter widdle . `` When I 'm 64 '' ??? That is a poor excuse for a song if ever I 've heard it . It makes sense listening to that how Paul could possible have put his name to that Frog Song . It 's music for kids . It is NOT music for those of us who want an experience to come from our lyrics and sonic scapes.I quite understand why many claim this to be the best ever ; because many of those who do were around when this came out , and it reminds them of a time in their life when it was great to be a little cool and hippy . That 's all well and good , we all love some stuff -LRB- that some people just do n't `` get '' -RRB- because it takes us back to a happy time . Well , for goodness sake keep it to yourselves . This is a supremely poor album , end of story . If you do n't see passed the gimmick that this band was peddling at the time this was released you are blind.Then again , I think the Beatles were generally somewhat overrated , certainly Lennon was . The Stones were much more `` real '' , that much is clear , even to a 23 year old like myself . I do n't claim to be the biggest Beatles fan , but they have written some absolute classics . This album contains one classic , a few good tunes and a whole lotta widdle . Avoid unless you wish to relive the ' 60 's and all that was bad with music back then . There were so many classics from that era , try them instead ; I suggest The Band , `` Music From Big Pink '' or `` The Band '' .
 The oom-pah band behind behind When I 'm 64 , the fumbling sitar on Within You Without You , and the orchestra behind She 's Leaving Home do n't exactly make for great rock music . Perenially overrated , this will always be a controversial album . Overall , many releases from the late 60s have held up much , much , better .
 Why so many people keep saying this album is so great ?? It 's nothing more than the great Beatles playing around with studio techniques and , consequently , losing all their spontaneous creativity . The sound is very bad , RIngo Starr 's drums are worse instead of better !!! Most of the songs try so hard to be great that they are boring most of the times ... I prefer even the album `` HELP '' or '' ABBEY ROAD '' . I admit that the album opened up possibilities for rock .
 It was disappointing to discover that this CD falls short of all the praise it seems to get in these reviews , but with songs like When I 'm 64 , Within You Without You , Fixing A Hole , and Benefit of Mr. Kite , I just have to be honest.Some of the other songs are good -LRB- A Day in the Life -RRB- but one song does n't save an album . Some Beatle albums are better , like Help , but this is only about a 2-star CD .
 This is a remastered version and it seems that not all the original songs are on this , also Paul 's voice overpowers everything else , someone should tone him down unless it was his idea hmmm ... . I will not buy any remastered versions again .
 So ... Here 's my , track by track , pass / fail analysis .1 . Title Track - Upbeat kick-off . Fairly good . -LSB- pass -RSB- 2 . With A Little Help From My Friends - Ringo 's song . The usual poor singing . Usually covered much better -LRB- Joe Cocker etc . . -RRB- . This version nothing special . -LSB- fail -RSB- 3 . Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds - Imaginative lyric over a repetitive verse/chorus pop tune . The song fails to sustain through the later choruses . John later claimed it had nothing at all to do with LSD etc ... . either way ... . yawn . -LSB- fail -RSB- 4 . Getting Better - By Beatles standards , a pretty ordinary/dull song . -LSB- fail -RSB- 5 . Fixing A Hole - Another nothing-special track . -LSB- fail -RSB- 6 . She 's Leaving Home - A sentimental ballad wraps a simple rejection/separation concept . Fine , but does n't bear repeat listening . -LSB- fail -RSB- 7 . ... Mr. Kite - Silly lyrics ride a ` funfair ' soundtrack . Again , really just the one idea . Dull in repetition . -LSB- fail -RSB- 8 . Within You Without You - Crap , compared to George 's later efforts -LRB- especially ` Dark Horse ' -RRB- -LSB- fail -RSB- 9 . When I 'm 64 - Crap . -LSB- fail -RSB- 10 . Lovely Rita ... - Clever . Would have made a great single . -LSB- pass -RSB- 11 . Good Morning ... - Nice driving tight rock sound . -LSB- pass -RSB- 12 . The Reprise - Great sound on this track . -LSB- pass -RSB- 13 . A Day In The Life - More ` human condition ' stuff from the can-be-rather-boring Mr. Lennon . Leads to a pompous resurrection of some orchestral experimentation from the 1920s . Embarrassing . -LSB- fail -RSB- So , my totals are , 4 passes and 9 fails . Hence , only one star I 'm afraid .
 this wanky cd is just deep loreable!there are no good trags.xxx avoid please ok ?
 In this day and age , is there really any need for this sort of pompous twaddle . I mean , was n't that sort of pop music just a dead end?Save your money , just buy a copy at a garage sale where they never lack for copies of the LP .
 I do n't get it . I really do n't . How come this , of all the Beatles ' albums , is considered such a pop masterpiece ? No , not a pop masterpiece - a work of art ? During the late 60s , there were a handful of albums that revolutionised the soundscape of the period
 I do n't see what is so great about this album it -LRB- -RRB- big time a guy from my work told me to buy it he said it 's amazing.I wasted my money one this junk piece.I would recomend buying The Velvet Underground/Nico now thats an amazing Album and a Great Band.I read in a magazine that Lou Reed hated this Beatles Album.I agree with him 100 % . People out there dont buy this LP its a waste of money.And probably the worst album from 1967
 Hi , my name 's Scott , I 'm 12 next spring I have been studying all Beatle litterature and theirown sleazy CDs and I have come to find without a single shotgun doubt that PMC was really killed beyond reecognition after the infamous carcrash that took his life on wednesdaymnornnng at 9 o clock.Listen , grandiose naysayers and other friends , you just ca n't go on pretending he 's still the same today as he was buried on high farm in Scotland ` all those years ago ' . Get over it ` Fans of the Past Age ' - the man is really no more , he is exit , finito , passed on to the merry pastures , he 's friggin dead.See why Heather Mills was so upset when she found out she married an imposter.Cheers Bob , here 's to ya!Scott
 I loath and despise this album . I can not believe the Stones were actually so impressed with it that they tried to copy it . They must have been out of their minds ! Thank god they found their sanity and recorded Beggers Banquet which is the greatest album of the sixties , a powerful , compelling masterpiece . But wait a second , I 'm supposed to be reviewing Sergeant Pepper . Well , its the complete opposite of compelling and powerful . Think trite , dull , and supremely overrated . This is understandable of course since everyone was on LSD at the time so they were probaly too far out of their heads to know good music . The first song on the album introduces Ringo as Billy Shears singing A Little Help From My Friends . If you 've never heard that song sung by Ringo then just think of a song in a Disney Cartoon and you get the picture . Actually , there is a better version of this song out there , I think Jim Croce or someone like that sings it . Anyway , the next song Lucy in the Sky With diamands and its all about paper taxis and a girl with kalidescope eyes . Actually , its really not that bad of a song.Next you have Getting Better and Fixing a Hole which are both so unforgettable that I need not mention them except to say that no , Fixing a Hole is not about heroin , its actually about someone fixing a hole on their roof . Or maybe in their life . I dont know.You get that tiring symbolism with the Beatles . Next comes Shes Leaving Home which always makes me want to scream and froth at the mouth it is such a nauseating and syrupy song.Next comes For the Benifit of Mr Kite which is about a circus and other than having a disarming childlike charm -LRB- the Beatles were good at that -RRB- it is really nothing special . Within You and Without you is George Harrison doing his India thing . When I 'm Sixty Four and Lovely Rita are silly and harmless which I suppose is how you could describe this whole album . Then Good Morning -LRB- another forgettable song -RRB- and finally after a dead end reprise we have A Day In the Life which has gained quite a reputation through the years . I really get nothing from this song . Beatles were always pretentious show offs and this song helps to show it . In fact , this album helps to show it .
 This is the album self-deluded Beetles fans love to point to as their work of genious . Lemon and McCarthy were alledgedly at the top of their form.Oh , come now!It 's a quaint period piece ; a relic of the sixties . The music sounds dated . It 's nostalgia , but nostalgia ai n't art!You 'd do better to get `` Pet Sounds '' , written , arranged , and produced by a REAL genious
 The idea of this being the greatest album of all time ! It 's a joke ! Before heaving yourself onto the `` Sgt. Pepper 's '' bandwagon , consider investigating some other , substantial music . If it 's art you 're searching for , consider Miles Davis ' `` Kind of Blue , '' a brilliant , more popular album that is light-years ahead of this corny , pompous horse dung . If you 're in search of `` rock as art , '' consider Led Zeppelin , a band whose best albums make this seem like the stuff of a middle school talent show . So please , before polluting my monitor with phrases like `` the best album ever '' and `` the finest rock in history , '' find out what 's out there . You just might be blown away .
 Release the Kraken ! The future of life on Earth is at stake ! Do it , or else we shall all die !
 This is a general problem I have with the entire Beatles catalouge ; hardly anything holds up for me . In the case of this and the White album in particular I 've realised it 's not as much to do with my repeated listening as it is with the quality of the songs . Every once in awhile it 's neccessary to dust something off and listen to it with fresh ears . Otherwise all you have is the endless hype from people chiming away with their minds switched off.It 's the critics who are to blame and a horde of fans as well for the perpetuation of the Sgt. Pepper is a classic , and the best album ever scam . Part of the evidence of this is provided by the Amazon critic on this page who like all critics wants to whitewash all evidence to the contrary to prove the indestructability of the Beatles and others . No one thought of music as art ? This writer was almost certainly in knee pants in 67 and probably took his music history lesson from other people who started the myth . Art and concept albums certainly did exist before then . And the Moody Blues put out a great concept album the same year . Sgt. Pepper by John 's admission is n't even a real concept album . This and the ` blindingly inventive ' idea of using cutouts of figures add to the hype behind this album . How can adults be so immature and excited over this ? The truly clever people like Frank Zappa for instance knew right away that this was nothing special . He was even right about it being a trend . And that trend lives on today , in the nostalgia for psychedelic swirly fonts and videos . Put these tracks on another album by another band and they will be called out for the average tripe it is at best
 This is the most painful album to listen from my remaster box set . It is full of silly and forgetable songs . With the notable exception of Sgt. Pepper ... , With A Little Help ... , Lucy in the Sky ... , and A Day in ... That is it . The rest are fillers . That is four great songs against seven mediocre at best . I will never understand the hype surrounding this album . It is regarded as the best Rock and Roll album of all time , a real masterpiece , a piece of art , etc , and it really is a let down to me . Rock or Rock and Roll it is not ; pure pop/bubblegum stuff . I dig the cover , though . I know the majority of you Beatles fan out there will disagree with me , but this is my opinion . You must admit , as I did as a fan , that this is The Beatles at their worst .
 Sure it 's really hyped up from the success but it 's still a great album . My fav 's are
 This is a worthless album . Why does everyone make such a big darn deal about it ? This is nothing compared to what Zappa had achieved by that time . Sgt. Pepper would n't even exist without Zappa ; his album Freak Out inspired it and outshined it by about a million miles . Do yourself a favor , skip this peice of hippie pop-culture B.S. drivel .
 There is some history that is still relevant today and there is other that should be recognized as influential in its time , then filed away . I own this on vinyl and have framed both the cover and the record as decoration . I never saw a need to replace it on CD , for the simple reason that songs like `` When I 'm 64 '' and `` With A Little Help From My Friends '' are badly dated , not really standing the test of time . On the other hand , another 1967 release , `` Are You Experienced '' by Jimi Hendrix , is still challenging musicians today . This cover is also on the wall , but the CD is in the player . Big difference . 2-stars at best for Pepper .
 Heres the thing , I LIKE the beatles . I like the majority of their music , im familiar with all they have to offer but iv come to a conclusion regarding this album . The reason ppl love it so much is that its EXPERIMENTAL . Its something ppl had not heard during that time , something grounbreaking . I give it all props for that , but heres the thing , it does not have enought hits to justify the FORGETTABLE songs that this album has . The majority of the songs are experimental but forgettable . It has a good overall feel to the album but we wont hear anyone singing half those songs .1 . sgt peppers
 There are some ok tracks on it like A Day in My Life but most of it is pretty poor , somewhat dated and a bit `` music hall '' . Not really suited to modern tastes . I 'd go ahead and buy it if you really like that 60 's music hall feel . Personally I like more heavy guitar type music like you find on `` Revolver ''
 I bought this album in 1980 . I was 14 , and , at the time , quite a big fan of Paul McCartney . I had been listening to `` Wings Greatest '' , `` Back to the Egg '' and `` McCartney II '' over and over and over . I especially liked the charming , spontanic feel of `` McCartney II '' . So of course , I knew I had to get a Beatles album . `` Sgt. Pepper '' seemed like an obvious choise . Boy oh boy was I disappointed . And rather confused . There had to be something wrong with my head , thinking that `` McCartneyII '' was a much better album than `` Sgt. Pepper '' .23 years later , even if I no longer dig `` McCartney II '' the way I did way back then , and even if few people will share my opinion , I still prefer `` McCartney II '' over `` Sgt. Pepper '' any day.I must say `` Sgt. Pepper first of all leaves me empty . Even if there are good -LRB- and even great -RRB- ideas on the album , I really dislike the hammering monotony the music is performed with . A lot of the songs seem to go on for too long , like there is a verse/refrain being repeted at least one time too many . There is n't enough variation in the performances , the songs do n't `` breathe '' . Just listen to what Joe Cocker made out of `` With a little help from my friends '' and you will -LRB- hopefully -RRB- get the idea . Then you have the self-indulgent , hopelessly overambitious songs like `` Within You Without You '' and `` A Day In The Life '' . Summa summarum
 For many years ` Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band ' topped nearly every single magazine Best Album list , which amazed me since ` Revolver ' and ` Rubber Soul ' were far superior and were usually relegated to much lower positions on these lists . But lately , music critics have realized that this is , in fact , not even close to a top-ten album.By Beatles standards , this is the second worst album they released -LRB- Abbey Road finishes dead last -RRB- . While I admire the experimental recording techniques , the bulk of the songs are twee and silly . Plus , there are NO rockers on this album ! At least the Stones indulged in some rock riffing on their own sub-standard psych record ` Their Satanic Majesties Request ' . For some GOOD psych , research The United States of America , Love , Silver Apples , Tomorrow , Red Crayola , Hollies , Amboy Dukes , The Creation , Smoke , The Move , The Action and West Coast Pop Art Experimental Band . These bands have what the Beatles failed to deliver .
 But I just ca n't get into this music . Just because it 's influential that doesnt mean I have to like it either . If you want some good music check out some Old school hip-hop . peace .
 People always say how the beatles `` changed '' music . Please there are other bands that have had more influence on rock music than them such as sabbath and zepp . First of all the beatles are far from outstanding on their instruments so its obvious they didnt influence anyone in that area . Its all a bunch of chords and far from extraordinary . There only popuar because there old and they were good and MAINSTREAM at the time . There are so many better bands than this who actually have talent.The beatles fans who say they are te best band of all time probably dont listen to other music . They clearly dont listen to modern rock , 60s-80s rock/metal . The 60s-80s metal bands have influenced music way more than the beatles because they were 1000 times better on instruments and wreent mainstream . Look at metallica , there first 4 albums were awesome but they werent mainstream , but then when they made the black album -LRB- sef titled -RRB- they made it more mainstream and sold 12,000,000 so go figure . They along with every other rock band has more talent instrumentally than the beatles.Honestly , i dont get whats so great about them . The people that i know who say there the best only listen to old mainstream bands like the beatles and other people who know how to play a couple chords . One of my friends i guess you could say listens to all this crappy 60s music and its garbage . Hes been playing guitar for like 3 years and still sucks cuz all he knows how to play is these bands OOH A BNUNCH OF CHORDS , please go check out metallica `` and justice for all '' for some real musical talent
 Call in critics , legends and biased fans . This record has been OVERBLOWN TREMENDOUSLY for ages and ages.It is entirely passe and lacklustre with mediocre themes and lack of continuity . I have always felt this record had been better left in the can . Fxing a hole is the only decent song if it were n't tempted at boring wallpaper music.This is a BAD RECORD , best avoided.Thanks for the review .
 hI to everyone.Im gon na say it like it is . This album is terrible and dull.Oh yeh and it 's hopelessly contrived and utterly passable.Let me count votes.I expect a 100 whining ` no 's by 12 o clock tonite.Bless y' all
 Call in critics , legends and biased fans . This record has been OVERBLOWN TREMENDOUSLY for ages and ages.It is entirely passe and lacklustre with mediocre themes and lack of continuity . I have always felt this record had been better left in the can . Fxing a hole is the only decent song if it were n't tempted at boring wallpaper music.This is a BAD RECORD , best avoided.Thanks for the review .
 Simply overated ! Imagine and Plastic Ono Band are better albums.If you want humor spend your money on a George Carlin CD .
 Maybe i 'm just too old but I bought this album due to all the praises it has received expecting to hear classic Beatles . I was very disappointed with it and gave it to my daughter for my grandkids . They did n't like it either & it now sits on a shelf . I really like the `` old '' Beatles & also have their # 1 Album which is OK . As I said , maybe i 'm just too old and the fact that my favorite music is Chicago type blues by Muddy Waters . John Lee Hooker , etc. might color my music enjoyment .
 This album is worthless . If you 're Born after 1970 then Dont by this album , This album is for OLD people . Please there are alot of bands better than these 4 dirty looking british scallys . I could Not find one decent song on the whole thing , I love old school music but this is horrible . Songs like `` Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds '' and `` Good Morning , Good Morning '' are Horrible and Unoriginal . `` When I am 64 '' and `` Within You , Without You '' Are laughable . Music is suppoed to be Entertainment , This album is boring and Worthless , When I listen to music , I wan na Be entertined , I dont Wan na listen to this worthless execuse for an album again , and by the way I checked this album out after hearing how Good and INFLUENTIAL it is , Sorry to break the chain for you beatles fans , this album is the worst album I ever heard . For all those looking for good old school music , Buy something from Marvin Gaye , Stevie Wonder and The Rolling Stones .
 In 2003 , Rolling Stone declared `` Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band '' the best album ever made . '' ... Sgt. Pepper formally ushered in an unforgettable season of hope , upheaval and achievement
 With all due respect to nostalgia , if one is honest about it there are two -LRB- yes , two ! -RRB- good songs on this album
 Michael Jackson 's THRILLER blows this away with ease . This is nothing more than boring out of touch music critics trying to keep this coffee shop music at the top . Young people know what really grooves ...
 The Beatles are best yeah yeah yeah ... They are original and never ripped of anyone , not even old 50 's blues songs , yeah yeah yeah.Sgt Peppers is a great album , no , no , noGive me Celine Dion any dayOr Britney SpearsThat 's real Pop , this is noiseI mean they repeat the same song twiceWHAT A RIP OFF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Why are they so rated ???????????????? Paul Mcartney is the biggest egotistical man on the planet earth and has never written a decent tune since 1969 , yet he is treated like God , COME ON MAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!! He 's an average guitarist , hell he 's not even a guitarist HE PLAYS BASE FOR GOD 'S SAKE !!!!!!!!!!!!! Celine Dion , My Heart Will go On , now there 's a song , it 's moving and makes you cry , could The Beatles do this sort of song , no way !!!!!!! And that Drummer , did he ever do anything ??? I ca n't even hear the drums , does Ringo Star exist ????? Wow he wrote Yellow Submarine , my 1 year old daughter could have written Yellow Submarine , and she plays the drums better too !!! John Lennon was the only good one but sadly he 's dead RIPOh and George Harrison RIP too ... P.SThe E stands for Expert !!!!!!!!! ADIOS AMIGO 'S
 DISAPOINTING . SANDY FARINA 'S SONG WAS NOT INCLUDED IN THE CD . IF I KNEW THIS , I WOULD NOT HAVE PURCHESE THE CD .
 I just bought this CD and I dont ' see what all the hype is about . My teacher always talks about the Beatles but they have no lyrical skills , my cousin Rodney is a better song writer than these clowns . I think they should remix these songs with 50 Cent or Snoop , then they 'd really get some fans behind them .
 Is the most over rated band in history . There music is not that and I ca n't find out why people are still buying there song . If you want to buy a good song buy I want my money backI Want My Money Backby Will Moffett .
 Is the most over rated band in history . There music is not that and I ca n't find out why people are still buying there song . If you want to buy a good song buy I want my money backI Want My Money Backby Will Moffett .
 If they wanted a little help from their friends , they should have called on the likes of Elton John . With CD 's like `` Victim of Love '' and `` Leather Jackets '' to his credit , he might have been able to rescue this sad excuse for music ! For the benefit of us all , stay away from this and all recordings from The Beatles , the most overrated group in recording history ! Hopefully Lucy will stay up in the sky where she 's safe from this album !
 Sounds worn and dated . Sounded good maybe when you were on drugs in the sixties but now , it 's drek .
 No , Just kidding . This album isnt worth the time the beatles spent making it . A truly weak and dissapointing effort .
 how nerdy is this band . here you will get some of the worst songs ever created . sgt pepper lonely hearts club band is a terrible song as is the rest of the album . only recomended if you have bad taste in music ie rap linkin park or backstreet boys type garbage . not even worth the 1 star amazon forces me to give it . singed joe fleck .
 My copy of SGT Pepper had similar quality problems as described in other reviews -- horrible surface noise , one channel cutting on/off , spindle hole off center so does n't spin properly . I returned it -- the second copy better but not great.Also had similar issues with the White Album .
 Something that has kept recurring to me for decades -LRB- but I almost always hold my peace ... piece ? -RRB- : Sgt Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band sucks ... . as bad as any disco Bee Gees , ... worse , at least you could dance to that . ... and maybe even get ... uh . . lucky . But SPLHCB -LRB- jeeze , even the acronym sounds like someone losin ' their lunch -RRB- is the most overrated crap ever inflicted on the music-buying public - that 's millions and millions worldwide . Even me ... and I bought the CD long after I realized this . What a sap!Let 's think about this in an analytical fashion-1 . Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band - A jingle , a commercial , but any 60 's Fritos commerial has a better hook and more artistic integrity .2 . With A Little Help From My Friends-The oom-pah begins . Maybe Englishmen liked this kind of crap before they heard Bo Diddly , but this is 1967 , c'mon ... pure white bread with a little sugar . Joe Cocker must have recognized its wretchedness and so covered it like Coltrane ripped My Favorite Things . Not buying my bs ? ... Beatles : -LSB- Just listen to any one of the dozen old or `` new '' `` remastered '' releases that we chumps all just keep a-buying . -RSB- Cocker : -LSB- Do a video search for `` Joe Cocker - With a little help from my friends '' just like that , on that popular video site , the URL of which I ca n't post in a review . -RSB- Case closed on that one . -LRB- If you 're still unconvinced , you need a lot more help than your friends are likely trained or qualified to give .3 . Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds-LSD ? Lennon 's childhood ? ... Did Phil Spector sneak into the studio ? ... Who cares ? 4 . Getting Better-No , it 's not . oom-pah , oom-pah , speeded up and accented ... I 'm getting sleepy .5 . Fixing A Hole - It 's warm , it 's cozy , I 'm asleep .6 . She 's Leaving Home-Okay -LRB- yawn -RRB- . But Dylan said it far better three years earlier in just one line
 I just do n't get why anybody likes this album ! It makes everybody 's best of all time list and it is unlistenable . Does anybody that rates this or judges this actually listen to it or is it just considered great because of what it `` supposedly '' revolutionized . There 's only one song worth listening to more than once -LRB- We all know that 's A Day In The Life -RRB- . C'mon , Lovely Rita , I 'm Fixin ' A Hole , Lucy , Friends . This ai n't Rock and Roll and I do n't like it ! Give me Pet Sounds any day ! Give me The Village Green Preservation Society and I can listen to it for days on end . If I had to listen to Sgt. Pepper I 'd probably have to be sedated . God Save The Kinks !
 I had purchased this CD so as my wife turned 64 we could listen to the classic words of `` Will you still love me when I 'm 64 ? '' Neither of the CD 's delivered actually included the song with the original words . There were no words with the music . I was credited the purchase price back , but am puzzled why the version you stock is not the ` classic ' original ? Thank you if you can give any clarification . Walter Sleeth
 Sorry to offend all you Beatles loving Hippies , but the truth must be told ! The Beatles are the most overhyped , overrated , annoying band in history . Songs like these take no talent to play , they take no talent to perform , and they take no talent to compose.Formulaic and uninspired , the Lennon/McCartney partnership has concocted some of the most simplistic , uncreative , insipid melodies ever commited to vinyl . I 've often heard their music described as `` simple '' , but I think `` simple minded '' would be a more accurate description . After all , simplicity can be a good thing . But the Lennon/McCartney partnership did n't write any songs that were simple in a good way . Rather , they wrote songs that were just plain simple minded , both musically and lyrically . Twelve barre song structures , redundant three chord riffs , and some of the most brainless lyrics imaginable : `` She loves youYeah yeah yeahShe loves youYeah yeah yeahShe loves youYeah yeah yeah `` Wow ! The creativity really was rolling on that song ! As you can see , the Lennon/McCartney writing team draws heavilly from the classics , such as `` Mary Had a Little Lamb '' , and `` Twinkle Twinkle Little Star '' for their stunning lyrical complexity ! What ever caused their brilliant minds to think of those words !? Sheer lyrical genius!Can ' t you people put aside your nostalgia and start seeing The Beatles for what they really were ? They were nothing more than a juvenile acting , silly looking , musically amateurish garage band -- hand picked at random out of a hundred other no talent bands -- and forced upon an unsuspecting public by a bunch of fat , balding , cigar smoking record company executives in suits and ties . The fact that a corporate marketing scam like The Beatles remains so massively popular thirty five years after they disbanded is a testament to the power of marketing . If you pay good money for a Beatles album , than you my friend , are a sucker . Just like all their fans were back in the 60s ! I think PT Barnum put it best -- `` There 's a sucker born every minute . '' And I bet even today 's suckers being born right now are going to grow up to become Beatles fans !
 It 's a bit funny how people still rave about one of the weakest pop albums ever released , after almost 40 years . To tell the truth , there are only 2 -LRB- yes , TWO -RRB- stand-out tracks on this record , out of 13 -LRB- She 's Leaving Home and ADITL - they 're not very original , clearly stolen from Brian Wilson , but still quite pleasant -RRB- , all the others are nothing more than pale imitations of REALLY groundbreaking and amazing productions of the era -LRB- yes , Pet Sounds , yes , Freak Out -RRB- . Lennon and McCartney are often praised as genius songwriters , but I do n't think they were more talented than , say , those guys from Herman 's Hermits . I mean , you smoke a lot of dope and bring in a 40 piece orchestra to the studio and then you automatically become a genius ? NO . You have to write great songs too , pal . And these guys had totally forgotten to write good songs after about 1964 . Ignore this overrated crpap , and go and buy Odessey and Oracle or Younger Then Yesterday if you want to hear the real sound and magic of 1967 .
 It strikes me amusing how beatles fans nitpick other bands albums and call something like this a masterpiece . A masterpiece huh ? based on what ? A day in the life ? that 's a good song but most of these songs are just experiemntal . The rolling stones , the doors and led zeppelin made better albums than this and they 're not considered masterpieces . So stop bashing other bands albums to justify your love for the beatles . Definitly a great band with many great albums except this . And definitly a minus masterpiece !
 The songs on here are really funky . they have the weirdest songs that nobody really likes . i think that they had potential for this cd but they wanted to do something different . they sure did and it turned out to be bad ! sorry , just an opinion ! 2 best songs
 This band has long since been lauded as the greatest band of their time , but with a closer look at the 60 's era of music , it becomes apparent that the Beatles were surrounded by bands that were artistically superior to them . Bands such as The Rolling Stones , The Doors and The Who all displayed greater technical proficiency than The Beatles . The Beatles had some pleasant instrumental passages , but they seem pale in comparison to the transcendental instrumental passage of ` Light My Fire ' by The Doors . Out of all of their psychedelic music , none of it was as surreal and mind-bending as Pink Floyd 's instrumental ` Interstellar Overdrive ' or Jefferson Airplane 's hallucinogenic march-like anthem ` White Rabbit ' . While other bands used psychedelia as a medium to create powerful and original statements in music , The Beatles merely recycled circus music clich&eacute;s and molded it into silly pop music such as they did with ` Benefit of Mr. Kite ' . In terms of lyrics , they seem shallow and dim-witted when contrasted to Dylan 's poetry . Their messages were often trite and meaningless and reflected nothing of the revolution that was taken place during that time . Captain Beafheart , with his savage and seemingly demented - bordering on atonal - music of his masterpiece ` Trout Mask Replica ' , painted a vivid picture of the heat of the turbulent revolution during late 60 's and is a much more striking statement of that time than anything The Beatles had done . I 'm not alone here . The following passage is taken from a review of ` Lick My Decals Off ' by Lester Bangs - who is undisputedly the greatest American rock critic : `` I 'm gon na go not so very far at all out on a limb and say that Captain Beefheart is the most important musician to rise in the Sixties , far more significant and far-reaching than the Beatles , who only made pretty collages with material from the public domain , when you get right down to it `` Out of all the arguments defending The Beatles , I found none of them convincing . Most of these arguments do nothing other than illustrate very minor and insignificant technical innovations - most of which could have been easily done by just about any other descent rock band of the time . Whatever you think of these minor innovations , it does n't change the fact that The Beatles almost always conformed to the simple verse-chorus-verse format of pop music . They placed their entire emphasis on melodic vocalization - nothing wrong with that in itself , but , with the Beatles music , it all sounds really banal . Their melodic pop songs are , for the most part , only a small step away from ` Mary Had a Little Lamb ' . Their voices are nice-sounding and agreeable but , to me , their vocal ranges seem very limited and their technical craftsmanship is weak . The music of the Beatles just seems dumbed-down , overly simplistic and - like a like plate of macaroni - it can be consumed without any intellectual strain whatsoever . And I think that 's precisely why Beatles have risen to fame . People are taken in too easily by the Beatles ` charm ' but , with a closer look , it is evident that there is not much depth to their music . Serious art involves a tremendous amount of contemplation . But I wonder what there is to contemplate about with a ridiculous song like ` Yellow Submarine ' .
 I use to be a big beatles fan but even then i hated this album . Its kind of weird that i dislike Sergeant Pepper so much because I really liked the Stones Their Satanic Majesties Request and Pink Floyds Piper at the Gates of Dawn . To me those albums had more beauty and imagination . Sergeant Pepper is just very dull and cutsy.The songs are all trite and petty , the album has no mood and little atmosphere . The songs are so childlike that I cant imagine kids enjoying them.The main problem that I have with this album is that its just not interesting.Even the cover is dumb . It has no beauty or darkness , it is pure silly drivel . Even A Day in the Life is dull and well , lifeless . I appreciate the fact that this album broke barriers and helped turn rock music into an art form but that doesnt mean i have to like it .
 I understand music was judged VERY differently back in the 60s , but the truth is , without the Beatles ' name , this overhyped album would have long since disappeared and no one would remember it today!After `` Magical Mystery Tour '' this is the worst Beatles album of all ! It 's more like a Paul McCartney solo album with all the superficial , shallow blandness that that implies ! Even On John 's songs , you can hear Paul McCartney the record company hack systematically destroying everything that made the Beatles great ! No wonder Lennon retreated into Heroin addiction ! It must have hurt him to be SCREWED OVER by his old partner!Apart from Lennon 's `` A Day In The Life '' , most of these songs are simply insipid trash ! John would NEVER have consented to making an album like this back in 1964 ! `` When I 'm Sixty Four '' is perhaps the worst Beatles song since Paul wrote `` Yesterday '' . How anyone UNDER 64 could like it is beyond me!Beneath the colourful psychedelic soundscapes , most of the actual songs ca n't even be called rock ! You ca n't dance to them ! Even by 60s standards , SPLHCB is old fashioned , mainstream , mediocre and Middle-of the Road!Far from being a groundbreaking `` concept album '' , it is utterly devoid of artistic merit , meaningful themes , or thought provoking statements ! It 's only wasteful self-indulgence ! True Rock Music is supposed to celebrate Youthful rebellion ! This Tin Pan Alley cocktail music would put an entire retirement home to sleep ! In my view , the Beatles would never have lost an ounce of stature if they had NEVER made this album ! They would have been just as great without it ! Just because the Beatles recorded it does n't mean it 's any good!This album , when examined objectively 42 years later , seems to belie the radical societal and subcultural changes brought about in the 60s ! It could almost be a soundtrack for people who blindly venerated the Vietnam War ! It certainly had NO BEARING whatsoever on the era 's emerging counterculture!Even Pete Townshend criticised the Beatles for recording this snore-fest , saying that they were losing touch with the kids ! Were n't most teenagers at this time buying Monkees albums instead of this rip-off ! And , let 's face it , there are FAR BETTER Beatles albums ! Namely , `` A Hard Day 's Night '' , `` Rubber Soul '' , `` Abbey Road `` and , best of all `` The Lost Decca Audition '' ! `` Sgt. Pepper '' is a colossal BORE when listened to sober!Thank you for reading this Review !
 OK `` piper at the gates of dawn '' by pink floyd came out at the same time as `` pepper '' . They both sound the same except the songs sound the same from the beginning to end on pepper . `` piper '' on the other hand sounds completly unperdictable . The only reason people think this album changed music forever is becuase it sold more then others . But a lot of other records that came out at this time sound not to diffrent from this album . This one just happen to sell more becuase the songs were all too simple and cheesy . It is not origional at all !!! Listen to early floyd for some real `` psychedelic '' talent .
 Compared to most other Beatles albums , this album now sounds dated and does not show the Beatles at their best or most creative . I have to say it is one of my least favourite Beatles albums , and I would urge anyone not to make this their first purchase , try Rubber Soul or A Hard Day 's Night instead.Lucy In The Sky is a decent enough pop song , Fixing a Hole is quite good , but there 's little else here of note . It 's a bit of a sloppy album , and the Pepper concept is a little pathetic.I 'll get shot down in flames for stating these opinions I 'm sure , but I stand by them , it 's a heavily over-rated album . Ask a room full of Beatles fans what their favourite Beatles album is , and very few would say Pepper .
 Hi , my name 's Scott , I 'm 12 next spring I have been studying all Beatle litterature and theirown sleazy CDs and I have come to find without a single shotgun doubt that PMC was really killed beyond reecognition after the infamous carcrash that took his life on wednesdaymnornnng at 9 o clock.Listen , grandiose naysayers and other friends , you just ca n't go on pretending he 's still the same today as he was burns of the Past Age ' - the man is really no more , he is exit , finito , passed on to the merry pastures , he 's friggin dead.See why Heather Mills was so upset when she found out she married an imposter.Cheers Bob , here 's to ya!Scott
 I bought this remembering what I thought about the Beetles and boy was it a disappointment . My gosh they were n't very good were they ; rather amateurish and just not very good musically.The songs were good and I did enjoy revisiting the album which I had n't heard in over 20 years . But the one thought I came away with was that they were n't really very good and one wonders how they came to be what they became .
 '' ... they use so many instruments that no other artist of their era could think of ? ... '' No one had ever played of a sitar ? They were the first to use a symphonic orchestra ? The statements made up by people regarding this album are incredible . There are three good songs on this release . At the going download rate of 99 cents per song , I might buy this if it were marked down to $ 2.97 .
 The CD is totally worthless to me since it wo n't play in my computer 's CD-Rom . It has the Compact Disk logo , but does n't conform to the required standards for that logo - totally unethical ! I use my computer as my stereo , and never would have purchased this CD if I 'd known that the publisher does n't comply with compact disk standards .
 This is an o.k. album for its type and time , but great it ai n't . Aside from `` with a little help from my friends '' and `` when i 'm 64 '' -LRB- very kool and kooky instrumentation -RRB- this album sounds so much like a lot of other trippy-dippy nonsense and pompousness of the late 60 's . `` Lucy in the sky with diamonds '' - what exactly is that supposed to mean?I guess if its vague it must be `` deep '' . So reason most people.I just do n't get the whole Beatles thing.What 's so great about them?Their music is catchy but catchy does n't mean the music is great.Their music relied a lot on gimmicky sound manipulation and singing of subjects that the masses never get tired of lapping up like the taste deprived nitwit-philistines they are.I can see prepubescents and old hippies who never developed mental faculties beyond that of a 12 year old liking this music , but grown people who actually like this music are either severely taste deprived or are in need of listening to real music like Chopin , Duke Ellington , Debussy , Bach or any number of real composers.Life is too short and there is so much truly great music out there to explore to waste time on these highly overrated pop schlocksters whom by the way wrote music solely for the money and even thought of their own fans as a bunch of screaming , squealing morons.Not that they were wrong in that regard !
 This receives 2 stars from me in the context of what The Beatles are capable of . Any other band recording this would receive 4 stars . As a young -LRB- 21 yrs -RRB- Beatles fan , I have spent the last 3 years constantly listening to every Beatles album , and have to say that I ca n't see what all the fuss is over Sgt Peppers ! This is the softest album they ever recorded -LRB- Paul 's concept and execution primarily -RRB- . A Day in the Life is undoubtedly one of The Beatles ' finest songs and is possibly one of the best endings to an album ever -LRB- closely behind Tommorrow Never Knows -RRB- . Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds is a dreamy , beautifully sung tune by John . With A Little Help From My Friends is OK -LRB- Joe Cocker 's is much better though -RRB- . Remove these three songs from the album , and you are left with some very average songs indeed . Also McCartney 's vocals do n't have the same range as John 's and his added influence is not favourable on the music . Rubber Soul has many classics -LRB- Norwegian Wood , In My Life , Drive My Car , Nowhere Man -RRB- , Revolver has some great electric songs -LRB- And Your Bird Can Sing , Taxman , She Said -RRB- Sgt Peppers definitely lacks a heart . Far from being the definitive Beatles work , I would place this well behind Rubber Soul , Revolver , Abbey Road and the White Album . For other young people considering a first album purchase of The Beatles , I would recommend Rubber Soul or Revolver . Or get Sgt Peppers if you are the sort of person who pretends to love Radiohead 's ` Kid A ' just to show how alternative and intellectual your musical tastes are .
 When my mother plays this albun she is ` all over the place ' . when mah fatha cums in da barthroom jibbering ` when ah get aulder loosening mah heir man , Years from now ' I think hees attit again.There is nogood songs here at all and there4 this CD is bleeding oreful !!!!!!! Eric Sykes . age 4
 The lyrics are about all that this band had going for them . This by most definitions is NOT rock music - this is pop , plain and simple - it 's this nonsense that led to the untalented Ricky Martins , Lou Begas and Backstreet Boys of today.Plus , I can not respect a band who fires their original drummer -LRB- Pete Best -RRB- because he was too talented .
 The Beatles were great . In the greater scope of their work , I do n't think this album is so much better or worse than the others . Much to the contrary , I do n't like it . It has so much studios gimmick running around , we ca n't possibly know who is playing what in each track . Boring , indulgent and mindless album .
 The Beatles were good , no doubt . This has some interesting things , but the best thing about it is the innovations and the way it pointed to the rest of psychedelia , concept albums , album art , and frankly the use of noise in mainstream rock music . All those things were done better , and I mean MUCH better , by the likes of the Velvet Underground , Mothers of Invention , Hapshash and the Coloured Coat , The Godz , Hendrix , etc. . early Beatles , dated as they sound , are still a kick . Later stuff kept one foot in psychedlia , but backed the other one up into their rawer roots , and produced The White Album , with superior results . It 's been hip to say Sgt. Pepper is the greatest album of all time for , uh , all time -LRB- it seems -RRB- , and it was probably as influential as any album in rock History -LRB- with the noteable exceptions of `` Elvis Presley '' and `` Meet the Beatles '' -RRB- . 2 stars , but I ca n't entirely say it 's a waste . The title track is good hard rock , and `` A Day in the Life '' while not the greatest song ever , has some really noisy moments . `` Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds '' recalls the teenage feel of the early Beatles , well , ALMOST . After that , it 's a little dull , especially for the Beatles .
 Rating this album as two stars may be heresy to most , but when the hype surrounding this record is stripped , we 're left with an album that is no where near the best of the Fab 4 's output . Allowances are often made due to the `` experimental '' nature of this album . How ground-breaking is Sgt. Pepper 's , though ? Pet Sounds made far more important advances in harmonic structure , and The Velvet Underground and Nico -LRB- recorded in 1966 but released in ' 67 -RRB- was far more subversive and interesting in its textures and lyrical content . Frankly , this record contains many well-arranged pieces based on the repetition of forgettable melodies.I find it interesting that when musicians are asked for their favorite Beatles Album , it is Revolver and Abbey Road that dominate . Why then do critics and casual listeners consistently rate Sgt. Peppers and The White Album # 1 ? I believe that a lot of the `` breakthrough '' claims placed on these two albums rely heavily on the general populace 's ignorance of lesser-known works that influence many musicians and artists.In my opinion , the Beatles were at their best writing blues-derived pop and rock songs . To be fair , had they not made these `` experimental '' forays , we 'd have had 30-odd years of `` Love Me Do '' cover bands . That said , the sixties are the nexus from which springs the dichotomy of american popular music -- artistic versus the business model of pop . Give the Beatles credit , they refused to sacrifice the former to the latter . But they did this from the beginning -- the change from pop to art happened not on the production side , but in the reception . Rock was not considered art because it did not conform to European concepts of art music . Sgt. Pepper 's married strands of traditional European styles to the base of blues and rock that the Beatles loved so much . It 's still a good album , in the grand scheme of things . It 's just that among the Beatles other records , it stands as a pretty weak example of the ouvre . Buy this album , but only after you buy the records mentioned above .
 George Martin 's pristine production saves this disappointing follow-up to the classic `` Revolver . '' Song content consists of embarrasing odes to travelling shows , imaginary bands , and psychedelic songs about plants and nature , all with negligable emotional resonance . Band quickly saw this artistic path as a dead end and headed for more rewarding territory on `` The White Album . '' Still beloved by a minority for some obscure nostalgic appeal , it 's lasting influence is only visible in such minor performers as Lenny Kravitz and Klaatu .
 Dear oh dear , was this really what my parents were grooving to in '67 ? Must say that Rubber Soul , Revolver and also Abbey Road have stood the test of time much better than the mixed bag that is Sergeant Pepper 's . I agree with one of my fellow reviewers that this album has been over-rated to quite a ridiculous extent . Songs like `` When I 'm 64 '' , `` Fixing a hole '' , `` Getting better '' really make for a rather embarrassing listen 30 years down the line . Guff is guff , even when it 's produced by arguably the greatest pop group ever . And it 's one of pop music 's more enduring mysteries how the hell that guff ever ended up on an album that also features brilliant song writing like `` Lucy in the sky '' or `` A day in the life '' . The notion that Sergeant Pepper 's was the first time `` a rock album was accepted as art '' is also nonsense of course . By 1967 , Frank Zappa and/or The Mothers of Inventions had already produced Freak Out ! , Absolutely Free and Lumpy Gravy . Surely these albums were a bit more than mere collections of songs ... -LRB- and sure enough , they were recognised as such by the more perceptive people in and outside the music scene -RRB- . In my opinion , Sergeant Pepper 's denotes the point where the Beatles left the field where they were unsurpassed - writing first rate pop songs - and made their first attempt at something more `` arty '' . 30 years down the line , that attempt certainly did not result in a masterpiece . At best , it resulted in a failed masterpiece .
 REMIX CHANGED INSTUMENTS AND VOCALS PLACEMENT BY ALTERING , AT TIMES THE VOCALS AND INSTRUMENTS RELATIONSHIPS FROM FOREGROUND TO BACKGROUND . SOUNDS LIKE THOSE DOING THE REMASTERING THOUGHT , '' IF WE MAKE THESE CHANGES IT WILL SOUND EVEN BETTER '' THE SAMENESS WOULD BE BEST AS THE BEATLES HAD IT JUST RIGHT . IT SOUNDS DIFFERENT , DISAPPOINTED .
 It is primarily nostalgia on the part of 40 + year olds that results in the high ratings for this album . The times were different and the cover of this album was a breakthough . Unfortunately , the music contained herein was n't so inspiring , as it is dominated by ditties such as With A Little Help From My Friends , Fixing A Hole , and When I 'm 64 , and supposed innovation on Lucy in the Sky , Mr. Kite and A Day in the Life . Other bands were producing much better music , and this record really has n't stood the test of time . Sounds dated . 2-stars .
 I agree with that kid . This album is oarful . The Beatles were probably the most mainstream band ever created , and when they were tired of bubblegum pop , they tried to be all trippy when they were given acid by that awful muscian , Bob Dylan . But the only thing they could accomplish is ripping off that song from the Wonder Years , making a bad cover of William Shatner 's classic , Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds , and overall making an album that is barely listenable unless you take some LSD . Plus the title is tl ; dr and there are no music videos for MTV.For good bubblegum pop , get the Jonas Brothers .
 Thanks for reading my review . I have only one short consideration.What wood this disk have sounded like WITHOUT intoxicating substances ? You TThank you !
 First of all the cover 's a gas meaning it 's really ugly and not acceptible for a record.The music is chaotic and disturbing my feelings of selfrespect and peace.My family doesnt like it iether . they think modern music is best and so do I : -RRB- I can do without this record , please .
 Just wanted to let people know that this album has some satanic ties . Myself being a lover of rock music I realized some of the messages being conveyed were satanic . Notice on the album cover of this album , there is a picture of Aleister Crowley -LRB- top left second person -RRB- the biggest Devil Worshipper who started a satanic following . Listen to the lyrics they sound innocent but listen closely . The message given is `` Start A Revolution '' `` Do What Thou Will '' , Those are teachings of Crowley , also notice the statue on the cover -LRB- bottom right under the BEETLES -RRB- That statue is mentioned in many of crowleys teachings . Guess who Sgt Pepper is ... Yup Crowley !! Notice the lyric `` It was 20 years ago today ... Sgt Pepper taught the band to play '' Just wanted to give a warning to those who did n't know ! Why do you think this band got so big !!
 I was born after the Beatles had long been disbanded.They music , is well , I Do n't get it.Maybe at the time it was good , but it is 2003 , and they suck .
 This review is for all the beatles records ' . CRAP !!!!!!! The most overrated band in the history of music . It goes to show that with the right promoting even the most untalented people can become star 's .
 This alBUM and the beatles in general are way too over-rated ! How can you people say this album is perfect without it having ONE GOOD METAL GUITAR PART ! you people need to learn what GOOD music is.I suggest
 Just try getting through Mr. Kite or Within You Without you . A condescending middle finger to the fans that appreciated of them as a rock and roll band . By this point in their careers -LRB- read : millionaires -RRB- , the Beatles knew the cound serve any pretentious **** they wanted . They just did n't CARE . Search Yoko Ono for the for the complete artistic emasculation of John Lennon .
 People often offer the opinion that the artwork was the major breakthrough of this album . I agree . It could n't have been this music .
 Say you were to go into a record store and you asked the clerk one question . `` Hey clerk , can you hand me a couple cds that were overhyped '' . He 'd should go get all Beatles albums and throw them in your hands . `` Take them all , we do n't want them '' . Only those stupid gullable people who actually beleive the Beatles can sing are the ones that want them.Its a good thing their entire catalogue belongs to the genius himself , Michael Jackson . Michael Jackson made true music , this band reminds me of how overhyped Jessica Simpson and Justin Timberlake and Janet Jackson is.Now that the catalogue and rights to the songs are in Michael 's hands , Paul McCartney ca n't put out any new Beatles music/compliation out there without Michael 's permission . Michael would say no and Paul would n't even ask because they are in a bitter fight because Michael paid over 50 million dollars for the rights to the songs as well as rights to John Lennon and Paul McCartney catalogues . Michael was ripped off due to the fact that all Beatles song are not worth one scrap of poop from a dogs a ** .
 `` Before Sgt. Pepper no one seriously thought of rock music as actual art . That all changed in 1967 ... '' . Says who ? To hold this album out as `` art '' any more than other leading albums of 1967 is simply biased.First , this is n't rock music . Some of it is pop , and the rest , well , is ragtime , Indian , etc.Second , the real `` art '' was being released by Jimi Hendrix -LRB- Are You Experienced -RRB- and Cream -LRB- Disreali Gears -RRB- in 1967 , which have certainly stood the test of time better than `` When I 'm 64 '' . The song `` Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band '' is great . So is `` A Day In the Life '' . You can get these on the Beatles greats hits compilations . And those are the only two songs you need out of Sgt. Pepper . Mathematically , 2 songs out of 13 is worth less than one star . Sorry .
 The Beach Boys , Jimi Hendrix , Nirvana , Stevie Wonder , Bob Dylan , Marvin Gaye ... all have albums that rank higher than Sgt. Pepper on VH1 's Best Ever Poll . I guess it just depends which poll you pick ? ...
 Newer Beatle fans just discovering the group should know that this 1967 release does n't strike with the newness of She Loves You , the excitement of the opening chords of A Hard Day 's Night , or the driving bass line and satirical wit of Taxman . While the Beatles led the direction of popular music from 1964-1966 , this release was off the mark , as Jimi Hendrix 's `` Are You Experienced '' , also released in 1967 , was actually the window to the future.The Beatles began to get back on track in 1968 with some good tracks on the White Album and closed strong with Abbey Road.Inclusive of tunes like With A Little Help From My Friends , When I 'm 64 , Within You Without You , and Mr. Kite , this release has n't exactly stood the test of time , and few unbiased listeners would rate this 5-stars for musical content . Nevetheless , it is n't a total loss as the opening distorted chords of Sgt. Pepper , and the epic A Day in the Life are very good.My advice to newer Beatle fans is to start with the first few albums , then buy Abbey Road and work your way back the middle if you have n't had enough .
 I do not understand how this album can be considered amazing . It has been declared an eclectic rock masterpiece , a statement which is simply not true . It was supposedly revolutionary because it was `` the first concept album . '' It also contained the spooky , thought provoking ending found in `` A Day in the Life '' . To each his own , I suppose.The title track is surprisingly adequate ; it is one of best songs by The Beatles -LRB- which is not saying much -RRB- . The second track is `` With a Little Help from my Friends '' . It , like most other songs from this album , is entertaining for one or two listens at best . Then comes the random babbling entitled `` Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds '' . `` Getting Better '' and `` Fixing a Hole '' are more of this senseless garbage , only these include chiming guitars . There 's more clich&eacute; material , found in the saccharine `` She 's Leaving Home '' . Then comes yet another pointless throwaway , `` Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite ! '' . `` Within You Without You '' is another one of those unoriginal , interminable songs by George Harrison . `` When I 'm Sixty-Four '' , `` Lovely Rita '' , and `` Good Morning Good Morning '' more of the stale pop lyrics that The Beatles were so often praised for . We have a brief moment of coherence again with the reprise of the title track . Then comes `` A Day in the Life '' . Somehow this song 's ending is supposed to be genius . Hmm , seems like more pointless noisemaking to me.If this is the cultural revolution that everyone has talked about , then I now know why most pop/rock music stinks today . If one does not like this review , that is fine . As many of you apparently know , there is a Not Helpful button that one can press .
 This was the Beatles effort to out-do Brian and The Beach Boys on Pet Sounds . While I still think it is a good album , sgt. pepper doesent come close to the production on pet sounds . And the Beach Boys are/were the best sounding vocal group of all time .
 Give it up , folks . You people have liked what you have been told to like all your lives and , by God , Sgt. Pepper is the big daddy of all `` must like '' cool things . Get a clue . Break away from your generic `` originality '' !
 If you were around in 1967 , buy it for the nostalgia . If not , I guarantee you that it will sound old and dated relative to today 's music , as well as the music of the 90s , 80s , and 70s , and even some of the good music of the 1960s . Track by track : Sgt. Pepper - good , really rocks , sounds good even todayHelp From My Friends - datedLucy - touted as psychedelic , but not reallyGetting Better - adequate song now used for commercialsFixing A Hole - weakShe 's Leaving Home - not rock , weak orchestra backed songMr . Kite - very weakWithin You - self indulgent song that Paul/John had to let George put on the album64 - weak , vaudeville like song . Does n't belong on a rock albumLovely Rita - adequateGood Morning - zzzSgt . Pepper - good , but just a rerun of track oneDay in the Life - two unfinished songs by John and Paul that George Martin spliced together . OK.Altogether was OK in 1967 , but dated 35 years later as expected .
 If people had been making albums for the last 1000 years they could not have made a worse album than Sgt. Pepper . It 's that awful . But go ahead and defend it if you must . It does make for some catchy commercials .
 This is n't rock and roll . It 's sinitra-esque orchestral pop . The most overrated , crappy piece of trash ever .
 ` Sgt. Pepper ' ranks as one of the most overrated albums of all time . Not only is it a bad album , it is also a boring one . Some of the songs are OK , but the rest of the album makes me want to fall asleep . I think most people know that it is bad , but are afraid to admit it .
 Test yourself ; sing as much of this album as you can , and then Magical Mystery Tour . The latter is much stronger , with several more memorable tunes , and sounds fresher today . A good bit of Sgt. Pepper 's is too cutesy and novelty does n't wear well . Ground breaking at the time ? Sure . But that was then and this is now .
 The opener Sgt. Pepper , is a good song , as the Beatles have decided to copy Jimi Hendix ' distortion and style , but it 's followed by Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds , which is NO psychedelic adventure.We next enter a lull , as Getting Better and Fixing a Hole are weak , as other reviewers -LRB- who nevertheless give the album five stars -RRB- have noted , but we get a little lift with She 's Leaving Home.The album then falls off a cliff with Mr. Kite , Within You Without You , When I 'm 64 , Lovely Rita and Good Morning . As other reviewers have noted -LRB- but still give the CD 5 stars because it 's the Beatles -RRB- , these are weak tracks.The CD recovers strong with Sgt. Pepper reprise -LRB- but its the same basic song -RRB- and A Day in the Life.Altogether , not nearly a great CD , but Sgt. Pepper and A day in the Life deserve a star . Oh well .
 ... because while the beginning and end of Sgt. Pepper is good , the valley in between is very wide . It 's as if the producer put the weakest songs -LRB- Mr. Kite and Within You Without You -RRB- exactly in the middle of the track listing . Beatle fans make excuses for them such as `` they are different '' or `` if you listen to it 10 times it starts to get not so bad '' ... but they are weak ...
 So I bought the mono box set and heard this album for the first time in its entirety . I was prepared to be disappointed and was still disappointed . With this box set I 've gained a new respect for the early albums while later work is hit or miss and this album misses for the most part . Little help from my friends is a good song that Joe Cocker made fairly great . LSD is a great song do n't get me wrong but the only other one I like is a Day in the Life so I ca n't give this more than 2 stars despite all the hoopla . I 've listened to Rubber Soul for the first time also and it is really a great album though I still think Revolver is better , Revolver being a stunning work in my opinion . Magical Mystery Tour is actually -LRB- much -RRB- better than Sgt Peppers but it came out after so does n't get groundbreaking credit ... or something . I just find the Sgt Pepper songs lacking , self-indulgent with little redeeming value .
 42 years later and Sgt. Pepper is as brilliant as ever ... enough said , further accolades superfluous . However , how can anybody justify the sale of such an iconic cd in a cardboard envelope ? Shame on you Amazon and E.M.I. ! Would a simple , elegant crystal cover have cut that much into the bottom line ?
 I love the Beatles . I 'll start with that . And for years , I would mindlessly agree with those who said that `` Pepper '' was their greatest record , without really giving it much thought . But in recent years , I 've noticed that while I 've had most of the Beatles catalog for about 10 years now , Sgt. Pepper is without a doubt the one I listen to the least . In fact , I ca n't remember the last time I listened to it at all . I just never seem to want to hear those songs . Most of them sound boring and dated , and many suffer from being so catchy , that after enough exposure , you just get plain sick of it . It just sounds like one big experiment that did n't really work . I read a review here saying that one of the reasons it 's so great is because it was the first album to print song titles on the sleeve . So what ! Maybe I 'll put out the first album ever to be dubbed and mixed entirely by a family of monkeys . Will that make it great ? The songs just are n't there . I find myself going back consistently to the White Album , Revolver , Rubber Soul , Abbey Road , and even Let it Be . The Beatles were at their best when they were just simply trying to make music , not trying to out-do some other band or make some grandiose statement and change everything as we know it .
 VH1 did a poll of hundreds of music luminaries and Sgt. Pepper ranked # 2 of albums released in 1967 . While this ranking seems a little high , there are a handful of good tracks on here that can be picked up on one of the greatest hits albums to avoid the filler on Sgt. Pepper . 2 stars .
 I fell for the hype myself a long time ago , but it did n't last long . Apart from A Day In The Life and A Little Help From My Friends , who really listens to this anymore ? It 's pretty damn fluffy and incredibly pretentious at the same time . A triumph of production to be sure , but stuff like Lovely Rita or Being For The Benefit Of Mr. Kite have n't aged at all well and led to further silliness like Magical Mystery Tour . The most thoughtful track is George Harrison 's Within You And Without You , but even that is a tough slog to sit through . Antiquated and often cutesy arrangements are also a problem , and maybe a product of too much acid on everyone 's part . If you want prime Beatles , go to Past Masters , Abbey Road , parts of The White Album , and a couple of tracks of Let It Be . This is really overblown and not worth it at all .
 If you like light pop music along the lines of Fixing A Hole or When I 'm 64 , this album is for you . If you are looking for good 60s rock music , look elsewhere . A Day in the Life and the title track are good , but they do n't save the album . Sgt. Pepper sounds more dated than any other Beatle album , with the possible exception of Rubber Soul . 2 stars
 `` Peppers '' ca n't touch `` Exile '' as an album and should not be even considered among the top albums of all time . The Beatles work depended on heavy studio production , and this album is no exception . Go to the Stones section and pick up any one of their myriad albums and you will not be dissapointed .
 When my mother plays this albun she is ` all over the place ' . when mah fatha cums in da barthroom jibbering ` when ah get aulder loosening mah heir man , Years from now ' I think hees attit again.There is nogood songs here at all and there4 this CD is bleeding oreful !!!!!!! Eric Sykes . age 4
 After all these years , I can not understand how this recording can possibly be considered `` the greatest '' album of all time . The sad fact is this album was never any good , and time has not been at all kind to it.Yes , there are one or two songs on it that still hold up
 The 2009 remaster is not worth buying unless : * You do n't own the same album already on CD . * You are an audiophile who is willing to pay big bucks for small improvements . * You like collecting stuff and want the cardboard and booklets that come with the new version.Everyone who is saying there is a dramatic audible difference between this release and the previous CD is wrong . I 'm not saying their opinion differs from mine , I 'm saying they 're wrong . That 's a strong statement , and I 'll try to back it up without getting too geeky.The Beatles remasters are a little louder than the 1987 CD releases . Music sounds better as it 's turned up a little louder -LRB- up to the point where it starts to annoy the listener -RRB- . Most people do n't have a way to exactly volume-level the two releases to compare them . That 's why they think the new ones are so much improved , when they 're only slightly improved . < geek mode on > Conventional wisdom is that most people can not detect a loudness change of less than 3 decibels . That 's not quite right -- most people can not detect a volume change of less than 3dB AS A VOLUME CHANGE . They can hear the difference but they think it 's something other than a difference in loudness . They think they 're hearing more detail , better bass , etc. -- and they are , because you can hear everything better when it 's louder , and you 'll like it better -LRB- up to that annoyance point -RRB- . When you go to an audio store to buy speakers , the salesman typically has a vested interest -LRB- commission -RRB- in steering you toward a particular speaker . The unscrupulous ones will set things up so their pet speakers are 1 to 2 decibels louder than the others . They do n't push it too far , or people will detect that it 's a loudness difference and ask to turn up the other speakers that the salesman wants to steer you away from.The differences between the old and new recordings are not large , and the new recordings certainly have n't been ruined by being made a little hotter . You can easily measure the volume differences by ripping the albums to your computer with a program that can compute replaygain values . The differences on most of the Beatles tracks are ... less than 3 dB . See where I 'm going with this ? The new recordings are louder , but not enough louder for many people to perceive the difference as a loudness difference.For example , the 1987 version of Come Together from Abbey Road has a track replaygain value of -2.88 . The remaster is -3.93 , or 1.05 dB louder . -LRB- In the replaygain scale , things get louder as the negative numbers get bigger . Many horribly limited modern pop recordings have replaygain values of -8 or worse . Uncompressed audiophile classical recordings typically have replaygain values near zero or even a dB or two above zero . -RRB- I ripped the new Beatles remaster to FLAC lossless format , storing replaygain values , and compared the new recording to my 1987 CD copy through a Logitech Squeezebox with Smart Gain enabled . This means I was able to listen to the new and old recordings at the same volume level . I also played them against each other with volume leveling off , and done this way it 's easy to see why most people prefer the new release . < geek mode off > When volume-matched , the difference between the old CDs and the new remasters is audible AND minimal . And occasional . The most obvious difference is a slightly less restricted lower end.We 're owed better than this for all this money and hype . At the least , we should have gotten something as good as the Yellow Submarine remixes . Nobody who has heard Eleanor Rigby from that remix will ever confuse it with the original or prefer the original . Love and the Yellow Submarine remix and Let It Be Naked and the damn XBox game prove that the people who own the original tapes can do better and they know it.They 're milking us . Are you a cow ?
 While it can be argued that this album may have proved to be the major catalyst for the flower power generation . As far as I am concerned it 's the most overrated piece of vinyl ever released . I also love all the bloated , pseudo-intellectualized analysis put forth in an effort to legitimize the worth of this over produced mass of noise . The final insult is that real rock groups like the Stones wasted time , effort , and my money trying to immitate it rather than dismissing it as the flash in the pan , `` latest thing '' , tortured opus that it actually represents in the continum of rock music .
 This caused a storm of controversy when it first hit the collector 's market in the late 1980 's . At that time , Sgt Pepper outtakes were very few and far between , so here comes this LP which promised alternate mixes from the LP -LRB- not just the usual alternate mixes from the released MONO version -RRB- . So I bought it -LRB- my seller almost stopped me because I was such a good customer , but did n't want to say anything with another customer close by -RRB- and take it home and give it a listen . This is nothing more than a poorly done remix of the Pepper LP to give the illusion of being outtakes , but are nothing of the sort . Whoever did this should be ashamed of themselves . Bottom line , this album is absolute garbage . Do n't buy it , buy the Anthology CD 's instead for the real thing .
 Had to return this item inasmuch as the embedded video interfered with the ability of my CD deck to `` read '' the disk . Player consistently identified the disk as damaged . Look for a version with no bonus video .
 If this were their debut album , ` Beatlemania ' never would have happened ; the screams of young fans would have been replaced with yawns - which is the exact reaction this album receives from those of us who never bought the hype.The ideas popularized by this album , and the Beatles in general , are still common today . Nobody disputes this . But , then , this is hardly a compliment . The `` revolutionary '' idea behind this album was to spend months and months touching-up mediocre songs with studio wizardry . This idea helps sell millions , and is thus important to Beatles fans who pay close attention to charts and sales-figures , and use them as an artistic yardstick . Couple this with a cutesy teen-friendly band image , tv appearances -LRB- * very * important -RRB- and completely harmless music comprised of brainless singalongs ... and you have the Beatles formula , and the formula for most modern pop music . So , I guess it 's true that pop music is the way it is today thanks to the beatles . It 's also ironic that the old nostalgic folk who adore the Beatles can somehow absolutely hate their modern counterparts -LRB- such as the Spice Girls -RRB- . Why the double standard ? They made the same music afterall.Few would disagree that this album is better remembered for its cover than for its songs . And , if possible , the cover has dated even worse than the music.No one is impressed by this album anymore . It 's a historical curiousity , nothing more.If this album really was the greatest music of the century , then I would never listen to music ever again .
 This album sucks . It 's a total rip off of Pet Sounds . What , did Ringo write the whole thing . They should have kept Stu Sutcliffe . Enough Sitar already . Plus , what the heck are marshmallow skies . Who is this Mr. Kite guy anyway , and what posseses him to waltz with a horse . Really , now .
 Now I hope that you can agree with me that it 's not really enjoyable to hear people talk about times before you were born , or have them play cds from their younger days , because it 's impossible for us to relate to that stuff . Now me , I have a dad that will try to no end to get me to listen to old stuff that he deems as `` important '' and `` meant something '' to him ages ago . What he does n't seem to realize is that it 's foolish for him when he tells me I `` need to grow up '' , when HE is still stuck in the era of hippys and be-boppers . YOU need to grow up , dad . Anyways , dad found out that I am building up some momentum as a professional review writer , and HE thinks I need to review some of the `` classics '' to gain more credebility . He handed me 3 dusty old records and said `` It would mean a lot to me if my son would listen to his father 's three favorite albums '' . Now in the past my dad 's records were something I sneak out of the sleeves when he 's at work and play frisbee with Morris -LRB- my dog -RRB- . But his birtday is next week so I figured that my present to him would be to review them . It 's the least I can do considering he bought me a Volkswagen Cabrio for my birthday last year.These will not be your typical Tuttleman reviews , because since I simply can not relate to the 50 's and 60 's and 70 's , I have no personal experience to relate these to . Sorry guys , please bare with me . Ok , here it goes.I 'm putting it on the record player right now . It says `` mono '' so this must be a pre-stereo artifact LOL . Ok ... crowd noise ... Hmmm . There is a guitar now that sounds like motorcycle rock . I thought the Beatles were before motorcycle rock . Maybe it was ahead of it 's time or something . Ok , i 'm looking at the packaging while it 's playing now ... Oh My God ! There 's a cardboard sheet where you can cut things out and one of them is a MUSTACHE ! That would look hilarious on my dog Morris . Maybe later . Next song is kind of like Hillbilly music because of the guys voice . YEEE-Haw ! Ok , next song is like weird drug music . Next one ... kind of motorcyle rock mixed with drug rock . Now sort of soft drug rock . Hmmmm ... the cover does n't even say `` Beatles '' anywhere on it . We 'll have to change that right now ... God , they look like such deranged , doped-up hippys it 's not even funny . This must be after Lennon died . Why would my dad ever listen to this when he swears that he never did drugs ? Ok , just got done with a sad Disney style song ... Weird ! the next song is like . . Circus clown music.Alright , now I have to walk over and flip the record or whatever . What a dumb concept . Ok , now it 's like uh ... oriental music . This is taking forever . Ok , now what the heck is with this next one ?! It 's like a showtune or something , but with a really crappy horn ! Whoever played the horn for the Beatles shoud have been thrown out of the band the second he pulled this crap . It sounds like he 's killing the horn . Now it 's an upbeat song with animal noises . Next , they play the first song over again -LRB- that 's original -RRB- . And the last one is like a slow song ... no , now it 's upbeat . Ok , at the end the symphony apparently got all doped up and had a swordfight with all of their instruments . Then there 's a bonus track of noise that plays over , and over , and over , and over , until you ca n't take it anymore and throw the cardboard case at the record player like a frisbee.In conclusion , this record makes me even more glad I was n't born in the 50 's or 60 's or 70 's , or whatever . The best part about it ended up being the cardboard mustache cut-out which looks really funny on a dog , but you will need to use masking tape or something . The record also has just about every instrument ever on it , but unless I missed it , they STILL could n't find room for a single harmonica . So there you have it
 this cd is ok , but i 'd recomend KoRn much more than this especially `` follow the leader '' or the self titled album `` KoRn '' .
 Almost every ` remastered ' CD I have bought is horrible , and worse than the original releases -LRB- with the exception of the Dire Straights CDs -RRB- . As is the case with the Genesis Trick of the Tail CD , there is no bass , and the highs are exaggerated beyond belief , accentuating sibilance to the point of extreme irritation . DO N'T BUY THIS CD ! Try to find the older version.I am incensed at this recording and how once again the remasters are a failure.Be sure you understand what `` helpful '' means before you say this review is not helpful . It does n't mean you agree with me !!!!!
 Just a few observations on the album and the reviews.On the album
 This is a great CD - the sound is crisp and clean . If you have an older CD , then this is the one to get.EXCEPT.Whomever decided to save a few bucks by replacing a jewel case with a cardboard sleeve should be taken out back . The point of the case is to PROTECT THE CD . A cardboard sleeve not only does n't protect it , but it actually damages it . Wherever there 's a seam in the sleeve , the CD will get scratched . Wherever the seam is glued , glue will leak out onto the CD when the package sits in a hot delivery truck.This is what happened to me . The CD arrived scratched and covered in glue . Fortunately , the damage was on the data track , so I had a chance to listen to the music before I had to return it.I will avoid buying any CD/DVD/BluRay that comes in a non-jewel case like the plague . Sure , it is eco-hostile -LRB- plastic never goes away , it just floats in the great garbage patch forever -RRB- , but there 's no point in buying a plastic disk only to have to return it .
 There are three really great songs on here - Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , Sgt. Pepper -LRB- reprise -RRB- , and A Day in the Life . While this is great , the rest of the album does n't really rock.If you have n't heard this , do n't expect the sound of the early Beatles that made them so popular . When I 'm Sixty Four is like some ragtime number . Getting Better and Good Morning , well , are being used as commercial jingles now . Within You Without You is almost universally agreed upon as the weakest point of this album . Fixing A Hole , Lovely Rita , and the Benefit of Mr. Kite are OK , but kind of mediocre.The summary is that this album starts strong and finishes strong , but there 's a huge valley in the middle on tracks 7 & 8 -LRB- Mr. Kite and Within You Without You -RRB- that is tough to get over.Biased Beatle fans give this 5-stars , which is fine , but it 's really a 2 or 3 star album .
 The product -LRB- CD -RRB- would not function in any of my three CD players . It malfunctioned in the same manner on all three players . I can only assume that poor quality control on the part of whatever organization produced and or shipped this product allowed this faulty product to be shipped . I returned it .
 This album must really be the one most overrated album of all time by - surprise - the one most overrated band ever to walk the earth . This is from the period in The Beatles ' careers where they could get away with murder ... in this case , murdering music . I never liked their vocals to start with . Even the huge amounts of reverb in this album ca n't cover up the fact that the guys could not freaking sing . McCartney had always sounded like someone squeezed his private parts while he was doing a vocal effort , but on this album his singing sounds more strained than ever . Lennon 's voice was only matched by his songwriting
 Come on , the greatest album in the history of rock ? I think not ! This was an arty farty experimental pop album at best . At worst it is over extravagance that does n't know what it 's trying to be . The Beatles are the most pampered and over indulged pop group in all of popular music history . Were they talented ? YES . Are they overrated ? Most certainly , and none more so than this album . Revolver is worthy of being in the top 10 of any poll . But this album never should be . When I am 64 indeed ...
 I ordered a brand new copy of the Sgt. Pepper 's cd . I paid the brand new price . I received a used CD . It had no plastic covering , and was labelled `` USED '' . I do n't think this is right . And there seems to be nowhere to complain except here .
 These remastered CD 's are a rip-off . You can not load them into your computer as a lot of people wish to do . The stupid documentary comes up every time . I am returning mine as the only way you can play them is on a CD player which I do n't wish to do .
 When my family used to play this sick old record I really had to laugh and enjoy myself tremendously as the recrod hit the inner groove `` we never do see Alice underwear '' or whatever ghibberish it said.CHANCES ARE a 100 out of 99 that the INNER GROOVE is skipped altogether from CD reelases which is a very sad affair !! The record itself is a narcoleptic misconception but I could listen to that inner groove for hours !!
 hI to everyone.Im gon na say it like it is . This album is terrible and dull.Oh yeh and it 's hopelessly contrived and utterly passable.Let me count votes.I expect a 100 whining ` no 's by 12 o clock tonite.Bless y' all
 Really really bad music sound as well as songs , Do n't buy this item unless you want to throw away your money . What a joke
 S.P.L.H.C.B.I remember reading in a 1966 London Newspaper the following header : Senior Policeoffers Lack Heriditary Control Ban.AND THE RECORD WAS JUST NOT MADE YET , SO MY THOUGHT IS THEY WERE ON DRUGS READING ANEWSPAPER.the only good songs with lyrics are flying and the meany theme.Bravo , et all !
 This really is an awful album from start to finish . For a start , the title is very misleading . I thought I was buying an album called `` Beatles '' by a brass band named `` Sgt Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band '' only to learn when I got home and played it that it was the opposite!Then there are the terrible songs , starting with the title track . The best part is the tuning up at the beginning , and then the singer says he 's going to introduce us to `` the one and only Billy Shears '' , but the song ends before we ever get to hear Billy sing . What a disappointment !! `` With A Little Help From My Friends '' is exactly what Ringo needs to make this song interesting . Not a patch on Joe Cocker 's original ! Then there is `` Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds '' , or LSD in other words . What ? A song about pounds , shillings and pence ? Give us a break please !! Next is `` Getting Better '' . No it 's not , it 's getting worse ! `` Me used to be angry young man . Me hiding me head in the sand '' ? So you should mate , with appalling grammar like that ! `` Fixing A Hole '' next . Only another 3999 to go then if you 're fixing it in Blackburn , Lancashire ! `` She 's Leaving Home '' , probably after being given this album as a present by her mum & dad . Give me Billy Bragg 's original anytime ! `` Being For The Benefit Of Mr Kite '' . What sort of title is that ? And `` The Hendersons will dance and sing '' . Not Dickie Henderson I hope , ` cos he 's crap ! `` Within You Without You '' . Er , without you thanks , George . If I want to listen to this kind of music , I 'll go to an Indian restaurant ! `` When I 'm 64 '' . Sounds like you already are , Paul , on this jolly old codger 's ditty ! `` Lovely Rita '' . `` Got the bill and Rita paid it '' ? You tight git !! `` Good Morning Good Morning '' . Good job there is a cockerel on it . It woke me up !! `` Sgt Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band -LRB- Reprise -RRB- '' . Still no Billy Shears ! Finally , we have `` A Day In The Life '' . `` The English Army had just won the war '' . Huh ? Do n't you know your history John ? Everyone knows that the Americans , in it from the start like the good ol' boys they are , won the war . We only came in after the Japanese bombed Poole Harbour!Anyway , enough ranting for now . A poor effort by anyone 's standards and to be avoided at all costs !
 This should have been released as a single with side A - Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , and Side B - A Day in the Life.The rest of this offering is just mediocre - Within You Without You , Mr. Kite , Fixing A Hole , etc. . Anyone who says that they are just discovering the Beatles and are impressed by this is exaggerating . It 's just not that great .
 If Fixing A Hole , She 's Leaving Home and Within You Without You had been replaced by the best songs on Magical Mystery Tour -LRB- Hello Goodbye , Penny Lane , Strawberry Fields , All You Need is Love -RRB- , which was released only months later , this would have been a 4 star album . There are a few good songs here though . The best is Sgt. Pepper .
 I 've always been amazed how many people want to refer to this album as a ` work of art ' or ` concept album ' only because they 've been told that 's what it is ; not because they 've actually judged it for themselves . I 've also noticed that the people who show evidence of having thought it out realize it 's just a bunch of cartoony drivel . A couple of the mindless pop tunes are decent
 I am a big fan of progressive rock . What I do n't understand is how people can rip Yes , King Crimson , etc to pieces and how they can be barred from entering the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . Yet , this pile of pop-garbage is hailed as the greatest thing since sliced bread . This album stands as a monument to the self-righteous , bloated image of the horrible baby-boomer demographic . How can people say this is visionary music , and in the same breath deride a true genius like Robert Fripp ? Face it , the Beatles are nothing more nor less than the 1960 's N'Sync . And why are all Beatles cd priced so high ? Because they know they can fool the conumer into buying this tripe . This disc makes a good coaster and nothing more . Do n't waste your money . Thank you for reading this .
 Rock ? Art ? If you want to call it that . Take it on its own terms . Do n't compare it to a symphony . It is what it is.And what is this music ? Whatever it is , it SOUNDS like something made by four musicians who given the studio time and an enormous budget came up with ambition . What 's it like to hear ambition ? Listen to this . Want to hear MUSIC ? Go elsewhere .
 I have always wanted a forum to express my views about this particular album , but , nonetheless , have been brutally silenced by those who wax poetic about Sgt. Pepper `` speaking for a whole generation '' and the `` melifluous nature '' of this `` grand work of art . '' If indeed this is a work of art , which gets into a discussion of post-modernism that is not particularly germaine to what I am writing , it is an overrated work of art . The propaganda machine that put the buzz in place about Sgt. Peppers was already well established in the U.S. by this time , and , considering the release date , it does n't surprise me that it received the attention it garnered . But give me a break ! Thirty-two years hence and people are still calling this one the greatest pieces of music in the twentieth century ? I can hear the moans from the aging boomers in their castles in the suburbs -LRB- on ground that used to be precious farmland -RRB- chiding me for my ignorance . Yet , I have seen your dream , I have seen what the countercultural haze left for my generation , and I realize that this specific piece of music rings of the same hollowness that this dream has become . Emptiness . Fatuous soulfulness turned into one-star Hollywood movies . All the dreams about turning back to the land and living peacefully with one another spurned for the big buck . This album , with all the hype surrounding it , speaks to me about how you boomers did not have the guts to live out the dream of peaceful revolution . It is an inferior piece of music representing an inferior generation . Peace be with you .
 `` I gave Pepper five stars because I do n't believe that the Beatles are capable of making an album with less stars . '' Oh , please.First of all , there are a number of Beatle albums , although good , that do n't rate as high as some of the best works by numerous groups of 60s & 70s including Led Zep , Pink Floyd and Hendrix . What unbiased reviewer would rate `` Yellow Submarine '' 5 stars?As far as Sgt. Pepper - the first track is great . The last track is great . The middle of the album is very mediocre . Two tracks ca n't save the album , but they each get a star . And this album has dated over time . It sounds old , while the better 5-star albums still sound fresh .
 Almost the entire album is mediocre and not worth a purchase . The lyrics and melodies are infantile and grating , not to mention repetitive . When I hear songs like Lovely Rita , or Good Morning , Good Morning , I cant help but think they are best suited for kindergardeners . The one exception to the album is `` A Day in the Life '' , one of my favorite songs of all time . This song is brilliant beyond description or compare , and redeems this album , making it a necessary purchase , unless you 're willling to tape that one song . Why this unbelievable mediocrity is so praised is beyond me . When you hear it I 'm sure you will agree .
 Often incorrectly highlighted as the Beatles ' most influential album -LRB- the early albums had demonstrably more impact in the future direction of popular music than Sgt. Pepper -RRB- , this album offers several interesting tracks , but equally as many weak offerings . OK , but not as inclined to be played today as the group 's earlier work .
 In my opinion , this was the worst mastering I have ever heard of a classic album . Especially a Beatles album . Vocals and instruments faded in and out or are missing altogether . Does n't anyone listen to these before they are sold to the public ? The poor mixing and production were no where close to the vinyl original in what I consider a blasphemy . I know this album by heart and as a long time musician I am sorely dissapointed .
 Far , far , far from the best album ever made . People say it captures the feel of 1967 psychedelia , but not as well as Hendrix 's `` Are You Experienced '' or Cream 's `` Disraeli Gears '' . People say it is the world 's greatest concept album , but it 's not even in the same league as Pink Floyd 's `` Dark Side of the Moon '' . The fact is that there are some good songs here -LRB- A Day in the Life , Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band -RRB- and some poor songs as well -LRB- Within You Without You , When I 'm 64 , With A Little Help From My Friends , Fixing A Hole -RRB- . Average them all out and you get a slightly below average album . 2-stars
 Mob Stereo is a punk band from NYC . They are like one of those bands you would see at the Continental or CBGB 's every weekend . They started in 2002 and now this is their first full-length album . The songs are short and simple . There is a sketch of them on the cover of this . At least the Ramones let us have a photo . Every song like `` Future '' only has three or four chords . All the songs are verse-chorus-verse . There are no guitar solos . The vocals by Noor Jahan . Her voice is very quiet for a punk band . There are many of these types of bands in San Francisco and Los Angeles , and when I see them , I usually hate them . Mob Stereo does n't really have any catchy tunes . They seem being comfortable being this tame band . I wish there was more energy on this record . When you get the song `` Revolution '' you wish for something faster with more excitement , not a ballad . I have heard worse . The Germs were n't too good at first .
 I was very disappointed in this purchase . The quality of the tape is so poor I have to turn the volume way up to even hear it . The enunciation of the songs is also poor - we could n't understand a number of them and had to refer to the songbook to decipher the words . Maybe the CD quality is better ?
 I have had an infuriating experience with Warner Music Group lasting a year , first , over the Rhino `` Brick '' box , and now the individual T-Heads DualDisc titles . My problem is physical damage to the discs , unnecessarily caused by obvious careless handling & packaging at the pressing plant.In the `` Brick '' , the unique white jewel cases come gouged and scratched , and the discs in both the Brick and individually-packaged titles , have fingerprints , smears , scratches , and pits.This began last year when I purchased the `` Brick '' upon release . When I opened the set , every jewel case was damaged . These cases have a solid white rear panel , and ca n't be commercially replaced . They are not individually shrink-wrapped -LRB- which would eliminate the problem -RRB- , and are obviously forcefully shoved into the box set 's plastic outer shell at the plant , hence the damage.It was worse inside each jewel case
 It 's really sad to see Talking Heads , one of the best bands of the '70s and '80s , in the sate they were on this album . But then again , I guess Byrne 's ego really got the better of him . Anyway , there are three very good songs here , to its credit . The problem is there are seven very bad ones . And one that just sort of exists.First , let me get the minimal good out of the way . The funky opening single `` Blind '' has a great horn chart - that 's a highlight for sure . The best song on the album , in fact . `` Mr. Jones '' is also a fun World Music dance track ; and '' -LRB- Nothin ' But -RRB- Flowers '' , another single , is a catchy tribute to the Byrds , or maybe early R.E.M. And while `` Cool Water '' would 've been laughed off Fear of Music or even Speaking in Tongues , at least it does n't irritate me.And that 's it . As far as I 'm concerned , the rest of the album is pathetic . My main problem with it is how awful the lyrics are - either pretentious but cliched -LRB- `` Ruby Dear '' - if you 're trying to make a Big Statement , do NOT use a canned line like `` If it 's to hell we 're going , I 'll see you there -RRB- , condescending -LRB- `` Mommy Daddy You and I '' ; `` Big Daddy '' -RRB- pretentious AND condescending -LRB- `` Bill '' -RRB- , or failed attempts at humor -LRB- the ironic `` Democratic Circus '' ; `` Totally Nude '' -RRB- . See , if any of them had decent arrangements , I 'd excuse the bad lyrics , call 'em mediocre songs , and move on . But they do n't - the arrangements too often rely on annoying gimmicks -LRB- pedal steel on `` Totally Nude '' ; accordion on `` Big Daddy '' ; Indian instrumentation on `` Bill '' ; an unnecessarily huge horn section honkin ' away on pretty much every song -RRB- . But to be fair , none of them are as bad as the group 's ultimate nadir , `` The Facts of Life '' , a slow industrial grind that attempts to philosophize about sex . Problem is it makes all the same points as `` Creatures of Love '' from Little Creatures - compare the refrains ... `` We are creature , creatures of love '' to `` Machines of love ... machines of love ... '' and so on and so forth . But again , it 's not just the lyrics that sink that ship , it 's the music . Those synthesized `` BOINK ! '' 's and the mechanical drums . Plus it goes on for six and a half minutes . Songs as atrocious as that should not be allowed to go that long.I love Talking Heads , let me say that . But this is pathetic . I would point you to several previous albums - Talking Heads 77 ; Fear of Music ; Remain in Light and Speaking in Tongues for studio work ; The Name of This Band is Talking Heads and Stop Making Sense if you want to hear them live . Please , for their legacy 's sake , stay far away from both this and the preceding True Stories . Every Talking Heads comp I know has all three key songs . The album is just superfluous , notable only for the endearingly stupid monkey on the cover and a few great songs that are readily available elsewhere .
 This is one of the worst albums I have heard . It seems the formula these days is to take a pretty boy with a decent voice and make him croon about 5th grade love songs . He needs to sit down and listen to boys to men stevie wonder and the temptations and find some inspiration
 Those who know me will attest that I 'm good at giving people second chances . Tank -LRB- Durrell Babbs -RRB- is no exception . His 2000 debut , `` Force of Nature , '' was an iffy release of so-so r & b that had one standout single , `` Maybe I Deserve . '' Though flawed , the album gave me hope that maybe Tank would release a sophomore effort that would live up to the promise of that single . But having just listened to `` One Man , '' I have the impression that he 's been spending more time sculpting his abs than his musical craft . The songs on this overlong 70 minute disc are divided into two categories . For the ladies , he has the tender ballads . For the tru dawgs , he has the hip-hop flavored r & b jams . He disappoints in both areas . The ballads sound like tepid R. Kelly throwaways that all sound the same . The upbeat tunes with guest rappers sound like forced attempts to give Tank street cred -LRB- fat chance -RRB- . And sampling melodies and lyrics from Marvin Gaye and Minnie Ripperton do n't say much in the way of originality . However , both the title track and `` Cake and Ice Cream '' are half-decent , if understated , numbers that wo n't sound out place on radio . But there 's not enough of `` One Man '' to elevate the disc above the predictable . It 's a one-way trip to r & b clicheland ; it 's `` freak '' this and `` party like a thug '' that . And like his counterpart Joe , Tank has an okay voice in need of personality . Ultimately , `` One Man '' is a frustrating CD from an able performer capable of doing better . His success , it appears , is due to image instead of invention . Down the road , he may come up with a bangin ' disc , but after listening to this record , I 'm not sure if I should be holding my breath .
 I did n't actually buy this CD and I 'm glad I did n't . I copied it from a friend . The thing I do n't understand is that I never was a fan of Tank 's voice from the beginning , so I do n't know why I thought I could bear this CD . There is something about Tank 's voice that annoys me . He sounds extremely monotone to me , which is evident on the first single `` One Man . '' He always sounds like he is afraid to let loose and have fun with his voice . He always sounds restrained . That 's the reason why I was n't fully able to enjoy this CD or anything that Tank has released in the past . Another bad thing about this CD is the wannabe `` r & b thug '' - ishness that CD takes on after about the 10th track . `` Let Me Live '' and `` Party Like a Thug '' sound like R. Kelly reject songs . I 'm so tired of all the `` bling bling '' in today 's hip hop and r & b ? Can anyone tell me exactly when r & b left the voice and the heart and went to the mall ?
 This is truly the low-water mark of the so-called Goth Music phenomenon . The members of this band are as lacking in taste as they are in talent . If you have any self-respect whatsoever , you will click the ` reverse ' button on your browser and pretend that you were n't even interested in buying this . Do n't misunderstand me ; I 'm not against goth music . In fact I rather like some of it ; the genre , when executed -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- competently , can either lift your spirits into a frenzy of bloodlust or plunge them along the razor edges of miasmatic dispair . About the only reaction you 're likely to receive from LONDON AFTER MIDNIGHT is an allergic rash . If you 're interested in goth music , go for the classics
 Eggar 's music is slow and somber . Either the piano or the recording resonates in a way that causes the piano to lack clarity and crispness . All the tunes left me feeling like a dark rainy day after some tradgedy . The slow tempo and sustained tones dying out to silence cause me to jump at the next chord . In contrast I find Michael Jones to be soothing - it keeps my interest constant and when I 'm focused on the music I can forget other things and relax .
 First off , let me admit I am extremely biased in favor of 1970 's KISS . To put it another way , I think 1970 's KISS was rock and roll done to absolute perfection ; post 1980 KISS is utterly bland , generic metal.What truly sinks this album is not so much the increasingly weak songwriting , which is only further marred by the numerous contributions from non-members like Bryan Adams -LRB- ?! -RRB- . No , what really kills it is the drum sound . Eric Carr may have been a better drummer than Peter Criss -LRB- which is n't really saying much -RRB- , but his drums sound hideous . If you like that cheesy 80 's metal drum sound with the massive gated reverb so it sounds like he 's playing in an empty gymnasium , then you 'll like this . I prefer my drums to sound like ... well , like REAL DRUMS.The only reason this gets 2 stars and not 1 , is `` I Love It Loud '' a great rock anthem and the only thing on this turkey of an album that is worthy of the band 's 70 's heyday.And putting Ace on the cover when he was n't on the album was such a crass commercial move , only KISS could have done it .
 Aside from the cover being my favorite KISS album cover EVER , Creatures of the Night is 1 of my least favorites from KISS . Do n't get me wrong , the title track is a great opener and it definitely ROCKS ! But the high points for me are `` I Love it Loud '' `` I Still Love You '' & my favorite from Creatures `` Killer `` Even though I only give Creatures 2 stars , I still recommend it .
 I am a huge classic -LRB- original lineup -RRB- KISS fan . However , this album fails in comparison to the other previous gems . As a kid and as an adult when I updated my collection to cd I thought Ace was on this album . But when I read the liner notes and part of the KISSTORY book I found out Ace had nothing to do with these sessions !!!! What a scam to consumers and fans to put Ace on the cover and in the `` Love it Loud '' video in the 80s when he was n't even a part of it !!!!! False advertising !!!!! Do n't waste your time or money with this album !!! Not worth it !!!!
 Goodness , gracious . If this music did n't come from the darkest pits of hell , then I do n't know what else did . This music is from KISS , a band that praises Satan and blasphemes our Lord . Music like this makes me agree with Tipper Gore . -LSB- ... -RSB- Please avoid and buy Britney 's `` Greatest Hits '' instead .
 I CANT REALLY COMMENT ON THIS RERCORDING BECAUSE WHEN I RECIEVED IT ALL IT DID WAS SKIP ALL OVER THE PLACE I WAS VERY DISSAPPOINTED BECAUSE I HAD THIS ON VINYL AND LOVED IT ! I GUESS I HAVE TO LOOK FOR IT AGAIN .
 The only really good song is `` Thrills in the Night '' . Avoid this one .
 I remember having the cassette of Animalize years ago and listening to some of the songs . Of course now I have the CD . While this is n't the greatest album , it does have some energy . Almost all of the songs are forgettable though -- just do n't leave much of an impression . Lick it Up is a little better than this album . `` Heavens on Fire '' is the standout track . I give this album actually 2.5 stars .
 In the early to mid-80 's KISS had awkwardly evolved into an 80 's hard-rock/hair-metal band . Personally I rank Animalize -LRB- 1984 -RRB- in the worst 3 or 4 albums of the KISS catalogue . But do n't get me wrong , it is still worth a listen if you are a KISS fan -LRB- and I think that everyone is deep down -RRB- . Unlike the early years when there were four stars in the band , by this stage it was strictly the Paul and Gene show . KISS had all but abandoned the sound -LRB- and make-up -RRB- that had been so successful throughout the 70 's . The harder musical style of this era was definitely more suited toPaul , whose rangy , powerful vocals often lift an average song . Unfortunately Gene 's vocals tend to take it the other way.Song By Song : I 've Had Enough -LRB- Into The Fire -RRB- -LRB- Paul -RRB- Decent song , near-metal with gutsy vocals . I like the song a lot more now than I did back in the 80 's . At the time I was n't quite used to Paul 's more aggressive , raspy vocals.Heaven 's On Fire -LRB- Paul -RRB- A KISS classic , what else can I say . If it was n't for this song , I might have given up on KISS back in the mid 80 's . Burn Bitch Burn -LRB- Gene -RRB- Gene , what were you thinking ? Somehow this throw-away , trashy 80 's rock song has actually aged reasonably well . Packed full of innuendo such as `` I wan na put my log in your fireplace '' . Get All You Can Take -LRB- Paul -RRB- Fairly cool rock song . Perhaps the first use of the `` F '' word in a KISS song ? If only Paul 's vocals were n't so strained . Good guitar riff.Lonely Is The Hunter -LRB- Gene -RRB- A boring , mostly pointless exercise in rock.Under The Gun -LRB- Paul -RRB- Another Stanley excursion into thrashy , Judas-Priest-like metal . A reasonable effort . Unfortunately KISS did a few too many of this type of song in the mid 80 's . This style was done better by other bands at the time.Thrills In The Night -LRB- Paul -RRB- Average commercial rock . Sounds a bit like a Gene song . Paul 's quality vocals manage to keep it interesting.While The City Sleeps -LRB- Gene -RRB- There are just so many better ways to spend three and a half minutes of your life.Murder In High Heels -LRB- Gene -RRB- A decent riff but little else . Gene obviously saw no need for a chorus in this song . Perhaps he assumed that no-one would get through While The City Sleeps.The album was produced by Paul with Gene and the overall sound is a bit cheap . The drum tracks were produced by Michael James Jackson -LRB- who produced COTN and Lick It Up -RRB- and the drum sound is pretty good . Most of the guitar solos are just mindless wank , as was the way at the time.Overall this is not classic KISS , but it has its moments and contains enough highlights to make it worthwhile .
 Although Kiss had a new guitar player -LRB- Mark St. John -RRB- , they continued in the same musical vein as the previous and weak `` LICK IT UP '' . With the help from hit maker Desmond Child , Kiss managed to get a major hit with `` Heaven 's on fire '' - a song that stands for everything connected to MTV-metal . The material on `` ANIMALIZE '' -LRB- 1984 -RRB- range from very lame to decent , with the exception of `` I 've had enough '' and `` Thrills in the night '' which are the only good songs here . Gene Simmons had got really rich by the time of this release and it does n't take a genius to notice how little effort he put in - the songs written by Simmons are just plain weak . There are a lot of songs that should not have made it to the final album but since Kiss chose to include the awful `` Burn bitch burn '' , `` Get all you can take '' , and `` Murder in high heels '' it 's clear that they had no self respect left at all.It 's just too bad that Kiss lost it all along the way , and if you compare the albums recorded by the original line up -LRB- including Ace Frehley and Peter Criss -RRB- to those from the 1980 's you 'll discover how much they differ in regards of quality and creativity . In the mid 1980 's , Kiss were really living on borrowed time , and loyal -LRB- deaf ? -RRB- fans was the only thing that kept them alive . Get this album if you want a complete Kiss album collection , otherwise you will do just fine without it . **
 When Gene Simmons said that he did not like any albums after Lick it Up , there was a reason for it . Simmons was barely involved in this album and Mark St. John may have been the worst Guitar player in Kiss history just because he never would have fit into the band . Heaven 's on Fire is a very good song but I would be hard pressed to think of another song that is good .
 A year later after Lick it Up 's release KISS returns but this time with a new guitarist who 's name really is n't worth mentioning . Why is that , you ask ? Well , this guy was only with KISS for about as long as the Album last 's . Anyway , I only really like 3 songs from Animalize and they are : `` I 've Had Enough -LRB- into the fire -RRB- '' RULES ! I love this song , Paul 's vocals once again make this song . 5 stars . `` Burn Bitch Burn '' My 10th favorite KISS song EVER ! Gene RULES and the backing vocals do to . 5 stars . `` While the City Sleeps '' I really like this song even though alot of people do n't . I think Gene delivers on this one and it could 've very well fit nicely on Creatures of the Night or Lick it Up IMO . 4 stars.Buy `` Animalize '' for these tracks ONLY or if you 're a KISS Fanatic like myself , you must complete your KISS collection .
 ... they really rock . And I have to admit , shamefully , that the 80 's Kiss albums are rock-laden collections that can put a party into full effect . But in reality these albums , Lick It up , Animalize and Asylum , are extremely boring rock albums with no direction -LRB- as stated in my Lick It Up review -RRB- . I think Tim Curry 's 1979 Fearless album was more exciting than this trio of albums . And it 's a shame to have to say so because Kiss is definately rock legends and certainly not your fly-by-night band of dumb kids with no senses left.But the days of old , those prehistoric 80 's , says that heavy metal had to be boring with alot of hair and girls to spike up the punch at a party . But when you require good music in your library , it 's very important to note Kiss ' 80 's trio of crap is not where your interests should lie.THe 80 's were a systematic time for Kiss where every move they made was mainly scrutinized by former fans who were sick up to here with Kiss because of the big letdown Kiss was noted for . But when you release a classic collection in the form of Creatures Of The Night and then turn around and barrage us with mediocre crap in the form of Lick It Up , Animalize and Asylum , you really need a vacation to reasses where you 're going in life . It 's a trick Paul McCartney needed to do by 1986 when he released the first pile of crap he saw . Kiss was certainly in need of a good overhaul - and that did n't happen until 1992 's Revenge.AC / DC , Led Zeppelin , Black Sabbath , Rolling Stones , The Who , The Beatles and Kiss . They all seem synonymous with rock history and legendary rock and roll . But it was over when John Bonham died , when Ozzy was fired , when Keith Moon died and when Kiss took off the make-up and wanted to be noted as serious musicians . Well history will tell you they were taken serious with the make-up on the music was inventive .
 Okay . One of lowest rankings for the albums because
 The mid eighties was not the best time for Kiss records . Especially Genes songs were terrible , just listen to the ones on this record -LRB- `` While the city sleeps '' is an exception , a pretty good song -RRB- . Paul also struggles , but he 's got some decent songs on this one . I liked this record when it was released , but would not listen to it today . Thrills in the night is a very cool song , but it is too slow .
 Some very raw rock here ; that 's why the 2 rating instead of a 1 . The opening song I 've Had Enough is actually one of the best album openers Kiss has ever had and Under the Gun is not a bad tune as well BUT the rest of the songs fail to impress bigtime.Thrills in The Night has to be one of the most annoying Kiss singles ever and all of Gene Simmons ' songs sound so bad he must have wrote them while he was counting his money .
 After KISS revived their career by releasing such standouts as `` Creatures of the Night '' and `` Lick It Up , Gene $ immons goes AWOL and KISS release a sorry album . Their is only one standout track `` Heavens On Fire '' . The rest of the album is pretty forgettable . Mark St. John was certainly no replacement for Vinnie Vincent . And the song writing certainly was not there . If you like Metal N Roll Kiss , buy `` Creatures Of The Night '' , `` Lick It Up '' and `` Revenge '' .
 If you are like me , you are a big Kiss fan , but are too cheap to buy every album they ever did . This is without a doubt their worst . If you must get it , buy it at a pawn shop or used record store ... . I 'm sure you wo n't have any trouble finding them there .
 After the success of Creatures Of The Night and Lick It Up , KISS decides to fire the one man who wrote the music that made them the great hits they were ... Vinnie Vincent , and its no surprise that soon after he was kicked out -LRB- Paul said he was kicked out for trying to make KISS the Vinnie Vincent band -RRB- , the band goes straight down hill with this album . In a nutshell all of the songs are easily forgetable except for Heavens On Fire -LRB- which you could easily find in a ... Rock folder in most Napster libraries -RRB- . I have been a loyal KISS fan ever since 1988 , have listened to most of their music . This and the preceding 80s album are terrible . Symbolic of KISS 's 83-85 failure.I suppose the only person who could get any pleasure out of this album is a die-hard 80s metalhead .
 it dosnt have my favorite members ACE & PETER those guys are the best and none of the songs are good even if when i do think of it having nothing to do with kiss
 I am a huge Kiss fan - I like and own all their albums-except this one bites . It is complete rubbish from start to finish and it is an embarassment to Gene and Paul as well as their fans . Asinine , juvenile lyrics make them -LRB- read GENE -RRB- sound like a 12 year old with his first Playboy and the songs are all plain uninspired and mediocre . `` Under The Gun '' is the second worst Kiss song of all time , second to `` No No No '' off of Crazy Nights . -LRB- Which is a good album -RRB- .
 Oh man this is bad , the songs on here can confuse your sexuality .
 What the previous reviewer neglected to say was that all of these songs are remakes . If you want to hear the original versions , look elsewhere .
 The music is great ! BUTI do n't know the reason why
 I am a noted Rock Historian and I have to say that Kiss is great , in an Alice Cooper kind of way . And much like the legends in their class , Ozzy Osbourne and Alice Cooper included , Kiss had their moments of triumph and of course downfalls.While most would see Dynasty as the groups decadence rising , rock historians would say that despite Dynasty 's disco mode , it really did n't suck nearly as back as Lick It Up . This is the album that Spinal Tap songs are culled . A cliche that was put out to move Kiss in the new direction . But if you go back a year sooner you will find that Creatures Of The Night was the direction we were promised but let down.Lick It Up is full of silly lyrical content from Gene Simmons , who is usually good for a laugh or two , as in `` Cold Gin '' . From the funny tracks , `` Dance All Over Your Face '' to the a-typical heavy metal hair band bantering of `` Fits Like A Glove '' , you are guaranteed a sloppy guitar driven pile of heavy metal suicide . `` Lick It Up '' was not only the worst song of the year -LRB- MTV and singles charts -RRB- , but also does nothing to assist in this album 's montage of boring songs that go nowhere and say nothing.If you want a great rock record to just do nothing to then put on Lick It Up but beware . it will tell you nothing as to what kind of band Kiss is very known to be . Exciting and flashy . This album lacks it all and is worth nothing more than the name of the band who shamelessly recorded and released this hopeless and meandering collection of songs for the 80 's .
 Vinnie Vincent gave Kiss a much needed shot in the arm when he joined for the Creatures of the Night album . On Lick It Up , the first -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- unmasked album continues the shift toward Vinnie-metal and gets Kiss back at least part way in the spotlight . This is another hard rocker for the band , but I do n't think it 's nearly as good of an album as Creatures . Also not as good as the follow-up with Mark St. John , Animalize .1 . Exciter - great rockin opener , one of the highlights2 . Not For The Innocent - Gene was not putting out a lot of good material during this period3 . Lick It Up - I think this song is stupid , but it was a minor hit and put Kiss back on the map I guess4 . Young And Wasted - Decent music , bad lyrics5 . Gim me More - lame6 . All Hell 's Breakin ' Loose - funny to hear Paul `` rap '' but another `` hit '' that I do n't like7 . A Million To One - this is a great Kiss song from Paul , and a highlight of the album8 . Fits Like A Glove - bad Gene song9 . Dance All Over Your Face - great title but a bad Gene song10 . And On The 8th Day - bad Gene songGene is my favorite member of Kiss , but he got a lot of clunkers on Lick It Up . get Creatures of the Night and Animalize before this album for `` heavy metal '' Kiss .
 `` It `` s only right now '' Sad lyrics sad album sad band everything about this album is terrifying.Stay away because if you listen to this album it will result in permament skull damage
 Totally Forgettable release.The very fact that the Japanese release had the Makeup cover speaks for itself . Its really another filler Album . Just ask yourself , how much of this material is in the bands later setlist -LRB- as stilted as that list is -RRB- . I have the Disc , like I usually say , Any KISS is good KISS . But the fun is more in the having the KISS stuff than enjoying the sound . When I do my compilation discs for my own play , there is nothing memorable here . Sad , but true that this is not a KISS album , but it may be a rock album . However , it is such a truism that KISS is in the show , and so very little , basically nothing , is evocative of the shows , even of the ANIMALIZE material -LRB- recorded on Video tape -RRB- . Another wasted chance for KISS to be * KISS * .
 KISS TAKES OFF THE MAKE UP BUT DOES IT COUNT IF IT IS ONLY GENE AND PAUL , IT IS A TOTAL GYP TO INJECT LIFE INTO A SAGGING RECORDING DEAL , POOR SALES ON BOTH UNASKED AND THE ELDER PLUS MODERATE SALES ON CREATURESOF THE NIGHT CAUSE THE SEMI-KISS TO REMOVE THE MAKE UP THE MUSIC IS AS WEAK AS THE IMAGE CHANGE , mOST BANDS CAN BLOW FART BUBBLES IN THE BATH WITH MORE MELODIES THAN THIS ALBUM , PASS THIS ONE UP BUY ROCK N ROLL OVER AND DESTROYER INSTEAD
 After their thunderous but commercially unsuccessful return to hard rock form with 1982 's ` Creatures of the Night ' , Kiss decided to resuscitate their fortunes by finally taking off the make-up . Though this seemed to work , and they continued in the renewed hard rock vein , they effectively adopted an approach that lumped their sound in with the pack of new 80s hair metal bands . Despite all their recent experimentation , they no longer sounded unique and ` Lick It Up ' marked the beginning of their least interesting period.Major production duties once again went to ` Creatures of the Night ' Producer , Michael James Jackson . But the massive drum sound of that album was abandoned and the style adopted for this effort became more straightforward fast hard rock . Though songwriting is restricted only to members in the band , it does n't make for a great result . But it does feel consistent and cohesive with new lead guitarist Vinnie Vincent -LRB- Vincent Cusano -RRB- contributing to 80 percent of the ten tracks with Paul Stanley co-writing half and Gene Simmons contributing to six . However , Simmons is back to his repetitive simplistic tricks , which means the dumbness quotient is back after four albums of merciful absence . Even Stanley 's songs are poor by his standards.The whole band , including drummer Eric Carr , co-write the worst song on the album , the excruciatingly embarrassing attempt at some form of spoken word street rap , ` All Hell 's Breakin ' Loose ' . Truly appalling , it must rank as the worst song Kiss has ever recorded . Generally Stanley and Simmons up the register of their voices and scream through half the album 's songs each . The characteristic cheeky sexual innuendo is dispensed with in favour of being blunt - a rather desperate attempt to be seen as bad boys.There 's not much to say . It 's all pretty lackluster and awful - energetic but lyrically and melodically lazy . The best songs are the title track , ` Exciter ' , ` Young and Wasted ' and ` A Million to One ' . But any Kiss collection would be just fine without them !
 Compared to `` Kiss , '' `` Destroyer , '' `` Dressed to Kill , '' `` Love Gun , '' and any other great album before `` Creatures of the night , '' this album pales . Compared to any album after it , and before `` Revenge , '' it 's ok .
 This album for the first time features what would be the new Kiss -LRB- sans makeup -RRB- . Even though unmasking saved the band from becoming has beens there is something lacking.The song Lick it Up sounds like a weak Shout It out Loud and the rest of the songs really do n't deserve a mention.Also the album begs the question ... if Vinnie Vincent was such a pain why did the band use him so much to help with songwriting?The one highlight on the album is the excellent guitar solo found on the song Exciter ; but guess what it 's not Vinnie , it was supplied by Rick Derringer !
 With 1983 's `` LICK IT UP '' , Vinnie Vincent had became the official replacement to long time fan favourite Ace Frehley . With only two original members -LRB- Gene Simmons & Paul Stanley -RRB- left in the band and a changing musical climate , Kiss decided to lose their trade mark
 Let 's clarify this
 -LRB- this is not a review -RRB- hey CRANKY REVIEWER i was intrigued by a review you wrote for a pink floyd album comparing it to britney spears so i read all the other reviews you 've written . i 'm trying to figure out if you are serious or if you wrote most of the reviews as a joke . if they are jokes then props , you 're clever . if not . . well . . i do n't really know what to say . if you read this then post back , i really want to know if your reviews are serious or not , you have sparked my curiosity .
 and I think the god must be crazy with a crappy music quality like this!she is not a singer , she is not able to write , play and read the scores/Music . She is an entertainer ! The problem is
 this is third cheesy song from her latest disasterous cd which bombed very badly.i could not stop laughing on watching her immature infantile antics of trying to commit suicide.this horrible single is like commting musical genocide.dont touch this stupid cd with a million foot pole.avoid at all costs .
 dont waste your time by listening to this piece of tr ** h containing four of the most terrible and lousy remixes you will ever get to hear.get rid of this cd immediately.not recommended.get any cd from the canned heat instead .
 i think britney is an ok artist but this song just proves that she is a bad singer and that she a studio artist she can sing live in the studio but she cant even perform live to her fans and if you want a real artist buy a christina album .
 It just surprises me when artists go soft , and they always do n't seem to make it happen . That has happened with Jennifer Lopez and other manufactured artists , especially Britney Spears . Her latest single , Everytime , the third track from In The Zone , really is n't as good as her other signatures . I was n't impressed at all at this song , it just sounded like a song Jessica Simpson conjured . With her image upon her previous songs
 I have to disagree with the earlier reviewer because his point of view is incorrect . Any of the `` Killers '' albums , whether on vinyl or on CD , US / European or Japanese , share the same 4 new songs . According to the CD-inlay of `` The Elder '' album they were recorded before that album but not appropiate enough to gain a place on that one so in that way they are outtakes in a sense , leftovers some might say , how good they sound . Only 2 of them made it on the 5-CD Kiss boxset . The Japanese version of `` Killers '' has compared to the US and European versions 2 more songs -LRB- `` Shandi '' from `` Unmasked '' album and `` Escape from the Island '' from `` The Elder '' album -RRB- but they are ` normal ' and do n't add anything extra , if you owe those albums already , like every Kiss fan will do . Those aforementioned songs are indeed great bonusses for which this album alone is worth its price , albeit sometimes a high one . For the rest this is simple a compilation , from which Kiss has -LRB- too -RRB- many on offer . Therefore 3 stars , for the four new songs only . -LCB- Ace is sorely missed -RRB- .
 I really enjoy Kiss , but I just do n't think any of the early studio recordings can beat the richness of Alive and Alive II . It just seams like something is missing here . The four extra soungs are probably just some extra tunes Paul had written that could not make it onto another album , like Unmasked , at the time .
 Let 's begin with the album cover , it 's no secret that despite it shows Ace Frehley he was not in the band anymore at the time of release of `` Killers '' nor did n't he play on any of the 4 new songs , who date from before `` The Elder '' - album -LRB- on which he also hardly played the leadguitar -RRB- . Well , the 4 not so new but never before released songs are worthful to buy this album , not for the other part , 8 -LRB- or 10 on the Japanese version -RRB- regular songs , taken from a string of album without any cohesion . Some are even from albums released in a short time before `` Killers '' and any Kiss fan would owe them already . Therefore they do n't add anything to your collection . `` I was made for loving you '' stems from `` Dynasty '' and is the regular album and singleversion , nothing more . It puzzles me why they didnt incorporate the far superior extended maxisingle version with an even more outstanding guitarsolo in the middle . As far as I know this is not available on CD , not even on the 5 CD Kiss boxset . That would have been a great extra , in stead of alreay owed and wellknown songs . Therefore 3 stars for the 4 newies alone , the rest is just a compilation like so many others .
 I was so disappointed in this video . You should know it 's underwritten by Huggies Training Pants -- they only tell you about the AMA part . The advice from the doctors is the same as you will find anywhere . The video is short , does n't go through any of the steps of actually using the potty , and the animation nothing to rave about . I purchased one book and one video for my son for potty training , and wish I had gotten a different video for sure !
 Item was in good condition . Seller was very prompt in getting the item to me .
 I expected to see in this video how specifically we manage to use pottys at gas station or in an airplane . None of those details this video was successful of showing us . Audio was awful and unclear . Too much stereotype about advice to parents .
 viewed it 1st was disappointed knodded my head in disbelief while watching , waiting , hoping !!! , the second time i tried to keep awake but could not keep my eyes open long enough , must of been those gravity waves in interstellar space out there in umm well you get the picture.My advise is for you to save your money and buy comos -LRB- the best imo -RRB- To be honest , i could n't wait to sell it used at a $ 10 lose through amzn.the following week -LRB- they get a commission for sold items -RRB- nonetheless , i am content i no longer own it.Next time i will rent before purchasing on amzn . Just So you know , `` cosmos '' i can watch over and over for years as this was my first box set from amzn . . the late carl sagans `` cosmos '' blows away `` the astronomer ''
 This guy can write , really write , so why do we have always the same old re-issues ? Such a shame , such a lost opportunity - or is it just the record company milking the back catalogue . Whatever , `` Al , get off your backside and write so & ntilde ; ething NEW '' . And your - somewhat aging fans will go out and buy it , just as we have year after year after year etc :
 I think Nicholas Payton is extraordinarily talented , well on his way to becoming one of the best jazz musicians of his generation . However , I think this CD relfects , perhaps , the incredibly fast pace of his stardom rather than a tribute to Louis . Some of the tunes -LRB- e.g. , Helly Dolly -RRB- are almost unrecognizable . Personally , I think only the last tune -LRB- West End Blues -RRB- really makes you think of Louis . And who told Nicholas that he could sing ? He 's an outstanding trumpeter but a less than medicore vocalist . I 'm not really disillusioned -- I will continue to buy his CD 's and follow his career . I 'm sure this is just a little bump in the road .
 I am sorry Nicholas , but as a true jazz affectionado , with over 1700 CD 's in my collection , I can truly say you let us down on this one . What you did here in tribute to Louis is to create an unlistenable collection of instrumental fusion that bears no resenblance to our beloved Louis . If I could have given you a zero rating , I would have.I want you to know I loved you with Doc Cheatham on `` Doc Cheatham & Nicholas Payton '' You deserve a 5 star rating on that CD .
 This does n't sound like Traditional Jazz , sometimes called New Orleans Jazz , to me . It does n't even sound like the broader classification of Dixieland Jazz to me . It sounds like bebop , or bop , to me.Louis Armstrong never degraded another musician as far as I know . Maybe Louie would have liked this , I do n't know . I do know that I do n't . There has never been another musician or singer with Louis ' ability to send the audience home humming the melodies of the tunes in his show . If I had never heard Hello Dolly or I 'll Be Glad When You 're Dead You Rascal You before I had heard this CD I would not be able to hum those tunes 10 minutes after hearing this CD . I 'm sorry , but being born in New Orleans does n't make you a New Orleans Jazz great.It is commendable that these modern music players have honored the great Louis Armstrong with this CD . The boppers should love it .
 Payton is too slick for me.I great musician with a great heartbut he over arranges and over produces.If you love Pops , listen to Pops !
 This album definitely catches up with the times and sounds mature . It even has a very introspective sound.It 's not just the song dedicated to Wendy Melvoin 's brother Jonathon that stands out with such sentimentality , but the other tracks share that same quality . However , enough is enough . You are left craving for something a little more up-beat ; Not necessarily in the sense of dance music -LRB- more oomph , if you will -RRB- . It 's almost like the more toned down version of an Alanis Morissette album.This is one time where I feel like this album requires more style than substance . It 's just too heavy to listen to at times . It also resembles a watered-down or diluted version of their Wendy & Lisa debut album from '87 -LRB- and that album was excellent ! -RRB- .
 Well , this CD has a few bright moments -LRB- the album cover being one of them -RRB- . Some of the actual songs -LRB- which are all clumped near the beginning -RRB- are n't so bad in a thrashy/noisy/industrial-ish vein , but after that it 's just samples galore for about the next eighty tracks . Some of the samples and their manipulation of such are amusing , but it gets boring ... really boring after about twenty minutes or so -LRB- mind you , the album runs about seventy-one minutes total -RRB- . If you really like noise or samples by the metric tonne , then this might be an enjoyable CD for you . But if that concept scares you , well , you 'd better just run away now ...
 I 've listened to enough John Fahey to know this disk is way sub par . Terrible selection . Dull presentation . Very dissapointed with this disk .
 I purchased this CD a few months ago with much eager anticipation of hearing more wonderful Cliburn playing . I was shocked to observe the indecent cover art , and the biography inside unabashedly slanders Mr. Cliburn 's reputation . I listened to the playing and it is undoubtedly Mr. Cliburn , but I know he 's never put out a CD with such a biography before . I contacted the president of the Van Cliburn Foundation to see if this was authorized . He replied saying that he did not know about this CD , and upon investigating he discovered that it is a pirate recording . This is an illegal CD and should NOT be purchased . I 'm alarmed that Amazon would sell something like this . We tried to notify Amazon , but it does n't seem to be working . Please , please , do n't buy this CD !!
 As with other solo projects by some of my favorite musicians , I have to admit that I was HIGHLY disappointed with this CD . If I look back at some of the other projects that some of my idols have worked on , such as Alex Lifeson 's `` Victor '' or John Petrucci 's `` Liquid Tension Experiment '' I have to ask myself why - Why did I even bother?My Favorite Headache is no different from the others I 've mentioned . I 'm an admitted Rush-aholic . I own every CD that group has ever released . When I heard that Geddy Lee , Rush 's lead singer/bassist/keyboardist was releasing a solo album , half of my winced while the other half cheered . Of course , being the Rush-aholic I am , I purchased the CD . All I can say is that the first track is n't `` bad '' . Now , I know it might be unfair to judge this CD by Rush CD 's Geddy has worked on in the past , but with a track record as succesful as his , there simply is no one else to compare his to . When a musician builds a history of success as high as Rush has , it will have to take a monumental achievement to compare any one menber of the band to the three combined.Other Rush fans will , no doubt , miss the high powered drum work and emotionally moving lyrics of Neil Peart as well as the lightning-fast and higly creative guitar riffs by Alex Lifeson . What this CD does is take some rather mediocre musicians , lead by one incredible musician and tosses them in a blender to see what happens.The music is subtle ; so subtle in fact that you might completely miss a song or two if you listen to it in a car , or while doing something else . The lyrics are ... well , let 's just say Geddy Lee has written some lyrics for other Rush songs in the past , `` Tears '' and `` Red Lenses '' stand out in my mind . His lyrics , although passable , sound as if they stretch for the rhyme rather than the reason.Now , Geddy even said himself that he was working on the CD as a whole and did n't want to show off too much on any one part . This would explain why this incredible bassist showed his talent on only the first part of the first song and then let it lay dormant througout the rest of the CD . Geddy 's talent , however , was possibly the one thing that could have saved this CD from the deep pits of mediocrity it 's now fallen into.Get this CD only if you 're an admitteed Rush-aholic who MUST have every CD even remotely related to the band . If you 're unsure , or want to listen to this CD for its musical qualities , pass it by . Any Rush CD is at least 10 times better than this experiment was .
 The same old story , when Rush release an album it 's over hyped by loyal die-heard fans , panned by critics and the rest of the world just does n't care . Now , on this outing it proves to be just the same . Although on this occasion the critics seem to have been correct and the rest of the world should remain oblivious.This album is not only dry , but lifeless , and in some ways lacking anything that can spark just an ounce of excitement . You would think blandness would n't stoop to such a level . But of course , if you 're 35 + , own all Rush albums , been to see them on every tour , you perhaps would n't agree . Let 's have an objective ear for a change?So many artists these days are making such a progression , doing something really worthwhile and exciting . To name a few Tool , GYBE ! , Sigur R&oacute;s , Rachel 's etc. . Even Alex Lifeson 's side-project was something new and original . At least he was ` in your face ' with his attitude towards writing.This album and its 11 songs fail to be executed with passion and precision . The ballads are too immaterial and the ` rocky ' songs are too light . Geddy 's voice remains detached with clinical production , as do most of the instruments . With the exception of Ben Minks delightful string arrangements , making his contribution the only noticeable one.With the advancement of the music scope and the magnificent albums of the past few years , I find this album sub-par and particularly embarrassing . Full of squeaky clean production , articulate instrumentation and not enough music that actually says anything to anyone .
 First of all , all you crazy RUSH fans must go back to your vinyl , tape , or CD archives and listen to the album `` RUSH '' and remember that this album was `` the original band 's FIRST recording ! '' Compared to the masterful work that the band is crafting up these days ... that first album sounds harsh , amatuerish , and downright primal . Having said all that , the same applied to Geddy Lee 's solo effort `` My Favorite Headache . '' Its a good album with the first track being one of the stronger pieces in the collection . And there are other good tracks in there , `` Grace to Grace '' among others ... but RUSH fans , Chill Out ! You are comparing 1/3 of the greatest rock trio , apples to apples . They are not the same ! Granted , it grates on the nerves of die hard RUSHers to hear Geddy Lee 's voice not crooning the cryptic and mathematically composed lyrics writtten by Neil Peart . Or its inconcievable to hear Geddy 's thumping bass not being complimented by Alex Lifeson 's masterful axe wailing in perfect unity . But Lee 's solo album is a work directly from his own heart and mind . And it is a good first album that I hope he can build on . Geddy , great first effort ! I like it ... and I like it even more when I hear it and figure out what you are saying in those lyrics ! So , you crazy RUSH fans -LRB- as I am one -RRB- just go buy the album and think of it as the twenty-second and one-half RUSH album . A Christmas treat to tie you over until the trio can complete RUSH XXIII !
 stick to singing and the bass , please . canadian humor in the lyrics of songs makes for piss-poor entertainment , aay . Now I know why geddy and alex write the music and leave the lyrics up to neil . both mfh and victor are weak in the lyrical department . This album is basically a rush fan ripoff peice and should be selling in the cheap bin or in the next bmg catalog for shipping in handling costs only -LRB- $ 2.75 -RRB- within a month . Do n't get me wrong , I love geddy and alex , but like they say , united we stand , solo we suck . next thing you know neil will be writing novels , oh yeh , he already did that . too late . one positive note
 Let me start by saying that I do enjoy most of Rush 's releases ; one thing I 've always liked about the band is their uncommon approach to rock music and their ability to develop their sound . I 've already listened to Alex Lifeson 's solo album -LRB- `` Victor '' -RRB- , and I have to say that `` My favorite headache '' confirms a growing belief that Rush 's members miss the mark as soon as they stretch for a solo album . It may be true that `` MFH '' simply lacks the talents of Alex Lifeson and Neal Peart , but this is not the sole reason why this record is such a disappointing affair . For `` MFH '' , Geddy Lee teamed up with Ben Mink , K.D.Lang 's long-time musical collaborator , a not unexpected pairing , perhaps , since Ben Mink once played electric violin on `` Losing it '' , a song from Rush 's 1982 album `` Signals '' . The performance of Ben and Geddy is adequate but lacks much-needed inspiration , a problem that plagues most of the songs - much of them are as tuneless as they are forgettable . Mind you , technical virtuosity in itself does not necessarily lead to a great listening experience . Most of the music on `` MFH '' seems forced and unnatural , this is due to the weak songwriting and to the decidedly ugly-sounding guitars which recall '80s hard rock at its least inspired . The title track kicks off with a funky bass line but soon gives away to horrible guitar riffs which are so discordant and robotic that it 's painful to listen . Dear Geddy , unless you want to ruin your cult status - do n't do this again ! I always thought that Rush tried to avoid this sort of rock music . The next few tracks purposely avoid memorable melodies and add nothing new to the formula . Also , the even-handed production makes the mid-tempo songs sound very undistinguished and outdated . Fortunately , the disc 's second half is a little more varied - there are a few songs that pack a bit of a punch . `` Still '' is a fairly decent track which resembles `` Heresy '' -LRB- off 1990 's `` Roll the bones '' -RRB- in both melody and singing style , and `` The angel 's share '' shows a more relaxed direction . The latter piece and `` Slipping '' reveal , albeit briefly , Geddy 's musical sensibility and come up with acceptable lyrics . This is n't quite enough to make `` MFH '' of interest to anyone but the most dedicated Geddy Lee fans , yet those listeners will certainly find that there 's enough worth hearing on this album . Do I have any buyers ?
 I love Rush . I started liking Rush back in ' 81 . Geddy Lee is an awesome bass player . But this album just stinks . I bought it , hoping for something fresh , but it felt like recycled new Rush -LRB- not a good thing -RRB- I went so far as to sell the CD at a used CD place and nuke the MP3s from my drive . I really really wanted to like it . But there were no redeeming qualities .
 I thought this would be the `` ROCK BASS ALBUM OF THE CENTURY '' instead it was just another bassist who strayed away from the instrument and instead tried to be well accomplished `` everything '' . I just wish he would 've made it a more bass oriented album -- that 's what I was looking for . I EVEN PUT DOWN JACK BRUCE 'S NEW CD FOR THIS ONE , BOY WAS THAT A HUGE MISTAKE !!!
 ... evidently is more for Alex Lifeson and Neil Peart , than Geddy Lee . Really , for the chemistry the three of them bring to creating , performing and capturing the essence of a great peice of music.I bought this album after reading all the great reviews on Amazon.com , but am really bummed that I did not take a listen to the sound clips prior to buying . My bad!Don ' t get me wrong , Geddy 's bass riffs are great on this album and he is up to par with any of his previous work with Rush . However , the album is not much different than a Rush album , with the lack of true chemistry - which a Peart , Lifeson and Lee album provides.The guitar tones and solo work could have been better and I would have loved to hear Geddy venture into some new areas with both his music and his lyrics . Drums can go either way , though can anyone match Neil in the way that he plays?Maybe I am getting too old and I 've missed the mark on what Geddy was wanting to do . But I am not likely to put this CD in the car to be part of my CD rotation .
 Over the years , when I think of the Canadian Progressive Rock Band , the word that immediately comes to mind is stability . When drummer Neil Peart joined Rush in 1975 , it would start one of the most consistent Rock productions in music history . For the most part , from 1975 through 1996 , Rush would average an new album about every one to two years . Throughout this period of time , the lineup remained a constant - Neil Peart on Drums , Alex Lifeson on Guitar , and Geddy Lee on Vocals , Bass , and Keyboards . After their 1996 release , `` Test for Echo '' , things would change . The band would embark on what would be their longest hiatus due to the tragic and separate deaths of Neil Peart 's wife and daughter . As a result of these tragedies , Rush went on hold . While it was completely understandable to give Neil time to put his life back together , Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson began to keep busy . It was during this time that Geddy Lee embarked on his first solo project outside of Rush . The result is the release of `` My Favorite Headache '' . Because this was a release by Geddy Lee , it was immediately an attractive collection to me . However , while this is n't a bad album - overall the album did not meet the high expectations I had set for it.For starters , although this is a `` solo '' album by Geddy Lee - this is a team effort by those musicians that were involved . Joining Geddy on this effort are musicians Ben Mink and Matt Cameron . The lineup for `` My Favorite Headache '' has a similar feel to that of Rush - in terms of the lineup being a trio with distinct responsibilities . Of course , Geddy is the vocalist - and plays Bass and Keyboards . He also adds some Piano and Percussion to this lineup . Ben Mink plays Guitars and also contributes Violins and Violas . Those who are familiar with Matt Cameron will remember his days as drummer for Pearl Jam . Cameron is going to do a solid job on drums , but this particular effort is n't going to require the thundering drumming style of Neil Peart . While Rush was always a band that created almost every sound on the album , Geddy will employ more outsiders -LRB- after all - this is a `` solo '' project -RRB- . What is also different is the use of such string instruments such as Steel Guitars , Violins , Violas , and Cellos . This gives the album a very different feel.As for the songwriting responsibilities , things have changed a bit from Rush . In Rush , the responsibilities were always clear . Neil Peart was always a man of few spoken words , but when it came to written words - Peart was the lyricist for Rush . Peart established himself as one of the premier lyricists in Rock history . The writing of the music fell to Alex and Geddy . Obviously , for Geddy 's solo project - there was going to be no Neil or Alex to work this effort . On this collection , it is Geddy who actually takes on the role of the lyricist . Geddy continues to be the writing of the music - this time in collaboration with Ben Mink . Working with Neil Peart for so many years must have really rubbed off on Geddy . On `` My Favorite Headache '' , Geddy writes some very intelligent and intricate lyrics . The writing of the lyrics is n't what is wrong with this album.With talented musicians , a wide variety of instrumentation , and very good lyrics - this seems to have the formula for a home run collection . However , I am very surprised - but this album just does n't `` grab '' me . Overall the project seems more like an `` experiment '' by Geddy Lee . It is n't that Geddy has `` filler '' songs or garbage songs on this album . The biggest problem I have with this album is there is little that keeps my attention span going . There is n't that one great song that stands out . In fact , there it is hard to find places where there is a great series of chords that stand out . Sometimes you can pull out all of the stops for an effort - but sometimes when you do this , things do n't quiet work out the way you intended . I think this is what has happened to Geddy Lee on `` My Favorite Headache '' . The second-half of `` My Favorite Headache '' contains the better songs . The song , `` The Angels Share '' is interesting - and one of the better tracks . We hear an acoustic-sounding guitar to in the song . This is probably a new direction Geddy wanted to take - this is actually something that Geddy brought back to Rush . My favorite track is probably `` Moving to Bohemia '' . This song is the closest track on the album to being the `` standout '' track . This song also contains some good use of the String instruments . The song `` Slipping '' opens up with some Piano Work - definitely something not heard on a Rush album before . It then goes into some more acoustic-styled guitar . This song also puts a bit of a `` romantic '' spin - something not seen much on a Rush song . Other good songs are `` Still '' and `` Grace to Grace '' . The packaging of the CD is in the `` Digipak '' format . As someone who also `` collects '' CDs , I still prefer the Jewel Case . I find the Jewel Cases more durable than the Digipaks with tend to wear around the edges . Plus , even if a Jewel Case cracks - you can easily replace . I was also disappointed by this CD that it did n't have much in the way of liner notes . There were no lyrics included in the packaging . Overall , while Geddy 's solo effort has all of the ingredients to be a quality release - it really does n't hit the mark . I do think that if Geddy were to release another `` solo '' project , it does have the potential to be a great release . Unfortunately this one is going to only please the serious Rush or Geddy fan .
 There was a time when listening to a Rush album was a very liberating experience . The ability of these three songwriters/musicians to generate a wall of sound was and still is unparalled in the rock arena . Add to that , Peart 's ability to write lyrics about complex philosophical issues without sounding trite , for the most part , was most often nothing short of ` wow ' . Unfortunately , those days have passed , I 'm afraid , as a result of both myself and the band growing older . I no longer have the emotional chaos needed to latch on to music that speaks to the adolescent in me , and the band no longer has the energy/anger to pull it off . Unfortunately , both of us keep trying to find that ` spirit of the radio ' . As for Geddy 's album , it 's just another dissappointment to add to the fall of music ... another product not capable of standing out on its musical merits but content with being one of the heard . Just comparing it to Miles Davis , Bob Marley or even the ` old ' Rush proves the point .
 Long time fan . Very eager listener of the boys of Rush . So you 'd think that I 'd be head over heals for anything from anybody from Rush , but this solo project of Geddy 's is very disappointing . The whole album is flat . The lyrics are trite . It seems as though Geddy did n't even try at all at his vocals . This whole album drags . I would not spend the money on this album until you see it in the bargain bin . Only then buy it so it can sit on your self to the day it hopefully soon goes out for print so it can be sold for a few extra bucks as a collectors item to some mindless , blind and over exuberant fan . It seems to me that Geddy was counting on just such a fan to buy this slop . Just riding on the past successes and coattails of the group laborings of Rush .
 It is apparent by listening to this album that Geddy Lee is probably the most significant compositional voice in Rush , a band whose music has never sustained itself on songwriting alone . Part of Rush 's appeal is the flashy , yet tasteful playing that 's integrated into their compositions . Geddy Lee on his own just sounds like Rush without Alex and Neil - i.e. - without balls . And now one can see why Geddy does not write Rush 's lyrics -LRB- which ai n't always the greatest in the first place -RRB- . Nice title track , though .
 I am big Rush fan , among other prog bands , and really want to get this CD . However , I wo n't buy a CD not packaged in a jewel box . The record companies can stuff it up their you know whats if they are going to sell me something that looks like a used newspaper after a year . I have CDs that are heavily played , and still look like new after 16 years ! Anyone know if MFH is available outside the US and Canada in normal packaging , like other albums I have seen?My rating is based on the LP-like packaging . Definitely not the music , since I have n't heard it yet!Judging by the reviews , it looks pretty killer !
 Geddy Lee should stay in Canada and stop making stupid records , either with Rush or solo . Why ca n't he be as great as Beyonce ? Speaking of whom , her fantastic second solo album is due this September . But THAT instead . It 's gon na tear up the charts ! Mark my words .
 On the surface , this debut album by Ricky Fante is a breath of fresh air in an era of synthesized sampled soul , but upon several listens , there 's nothing that digs deep enough to be memorable . All the poses are there -- the raspy voice , the Memphis-sounding horns , the call-and response background vocals , but imitation is not necessarily the foundation of a lasting career . Otis Redding , Wilson Pickett , and Al Green , all of whom are echoed here , are originals and innovators , and had better written songs to work with . I suspect this album will become a crossover staple and Grammy favorite -- it is very easy to digest . But there 's really nothing to stir the soul and rock the foundation of the listener . I prefer more spirit and danger in my soul music .
 Ricky Fante has some decent range but is at best a Modern era version of Dobie Gray.He is vocally right to do a Cover of `` Drift Away '' but that would give Him away far to soon.alot of Hype but not much depth here . not bad vocally but nothing to get excited just yet.time will tell .
 This man is adorable . With one sound of his raspy flavor and one glance at his cute face , I felt like I could not dare miss out . I went out of my way to get this cd only having heard `` It Ai n't Easy '' which I love . I love it so much it 's the only song I bother to play . Maybe with so many other greats like Jill , Van and Anthony I 'm not giving Ricky a chance , but there 's nothing that stands out on this cd . It borders on pretty damn boring , actually . I want so badly to like this cd because I am a sucker for young artists taking me back to the old flavor , but this is something I was not ready for . It 's difficult to describe with words BUT I give this man serious props for staying true to his style and bringing us his music ... it 's just not for me .
 Everything appears to be okay coming in . You have Ricky Fant&eacute; , a guy who can carry a tune over some throwback old soul record tracks . You have the lovely percussion and horn arrangements as well as some Motown-esque background singers . But something feels very wrong here . There is n't much substance . The lyrics themselves are as clich&eacute;d as they come -LRB- especially in ' I Let You Go '
 Please Note
 This Recording does not even come close to the original soundtrack , Not that I do n't like Mary Martin & Theodore Bikel , but the quality of this CD and of the recording in particular is horrendous , The performers are good , they just did n't do the music justice . If you are a big Rodgers & Hammerstein fan , Like I am , Go for the Original Soundtrack Recording With Julie Andrews .
 a somewhat weak effort from the Helloween boys . equivalent in quality to the Pink Bubbles album . Hit and miss throughout . Best songs are
 As someone who got into Helloween in 1989 , I have followed the band closely and have all their albums . I watched the band grow , change and then return to the power metal style and I have to ask , how many times can a band put out the same album -LRB- see AC-DC , Overkill -RRB- ? There is no growth in songwriting or musicianship here . Absolutely nothing new or interesting . Just a band that should have called it quits after Master of the Rings -LRB- although I have to say that Time of the Oath is a decent album -RRB- . In fact the band hits a new low here with the song Laudate Dominum . Helloween has always been about goofy songs , but this makes `` Heavy Metal Hamsters '' look like a masterpiece . The only songs worth listening to on this album are `` I Can '' and `` Time '' . Weike and Markus , please do n't spit on my mind by putting out garbage like this .
 Otherwise good songs on this album are held down by two major flaws , in my humble opinion : First
 I was disappointed in this CD because I did n't find the music was as soothing as I would have expected from the title . Much of the music tended to be faster beats , loud , and somewhat `` noisy '' . The CD is not bad , but it 's just not as relaxing as other CD 's I 've listened to .
 The reason I did n't immediately review this product after getting it in the mail over 2 years ago is because I was disappointed with it . I 'm not familiar with pianists , classics , instrumentals , or the likes , but I bought this because it says `` relaxing '' , and I thought I could really listen to something like this while I lie down trying to `` relax '' . I actually did n't find it relaxing , I found it boring it actually put me to sleep out of boredom every time I tried to listen to it . I think I can count how many times I 've played the cd since 2 years ago . Not more than 10 times I believe .
 There is an album provided to follow along for those of us who are learning about classical music . Unfortunately there are several errors only apparent when you play the CDs on a computer that tells you that what is playing does not match the album & CD label . I paid $ 17 for this album & am very unhappy with it .
 received this disk today and put it on the stereo . i knew when i ordered the cd that all of the pieces were time worn and trite , but they are all inherently lovely . these are possibly the worst recordings and the worst interpretations of every one of these lovely pieces that i have ever experienced . anyone familiar with these classic pieces would be as offended as i -LRB- and the composers of course -RRB- and the cps went straight into the trash bin where they belong . it is hard to imagine that anyone would turn out such a miserable series of recordings . it is upsetting to imagine that this may be an introduction into classical piano music for some people . whoever put this together for EMI should be ashamed of themselves .
 I will start this review by stating that I 'm probably the biggest 30 year old Ronnie Milsap fan in the world as I feel my appreciation for his talent goes beyond that of many people . Even after a career that has lasted 40 years , the general public remains sadly unaware of how musically diverse this man really is because his music has been aimed primarily at the country music audience for far too long . The truth is that Ronnie Milsap is soooo much more than just a country singer . With a soaring vocal range that rivals Roy Orbison and remarkable versatility that only Linda Ronstadt can match , Milsap may be the most criminally underappreciated singer in American music ! There is n't a male country singer on the charts today who can compete with Milsap 's vocal skills.Long before Garth Brooks or Shania Twain broadened the appeal of country music to young audiences in the 90 's , this multi-dimensional singer/pianist with a background in classical music was crossing over onto the pop charts with smooth , soulful tunes that often sounded anything but country . If you explore Milsap 's albums of the 80 's and 90 's , you will find pop , R&B ; , rock n ' roll , doo wop , and even funk and disco songs that rarely got played on the radio . Prior to all of this , Ronnie Milsap was a mainstream R&B ; singer in the 1960 's , cutting obscure singles in the vein of Ray Charles that few people ever heard . -LCB- Fans should seek out these early R&B ; recordings and be blown away . Ronnie 's voice sounds so black you can hardly believe it 's him !! -RCB- In 1993 , Milsap found himself kicked off country radio as Garth , Alan , Tim , and Kenny were hitting their stride with far less talent , but a wider assortment of cowboy hats , tight jeans , and nasal twang . Nashville 's `` young country '' movement was in full swing by then , which saw nearly every country artist from the past two decades suddenly tossed aside by record labels and radio programmers in an effort to promote the new cowboy clones who would appeal to young music fans discovering country music for the first time . That same year , Ronnie released a strong , musically diverse album titled `` True Believer '' that was ignored by radio and the public upon its release.Milsap took a break from recording in the mid-90 's and spent the next ten years touring with his band , recording the occasional album , and being ignored by country radio all the while . My anticipation was high for a daring new CD that would expose today 's music lovers to this extraordinary singer whose talent stretches far beyond one type of music . Instead , Ronnie signed a new contract with his former label RCA and decided to focus on a return to the uninspiring world of mainstream country music . In June 2006 , Ronnie released `` My Life '' , his first mainstream country album since 1993 's True Believer.The result is a step in the wrong direction that is hard for a fan like me to stomach . This does n't feel or sound like a Ronnie Milsap album at all . Gone is the stunning musical diversity , R&B ; influences , and trademark piano playing that have marked his previous efforts . Ronnie always co-produces his albums , but now we have Alan Jackson 's producer Keith Stegall taking full control of this effort . Stegall 's production tries too hard to present Ronnie as another generic country artist , stripping away all signs of the great versatility that makes Milsap so impressive . What we have here is literally a Kenny Chesney or Tim McGraw CD with Ronnie Milsap on lead vocals !! 1 . YOU DO N'T KNOW MY LOVE -- The album begins with the second single . This is a decent tune featuring a strong Milsap vocal , but the arrangement and instrumentation is total generic country all the way . This radio-ready tune is right in line with all the other cookie-cutter songs on the charts today , but is it getting any airplay on country radio at all ??? There 's a very simple reason why we ca n't hear Ronnie Milsap on the radio anymore ... Nashville would find it too unsettling to hear a 63 year old man blow away every male country star on the charts today !! 2 . IT 'S ALL COMING BACK TO ME NOW -- A forgettable piece of cookie-cutter contemporary country that is average at best . There is nothing to distinguish this generic song from a million others you 've heard elsewhere .3 . MY LIFE -- One of the strongest songs on the CD with meaningful lyrics and a nice chorus , but a bland melody in the verses keeps the song from being anything truly special .4 . IF IT 'S GON NA RAIN -- A heartfelt vocal performance from Ronnie on this pure country ballad that is probably the best tune on the CD . The problem is ... this is clearly a George Strait song that somehow ended up on a Ronnie Milsap CD instead of a George Strait CD . As a Milsap fan , I 'm much more interested in hearing Ronnie Milsap sing a song intended for Ronnie Milsap ! -LCB- I would also love to know how George Strait gets inducted into the country music hall of fame BEFORE Ronnie Milsap ???? Ronnie was already a star when Strait was still in high school !! -RCB- 5 . TIME KEEPS SLIPPING AWAY -- My least favorite tune on the CD . This sounds too much like the typical fluff you 've heard from other male country singers . Total cookie cutter country that was obviously written for anyone else but Milsap . Notice how Ronnie tries to make the most of this average tune by wailing the final note to great effect ! 6 . WHY CA N'T I -- More generic contemporary country that is slightly improved by Ronnie 's soaring vocals on the choruses .7 . A DAY IN THE LIFE OF AMERICA -- Here is the one song on the album that dares to sound different from everything else . A great set of lyrics about the current rat race lifestyle lived by many Americans is spoiled by a weak melody . With a different arrangement and a stronger melody , this song could be a real gem .8 . SOMEWHERE DRY -- A decent ballad that ranks with `` If it 's Gon na Rain '' as the best song here , but still not up to the quality of Milsap 's classic ballads . Another solid Milsap vocal performance enhances the song .9 . LOCAL GIRLS -- The biggest mistake on the album and easily the weakest single Milsap has ever released . A corny , lightweight slice of bubblegum country that might sound appropriate on a Kenny Chesney CD , but is certainly beneath the high standards of Mr. Milsap ! Ronnie has never sung a more silly set of lyrics ... `` NIBBLIN ' ON A BANANA MOON PIE WHEN I SWORE I SAW AN ANGEL FROM HEAVEN FLOATIN ' BY ... '' Much of Ronnie 's music has always had a commercial sound , but never to the point of sounding like a sell-out which this particular song certainly sounds like . When compared to great Milsap classics such as `` Smoky Mountain Rain '' , `` It was Almost like a Song '' , or `` Stranger in my House '' , this silly piece of fluff is literally embarrassing .10 . EVERY FIRE -- A generic but solid country ballad that is a definite improvement over `` Local Girls '' . The melody is decent and Ronnie handles the lyrics well as always .11 . ACCEPT MY LOVE -- I was hoping for a truly dynamic closing tune to save this set of mediocre , commercial country . Instead , Ronnie ends the CD with the most cookie-cutter song on the whole album ! This is yet another piece of modern country fluff that sounds like a hundred other country songs by a hundred other country singers.While this is n't a bad CD , it is easily the weakest album Ronnie Milsap has ever recorded . It is sad to think Ronnie sorted through ONE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED SONGS to come up with 11 average tunes that pale in comparison to any of his 40 number one hits ! Comparing these songs to anything Ronnie has recorded in the past will show you just how mediocre this CD really is . At age 63 , Ronnie 's voice remains as strong and vibrant as ever , but this set of contemporary cookie-cutter country does not represent anything Milsap is about except for his desperation to get back on the charts that he was unjustly kicked off of 14 years ago . This is obviously Nashville 's bullsh ** system that is robbing Ronnie of any creative freedom over his music.It frustrates me to see Ronnie trying for a comeback in a current country music industry where talent and originality takes a backseat to youth , sex appeal , commercialism , and having to clone every other singer on the charts . If I was in his shoes , I would be exploring any musical avenue available outside the dreadful country music scene that has been on a steady downhill fall for over ten years . The vocal range and diversity of this man should give him the same stature as Ray Charles , Linda Ronstadt , Elton John , Billy Joel , or Paul McCartney ! The only thing these artists have that Ronnie Milsap lacks is songwriting ability.What Ronnie desperately needs now is to join forces with a great , open-minded producer who is more interested in capturing the full scope of Milsap 's musical talents rather than trying to get him back on the charts . Rick Rubin remarkably revived Johnny Cash 's career with albums that exposed Johnny 's music to the MTV crowd without turning him into a rock star . A guy like Rubin would have the authority and ability to thrust Milsap 's career into a whole new realm ... without selling him out . The two of them could produce a stunning -LCB- and sorely needed -RCB- album to showcase Ronnie 's remarkable mastery of rock n ' roll , pop , R&B ; , blues , funk , jazz , and even classical music that the general public knows nothing about ! Johnny Cash could never `` rock out '' or tackle pop and R&B ; sounds the way Milsap can . If the younger audience can embrace a guy like Cash , they should go crazy over a guy like Ronnie Milsap . It could be one of the greatest comeback stories in American music . But it is not to be , at least for now.With this CD , Ronnie will most likely be looked at as some has-been country singer trying to keep up with Toby Keith , Kenny Chesney , Tim McGraw , and the other inferior country clones who have only half the talent Ronnie has ! I cringe at the thought of this outstanding musician putting out more music in this vein while continuing to be overlooked and underappreciated by music fans everywhere . If you are a new Milsap fan , check out Ronnie 's great albums from the 80 's and 90 's for a taste of `` MILSAP MAGIC '' at its best!We will have to wait and see what the future holds for Ronnie Milsap . As his biggest admirer , I say it is about time the music world wakes up and finally realizes what Ronnie Milsap is and always has been ... . a singer/pianist of the highest calibre who blows away anybody in the Top 40 today !
 I will start this review by stating that I am the biggest 29 year old Ronnie Milsap fan in the world as I feel my appreciation for his talent goes beyond that of most people . Even after a career that has lasted 40 years , the general public is still sadly unaware of how musically diverse this man really is because his music has been aimed primarily at the country music market for far too long . The truth is that Ronnie Milsap is soooo much more than just a country singer . He is one of the most versatile and underappreciated recording artists in American music !! Long before Garth Brooks or Shania Twain broadened the appeal of country music to young audiences in the 90 's , this multi-talented singer/pianist with a background in classical music was crossing over onto the pop charts with smooth pop-inflected tunes that often sounded anything but country . If you explore Milsap 's albums of the 80 's and 90 's , you will find pop , blues , R&B ; , funk , disco , doo wop , and rock n ' roll songs that rarely got played on the radio . Prior to all of this , Ronnie Milsap was a mainstream R&B ; singer in the 1960 's , cutting obscure singles in the vein of Ray Charles that few people ever heard . -LCB- Fans should seek out these early R&B ; recordings and be blown away . Ronnie 's voice sounds so black you can hardly believe it 's him !! -RCB- In 1993 , Milsap found himself kicked off country radio as Garth , Alan , Tim , and Kenny were hitting their stride with far less talent , but a wider assortment of cowboy hats , tight jeans , and nasal twang . Nashville 's `` young country '' movement was in full swing by then , which saw nearly every country artist from the past two decades suddenly tossed aside by record labels and radio programmers in an effort to further promote the new cowboy clones who would appeal to teenaged record buyers just discovering country music . That same year , Ronnie released a strong , diverse album called `` True Believer '' that was ignored by radio and the public upon its release.Milsap took a break from recording in the mid-90 's and spent the next ten years touring with his band , recording the occasional album , and being ignored by country radio all the while . My anticipation was high for a daring new CD that would finally show the world that this is an extraordinary singer whose talent stretches far beyond one type of music . Instead , Ronnie signed a new contract with his former label RCA and decided to follow the typical route by focusing on a return to the uninspiring world of mainstream country music . In June 2006 , Ronnie released `` My Life '' , his first mainstream country album since 1993 's True Believer.The result is a profound step in the wrong direction that is hard for a fan like me to stomach . This does n't feel or sound like a Ronnie Milsap album at all . What we have here is literally a Kenny Chesney or Tim McGraw CD with Ronnie Milsap on lead vocals !! While this is n't a horrible CD , it is easily the weakest album Ronnie Milsap has ever recorded . Gone is the stunning musical diversity , top-notch material , and trademark piano playing that have marked his other efforts . At age 63 , Ronnie 's voice is as strong and vibrant as ever , but this new set of contemporary cookie-cutter country does not represent anything Milsap is about ... except for his desperation to get back on the charts where he has always belonged.The first single is a silly slice of modern bubblegum country -LCB- lo lo lo lo Local Girls -RCB- that might sound appropriate on a Kenny Chesney CD , but is certainly beneath the high standards of Mr. Milsap ! Much of Ronnie 's music has always had a commercial and radio-friendly sound , but never to the point of sounding like a sell-out which this particular song certainly sounds like . It is sad to think Ronnie sorted through ONE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED SONGS to come up with 11 average tunes that pale in comparison to any of his 40 number one hits ! This is obviously Nashville 's bullsh ** system that is robbing Milsap of any creative freedom over his music.If I was in Ronnie Milsap 's shoes , I would be exploring any musical avenue available outside the vomit-provoking country music scene that has been on a steady downhill fall for over ten years . The vocal range and diversity of this man should put him in the same league as Ray Charles , Linda Ronstadt , Elton John , Billy Joel , or Paul McCartney ! The only thing these artists have that Ronnie Milsap lacks is songwriting ability.What Ronnie desperately needs now is to join forces with a great , open-minded producer like Rick Rubin who remarkably revived the career of Johnny Cash in the 90 's with albums that exposed Johnny 's music to the MTV crowd without turning him into a heavy metal or rap star . A guy like Rubin would have the authority and ability to thrust Milsap 's career into a whole new realm ... without selling him out . The two of them could produce a truly stunning -LCB- and sorely needed -RCB- album to showcase Ronnie 's remarkable mastery of rock n ' roll , pop , R&B ; , blues , funk , jazz , and even classical music that the general public knows nothing about!Johnny Cash could never rock out on a song or tackle modern pop , rock , or R&B ; sounds the way Milsap can . If the younger audience can embrace a guy like Cash , they should go NUTS over a guy like Ronnie Milsap ! It could easily be one of the greatest comeback stories in American music . But it is not to be , at least for now.With this CD , Ronnie will most likely be looked at as some has-been country singer trying to keep up with Toby Keith , Kenny Chesney , Tim McGraw , and the other inferior country clones who have only a fraction of the talent Milsap has ! I cringe at the thought of this outstanding artist putting out more music in this vein while continuing to be criminally underappreciated by music fans everywhere . We will have to wait and see what the future holds for Ronnie Milsap . As his biggest admirer , I hope this review will somehow reach Ronnie to let him know he has fans who realize he is capable of SO MUCH MORE than the CD we have here .
 I just received this CD , they fail to mention in the description that it has been REMASTERED !!!! It sounds AWFUL all the background vocals and music is almost in auditable , I am VERY dissapionted with one , you will be too , trust me .
 Folks , let 's cut right to the quick
 Ittook forever to get here . It langusihed in the local PO for a week
 I purchased a CD and an audio cassette of the movie Annie . This is a review of the cassette.If there were a no star rating , this would be it . The cassette was defective - not even one-half of it can be heard clearly . I would think that the seller would be more honest than to SELL a defective tape .
 Just whose idea was it to make a sentimental , cheesy musical about orphans , of all sentimental , cheesy things , featuring the underdeveloped belty voices of a few dozen young kids?Ugh . Just listening to Annie 's voice makes me want to tear my hair out . The rest of the cast would be fine ... with about five extra years on their ages . There 's nothing wrong with most of the actual songs on the album ... while `` Tomorrow '' gets on my nerves , `` Maybe '' is actually quite touching . It 's the little voices singing them that are killing me . The adult cast is fine.Well , time has had its revenge on these young performers ... their voices are forever ruined by too much vocal training . Good riddance .
 Charles Strouse would stoop to any level to make a buck off his limited musical talents . Charles Strouse is shameless . Charles Strouse continues the broadway tradition of continually lowering the standard of taste on the musical stage , and appealing to the lowest american intellect and taste .
 This cd sucks ! Nobody can sing ! Andrea McCardle is a horrible annie . Reid Shelton is the worst Daddy Warbucks Ever . Bert Healy sucks too . I Hate This Cd . Please Do n't buy this , I ` ts Horrible ! It 's A Humiliation To The Musical Annie ! I 'm 16 , and I Grew Up with Aileen Quinn as Annie . Alicia Morton is The Best Annie . If you want a good Annie Cd , Buy The Television soundtrack to Annie . Everybody on this cd Sucks !
 I can not imagine what Sony or their sad , sad technicians were thinking - or NOT thinking when they `` remastered '' this great musical . I HOPE - and one can only hope - whomever it was that `` remastered '' this music -LRB- and I ca n't imagine why they would call it re-MASTERED -RRB- that they got FIRED afterwards or went back to basic recording school . MASTERING a musical CD means that you check your levels and balance - something they either forgot to do or were too busy talking while they should have been listening to what they were doing . Did Sony imagine they 'd be able to sell this on it 's own merits ... that being an attractive , well known , sell-able music CD of a charming musical - while duping the buying public -LRB- sadly ME included -RRB- that it would be something worth having for any Broadway music collection ?? Well I was most assuredly fooled . Even with my cheap -LRB- Sony by the way -RRB- 2 track tape deck could have come up with better than this rendition . I just can not abide that some highly technical `` master '' of recording equipment could n't fix this before the thing was committed to a glass cd master to be cut in quantity , offered and distributed as a `` remastered '' version that SHOULD have been BETTER than the original but sadly is n't even close . I thankfully , still have a cassette tape version of this musical from when it was first released many years ago and prefer that to this impossible display of cd `` mastering '' I have EVER heard - and I 've heard a lot of quality remastered CD 's - but this is n't one of them . THE ONLY saving grace of this CD is some of the extras that have been included . But not at full price . . if you ask me . Think twice or at least understand at the outset what you 're getting ... a very poorly `` rekindled - NOT remastered '' CD that has some singers sounding as if the `` technicians '' forgot to bring up the volume on those tracks . Pretty sad , pretty sad . Disappointing . Love the musical - HATE the lousy CD .
 I had the original performance on tape so I was really excited to see this `` digitally remastered '' on CD -LRB- with bonus tracks to boot -RRB- . I know the songs very well -- which characters sang and at what time . WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!On `` It 's the Hard-Knock Life '' you ca n't even hear some of the orphans in the background . The same is true for `` NYC '' , `` We 'd Like to Thank You Herbert Hoover '' and `` You 're Never Fully Dressed Without a Smile '' just to name a few -LRB- you ca n't even hear the men singing , just mumbling -RRB- . Not the best rendition out there .
 I could n't wait to get this CD . I was even more thrilled to find it had been `` Digitally Remastered '' . It was `` Digitally Destroyed '' . When it comes time to hear key lyric phrases of most of the songs , it sounds like the singer is in the next run trying to be heard . I do n't know what Sony did to this recording , but had I known I would have never purchased this CD . The sound will come out ... Tomorrow ????
 The musical is charming , but this recording of the musical is awful . In fact , it is the worst recording of anything I have ever heard . It sounds like one microphone was used to record the CD live on stage , so that the singers sound louder or softer depending on where they were standing on stage . Not only does this lead to awful sounding duets , but even soloists sound at times like they are 100 feet from the microphone . Avoid this recording like the plague .
 My school was considering doing a production of Annie so I randomly chose one of the CD offerings and this one was it . Several reviewers gave it very high marks , so I thought that the few that did n't must have misheard or something.But no ... the negatives are unfortunately correct . The numbers featuring just the principals sound fine , even if they are n't digitally remastered -LRB- ? -RRB- , and the `` bonus '' tracks at the end with piano intros , spoken notes , rough takes , etc , are actually quite interesting from a technical standpoint.But the CHORAL NUMBERS ARE LACKING especially the ones with the orphans . Some of the orphans come out nice and loud a clear but in a few songs -LRB- Hard Knock Life , NYC -RRB- the occasional line is buried in the background . It 's as though they were singing on another track/microphone that was never properly mixed into this recording , as though another mic was picking them up from a distance.It 's quite disconcerting actually to hear nice loud clear voices then suddenly this little voice far away , slightly echoing singing a line that you ca n't quite hear , then suddenly back to nice and loud.So I 'm afraid for that reason , I can only give it 2 stars . The solos and duets are fine , but the choral numbers need remixing . Now I have to try and find better copies of Hard Knock and NYC among others.Very sad .
 I 'll have to say that I picked this up due to the liner notes plugging it by saying it was worldbeat infused . I found that not to be the case though . The closest they come to that is the closing track `` Oloololo '' . Still , that does n't carry a worldbeat sound though . All in all , the high points here are `` From A Moving Train '' and `` Wednesday Morning '' . `` Town & Country '' has some good character , as does `` Overwhelming World Suite '' . It 's lukewarm at best .
 yes this cd is smoothly produced , but there is nothing here to sink your teeth into . just more mundane sappy songs . after listening to this cd it left me hungry for the old america . what ever happened to the great harmonies and intricate acoustic guitar work ? there are some hints here of past glory but not enough to satisfy.America needs to return to its roots with this cd it appears to be withering on the vine .
 Never mind what some of the other reviewers have gushed about Human Nature . > People are selling it on Amazon for a penny ! Think about that!This album should have never been released . For a classy group like America with a fairly impressive pedigree and an historical string of quality projects . . especially their first few releases ... this one is agonizing to listen to and makes your heart break for Gerry and Dewey.In the wake of a very solid latter day release like Hourglass , this one is extremely hard to take . Production is unbearably weak . This collection sounds like it was recorded on a shoestring budget . The songs themselves are non descript and the weakest in the entire America canon.Take it from someone who is an avid fan and owner of every single release by the guys , Human Nature is clearly the low point of a long discography . > It is noteworthy that after the abysmal failure of this album America ceased with new recordings .
 Sibelius ' second symphony is one of my absolute favorite pieces of music . This recording , however , is an absolute travesty . Among other problems , the tempo in this recording is far too fast and it lacks the slowly rising tension that makes the piece so compelling . Its horribly frustrating to listen to . Try Davis or Karajan instead
 in this sad dream we call life , a lucky few will hear `` under your spell '' . unfortunately , it wo n't be discovered like the treasure it is , but instead will be spoiled to those that watched a cheap pop action film ... oh ... what could have been . such loveliness is waiting ... be was only captured on two tracks . the rest meander and what we are left feeling like the poor girl on the album cover . . deprived of a certain something that needs not be repeated . heaven sakes , is n't it obvious ? desire may return and really reveal the magic within -LRB- and have actually done so with a leaked track entitled `` tears from heaven '' -RRB- but for now they run the risk of vanishing like a fleeting dream . still , what a lovely distraction.i , for one , find the intro absolutely enchanting and i long to see what they could possible do if they aimed for something more cinematic and mysterious . by the time you hit the second track , it 's a complete thud towards the momentum .
 Okay - I 'm upset at the Funk Doc . Up through Doc 's Da Name 2000 , Redman continued to reach up to higher levels with each of his releases . His beats and lyrics seemed to age like fine wine , improving with time . But with the unfortunate arrival of Malpractice , this has all changed for the worse . Now , we have a tired sounding Reggie Noble who for the first time in his career , has decided to recycle old samples and lyrics from past albums - and not only is this material stale , it 's completely out of context with this album . And since when does Redman sample DMX - the very type of rapper who is the exact opposite of the underground -LRB- the underground that Redman was apparently content with being a part of in the past -RRB- . In sum , this album is weak on all fronts . Especially the ... Casio keyboard beats . Reggie - get your a $ $ back in the studio and start blazin some hot new -LSB- stuff -RSB- , cuz this album only belongs in the ...
 The problem with this album was that it was too predictable -LRB- same song structure , same guest stars , etc. -RRB- and he made a poor choice for a first single -LRB- `` Let 's Get Dirty '' -RRB- . This helped make 2001 the year for Wack Rap Albums . For your next album , Red , tell producer Erick Sermon to step his game up -LRB- for once -RRB- , and also , chill with those stupid radio skits ; they 're not funny anymore .
 How do you see an album like this one coming ? What Thee Album , Dare Iz A Darkside , Muddy Waters and Doc 's Da Name 2000 were all great albums . So why does this stink . 1 . He sounds uninspired on here . 2 . He has too many of his local homies who all -LRB- except for Icarus and Jamal -RRB- suck . The Good
 Okay - I 'm upset at the Funk Doc . Up through Doc 's Da Name 2000 , Redman continued to reach up to higher levels with each of his releases . His beats and lyrics seemed to age like fine wine , improving with time . But with the unfortunate arrival of Malpractice , this has all changed for the worse . Now , we have a tired sounding Reggie Noble who for the first time in his career , has decided to recycle old samples and lyrics from past albums - and not only is this material stale , it 's completely out of context with this album . And since when does Redman sample DMX - the very type of rapper who is the exact opposite of the underground -LRB- the underground that Redman was apparently content with being a part of in the past -RRB- . In sum , this album is weak on all fronts . Especially the ... Casio keyboard beats . Reggie - get your a $ $ back in the studio and start blazin some hot new -LSB- stuff -RSB- , cuz this album only belongs in the ...
 The problem with this album was that it was too predictable -LRB- same song structure , same guest stars , etc. -RRB- and he made a poor choice for a first single -LRB- `` Let 's Get Dirty '' -RRB- . This helped make 2001 the year for Wack Rap Albums . For your next album , Red , tell producer Erick Sermon to step his game up -LRB- for once -RRB- , and also , chill with those stupid radio skits ; they 're not funny anymore .
 How do you see an album like this one coming ? What Thee Album , Dare Iz A Darkside , Muddy Waters and Doc 's Da Name 2000 were all great albums . So why does this stink . 1 . He sounds uninspired on here . 2 . He has too many of his local homies who all -LRB- except for Icarus and Jamal -RRB- suck . The Good
 There is a reason why you can not listen to any tracks on Amazon - you would n't buy if you could . I read a number of reviews and figured that it was worth a try given that Metallica was mentioned as being similar in some small way . This band is nothing even near Metallica . I have thrown the disk away - do n't bother .
 Big Ed is tryin to be too hard on this one . He really ai n't no good . I like some of the beats and the other rappers verses , especially Fiend 's and Mystikal 's . The guest rappers almost make the album worth the one star I HAD TO give it .
 I AM ON A MISSION TO BRING HIS RATING DOWN . IT IS VERY MISLEADING . I AM A NL FAN , BUT THIS MAN SOUNDS LIKE ONE OF THOSE RAPPERS WHO SHOULD NEVER MAKE IT . I BOUGHT IT BECAUSE I WAS ON THE NL BANDWAGON , JUST LIKE EVERYBODY ELSE . BEATS BY THE POUND ARE VERY TALENTED , BUT THE ASSASSIN NEEDS DIVINE INTERVENTION TO GET ANYTHING BUT A ONE FROM OL' JAY DUB . LSG-4-LFE ! HE DOES SOUND LIKE HE COULD BE ` BOUT IT , THOUGH . HE NEEDS TO CHANGE HIS FLOW OR STAY UNDERGROUND ; THE MAINSTREAM AI N'T FOR HIM .
 Is it a band ? It seems to be really a solo project with dolts standing around in awe of a has been -LRB- just look the the website -RRB- . I think this band again band ??? takes the best parts of the Goth world and ruins it . Maybe if it was 1980 something they might be cool but it 's NOT the 1980 's it 's 2004 . The record sounds like it was recorded in a basement by a tone-deaf-dwarf using tin cans and string to record instead of microphones , not to mention a horrible violation use of a drum machine , it does n't even sound like they tried to make the drums more acoustic , not that drum machines are bad , new order proves that but this music needed a kick to get it moving , I feel like it 's plodding along too slow instead of rocking ... this is not the sisters of mercy by a long shot ! Not even close ... this band should say there prayers that someone would actually spend money on this ... Ok here are a few things to take notice : The first track could be very very cool if it was played faster and with real drums , bring the vocals up more ... great little guitar riff.The track heaven raining bullets is a good song , it 's again ashame that they did n't use real drums.The semi acoustic song is good but it 's really cheesy , this is a `` Goth '' band right?The interludes between songs IS annoyingAll in all this could have been a really great record had they taken the 5 years to actually invest time and money into the craft and come out with something that is as powerful as the newer bands music these days like Thursday ... your better off going out and buying a best of record from some other 80 's Goth band over this `` new '' bands cd ... save your money .
 Stay away from this album . The band is in a constant state of flux , the lead singer DJ 's on the weekends at some low level bar in Newark . The band members leave on a regular basis . Save your money and download the free music off the net .
 If you really want to learn to PLAY -LRB- not bang on -RRB- the piano , get a well-qualified piano teacher instead of a product like this . You really need a teacher to show you how to play with proper technique and style . There 's no such thing as a short-cut piano method ; not if you 're serious about playing expressively , that is .
 If you really want to learn to PLAY -LRB- not bang on -RRB- the piano , get a well-qualified piano teacher instead of a product like this . You really need a teacher to show you how to play with proper technique and style . There 's no such thing as a short-cut piano method ; not if you 're serious about playing expressively , that is .
 The listing is for a CD by the Band Of The Army Air Corps -LRB- UK -RRB- . The description is for a more interesting recording by the Band Of The Royal Logistics Corps . The marches listed on the cover illustration do n't match the track listing . I contacted Amazon regarding this . They replied they saw no problem . I would have liked the Logistics Corps recording , but I do n't know which one would have been sent , so I did n't order .
 While there are some nice parts in ' A New Brain ' they are few and far in between . So few and far in between that anywhere `` in between '' is boring and a near torture to sit through . ` Sitting Becalmed in the Lee of Cuttyhunk ' and ` Eating Myself up Alive ' are phenominal and they are the standout songs on this set , but they should n't be the standout songs.Songs like ' I Feel So Much Spring -LRB- which should be the standout song -RRB- ' ` I 'd Rather Be Sailing ' and ` And They 're Off ' are ineffective and silly . Rhyming herd with four letter word and ideede with ziti -LRB- in Calamari -RRB- shows a lack of good lyric writing and complete use of forced rhyme , which is evident throughout the piece . ` I 'd Rather Be Sailing ' is outright ridiculous.Where ' A New Brain ' fails the most is in completely missing great comic potential . Here , Finn had a opportunity to write catchy comic numbers with ` Poor , Unsuccessful , and Fat ' and ` The Homeless Lady 's Revenge . ' However , what we are left with are boring `` filler '' type songs , that really acheive no purpose by being in the score.Overall - some of it 's enjoyable , but ' A New Brain ' is a less than mediocre show that belonged where it was - off Broadway . ' I Feel So Much Spring ' was the biggest disappointment after what I read on here . A very weak song and a very poor way to end the show . ' A New Brain ' quickly took a dormant position on my cd shelf - never to be heard from again .
 This CD is Yuck ! True there are some good songs in it but too bad it is serounded by crap
 I agree with David . This work is nothing special and lacks all the qualities of a great show . I do n't agree with three stars however ... it 's not even deserving of that.There was next to nothing enjoyable about this recording . The libretto is complete rubbish , and the score -LRB- although nice at times -RRB- is quite lack-luster . The singing performances are good but it 's not enough to bring about all this praise of a show that really is n't deserving of much.I did n't laugh , I did n't cry , and I just did n't care ... I did n't care about the lyrics , music , or the characters . There was nothing to draw me in to say `` This is fantastic . '' Rather I was left board and ca n't seem to find anyone who wants this cd . Used places turn it down ... because they have other copies.You may like it , but it was a waste for me.I also love how people who disagree with reviews site them as `` not helpful . '' I always find the negative reviews much more helpful . As 99 percent of the reviews show here = if people like something they give it five stars . I did n't like this , so I gave it two ... which it was deserving of.In short - it 's just taking up space .
 First off , I 'm not going to disparage this album , James Murphy , or any of his collaborators . This is n't terrible music . It 's fun , bouncy , and fills a room . Certain tracks even stand out like All My Friends , and Us V Them has a particularly David Byrne/Sly feel that really moves . I 've been a musician as long as I could hold a woodwind or a guitar , and I can certainly appreciate anyone 's artistic vision or contribution to a collage of sound . My problem is that I just do n't feel Sound of Silver breaks any new musical ground . Just like the Art Brut album that swept Europe and littered every 2006 top ten list -LRB- or even best ever ! -RRB- from Q , Uncut , to Billboard , I just do n't see the talent , originality , or depth.If I want pulsing beats and atmospheric dub that I can disappear into I put on Human Mesh Dance or Plastikman . For fun dance music with some creativity , I 'll throw on the first Basement Jaxx or Leftfield . Danceable beats with lyrics to boot - Crowded House , Depeche Mode , or Pet Shop Boys . Quirky lyrics with some poignancy and social commentary - Talking Heads or TMBG . These are all just examples of course , and everyone 's taste certainly differs , but I just feel like this is nothing new and certainly nothing special . All the above people just do these parts better . To be on everyone 's annual `` Best '' lists and be regarded as a `` Great Artist '' , I expect a lot more . I would just hope that the people who really enjoy this would seek out the music that it attempts to pull together and see what they might be missing .
 Why is everyone lauding this second effort from LCD Soundsystem so much ? It sounds like his first album . I own his first double CD album and this , `` Sound Of Silver '' , just sounds like a rehash of that . It 's well produced , fairly nice to listen to , but it just seems as if LCD Soundsystem realizes they have a hook , something that people will buy , so that 's what they 'll put out . And unfortunately , I was duped into buying it . I wasted money on an album -LRB- ` Sound Of Silver ' -RRB- that I basically could have heard by listening to his first album . All of the songs on this album sound like songs on his first , and the lyrics on some of the songs are laughable in the least , which I would quote verbatim from the lyric sheet , had I already not gotten rid of this CD , due to its taking up space in my CD rack . ` New York ... ' , is a riot , anyone who produces a track like this can not expect to be taken seriously . I hope for his next album that he does better , although I 'm fairly certain I wo n't be buying it anyway .
 I read the reviews of this cd and expected to get something I did not . My favorite track was `` Us v. Them '' which sounds a bit like a poor man 's Talking Heads . The songs tend to get monotonous and the vocals do not seem appropriate to the music at all , in fact they got on my nerves most of the time . If you want a great electronic/dance/rock cd check out MGMT 's first full length LP Oracular Spectacular . I has everything that Sound of Silver lacks and a lot more .
 I feel like I 've already heard this before ... After several listens it still does n't grab me ... just sorta bores/depresses me ...
 Aside from `` North American Scum , '' the beats are boring and repetitive , and the rhymes are nothing special . `` North American Scum '' is a five-star song , but `` Sound of Silver '' is a two-star album .
 Clearly I 'm not in the demographic this music was made for . I will admit that I 'm 40 something but I still love a lot of the new music coming out these days but I just do not understand why so many people gave this 4 or 5 stars . I may be going out on a limb but this music reminds me of Beck , only not as original or interesting . While Beck 's `` singing '' was n't really the strong suit of his music , at least it had hooks that made it fun , funky and memorable . This , on the other hand is simply boring and uninspired . The vocals here - and we can all agree that from a musically aesthetic perspective , do n't always have to sound pretty -LRB- i.e. Tom Waits , Bob Dylan , Springsteen - no disrespect as they are all truly amazing -RRB- are just bad . Waits voice is like gravel with emphysema but it haunts you . Dylan 's whiney , almost sneering and often incomprehensible delivery comes across like a jazzy improvisational saxophone . The Boss sings many of his songs as if he 's 500 miles of bad interstate that has seen way too much bad weather and accidents and yet keeps you riveted to hear the story . I can find nothing in this music that draws my interest level even slightly . The beats that so many people are raving about just are n't that infectious and the music does n't really move or groove , it sort of just sits there . To make what I feel is an apt comparison of similar modern music , the Broken Bells draws on the very same 1980s esque vibe and they simply do it better . The purists out there may criticize me by comparing these artists but if they are n't in the same solar system , they most definitely are in the same galaxy and LCD Soundsystem 's Sound of Silver just does n't beg to be explored .
 LCD Soundsystem - Sound of Silver -LRB- 2007 -RRB- I like dance music , but this CD is just too repetitive . True , there are some cool sounds , but nothing I have n't heard before . In fact , this James Murphy character cribs plenty from other artists . I ca n't always put my finger on it , but much of what I hear on this album rings a bell of familiarity . For example , I hear some elements of Can -LRB- and Murphy does n't hide his affection for that group either -RRB- . Having influences is n't in itself a problem ; everyone has influences . But you have to build on those influences and take them in different directions for the music to be worthwhile . Everything on this record makes me think , `` been there , done that . '' True , the songs do subtly evolve , but the repetitive elements are so prominent that they render the album monotonous . I much prefer dance music that has more to offer in the way of actual songs .
 the cd did n't came with the case and the album ... the case that came with , says that the cd was a gift from the newspaper . . at should arrive before cristmas and arrived in february . . i dind ' t refuse it , because would take my precious time . . that seller should be burn out of the site !!
 The CD I bought from this seller came with damage . I sent two emails and I never had any answer.I report to AMAZON they sent me an email but nothing happen.No respect for the buyer
 Man , I 'm crazy about the Klezmatics , and all of their other albums -LRB- or even appearances on compilations -RRB- are worth tracking down . This one , though ... the poor Klezmatics get stuck playing backup band to maudlin -LRB- and mediocre -RRB- Israeli folk-singer lameness . I happened to see them on the tour for this album , and for the first half -- just Klezmatics -- it was one of the best shows I 've ever seen . Then , after intermission , Chava Alberstein managed to surgically remove all joy and interest from the room with her boring schtick , annoying guitar , and tooth-grindingly mainstream voice . If you 're a Klezmatics completist , it 's nice to hear a little more of the band , but do n't think you 're missing out on anything if you decide to stick with Jews with Horns ...
 This album really disappointed me . I a huge fan of Start Something and an ever BIGGER fan of The Fake Sound of Progress . I loved those albums , but this ? Did Lostprophets really have to resort to `` this '' ? Let me tell you what `` this '' is . `` This '' is selling out to a larger genre . `` This '' is a change of style , from hardcore nu metal , to poppy-punk , inbred , emo junk . `` This '' is losing the spontanous , deep rythem and sound to become shallow , lifeless , and formula-based playing . `` This '' is horrible.Now , as an emo-trash , teeny , pop/punk band , they are pretty good . Except they are nowhere near as good as they were . They had style , attitude , hard-core sound , and pure energy in every beat . But this is such a let down to their TRUE fans . Those fans that knew their sound in England , that knew their sound when they first moved to L.A. . That KNEW their sound before the record industry said `` Nu Metal is dead . '' Its all the same reason why Incubus went down-hill with that crow murder crap , and also why Linkin Park lost the rhymes of Mike Shinoda and the loops of Mr. Han . The only difference is that I still love Incubus and Linkin Park - BECAUSE THEY DID N'T GO EMO ON ME !! -LRB- not completely per-say -RRB- . Look , all I 'm trying to say is that a real band would n't change their style for money -LRB- which is what Lostprophets did essentially -RRB- . They would develop their sound , make it deep , more meaningful . A real band would n't do `` this '' .
 First of all let me say that when I heard about this album 's coming release , my hopes jumped to an all time high . I had expected something just as good or better than their previous albums.This album had good intentions but it shows that with a news producer , their sound took more of a mainstream hit and fell right among the pop-sounding bands that rule the teen stations . I must say i am disappointed with this album , however there are some decent songs . For example : Everyday Combat is a high energy song that continues a bit from their sound of Start Something . Broken Hearts , Torn Up Letters introduces a more Taking Back Sunday/emo sound to their already alternative agenda and serves for a nice blend . 4 A.M. Forever steers their melancholy intentions with mellow riffs and hard vocal choruses that provide an echo of hope for the album.All in all , I do not recommend this album very highly .
 ... bands that get commercial success get lazy ... they realise that talent is n't as important as what is accessible because they work out that that is what the public -LRB- the subliminal sheep crustaceans of the rock pool of society -RRB- buy ... because they are only exposed to sounds that are three minute comfortable verses ... I was foolish enough to think that the boys from the lost prophets showed a mild amount of promise after hearing their debut -LRB- the fake sound of progress -RRB- and even though their style had been done a million times before . . I thought the competition would be enough to encourage them to hone their sound and develop something more then just `` hi ... we 're welsh and we 're nu-metal listen to our riffs with clean vocals from me IAN WATKINS I AM YOUR LEADER MY CHILDREN !!! '' ... they had the support of young children ... -LRB- and I mean young -RRB- ... that did n't believe in complexity and technical musicianship and only wanted anthemic hooks and angst drenched riffs -LRB- fair enough ... I 'm still one of those young people ... just not as young as before but still a teen -RRB- ... and a fan base of those that loved Ian Watkins was also in the making ... but it was smaller and politer -LRB- and they did n't care about shoe size so they were sane enough -RRB- and enough to make you just think `` let them have some idols and be disapointed later in life because after all we are sadistic idiots '' ... but then the next album came along -LRB- to which I have forgotten the name ... I could look it up but ... I do n't have that much time ... -RRB- and upon listen I realised they had done the equivalent that some people would think is `` selling out '' ... although some of the heaviness still resides it has been watered down significantly and with radio friendly hits like `` Summer '' and `` Last Train Home '' alot of the hardcore fans were alienated , yet some remained hopeful maybe they will return to their Nu-Metal roots later ... as a huge array of mainstream popular feel good rock people decided to get into their music ... and the Ian Watkins fan club forever rising with more innuendos and losing much more dignity ... and now to this album ... Liberation Transmission does n't exactly pretend ... it knows very well it is commercial and seems to embrace that fact ... `` Standing on the rooftops '' and `` Town called Hypocrisy '' although at first listen to sound slightly different ... peel off one layer of artificial emotion and you have the exact smae structure between each songs ... simple and dull guitar riffs ... and nothing that they used to stand for ... yes their are some non single tracks on here that still show little remenisences of their previous incarnation ... but nothing obvious ... and of course now ... they have acquired the label of the new and deproved version of emo -LRB- MCR , FFAF , Senses Failed ... not rites of spring in any shape or form -RRB- and because of this you have annoying `` I 'm trying to sing a ballad but I ca n't because I cried too hard '' songs like `` 4am Forever '' ... and thanks to this new label of emo guess how large this Ian Watkins fan club is now ? People that care about his shoe size ... how often he dyes his hair and pointless mundane things like that ... maybe I 'm not the right person to review this because I like :1 . Music with power and agression .2 . Painstakingly Inaccessible music .3 . Technical and intelligent musicianship .4 . Melodicly and beautiful emotional music ... but I can assure you this music has none of these features and shows no signs of it ... if you want emo music -LRB- the new kind -RRB- I would recommend Brand New ... but if it 's the fact that they 're welsh that sells you -LRB- um ... ok -RRB- I would reccomend Funeral for a Friend ... at least they had some dignity with their mellowing out ... they have gone from the Nu-Metal trend ... to the Nu-Emo trend ... and failed ... do not buy this ... unless of course you are an exclusive member of the Ian Watkins fan club ... if so ... I salute you in terror ...
 This CD is horrible!So when I popped this CD into the CD player and heard track 1 i was like , this is gon na be pretty good . But after that , the songs started sucking and when i was glad when the horrible CD was finaly over and I did n't have to listen to anymore of Lostprohpets new poppy sound . Lost Prophets has obviously sold out and turned into a stupid poppy-punk band . The only good song on this CD is track one , and thats the only one that sounds like their old stuff . I mean , you listen to Fake Sound of progress and then you listen to this CD , you notice a big difference , and that difference is not good . Trust me , if you 're new to Lstprophets do n't buy this album . Buy either Fake Wound of Progress or start something or even both , but don ; t buy this album if your looking for a good rock album . Again , the only reason this CD has two stars onmy rating is because the first song , the rest of the songs suck.LostProphets , please come out with something better and more original next time !
 This album is quite possibly the worst album I have ever heard and I have heard some bad ones let me tell you ! Well the prophets got something right there totally ... lost !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This album is just another example of not being true to yourself or your band . Jumping on what sells and neglecting the fans that made you so popular is just wrong . There was a time when it actually was cool to listen to lost prophets , unfortunately now is not one of them ! I do n't forsee this changing with these sellouts anytime soon ! If you have a quarter , good , because that is about all this album is worth and thats stretching it !
 This is a weak effort by these guys . Very bland and forgettable . Does n't compare at all to Fake Sound of Progress or Start Something . It 's too poppy -LRB- only 3 songs sort of rock -RRB- and very radio frienldy . A huge disappointment ...
 Okay , I have always been a fan of the hard rock that the prophets of old produced . Fake Sound of Progress had songs like `` Shinobi vs Dragon Ninja '' , `` Kobrakai , '' `` The Handsome Life of Swing , '' and others . The sophomore album , Start Something also had great tracks like `` To Hell We Ride , '' `` Burn Burn , '' and `` Start Something . '' Liberation Transmission has very little to no ` hard rock ' on it . The only ` hard ' song is the first track , `` Everyday Combat . '' The rest of the album is just ... well , weak . It 's very weak . The prophets have lightened up a lot . This album sounds nothing like their older stuff.So , if you are a fan of Fake Sound of Progress and Start Something , avoid this album . You will be disappointed .
 No offense to anyone that like this album , but this album has to be the worst one I 've ever heard . I heard the song `` Rooftops '' and I loved it , so I got the CD . Bad idea . I 've never listened to any of their other CD 's , but by what I heard on this CD , I do n't think I really want to . Please save your money if you have n't bought it already . The CD is very disapointing .
 The Lostprophets third cd is not even close to how great their first 2 cds are . The first 2 songs were on the right track , and Rooftops is obviously a single . But what else is there ? 4AM Forever and Ca n't Catch Tomorrow are good songs but not too great , and Everybody 's Screaming is ok . The rest of the cd is forgettable filler or emo trash . The fact that this cd is n't up to par is n't even the worst part , because every band makes a forgettable cd at some point . But this cd will probably be popular amongst the teenage girls , and thus their concerts will be filled with these annoying `` fans '' and all of their cds will end up being just like this one . I hope it does n't happen .
 Naah probably not , but that 's what these guys were called 4 or 5 years ago when they were a bouncy Incubus-like rap metal band . Kinda funny how soon things change and what is hot is suddenly not , is n't it ? So before you could say `` Fake American accent '' the `` Prophetz '' traded their baggy cargo pants for skin-tight faded jeans , their Ibanez and PRS guitars for vintage Gibsons and Fenders , traded their angsty nu-metal lyrics for crybaby emo ones and even traded their turntables for keyboards . Is n't bandwagon jumping fun?Avoid this garbage like SARS mixed with Avian Flu
 I had heard several great things about this album when it first came out . In fact , I bought it without giving much thought to it , believing that I had just stepped on a sort of goldmine in dance music , considering a lot of the unoriginal stuff being thrown onto store shelves these days . My first listen to `` Halfway Between the Gutter and the Stars '' was a trip , and I found myself liking it a whole lot . But then came the downside ... After listening to this album several times , each listen started becoming painful to my ears -- it was like having something regurgitated right back at me . What makes this album such a great disappointment is the fact that all the songs on here are WAY too predictable . I will , however , give credit to Norman Cook/FBS for his creativity in sampling , but other than that , this disc is annoying as hell in both unoriginality AND repetitiveness.NOT recommended for any current FBS fan or newbie who 's just started listening to dance/electronic music . You can either 1 -RRB- get his earlier works , or 2 -RRB- wait for his next release and hope that it wo n't be like this poorly-constructed `` waste of time and money '' garbage .
 Those familiar with Norman Cook know his genius . Unfortuantely , it does n't show in `` Halfway ... '' It 's a congested piece of oversampled beats and dysfunctional melodies holding abosolutely no catchy tune whatsoever . Instead , Cook relies on the old `` Guest Singer '' route -LRB- Macy Gray and Bootsy Collins being amongst those -RRB- to singing away to off-beats and congested melodies.Hopefully , FBS will have a better offering next time around . This one is one to avoid .
 Fatboy Slim set his own bar too high with `` you 've come a long way , baby '' . The only way for Norman to evolve and escape the high expectations set by his former work is to evolve into a new direction . He chooses to literally spoil his own style by collaborating with Macy Gray and Bootsy Collins . Whether the already mentioned collaborations are fine is questionable . The fact that they are not techno at all , is however , not ! The rest of the album also aims to sound original and makes a large step back from the quality of `` you 've come ... '' . Although this album has an enormous commercial success , it is much much worse than Fatboy 's last work .
 If you like New Orleans Jazz , Gospel and soul and you buy CDs at Amazon.com , you may find this album as a recommendation . Do n't get me wrong , I generally love Amazon 's suggestions , but this is hip-hop house music with only the slightest hint of the influences of Gospel . Long , repetitious chants of `` What the f**k '' can make for a great song but just not what I was expecting . Yeah , Fat Boy Slim has evolved , but not very much .
 His previous album `` You 've come along way baby '' was so good and original but now it seems like he 's spending more time on his music videos then on the music , many songs on this Cd are also based on samples from older songs like `` Star 69 '' and `` Weapon Of Choice '' and `` Sunset '' some say he 's matured as a artist but when something worked pretty good why do n't continue in that way instead of making the oddest songs he could think of . Norman Cook is a dance artist and there 's no way he should try to do something he is n't used to . Bootsy Collins `` Weapons of choise '' and Macy Gray `` Love life '' is Cd , so does the Voice of Jim Morrison on `` Sunset '' but they can not save this album from fiasco , to me it feels like the guest attists take too much place , it 's no longer so much of the original fat boy slim sound here . `` Yo Mama '' got a cool sound though , but he could have tried to do something more with that song . `` Song for shelter '' is dark and slow aswell , think he even released it on single . Let 's just wait for a better time , this album was really a flop .
 This album is pure hip-hop and unlike anything he made before . It is a waste of money .
 It 's not bad , per se -- just not * there * . Fatboy has the big beat thing with thick layered sounds , but the funk thing is n't working for me . A little might have , but it just screeches on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on ... It ends up being annoying instead of fun . It comes off as experimental , as it 's said to be -- but then I already have plenty of used CD-drink coasters from other experiments gone bad . To be fair , this is n't exactly a frisbee , but it 's definately not on the A-list and probably not even the C-list . If Fatboy keeps this going , I 'll be takin ' a pass on his next collection of skank .
 I had heard several great things about this album when it first came out . In fact , I bought it without giving much thought to it , believing that I had just stepped on a sort of goldmine in dance music considering a lot of the unoriginal stuff being thrown onto store shelves these days . My first listen to `` Halfway Between the Gutter and the Stars '' was a trip , and I found myself liking it a whole lot . But then came the downside ... After listening to this album several times , each listen started becoming painful to my ears -- it was like having something regurgitated right back at me . What makes this album such a great disappointment is the fact that all the songs on here are WAY too predictable . I will , however , give credit to Norman Cook/FBS for his creativity in sampling , but other than that , this disc is annoying as hell in both unoriginality AND repetitiveness.NOT recommended for any current FBS fan or newbie who 's just started listening to dance/electronic music . You can either 1 -RRB- get his earlier works , or 2 -RRB- wait for his next release and hope that it wo n't be like this poorly-constructed `` waste of time and money '' garbage .
 I do n't know what happened to him , but this CD is a disappointment compared to On The Floor at the Boutique , the Essential Mix , and even the Norman Cooke collection . The album is not interesting and lacks the humor that his previous albums have .
 When I think of Fatboy Slim I think layered instrumental beats that create atmosphere , not Macy Gray . Stacking vocals onto what would have otherwise resulted in perfection seems like such a waste . The tracks do n't suit eachother at all . There is no melding between songs which has made all of the other Slim albums so good . The vocals distract from the MUSIC which is what it SHOULD be all about . I would have had no problem with this album if he would have left out all of the singing . It is annoying , just like the Chemical Brothers `` Surrender '' . So , if you 're looking for a good techno/dance/mix album look elsewhere . Do n't waste your money .
 Fatboy Slim 's third album is surprisingly bad . From his first two albums , it was clear that he had a knack for mixing hard-to-find samples and making them sound like his own songs , and the songs always made you get up and dance . But this album makes you do the opposite.The only song really worth listening to is the second single , `` Weapon Of Choice '' , which features vocals from Bootsy Collins . And that 's the song that really made people buy this album because I do n't think people were running to get it because of the first single , the boring `` Sunset '' . Another all right song is `` Demons '' with Macy Gray , but it seems like it should be on Macy 's album.Most of the rest of the album is uncreative . Electronica and dance artists are supposed to mix verses and beats , not lift whole songs like in `` Ya Mama '' and `` Talking Bout My Baby '' . Then there 's `` Star 69 '' , which features verses that should have never been sampled
 Another album from our dear Mr Zoe Ball , wow , it has Bootsy Collins and our hottest neo-soul diva Macy Gray featured on it , yeah , it is different from the last album , but still , Fatboy Slim is forever Fatboy Slim , he is neither the creater of Big Beat music nor is he one of the most innovative . This might be a much better album than his awful ` You 've come a long way ' , still , I smell much cheese in it . Come on , he ca n't even beat Chemical Brothers in terms of sonic experimentation , you expect him to experiment ?? It is one of those insipid HUGE dance albums of the year , together with Roni Size 's ` In The Mode ' and Moby 's ` Play
 I 've not been a big fan of Norman Cooke 's work . He 's far too novelty-ish -LRB- is that even a word ? -RRB- for my tastes . But this one just plain sucks . I do n't know what it is . He 's forgotten the fun for one , and second , he has too many songs that has real singers singing on them . Using samples is the way to go in this genre , good buddy .
 Give me a break , people ! As a recent admirer of REAL dance remixes I must say that I heard some of Fatboy Slim 's songs such as `` Praise You '' and wanted to puke
 I was hotdog jumping from foot to foot waiting for this album to come out . Fatboy has got to be one of the most uplifting DJs of recent times , combined with the toe curling melodious rasp from Macy Gray ... how could it miss ? But it did ... and by a mile . I am pleased to see that there are some positive reviews here , but not from this cat noooooooooo ...
 This is the worst album I 've heard yet by Fatboy Slim . It seems he 's lost touch with what makes really good dance and big-beat music . The only decent tracks are Ya Mama and Drop the Hate are the only two songs which can compare to his previous releases . It seems that the success of Praise You from his last album , and Moby 's play have made him completely change to a softer , less hard-core form of music . I have been a loyal Fatboy Slim fan since his first album came out , I bought his second album opening day , as I did this one , but I thought this album was weak .
 Fatboy goes lame on this album . His desired style shift might be a personal preferance , but it 's not listenable like his last two efforts . There 's the exception ... mainly track 8 -- Drop the Hate . Burn that song to an MP3 and sell it used , use it as a frisbee , or a coaster . Very disappointing .
 If you have enjoyed Norman Cook 's Fatboy Slim singles you will find nothing much to love about this wretched album that is slow -LRB- without being uniquely trancy -RRB- in most spots and just plain limp in most others -LRB- Gee , beats like it 's 1992 ! Maybe he 'll get on the Arsenio Hall show ... -RRB- . While it 's true that the best two tracks feature Macy Gray , the first of the two is unmemorable and grossly repetetive while the second is wonderful but seems like it came from somebody else 's album -- a breezy kind of groove that , while unoriginal , seems so for Gray 's lush yet raspy vocals . And while the review indicates her tracks are `` worth the price of admission alone , '' I 'd add this
 Ok , the critics will hate me , but I am a fan and I have an opinion , I like many thought that YCALWB , Slims second album was a 90 's dance clasic providing anthems like ` Rockafella ' and ` Gangster Trippin ' that will live on and fill the indie dance floors for years to come . That 's why his latest offering HBTGATS fails to live up to his previous material , Mr Cook who used to be the man dance guru 's look upto for inspiration has now has gone down old path 's laid down by more superior acts like the ` Chemical Brothers ' , ` Leftfield ' and ` Moby ' . ` Halfway Between the gutter and the stars ' provides very little in the way of trade mark beats and loops that we all associate and love Fat Boy Slim for . The only stand out tracks are ` YaMama ' which is a corker if not slightly borrowing drum beats from the uncredited ` Chemical Brothers ' block rockin beats , speaking of which the whole album sounds very similar to the chemicas ` Brothers Gon na Work It Out ' remix album which you should spend your hard earned cash on instead of this slim offering . Without doubt ` Sunset -LRB- bird of prey -RRB- ' is the best track on the album but most people already bought it as a single when it was released in the shops last month . The rest of the tracks are rather too repetetive or just too boring and not what we expect from someone who has been away for far too long . We can only hope Fat Boy gains a few pounds when he takes on his next project ... . come on Norman , your better than this ! .
 it seems that norman cook has found a sound and is sticking to it since this album differs very little from his previous release `` you 've come a long way , baby . '' a vocal sample here , some bigbeat drums there and a little synth on the side . the more fatboy you hear , the more apparent his process becomes.the components within each track try to converge and come off as a song , but they do n't . instead it 's a bunch of quantized segments assembling a structural unit of sound.in other words
 Number 5 is ok . The rest of this thing pretty much -LSB- smells -RSB- . The man has gone `` artistic '' on us and gave up a good thing . Buy his earlier work and skip this one .
 On paper , the concept is pure genius
 Britney is back , but she is not necessarily improving . Looking back to her first and second albums , they were excellent . Her third one started sounding bad , and now she 's back with `` Me Against The Music '' . I hate this song just because it did n't have any notes in it . If Britney want her fans back , she needs to step up to the plate !
 Madonna and Britney should n't even be put in the same senstence ; Madge is the Queen of Pop and Britney ... well ... she is the Plastic Barbie Doll of Pop . This song is unremarkable . Lyrically , the song is horrendous , and the mildly infectious beat can only redeem it ever so much . Madonna should never have agreed to collaborate with Britney .
 I 'm glad to see that Britney Spears has at least publicly acknowledged that she has been waging a war against music . It 's still too early to see if good music will win out , or if Britney and her legions of evil who gave her a record contract will ultimately achieve unholy victory.Britney Spears exemplifies what is wrong with the music industry today . There 's now just a few corporate conglomerates using their resources try to sell people bad music like this . All the radio stations in this country are practically owned by only two companies , Viacom and Clearchannel , who want the same limited number of `` recognizable '' songs played so as to maximize their advertising revenue . Radio listeners are less likely than ever to have access to good music.Avoid this kind of heavily-promoted garbage and seek out some good music . It 's out there if you look for it .
 I 'm glad to see that Britney Spears has at least publicly acknowledged that she has been waging a war against music . It 's still too early to see if good music will win out , or if Britney and her legions of evil who gave her a record contract will ultimately achieve unholy victory.Britney Spears exemplifies what is wrong with the music industry today . There 's now just a few corporate conglomerates using their resources try to sell people bad music like this . All the radio stations in this country are practically owned by only two companies , Viacom and Clearchannel , who want the same limited number of `` recognizable '' songs played so as to maximize their advertising revenue . Radio listeners are less likely than ever to have access to good music.Avoid this kind of heavily-promoted garbage and seek out some good music . It 's out there if you look for it .
 this sucks more than the 2 of them together they should make girls gone wild along with pisstina aguilera , pink , and every other lame azz pop icon .
 For Britney Spears , she seems to have entered an all time low with her career . People feel that way about her with her egotistical kiss with Madonna at the MTV Music Video Awards , which was just terrible . Although I 'm not ashamed of Madonna for doing outrageous stunts , for Britney to do that has made her into a Manufactured Madonna these past few years . The song she claimed to have kissed Madonna with , Me Against The Music is one of the worst collaborations this year . I thought it was absolutely trashy . For Madonna , she sunk to a low level , and Britney has crashed into an iceberg . To be honest with you , Britney Spears kisses like she pulled on Madonna every time she is on stage now . As for the song , I seriously hope you pull it out , and trash it in the garbage .
 I ORDERED THIS CD 2 MONTHS AGO . AFTER SEVERAL DELAY NOTIFICATIONS , NOW THE ESTIMATED DELIVERY DATES ARE 3/22 -4 / 9 . WHEN I GET IT , I 'LL LET YOU KNOW .
 I think that this song is not bad , but it is not good either . It is weak lyrically and musically and I do n't think it 's worthy of MJ . The thing I liked about Cry and You Are Not Alone is that they did n't sound like R. Kelly songs , they sounded like MJ songs . One More Chance sounds like an R. Kelly song that he should have put on his own album , not an MJ album . I think the only reason he released it along with number ones is to get out of his recording contract with sony . I have this single and number ones , but only cause I am a die hard . They still are n't mj worthy , but I always support MJ . Michael we love you and know you are innocent ! :-RRB- Work more with Babyface , not R. Kelly : -RRB-
 I 've been looking forward to this album for ages and have to say I 'm gutted ! I 'm a massive SFA fan and think their last three albums are great with moments of pure genius . What 's happened to the psychadelic synths and strings ? What 's happened to the crystal clear and beautiful production ? Is it to do with moving labels and budget cuts ? This sounds like a demo and lacks the imagination and creativity SFA normally has oozing out of it -LRB- with exception of Eightball -RRB- . SFA are the most imaginative and creative band around - no doubt - plus one of the hottest and most entertaining live bands to boot - but I 'm disappointed to say they 've let us down on this one . SFA please sort out whatever is going on in the studio and get back to producing such gems as
 Some have compared this release with Fuzzy Logic and this was , for them , a good thing . After buying Phantom Power and Rings Around The World I found Fuzzy Logic to be bland and generic.Hey Venus is better than Fuzzy Logic in that it contains two songs that I enjoy rather than none . Most of the tracks are repetitive and lacking in the sparks that made the last SFA albums so good.Perhaps Gruff Rhys ' solo effort , Candylion , took away some of the songs that would have ended up here . Perhaps they decided to lay off the weed for a while . Whatever happened , Hey Venus is a step backwards for such a talented band .
 As an avid Super Furry fan , I am highly disappointed with their latest effort . When we have to wait so long in between albums , it 's hard not to expect greatness especially with a band of their caliber however in this case the wait only compounded my letdown.First of all , the album is VERY short and extremely repetitive . It seems as though there was n't alot of time put into the song writing as most songs have the hook repeated over and over . You do n't need a track list to know the names of the songs , just listen to the words that they sing the most and that ends up being the titles of the songs.Many of the songs are frustratingly annoying with their dumb lyrics -LRB- Baby Ate my Eightball -RRB- and poor musical performances and as I mentioned earlier , the repetition simply ruins this album.I gave this review 2 stars for the 2 songs that I actually consider good , ` Carbon Dating ' & ` The Gift That Keeps Giving ' -LRB- even though that 's a repetitive song -RRB- For a band of such great talent and the time in between albums , this release was a slap in my face ... . and now I have to wait another 3 years until the next Furry album : -LRB- Let me give you some advice if you 're considering this album , just re listen to ` Rings ' or ` Phantom ' , do n't waste your time with ` Venus '
 Some have compared this release with Fuzzy Logic and this was , for them , a good thing . After buying Phantom Power and Rings Around The World I found Fuzzy Logic to be bland and generic.Hey Venus is better than Fuzzy Logic in that it contains two songs that I enjoy rather than none . Most of the tracks are repetitive and lacking in the sparks that made the last SFA albums so good.Perhaps Gruff Rhys ' solo effort , Candylion , took away some of the songs that would have ended up here . Perhaps they decided to lay off the weed for a while . Whatever happened , Hey Venus is a step backwards for such a talented band .
 I expected a lot more from Garbage . I bought this cd in hopes that it would be really great but only found satisfaction with four songs out of the rest of the 12 tracks . Three of these four songs are out on the radio anyway . My rating ? I 'll give version 2.0 a C + for a good attempt
 Garbage has great potential , but honestly , I expected something better than this . The first disk was wonderful
 I 'm going to avoid making any bad garbage/trash jokes and explain precisely why the eagerly anticipated follow-up to Garbage 's seminal debut is only worthy of two stars . Quite simply , it 's so good it 's really awful . Confused ? Let me elaborate ... Every song on this album is great . You listen to it and realise just how far Garbage has matured as a band . The songs are incredibly well written , the vocals fit perfectly with the music , the loops slide seamlessly into one another , it 's catchy , it 's harmonious , it 's ... well , to be honest , dull . I listened to the whole album and during every song I said to myself
 Save your money and just buy any Curve album . Garbage wo n't sound too original anymore .
 Garbage is an alright band . I 'd heard them live BEFORE they became huge . Still , this album fails to match their true potential ... this is really weak .
 I dont know what many people saw in this album , but i feel a rethink is due for . Appaling melodies , pathetic excuses for a beat . And the whining of some over privlaged rock stars who obviously feel as though they deserve more . Any attempt to throw in the odd tune is discarded for some strange attempt at `` art rock '' BORING
 Garbage 's first , self-titled , album was extraordinary . `` 2.0 '' is an overproduced , watered-down , record-label-spawned creation that 's not worthy of the band . It 's not that it 's bad - it 's that it 's not good , and you 'll be better off listening to the first album a hundred times rather than the first fifty times and this one fifty times.My advice to the band ? Ditch the big-name producer and get back into a studio on your own , playing on your own . There , hopefully , you 'll find what you lost in between the first and second albums .
 So , what do these guys do?I 've always tried to listen to this band but have never sucessfully `` gotten into it '' . They seem to have everything -- great production , concrete songwriting ... What went wrong ?! Why do n't these songs stick ? I 'm a big MBV and Curve fan . These guys wrote some classics . Curve seems to have explored all of the dance/rock big sound directions that Garbage rehashed , except their vision far trancends their comparisons . Garbage -LRB- 1,2 , or 3 -RRB- to me just sound like Curve 's Cukoo -LRB- my least favorite curve album . -RRB- Catchy , up-front , textural , rock based with fine treatments/synths ... I have n't figured out what these guys do that is new ? They 're not as dance-trashy as Republica , not as inovative or thick as Curve or like a Blondie stripped of the fun . I do n't feel the emotion . It 's like their purpose is to make a sale rather than make a statement.The whole idea behind this band feels watered down -- like they took all of the sound of the bands mentioned above and regurgitated it into a language the average teenager can divoir . This , to me , is n't the most respectable approach to songwriting . Creed took a lot of flack for rehashing Pearl Jam , but they sold records.I do n't think Garbage is that bad . I 'd perfer it to Nelly . Garbage skip over inovation and jump right to the point -- a flashy pop song . Hooray -- producers who figured out how to churn out some albums . This stuff should be my style -- just like Oasis . Everything in the genre is great BUT them.If youre enraged by this review you should pick up Curve 's Doppelganger or Dubstar 's Goodbye -- there 's new stuff in there for you . The new Ladytron is a sincere emotive effort too . If your not angry at something get a good Blondie album -LRB- or you should steal -LSB- not buy -RSB- the new Gwen Stefani then slit your wrists -RRB- .
 Songwriting lacks creativity , almost all straight major chords . Singer has good voice . There 's much better electronica available .
 I give this effort one star -- for ambition . The rest is just blank air . The lead singer emotes like a tin can and the music is a good reason why grunge is dying . This album gives us good reason why the band is named GARBAGE .
 The band tried to pioneer a little too much into dance and electronica too early . Though `` The Trick ... '' was the only good song with their new sound , `` Hammering ... '' and `` Sleep Together '' seem to be overusing the guitar sound , ruining two of the twelve songs.If Garbage wants to adjust their sound a little bit , they should stick to the elements of `` Special '' and `` The Trick ... '' and go from there .
 This record gives one a nightmare . This kind of music needs to stay in the nineties where it belongs .
 This album is the epitome of ear candy . Yes it sounds very fun and `` modern '' , but repeated listening reveals a hollow core to the music . Particularly grating is Shirley Manson 's pathetic attempt at being a mildly threatening , yet introspective sex symbol . When you ignore Manson 's nauseating and pretentious lyrics , there is still the problem of the highly derivative nature of the music . There is not a single song on this album that does not `` reference '' an already relatively well-known song.The uninspired lyrics and derivative music can be overlooked if the music is good . But the music lacks `` soul '' . `` Soul '' is something intangible , but I think it shows through when you give music close , repeated listening . A truly good , `` soulful '' album should grow better each time you listen , revealing more depth . I 've listen to this album in its entirety many times and the music on the album dimishes with each listen . I guess you have to listen to the album a lot to understand what I 'm saying . So borrow a friend 's album or just take my word for it.So one star for the band 's decent grasp of pop music , and another star for the band 's studio tricks . Sure , this album is nice to listen to when you 're driving around the town now , but you wo n't be reaching for this album very often 5 years down the line .
 The single was good , did n't like anything else
 This is an unauthorized -LRB- by coldplay -RRB- video , very little interesting content , and no -LRB- zero -RRB- -LRB- none -RRB- music by coldplay . This is such poor quality media , I 'm disgusted in Amazon for even having it posted for sale .
 ... but this is ridiculous .
 To have supported this band makes me sick . It is so sad that our culture perpetuates idiot behavior where people still believe in souls and gods . Make sure to lay out your cookies for Santa Claus and find that pot o ' gold that leprechan stole : -RRB- It would n't be a big deal , but it leads to absolutely atrocious songs . I ca n't believe I supported these imbecile 's . Please do n't make my mistake . Stop the spread of conservative agenda 's where people make your lives miserable and make you feel guilty for natural human behavior so they can control you like a puppet , just by promising some foolish fantasy if you do what they say . It leads to religious agenda 's like George Bush and groups like Muse and all you brainwashed drones are ruining this country . Please stop supporting this idiot drivel and and dog-awful music .
 Muse loves Radiohead . A lot.To they point they would rather shamelessly imitate them down to the tiniest chaotic production trick -LRB- all skillfully photocopied from OK Computer except for some really horrible Italian restaurant-style piano parts -RRB- . Too bad , in the course of their imitation , they missed the most important aspect of Radiohead 's music -- subtlety . The brilliant thing about Radiohead is they do n't tell us the world is ending or liken love to a `` spell , '' a tired cliche Muse deftly uses . Radiohead paints imagery with their lyrics to the point they do n't have to TELL the listener the world is ending ; they make them FEEL it.In contrast , Muse lays it out there for the dogs to eat it , black and white , red as day -LRB- other cliches they may want to use in their songs -RRB- . Like many bands today , Muse has realized they do n't have to create anything new or original . They just recycle what 's already been done -LRB- and done well , I should add -RRB- , give the lyrics a doomsday feel , and play the listeners like dogs ... all the way to the bank.They get one star for being able to imitate Radiohead , that must of been kinda hard for em . I ca n't wait to hear their attempt to remake Kid A !!!
 when you try and turn radiohead into shallow , easy listening rock-pop , it becomes muse . It sounds like radiohead but has lost the experimental , ground breaking quality radiohead has.So if you like cathy pop music on MTV you will like this album . But , if you like listening to revolutionary , dark , experimental music , just listen to radiohead .
 Let 's just say it and be done with it.Muse was not inspired by Radiohead ... Muse IS radiohead , at least they think they are.My god , everytime this comes on I have to double check it because I just ca n't believe Radiohead is not in this band somewhere . They get 1 star because there is no originality here ... none.If you like Radiohead , you might like Muse . You see , I love Radiohead , but I hate this rip-off band with a passion because there is absolutely nothing new or different from Radiohead here . Do n't bother looking.I guarantee one thing though , those who like Muse , also like Radiohead .
 I read a couple reviews from this album and thought it was going to be a rendition of a Radiohead album mixed with some Coldplay and Queen ... but it is far from . If you are looking for good music , do NOT get this album . Radiohead is being degrated when people compare this band to them . This album sucks . theres a bunch of whining and music beats that are ones i 've heard before just with some screaming or singing in the back . Nothing was good on this album and no one should get this . take heed to my warning . please !
 Muse is BLATANTLY derivative of Radiohead . If you do n't mind their complete lack of originality and long for a watered-down version of the source material ... knock yourselves out with Muse.They should be ashamed to have ripped off another artist 's sound and sensibility so obviously.Just another example of the sad state of affairs in the music industry .
 Not only do these guys not add anything to music but they create the illusion of good music which is far worse.This band does not fall into the same genre as Radiohead . Radiohead did not create a genre , they create music . It 's just a bold and nearly successful attempt at capitalizing on what Radiohead has accomplished . The reason it is nearly successful is that listeners who are not highly discerning and who are into music for the image will listen to this , equate it to Radiohead , and delude themselves into thinking they know good music.Don ' t worry , though . It does not degrade Radiohead in the end because those who know better will know better . It 's not enough of a parasite to really cause any damage .
 If it looks like a rip-off , smells like a rip-off it is probably Muse .
 I 'm not going to make any comparisons to Radiohead because I honestly do n't think they sound the same . Matt sounding like Thom is a different story though , but I 'm not going to get into that either.I think this is the worst Muse album to date because after six years they still latch on to the exact same sound . It seems to me like Muse wrote about 50 songs in one year and is periodically releasing them claiming that it is `` new '' material . I honestly see very little difference in style , mood , or theme from thier very first release . You can change the riffs and the lyrics but the structure and mood remain the same . Matt , we know you can use falsetto , cut it out ! Songs like `` The Small Print '' and `` Stockholm Syndrom '' are just revamped versions of older tracks . The many softer tracks on the album are very haunting as well . Not haunting like something that stays with you always , haunting like , `` Mister , Mister ! GET ME OUTTA HERE ! '' I think I actually got physically ill from listening to this album all the way through . It 's really a bombardment on the senses . Most of my pain and anguish came from the fear that this album would never end . The similarities between the tracks made me think it was a really long song.Newcomers may enjoy this album , being unfamiliar with Muse 's catalog of material . I do n't recommend this album compared to others . I actually would n't recommend any album other than the first because that 's the only one that is n't recycled material . The production on here was probably the thing that I disliked the most . It really made the tracks more focused and polished . So instead of getting hit in the face with a spotlight it 's like getting hit in the face with a laser . I prefer the old style that was a bit more uninhibited and raw , but even those days were riddled with the same lack of creativity .
 Absolution tarnishes the Muse name . They once stood as one of the most amazing , phenominal , emotional acts around , but now have resorted to pop based androgonous rock.Stockholm Sydnrome stands as a testament to TRUE muse , with Apocalypse please following almost . However songs such as Thoughst of a dying athiest & hysteria stray from the godly emotion withheld in Matthew Bellamy , and with Sing for absolution , it virtually destroys the album.Very dissapointing .
 Well I must say this came as a surprise . For some reason Muse have decided to take the one bad track from OoS , Megalomania , and base most of their new album on it . Couple of good tracks aside -LRB- TPS , Stockholm Syndrome -RRB- , the rest is very much a step backwards for the band . Far too much pompous noodling with strings and pianos , and even Matt 's vocals seem more annoying then before . I know others have said this album shows Muse to be growing as a band , but anyone who loved OoS be warned
 This English trio is a Radiohead imitator -- which is fine , of course . There 's room on the bus for groups that can mimic another 's sound if they can pull it off -LRB- ELO 's Beatlesesque pop and the Feelies ' Velvet Underground-charged tunes come to mind -RRB- . However , Muse , unlike Radiohead , does n't temper their progressive rock obsession with art school know-how . Whereas Thom Yorke and company believe -- whether it 's true or not is another question -- that they are reinventing progressive rock for a post-punk generation , the guys from Muse define retrogradation . Not recommended.For more reviews , visit http://unpaidrockcritic.typepad.com
 I was trying to work the album title into ... . Ah , Forget IT ! I had heard part of `` Apocalypse Please '' or whatever it is in a coffee shop , and I was intrigued . Upon buying the album , I listened to one or two tracks and laid it to rest . I was sorely disappointed to the mediocrity of the album as a whole . The album did not grab me . Think of me as one of the things flying overhead on the album cover . Nothing about this album was overly enjoyable , or should I say a `` MUSE `` ing in the least .
 Yes , I 'm not gon na deny that the singer has a great voice . And the band plays very well . But I also liked them back in 1993 when they were called RADIOHEAD!Come on guys , be a little original ! Do n't waste that voice trying to imitate someone ! Do your own thing , I 'm usre it 'll work out fine.I 'm giving them an extra star because of their ability , but I 'm feeling VERY generous !
 Quick ! Name two Eddie Money songs ... I said `` Quick !!!! '' ... I know , it 's been a while , and you never hear this guy on the radio anymore , so it 's understandable that you 'd struggle a bit , but ... what ? `` Two Tickets to Paradise '' ? Excellent . That 's one . Now give me another ... C'mon , you can do it . They played it every day for nearly two years on album-oriented radio back in the day ... . Need a hint ? ... `` Whatever will be will be ... '' Does that help ? `` Baby Hold On to Me . '' YOU GOT IT !!! Awesome . Those are undoubtedly Eddie Money 's most famous songs , right?Now , for bonus points , name just one more . Come on , double or nothing . Okay , I 'll go even better than that , TRIPLE or nothing . Just one more song . Just ... one ... more ... You ca n't do it , can you ? Well , to be honest , neither could I . So why in the world would I want to own a collection of Eddie Money songs if it DOES N'T EVEN CONTAIN HIS TWO MOST WELL-KNOWN SONGS ??????? What are they thinking ? `` We Are the Eighties '' is a new CD series that compiles songs from has-been artists who had a modicum of popularity twenty-five years ago , but today could n't sell water in a desert . Now , Eddie Money seems like a really nice guy , and I certainly do not want to offend him , but I 'm sure he 's aware of the fact that he is n't getting much airplay these days , and so is Columbia/Legacy , his record label . As a ploy to appeal to ageing baby-boomers , they are re-packaging his stuff as part of this `` We Are the -80 s '' series . The problem is , Eddie 's biggest hits date from the ` 70s , and so this collection simply ignores their existence . Instead of compiling a genuine `` Best of '' collection , we get fourteen tracks of thoroughly dated and totally forgotten material . The only track that even rings a bell is `` Take Me Home Tonight / Be My Baby , '' and that 's only because I remember that crappy video with a cameo from Ronnie Spector.Honestly , if Columbia really wanted to do their artist a favor , and sell some records , do n't you think they 'd at least include his hits on this compilation CD ? Or , if their intent is to focus on artists from the ` 80s , why choose Eddie Money ? As I type this , there are at least four collections available that feature Eddie Money 's Greatest Hits -LRB- not to mention his first album , which is a virtual greatest hits all on its own -RRB- , so why does this CD even exist ? Eddie may not be a star any longer , but he still deserves much better than this . This may be the most ridiculous repackaged product of the past ten years . F -LRB- Sorry , Eddie -RRB- Tom Ryan
 I 've been reading the reviews for this album and I have to say I think it 's amazing how many people think that this album is good . I think it is the worst album by far . It sounds like Kamelot was so eager to get the attention of teeny goths that they forgot their true fans . This album is so disappointing that it makes me sad . It 's not `` Kamelot '' and that 's the whole reason that we buy their cd 's . It 's okay to sound different , but this kind of different is NOT good . If you are interested in power metal check out any of Kamelot 's albums BUT this one .
 I 'm a big Kamelot fan and have every album . To provide context for my opinion , my top favorite albums in order are Karma , Black Halo , 4th Legacy , Epica ... Over the years they have shown themselves to be amazing song writers , not just the typical `` cut and paste '' riffs together sort of compositions you normally hear . On this album , it seems that they really rushed the song writing process and did n't put as much thought and creativity behind the arrangements . The songs mainly seem either very formulaic or the opposite ... songs that leave the listener feeling that something was missing , a chorus change , a bridge here , an extra verse or solo there ... Many of the songs just sound amateurish for a band that has reached their status . Do n't misunderstand me though ... Kamelot is a wonderful band and I love them still . However , if you 're new to Kamelot , I highly suggest picking up one of the aforementioned albums rather than start with this shallow and weak effort . I sincerely hope their next album is given the full Kamelot treatment like I know they are capable of .
 I have heard sooooooo many things about Kamelot , and most of them were good . Most power metal bands ' latest albums are usually never the best place to start and that 's where I think I went wrong here.I really was not expecting much to begin with , and even then , I was disappointed . Not too many catchy choruses or memorable solos or anything ... The album just does n't stick out among many other power metal albums . Uhh , there 's really not much else to say . I want to get more into Kamelot . To anyone else , this is not a good place to start in their discography .
 Songs seem very repetitive . Also , has some rip-off `` Phantom '' music to create the ghostly effect . Khan needs to stop with the attempt at soft singing . His vibrato kills all of the ballad style singing and his voice sounds way over trained . I am all about great vocals and this album does a poor job of showcasing them . Khan can sing better than this . Lose the heavy vibrato . I am a Kamelot fan but the album left me wanting more . Maybe next time guys .
 Well in that case you have heard it allAll the song sound exactly the same.When you want to hear some great power \ prog metalTry savatageThis album is boring boring boring !!!!!
 It seems that somewhere along the line , around the time Kamelot wrote the song `` Edge of Paradise '' , something shifted in the band 's approach to songwriting . They figured that slower tempos and middle-eastern-sounding irregular chords and keys are an absolute must in their songs . This whole album really sounds like like a huge extension of that one song , `` Edge of Paradise '' . In my opinion , it could have sounded much , much better if they reached back a little and go with more of the `` Karma '' -LRB- 2001 -RRB- sound . But instead , it sounds like a lazy , uninspired cash-in . By no means is `` Ghost Opera '' a terrible album . The production is clean and the vocals are nice . However , it simply lacks the attitude and intensity that the previous Kamelot records had . There are no more memorable masterpieces such as `` Forever '' or `` Center of the Universe '' . In fact , most -LRB- if not all -RRB- tracks on this record are simply not memorable at all , which is something that Kamelot ALWAYS had in the past . The guitar solos are weak , the drumming is lazy , and overall - after a few spins through the record , you 'll only want to come back to 2 , maybe 3 songs .
 21/2 An intriguing departure for the thrash-jazzer 's , this dark ambient-like work manages to convey equal parts dreariness and dreaminess when exploring it 's hellish intoxication , offering the antithesis of what most head banging weirdos would be expecting . Absinthe certainly has it 's moments . In carving out droning , atonal soundscapes on which to build this disc , the anti-band touches on some ravishing , shimmering muck that can be seen mostly at the beginning and end of this project . However , in a brief nine track lineup consisting primarily of controlled noise , Absinthe 's unique charm soon gives way to much undercooked experimentation , leaving the entire listening experience a bit to be desired .
 I think that John Zorn is an important musician and like to give him the benefit of the doubt . Many of his countless albums are brilliant . Even when his music is not that interesting on first listen , I will hang in there and listen repeatedly in the hope of finding treasures not immediately apparent . However , this album just leaves me cold . I really do n't care if it is like or unlike other Naked City releases , or which musicians are on it . It 's one of those albums that stands on its own merits because it is so unique . It appears to be an exercise in making the smallest possible amount of sound for the length of an entire album while still making some sound . It may be `` ambient '' , but if so , it is dull ambient . It 's just plain dull . One can admire the idea or vision of this album but I have to say that I do n't like it much , and I like a lot of Zorn .
 This album sounds like an experiment in how small an amount of sound can be recorded over the length of a CD , and whether anyone would then buy it or take it seriously . To me it does not qualify as ambient or electronic music -- it 's as close to nothing as any CD ever released . This may be an interesting artistic philosophical concept , but it 's not my idea of interesting or rewarding listening .
 While the music is well written , this release is missing the loud , frantic sound Naked City is best at performing . Vocalist Eye is missing from this release and the album becomes too sedate for Naked City fans .
 First of all , the short description says `` miscellaneous artists '' . It needs to say `` mostly country music artists '' , or something similar . What a waste of $ 15 ! I was literally sick to my stomach when I popped the CD in and started listening.YUCK
 Gillespie 's effort to approach more commercial area should be avoided by his fans.If you 're into fusion I guess you might like this CD ...
 Unfortunately I never received this product . The same incorrect CD was shipped to me twice . Something is wrong with the cataloguing .
 Ms. Deborah has taken a wrong turn twice . When `` Things just ai n't the same '' came out , I thought `` good , I like it '' but then it was overplayed and I realized theres nothing too it . When Deborah Cox had David Morales doing her remixes there definately was something there . `` Who Do You Love '' and `` It Could Have Been You '' were huge club hits , but at the time she was n't big in radio . Thats why only real club goers will know those . She should have stayed with David Morales , she would be even bigger today . I dont see what the big hype is with this song , its a good song , but it would be better if Morales remixed it . The same with Cher 's and Madonna 's remixes , they are horrible , they all sound the same . Dance music has changed , but for the worse .
 The first track
 This terrible five kingsize represents the world as a dance club ... the lyrics are completely without substance and the songs are exactly the same ... This sounds like a boring disco club with 9 years old kids dancing ... This is a perfect example of lack of attitude , espirituality and musical taste !!!! HORRIBLE ... if you like this kind of music try britney or beyonce ...
 I have been with 5ive from the beginning , so I was really excited to finally get Kingsize . With songs like `` Cold Sweat '' and `` Do n't Wan na Let You Go , '' I thought this would be the best album I 've ever gotten . But , I was wrong . Horribly wrong . This album had too much bubble gum pop , stale bubble gum pop , and not enough of the edgy , bad-boy beats that made them famous in the first place .
 Yes , it 's true , one of the greatest alternative bands around have sold themselves out with their commercial success ` Dizzy Up the Girl ' . With this album they have jumped into the pool of mediocrity . Please do n't buy this album , and get the wrong idea of the Dolls . This is their worst album by far , although they started out as heavy rock ` Goo Goo Dolls ' and ` Jed ' they have become a more mellow band ` Superstar Carwash ' and ' A Boy Named Goo ' - which I prefer . Anyone who thinks this is the best Dolls album is wrong , because this can not be classed as a proper Goo Goo Dolls release , because the music on this album is nothing like any of their other stuff . If you buy this you should regret it , but if you like commercial sell outs , go ahead and buy it .
 Drivel , straight-up pop sappiness . Horrid lyrics , mediocre musicianship . I could n't even believe `` Slide '' even got radio play . I can understand `` Iris '' though I ca n't stand that song either ... it tugs at the heart-strings of any sentimental person . `` It 's our song '' ... seemed to be the phrase every couple in the USA seemed to be saying when the song `` Iris '' came into a conversation . How sweet , that it 's everybody else 's song too . The sooner this song is forgotten , the better .
 Man , what is this ? VH1 plays these guys to death and it drove me insane . You ca n't call this rock at all , if you do , you need to start listening to REAL rock like Metallica , Pantera or Napalm Death , THAT is rock , not this . No matter how may videos I saw from the Poo Poo Dolls , I thought it was absolute garbage . It 's more like easy listening or contemporary to me . but regardless of that , I would n't get this CD if it was free which it should be , cuz it totally ssssuuuuccckkksss !!!!!!!!!
 These guys are the worst . I wish they would crawl in a hole & never come out . One of the worst bands of our era !
 I really ca n't believe how so many people can be so deluded in thinking that this stuff is any good . To claim this is alt-rock demonstrates a complete ignorance of the genre . Alt-rock at its lamest does n't get this lame . If I could award no stars I would . What 's wrong with you all ? You are all old people in young peoples ' bodies and it makes me so sad that you should settle for so little . Shame and pity on you all .
 Pardon me while I clean up my vomit to make room for more vomit . Still trying to understand the garbage these kids are listening to these days . They call this alternative rock , and by that I think they mean alternative to real music . This music should be on sesame streets `` let 's get funky with the alphabet '' hour or whatever they call it . Blank tape has more substance than this music . This group sounds like part of the mainstream corporate giant consisting of hundreds of talentless bands just like this one good for only one thing , killing good music as we know it . Ok kids , this music is ok for now , but once you get potty trained it 's time to move on . That way you wo n't need someone else to help you remove crap from your cd collection .
 I do n't listen to this kind of music as I really hate the whole radio/alternatine scene . I worked in a music store when this album was released and must have heard it 5 or 6 times a day as we had to play new releases in the store . Although there is no talent in this band vocal or instrument wise , the music made me reminisce about high school days . Anyway , this was a flavor of the day type band who has been forgotten about by now . It was obviously a group created by music execs to have some radio play , milk every dime that it was worth and then thrown out like old chewing tobacco . It 's such a shame how music is being ruined like this .
 it 's catchy and the lead singer wears more makeup than a 70 yr old trying to recapture her glory days , but they are a mats tribute band and i 'm afraid i do n't agree with amazons review of the goo goo girls as a whole , like i said i 've heard far worse -LRB- does the name bush ring a bell ? -RRB- but they could n't hold the mats ' jocks . just my opinion ...
 i heard this cd because my brother has it . i ca n't believe he can stand it . the cd is monotonous and repetitive . all of the songs sound the same . well not exactly the same but there is n't much difference . this cd is so boring , there 's not much else to say for it .
 Yuck ! Sorry everyone , but I 'm going to be in the very small minority here and say that this was one of the WORST CD 's I 've ever heard . Every song sounds the same . Just moaning and whining over and over . I 'll give these guys the benefit of being able to twist one song into 50 others .
 As a diehard Mats fan I really have trouble accepting the Goo Goo Dolls . Yes , Nirvana proved you could rip off a band 's style -LRB- The Pixies -RRB- and still make good music and The Replacements themselves showed that trying to make a hit record does not have to be a sell out -LRB- The under rated `` All Shook Down '' and `` Do n't Tell A Soul '' -RRB- but the Dolls manage neither of these feets . The singers rock star asperations are barely hid beneath the super glossy production and over emotive lyrics . While many of the songs are very catchy , especially `` Iris '' , none of them carry any realy emotional weight to back the musical force . So it all comes out sounding very big and hollow and much too professional and calculated . They might have a good , even great , album in them somewere , but they need a lot of changes for it to happena ny time soon
 Their last CD was their best . If you must buy this , buy it . But do n't get your hopes up . Its got some solid songs , but half the songs are written by the other guy in the group , and they blow .
 To call the GGD a `` one-hit wonder '' on the basis of `` Name '' would imply that excessive airplay is something a band should yearn and aim for , no matter how bad the music . Unfortunately , it seems the GGD believed some of the critics and tried to get further airplay , and in the process wrote some pretty useless music , such as the great favourites `` Iris '' and `` Slide '' . I suppose everybody needs to pay the rent . But there have been bands in the past who would rather make good music than pay the rent , and the GGD have proven themselves not to be one of those bands . This is a disappointing effort from a band that , getting more sober each year , promised so much on A Boy Named Goo . I thought that ABNG was a near-perfect piece of guitar-pop with attitude . Maybe I unfairly expected them to totally nail it on the next effort - all it would 've taken was a tiny bit more creativity and variation on the guitar and vocals . Instead we were treated to `` I do n't want the world to see me ... I just want you to know who I am '' . Come on , get real ! If the GGD are out of ideas and ca n't say what they mean , then they should adopt a damage-limitation stance and stop releasing albums.Between 1987 and 1995 the GGD were sometimes fleetingly compared to and reminiscent of The Replacements . As far as I am concerned , there can be few compliments greater than that . Who can we compare Dizzy Up the Girl and Gutterflower to ? Only to all the other one-dimensional , unexciting , masquerading pop-rock bands with cute frontmen floating around at the moment . What HAPPENED , Johnny ??? What happened to the MUSIC ??
 What happened to Johnny Goo Goo ? It is quite obvious to me that Johnny 's lost his soul , his passion for writing music . I ca n't really blame him . Being broke for many years finally took its toll , so he decided to cash in while he had the chance
 DONT GET IT DONT GET IT DONT GET IT DONT GET I
 because it sounds like he 's puking all over the mic . so give him a good reason to .
 after hearing this disc i was fast asleep.the music was boring and dull.the lyrics were just there nothing special at all.the singing was very flat.i do n't want to hear Iris ever again .
 it took the user 2 weeks to decide to ship the packagethats not the bad part the cd was promised in like new condition and it has a cracked cd case with tape all over to hold it together and the cd has scraches all over ... NOT HAPPY WITH SERVICE AT ALL
 first I have to say there are a few good tracks on here which I do enjoy , however in my opinion this does n't really hold up to the hardcore punk rock that they played before their popularity . I 'm really pretty disappointed with the sapiness of some of their songs -LRB- Black balloon , especially -RRB- and find myself wondering why all punk bands seem to sell out so quickly , it happened to Blink 182 , Green Day , and the Offspring as well -LRB- although not as much in this case -RRB- . I thought the basis of punk rock was the thought that the artist cared about what nobody thought except for themselves , obviously this is not true since so many groups have changed their image completely just to sell more records . Goo Goo Dolls is a shining example of this , if you like punk , I seriously reccomend getting one of their earlier albums in place of this , or get a record from a group who wo n't sell out , like Pennywise , or the Sex Pistols . However , if you do enjoy the slower , lighter , -LRB- and unfortunetly , sappier -RRB- Goo Goo Dolls , this is the album for you .
 Well well ... This is not the goo Goo Dolls I was used to ... I remember a GGD that used to rock ... And now we 're getting fans who think A Boy Named Goo was their first album ... um ... the Goos have been around for about 12 years or so ... their first album was Goo Goo Dolls ... and their second was Jed ... check out Jed if you want rockin ' goo ... check out dizzy if you want imitation goo ...
 Here 's a trick trivia question . Q
 I swear I 'm going to break my radio the next time I hear `` Iris '' on it . Musically , the Goo Goo Dolls -LRB- what is UP with their stupid name , anyway ? -RRB- are a fairly decent band -- they 're one of the more talented crap bands on the radio these days . But then ... Rush is , musically , a very talented band . That does n't mean I like them .
 This CD is pleasant enough , but is ultimately too bland and calculated to appeal to anyone looking for any substance whatsoever . The Goos have made an album that attempts to appeal those who became fans because of the hits , `` Name '' and `` Iris '' , and perhaps they have succeeded , judging by the number of 5 star ratings given to them . Nevertheless , I ca n't help but feel that they are n't breaking any new ground . The songs are calculated and despite the soulful singing , fail to really fulfill what anyone looking for anything beyond a radio-friendly tune is looking for . Have the Goos sold out ? Possibly . Is Dizzy a terrible album ? No . `` Iris '' and `` Slide '' ensure that it has its merits - but for really compelling , enthralling music ... look elsewhere
 I got this album last X-mas as a present -LRB- at my request though -RRB- . I have listened to the CD two , maybe three times . Besides the songs that got radio play , `` Slide '' `` Broadway '' `` Iris '' , I ca n't get into the rest of the album whatsoever . It 's true , this is pop rock and it is n't good . I feel embarrased that I had a relative get me this album for X-mas . I wish I could give away this CD to someone who wants it , but that would violate review guidelines.If you want good pop rock , check out Third Eye Blind . I got into their self-titled album from front to back.You CA N'T get into this album . And if you can , then you need some serious psychiatric help . This album is very uninspiring and unimpressive . Zero musical variety ... In a word
 Here 's another band trying to cash in on the currently popular trend of `` bland rock '' popularized by the likes of Matchbox 20 and Tonic . Nothing to like about this group except , if yr a girl , a few pretty faces ... the music is too dull and predictable to actually be enjoyed . This group used to be decent too , sounding a bit like The Replacements ... now they are just after 15 minutes of fame with some lame Bon Jovi-inspired power ballads . Money ruins a lot of groups - add the Goo Goo Dolls to that list .
 This band is a blatant rip off THE REPLACEMENTS.The lead singer/songwriter of the GOO GOO DOLLS felt so bad about their success he personally tried to apologize to Paul Westerberg . Do your self a favor '' There is no substitue for the original '' buy a copy of THE REPLACEMENTS CD 'S `` Tim '' or `` Please to meet me '' you will be glad you did .
 Believe it or not , there was a time when the GGD 's made some great rock and roll . Just listen to the first three records `` Goo Goo Dolls '' , `` Jed '' , and `` Hold Me Up '' . Sadly those days are long gone and the Goo 's see fit to be the new darlings of ballad radio . Well , I 'm sure they 're gettiing all the money and women they want now that they 've ` made it '' ; it 's just a shame they had to give up the great rock and roll they once played . Fans of their early stuff , check out Feeder .
 This used to be one of my favorite bands . Now , however they have reduced themselves to a paper cut-out clone of matchbox 20 or something along those lines . Johnny Reznick needs to go back to what he is good at - ripping off paul westerberg , not matchbox 20 . spend more time writing good songs rather than wearing make-up and looking good on t.v. with his tank-top and spaghetti arms .
 dont buy this , you know a band sucks when they go on the howard stern show to play songs while a bunch of MEN dance , just so howard wo n't tell the station not to play their songs . HAHAHA . cmon people buy something else
 These guys blow ! Listen to Sepultura instead
 Why do people like the Goo Goo Dolls so much ? They 're just a bunch of sellouts who ca n't perform . Please , there are other great bands out there and do n't listen to Goo Goo Dolls . Dizzy Up The Girl is just a horrible album like the rest .
 I think that this song is not bad , but it is not good either . It is weak lyrically and musically and I do n't think it 's worthy of MJ . The thing I liked about Cry and You Are Not Alone is that they did n't sound like R. Kelly songs , they sounded like MJ songs . One More Chance sounds like an R. Kelly song that he should have put on his own album , not an MJ album . I think the only reason he released it along with number ones is to get out of his recording contract with sony . I have this single and number ones , but only cause I am a die hard . They still are n't mj worthy , but I always support MJ . Michael we love you and know you are innocent ! :-RRB- Work more with Babyface , not R. Kelly : -RRB-
 Through The Eyes Of The Dead are one of the most talentless metalcore bands you 're likely to hear . They do a bit of the generic melodic death metal riffing , with a bit of a heavier death metal sound , and a hardcore element , but they just do it all so badly , the songwriting is so amazingly weak , I do n't understand why anyone would ever choose to listen to this band when there 's so many similar ones around , 90 % of which are significantly better . I do n't know why anyone signed them . I do n't know why they even bother playing music .
 There 's much better Heep Compilations -LRB- ` Running all night with the lion ' ... Please !!! -RRB- Do n't waste your money .
 This is a good classic rock cd with the exception that stealin one of their best songs is not on this or their greatest hits . The best song on here is Easy Livin so this is a cd only for a die hard Uriah Heep fan .
 With the exception of the catchy `` Easy Livin ' '' I found this to be an unmemorable compilation of rock songs .
 the video just shows the performances of each band . it does not show the whole show of shindig that is why it is too short . you will not enjoy this video . it is like a compilation of cut out film clips . it is not worth the tag price for this . i would recommend you buying the `` hullabaloo '' dvd series of the british invasion which is better .
 I thought this was a cd of him coving the songs listed , but instead , it was a compilation of songs he liked . Although I liked the music , I was disappointed it was not him .
 This album , as well as all of the other Steely Dan records , represent where music from the 70 's went sour . The 70 's did provide listners with an excellent array of artists . But with Steely Dan , we are left with yet another lounge jazz-rock band , whom you are better off spending $ 4 for a screwdriver at your local Ramada Inn 's bar and listening to their house band , than spending the $ 12 it costs to buy this , or any other Steely Dan CD . In simple terms , the music is corny and generic beyond belief . And the lyrics are reminiscent of an elementary school 's poetry fair .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I grew up in the 70 's intensely following these boys . I know up close and lived a lot of what they wrote and sang about . I memorized every song , parsed every lyric and got carried away a million times by the sound . All through high school I wondered why it had to be that one musician after another either fell or was shooed away by the original `` The Donald '' and Walter `` Not One of The Brecker Brothers '' Becker . Friends from college of over twenty five years ago still associate me with the Dan . They say it 's because the two were spun so frequently on my turntable.I remember the excitement AJA created on campus . I remember how many people had this release in their milk and fruit crates -LRB- the ultimate storage devices of the day -RRB- . Me ... I had enough after one listen.Thrill was raw , creative and explosive . Ecstacy was eclectic and fantastically electric . Logic was twisted but beautifully melodic . Katy was intriguing and inscrutable . Scam was intense and scary . AJA blew and it still does.Gaucho made great sense during a senseless era , and `` The Donald '' and `` Not a Brecker '' should have stayed quit then and there 'cause Nature is unnatural and Must Go a snore.Steely Dan was better as a `` jazz influenced '' rock band than the solipsistic , navel geezers they became . AJA epitomizes the worst of what they are not the best .
 This review is for the Japanese SACD version of the disk and focuses on the audio quality.For the very high price of this disk , I was disappointed . The sound quality is little better , if any at all , than a standard CD . Given the fanatical devotion that Steely Dan has always shown to recording quality , I just ca n't believe this is a representation of the master tape . So while I highly recommend the music , this version is just too much money for too little quality . Buy a standard CD and use the savings to get some of the other fine SACD and DVD-Audio Steely Dan -LRB- and Donald Fagen -RRB- offerings .
 This has to be one of the worst songs ever produced and sang ! Jessica 's vocals are horrendous and the entire time she sounds like a squealing pig !! The video is even worse - it was obviously made for less than $ 1 and she makes out with her husband the entire time ! I would think she could come up with something more original to show people than that ! I advise you to throw this one in the trash along with her album !!
 Do n't know why I still give each of Primal Screams new releases a try , since everythings been getting progressively worse . It 's nice when artists grow and mature but these guys seem to have gotten caught in some sort of terrible electronica trap . I guess having left such elements of tough out of their earlier records , they 've felt the need to really make up for it on XTRMNTR and the previously released Vanishing Point .
 I do n't normally give much heed to what the pop music press has to say about either artists or their work , but since I 'd been anticipating Primal Scream 's follow-up to `` Vanishing Point '' -LRB- quite possibly the greatest single recorded work of the 1990 's -RRB- for ages by the time `` XTRMNTR '' finally showed up , I was cautiously optimistic and even a wee bit excited that I band I 'd REALLY grown to appreciate was given such heavy props for their work . > Well , congratulations to Primal Scream for their raving critical appeal ... but this CD really is n't all that . The best thing about Primal Scream leading up to this release -LRB- with the notable exception of `` Give Out But Do n't Give Up '' -RRB- was that such an incredible diversity of musical sounds , styles , influences , etc. was represented from track-to-track that the listener never had the chance to get bored with what they were hearing ... a more diverse collection of music would n't be found again until the Vines ' debut . > `` XTRMNTR '' does n't have this problem ; it 's as though Bobby Gillespie and Co. decided that `` Kowalski '' and `` Motorhead '' -LRB- two of my least-favorite tracks from `` Vanishing Point '' -RRB- were the direction the band was to take and recorded every track on `` XTRMNTR '' with the idea of sounding EXACTLY like those tracks . The result is basically an album 's - length muddle of electronic noise not unlike listening to a machine gun being fired in your ears over and over again . Where 's the diversity ? Where 's the groove ? Admittedly it 's a great collection of electronic aggression , which might make it a great punk album , but Primal Scream were never a punk band . I mean , if I wanted to listen ro Prodigy I 'd buy their stuff . > I 'll give it two stars because as far as Primal Scream goes , the only thing they 've ever recorded that I may have thought less of was the aforementioned `` Give Out But Do n't Give Up '' ; if there was ever a Primal Scream CD worth one star or less it 's that one .
 In my humble opinion this is the worst offering from Primal Scream in 10 years.If you have money to spend , buy Vanishing Point . Avoid this one at all costs as running across hot coals is more enjoyable than listening to this.Look forward to the next offering
 I do n't know this group , but from what I can see from their songs , they 're probably full of hatred and racism .
 I do n't know this group , but from what I can see from their songs , they 're probably full of hatred and racism .
 The British music press have been fawning over Primal Scream and their latest album since the release of Xtrmntr early this year . In their furious desire to embrace a band ` that matters ' they have grabbed on to the incoherent and hypocritical adolescent rantings of Bobby Gillespie and co. . The first four tracks on this album are of top quality , if somewhat derivative of the Stooges and Velvet Undergound circa White Light/White Heat . They also owe a lot to Mani 's exquisite driving basslines , honed in the early 90s with the Stone Roses . After that however , it falters badly . A terrible attempt at white-boy rap with ` Pills ' ; a jazz-rock fusion which Soft Machine would have been ashamed of ; a remix of a track already on the album ; and the inclusion of a MBV remixed track which had already been released a year ago . Album of the year ? I really do n't think so .
 With their last album , `` Vanishing Point '' , Primal Scream were able to create another masterpiece , something like a `` Screamadelica 2 '' . `` Xtrmntr '' certainly is a disappointment . `` Xtrmntr '' is about being enraged . Listen to the first single `` Swastika Eyes '' and you get a flavour . Evil corporations rule the world etc. . We heard that before and somehow Primal Scream do n't really have the credibility to deliver that message . As a short side-note let me add that in Germany , `` Swastika Eyes '' appeared as `` War Pigs '' . That only makes sense if you assume that the single is about making money -LRB- so `` War Pigs '' would not insult the Germans ... -RRB- and not about making a point . But making music for angry young people is a smart thing to do I guess.Apart from the lame message , the music on `` Xtrmntr '' is disappointing . Sure enough , the single `` Swastika Eyes '' rocks a lot . But that is pretty much it . Some other songs are nice and very similar -LRB- lyrics and music -RRB- but there is no spark and the album is rather patchy . What 's more , two mixes of the same song on an album are sort of dubious - especially if they are so similar . And the song done with/by Kevin Shields in fact already appeared on a remix EP . Anyway , what 's the music like ? There is not much of a variation as on the last album . Most of the music follows the path set by `` Swastika Eyes '' . Yes , it 's somewhat boring . Well , I guess I can wait for their `` Screamadelica 3 '' ...
 Ive never heard more anoying music in my life.Are these guys trying to play music . I like some heavy music but this is n't music . The wineing shrill voice of Ozzy Ozborne wrecks even his O.K. songs .
 The title track Sabbath , Bloody Sabbath is one of my personal favorites , but professionally the album Sabbath , Bloody Sabbath is one of Sabbath 's weaker efforts . The album is pleasant , far from awful , but not as good as we 'd expect . The title track is the only real standout , some of the others tracks like Killing Yourself to Live are ok , but do n't really count as classics . The Best stuff on this one can be found on We Sold Our Soul For Rock n Roll .
 Hellish images , satanism , 666 , Bloody Sabbath -LRB- is n't Sabbath supposed to be a day of rest ?! -RRB- , monsters , tortures , nightmares ... Are we about to cross the gates of hell ? Well , not exactly ... Compared to the music of other heavy metal bands , SBS is not too bad , but viewed according to the band 's standards , it is their worst album ever ! First you have the title track , with an average hard rock introduction that gets worse on the process , degenerating into unnecessary repetitions , delivered by Ozzy 's harsh , histrionic and really annoying vocals -LRB- he sounded so much different in the previous albums , very pleasant to listen to ! -RRB- . The next song , A National Acrobat , begins with a nice folk theme , but once again becomes so repetitive and unnerving that it 's hard to listen to the whole song . Fluff , the album 's acoustic moment , is strikingly inferior to the haunting , timeless Laguna Sunrise , from Vol 4 . and Sabbra Caddabra is childish and mediocre -LRB- just compare it to the majestic Megalomania from Sabotage -RRB- . What follows is Killing Yourself to Live , the first decent song of the album , Who are You , a synth based , quasi-satanic song , totally clumsy and boring , some good moments in Looking for Today , and Spiral Architect , the only trully great song here , in fact one of Sabbath 's classics . But the few good moments are not enough to salvage this CD from mediocrity . In their first four albums , Sabbath produced really beautiful music . Moreover , the overall message of their music was balanced , conveying a heightened awareness of the spiritual world , as well as of the powerful forces of good and evil . SBS spoiled the magic
 This was the beginning of a long , slow decline for an early Sabbath fan like me . I remember eagerly buying the vinyl when it came out in early '74 and was a mite dissappointed at how silly it sounded ... The title track is a ridiculous Spinal Tap type of tune that skipped after all the times I scratched it with the needle . The only tune of merit -LRB- IMO -RRB- is Sabbra Cadabra which should always be included on any Greatest Hits CD that they release . The rest is just endless vamping ...
 This review is for the shm sacd . I ca n't figure this release out . I mean it is all over the place . A song starts out soft and then gets louder towards the end . It 's almost unlistenable . I 'm guessing it was the original recording based on the insert that mentions DSD being transferred from the analog master tapes . The whole thing is n't a total waste but damn near close . Not worth the current price tag . Paranoid and the first release are far better sounding and very recommend .
 What else can be said about Bob Dylan that has n't been said already ? The man is a musical icon -- a genius and a true legend . Dylan recently celebrated his 71st birthday , and a new album , ` Tempest ' is due out in September 2012 . There has never been a better time to be a Dylan fan -- he is truly the most remarkable singer-songwriter of the last 50 years , and here 's to 50 more great years of music from Bob.Now , to this collection . ` The Best of Bob Dylan ' tries hard to compile an adequate single-disc Dylan collection . It does n't fail , but it does n't necessarily succeed , either . I 've seen a lot worse -LRB- ` The Best of Bob Dylan ' from 2005 was just dreadful -RRB- , but I 've also seen a lot better.The main reason for collectors to grab this is for the alternate version of ` Shelter from the Storm . ' This comes from the famous 1974 ` Blood on the Tracks ' sessions , and I have always felt that of the two versions of the song -LRB- the album version and this one -RRB- , this is the better version of the two . Dylan 's voice is just incredible on this track -- the sheer power and emotion here simply can not be beaten . But , if you really want to save some cash , just seek out the ` Jerry Maguire ' movie soundtrack that this was originally culled from . It 's much cheaper , and if it is just that song you are seeking out , you 'll be much more satisfied that way.Now , for the rest of the disc . There are the standards on here . ` Got ta Serve Somebody , ' ` Blowin ' in the Wind , ' ` Like a Rolling Stone , ' ` All Along the Watchtower ' -- you get the point.Now for the flaws.First of all , how does the ` Oh Mercy ' album go almost entirely ignored here ??? ` Everything is Broken ' is indeed a great track , but what about ` What Good Am I ? ' Or how about ` Political World ' or ` Shooting Star ' ? This was a lousy decision on the Columbia Records executives compiling this.And what about the rest of his 1980s albums ? Almost all of them go unnoticed -LRB- the exception being ` Infidels ' from 1983 and ` Oh Mercy ' from 1989 -RRB- and it is a shame . Many Dylan fans and critics love to hate the man 's 1980s output . Personally , I think it is great . Dylan was changing with the times , the sign of a truly great artist , and he carried on through the 1980s like a true professional . Will anybody ever regard ` Knocked Out Loaded ' as one of the man 's best works ? Of course not . But , were ` Brownsville Girl ' and ` You Wan na Ramble ' great songs ? Absolutely , and both are more than deserving of appearing on a ` Best of Bob Dylan ' album.Like I 've said in other reviews , the only way to summarize and anthologize Dylan 's career is to release a boxed set . Columbia Records did it in 2007 with the ` Dylan ' boxed set featuring 3 discs , but it too was severely lacking . When will the label ever get it right ? ` The Best of Bob Dylan ' is really not a worthwhile purchase . If you are a new Dylan fan looking for a quick , dirty introduction , than you can do a lot worse than ` The Best of Bob Dylan ' -LRB- but keep in mind you can also do a lot better -RRB- . If you are an easily-pleased , casual Dylan fan , than this might also work for you.Otherwise , start with ` Highway 61 Revisited , ' than purchase ` Blonde on Blonde , ' ` Blood on the Tracks , ' ` Desire , ' ` Time Out of Mind , ' my personal favorite ` Infidels , ' ` Oh Mercy , ' ` Love & Theft , ' and just keep adding and going from there . Eventually , you 'll get hooked and you 'll want to buy all of his albums , studio , live , and his many ` The Bootleg Series ' installments . Dylan is just too good * not * to get hooked on.Overall , I recommend avoiding this . Unless you want the alternate version of ` Shelter from the Storm ' and you flatly refuse to buy the ` Jerry Maguire ' soundtrack to get it , there is really no need for the initiated or fanatical fan to buy this . Stick to the official releases . TRUST ME , you 'll be much happier and you 'll have a much more rewarding listening experience .
 Oh dear . This from one of the Eagles ??? Obviously Don Henley was the Eagles and Glenn was a passenger . OK , I have n't heard any other GF albums and I wo n't bother on the strength of this . 1 star each for Two Hearts and Soul Searchin ' -LRB- nice backing singers -RRB- but I 'm afraid that is being generous . If you have the money to buy this , Do n't ! Buy anything from the Eagles or Don Henley .
 Glenn Frey 's Soul Searchin ' is n't good . Very 80s sounding album with little to offer and a lot to annoy . I mean , coming from a founding member of The Eagles this should at least have some good tunes on it . Instead it 's just one of those terrible albums that came out during the worst period in the history of recorded music
 I know I 'm going to get negative reviews by posting this , but oh well , it 's better to be truthful . My first Gamma Ray album was `` No World Order '' and I 've got to say I loved it . `` Eagle '' `` Heaven or Hell '' , `` Damn the Machine '' , and `` Heart of the Unicorn '' , and `` Fire Below '' are all totally awesome songs , and , having loved this album so much I figured this `` best of '' would be as good or better ! Hahaha , well boy did I feel stupid when I popped these discs into my player . The majority of the songs on this album are total trash that resemble metal only in that it has frenetic , insanely fast drumming on many tracks complete with Kai Hansen singing in a voice that sounds like a Munchkin on helium at a rate that tries to keep pace with the drumming ... all to the lead of cheesy , keyboard-driven music !! Is there anybody even playing guitar here ?! On the other hand , there ARE a few good tracks ... the Introduction for one , `` Somewhere Out in Space '' is another . But these are few and far between , and I was hitting the skip button on my CD player WAY too often considering that there are 2 discs worth of material , and I only liked perhaps 4 songs total between two discs !! All I can say is that I am glad that Gamma Ray 's style has matured into what they put out on `` No World Order '' , which is FAR superior to this album . For fans of TRUE epic metal , check out Hammerfall 's albums as well ... do n't buy this album unless you 're planning to use the discs as coasters or frisbees .
 Ian & Sylvia and Nashville was not a good mix . The entire album seems forced , as if they are trying to be something that they are not . Stick with `` Ian & Sylvia 's Greatest Hits '' or `` The Complete Vanguard Recordings '' , both of which are wonderful if you are a fan of their 's .
 YOU WILL NOT GET THE ORIGINAL JUICY LUCY FROM 1969 !!!!!!! THE TRACK LISTING IS MISLEADING !!!!!!! MY FIRST AND LAST EXPERIENCE WITH AMAZON !!!!!!!!
 This is an absolute waste of studio time here folks ! The record shop was playing this horrible cover version by Ginuwine and it was terrible to say the least . Generally artists try to improve or add to a remake or cover but this is just flat , dry and overall empty . What possessed him to try and tamper with a classic by Prince . You ca n't immitate a classic folks ! If you ca n't handle the heat of the classic best leave it alone or stay outta the kitchen ! ZERO stars here ! Nice photo though !
 prince does ` nt let just anybody remake his stuff and after hearing this I can see why .
 there are Very Few songs that I have Heard other Artist 's cover that have surpassed the Original.well this Ai n't It.Ginuwine adds nothing to One of Prince 's Classics.instead He makes it into a Bad Night at a Karoke Bar.no feeling or depth whatsoever here to me .
 I went out and got the CD on the first day it released after hearing So Sick and Stay - he knew which songs to release first . I am not happy I did . I am not feeling the CD at all . The radio keeps saying that it is hot and everyday I listen to it to see what I missed . I repeat Stay all the time as the other songs are not that great . I can tell which song he wrote for Mary because it is the same track as hers . Mirror is ok but the CD is not good . I would rather listen to my Marques Houston CD at least I like 4-5 songs on that CD . Like Chris Brown , this was a waste of money ... Get the bootleg !
 This CD is just whatever . I was n't really too impressed with it . Ne Yo can carry a tune , but he has no range and all of his songs sound the same . Maybe if there were real instruments being played instead of beat machines and synthesizers I 'd be a little more interested . Anyway , this CD was boring and it was hard for me to listen to . Ne-Yo needs to stick to writing songs for other people . Skip this .
 vocally Ne yo reminds me of a low-budget take on sisqo.the material here is hit & alot of miss . He will probably have a chance behind the scenes in the long run , but vocally he ca n't sing as well as Mario.Ne Yo has a understanding for radio & that will suit him better in the long run , but this album just does n't have alot of good songs .
 You can only leave a good review for Neyo or you get your review removed from the list . But I have over 500 cd 's , so my expectations are high and after so sick , Mario 's let me love you , I was expecting a great cd but sorry , this is not , he can write good songs like the above , but the cd as a whole , is only worth 1 star.I just had to write a review because I was so disappointed in the almum as whole and I did not want another person to fall into the same trap I did , due to the hype around this guy . So if you have been into r & b ; like me from the early 90t 's , and you have alot of cd 's and you have reached a stage were , if you are going to spend your money on a cd , all or at least 8/10 tacks must be good , then take your time before you decide to buy this cd . When he comes up with a great cd with more than two or three songs I will be one of the first , to get online and say so .
 Ne Yo has had some promising singles and on the strength of `` So Sick '' , I picked up this album . In the same order , I picked up an older Anthony Hamilton and man , let me tell you they are like night and day.Ne Yo is obviously a talented cat , but his delivery and overall presentation leave a lot to be desired . R+B and Soul come from having some history , having some real pain , having lost your woman the night before your wedding , having your man two time you all over town . No matter what , you need to go through the pain to sing and write about the pain.Ne Yo comes off like a teenager , with immature experiences and no street cred . Maybe someone that is 13 and is breaking up with their girl of 6 weeks can realate ... but I need Teddy Pendergrass , Anthony Hamilton , Marvin Gaye , James Ingrim , Johnny Gill ... or anyone else that keeps it real to tell me whats up , not some kid whining on track after track.Ne Yo may grow into a solid performer , but for now he should stick to MTV and pop radio ... cause he just doesnt stand up in the midnight hour like R+B singers that I know and love .
 X
 I do n't like his song `` I 'm so sick of love 's songs '' I 'm thinking how can you not like loves cause Ne-Yo cause you ca n't sing one . He knows he does n't have any real talent . The way he sings just does n't sound right . His voice does n't hit those high notes like R&B ; male singers did back in he 80 's and 90 's . And these days R&B ; always have dum rappers , as back up singers.I do n't know what 's wrong with this generation young people who love Ne-Yo are just plain ignorite , know your roots . Remember when music mean something and sounded real good I miss these male R&B ; artist
 def jam used to be a rap label now I see sorry singers taking over neyo sucks this is for those who like stupid annoying kids like chris brown , and omarion .
 NEVER GOT IT SO I GUESS IT 'S NOT GOOD IF YOU SEND IT TO ME I GUESS I 'D LIKE IT BUT I NEVER GOT IT
 European progressive metalheads have come up with some surprising advancements in musicianship and songwriting , but that scene has also unleashed some staggering mediocrity . For example , Spain 's Arwen . I feel bad giving this album such a harsh review , because Arwen seem to have some passion and likeability , but you could almost feel guilty about their colossal ineptitude . Arwen has eight members -LRB- they might be the only metal group on Earth with two fulltime keyboardists -RRB- , and their music sounds like it was created by a committee rather than a passionate band . There may not be much of a metal scene in Spain , and unlike the trendsetters and innovators to their north , Arwen sound isolated and left behind . They 're a good two decades behind in metal hipness , but instead of oozing retro cool , Arwen are bloated with outdated squareness.This album 's attempted progressions are merely imitations of what actual progressive bands were doing long ago . Really long ago . The major problem is the very prevalent keyboards , which try to sound advanced but actually sound borrowed from 80s arena rock , and even the lamest 70s art rock of Kansas or Styx . The other musicians occasionally get some good riffs going , like in `` Dance of Souls '' or `` Infinity , '' only to get swept aside by treacly keyboards and histrionic vocals . One member of the band who provides a little personality is femme singer Mamen Castano , who handles about half the lead vocals . Mamen has some real power and potential for excitement , but very little subtlety or variety , and she appears to be attempting a bad impression of Cristina Scabbia of Lacuna Coil . Meanwhile , like most of the European metal bands , Arwen sing in English . I 've never thought this was necessary , because people can usually express themselves better in their native tongue . Arwen embody the worst of this trend too , with lyrics that reach impossible heights of cliche , not to mention poor translation , such as `` I do n't know how I can scape '' or `` misterious -LSB- sic -RSB- signs that time ca n't erase , '' among a continuous parade of lyrical lameness . Just take a look at the cliched song titles , then up the cliches by several orders of magnitude , and you 're only beginning to imagine what Arwen have to offer , lyrically and musically . -LSB- ~ doomsdayer520 ~ -RSB-
 I was very dissapointed with the CD , after listening to it for over 10 times I still ca n't remember one tune by heart . I still plan to see the film though and enjoy the actors and actresses in this film . I hope my film experience will be much better than my audio one . I really liked Ms Jennifer Hudson at the Academy Awards and I 'm a big fan of Edie Murphy .
 Apart from Beyonce singing Dreamgirls , this album does n't bring much . It 's a dud . Most of the songs are just a lot of talking not actual singing . The movie was good , and I think it 's better to watch that and listen to the songs . Unlike the soundtrack `` Casino '' , which I can listen to and enjoy without seeing the movie , I ca n't with this . they should have done what most movies do and pick a bunch of great oldies by other artists back in the day to create the movie/soundtrack . and i 'm also very sick of Jennifer Hudson . sure she can hit high notes , but she only sounds like she 's screaming . her voice is not appealing . i rather listen to Beyonce 's voice any day ; it 's easier on my ears . i also do n't like how she 's so arrogant and ungrateful to Idol . i do n't think she 's going far with that kind of stink attitude . it just shows you 're a sore loser .
 I FELT ASLEEP HEARING THIS SOUNDTRACK I HEARD IT CAUSE MY SISTER BOUGHT IT AND I THOUGHT IT WAS GOING 2 BE GOOD AND I FELT ASLEEP !! THEN MY SISTER TOLD ME TO GO 2 THE MOVIES 2 SEE IT SHE SAID I MIGHT LIKE THE MOVIE BETTER SO I SAID YES AND IT WAS 3HOURS OF BORING !! I ONLY LIKE # 1SONG WHICH IS `` AND IM TELLING YOU IM NOT GOING '' SO PEOPLE DONT WAISTE UR MONEY ON THIS CD !! I 'D RATHER SEE THE MOVIE THEN HEAR THE MUSIC
 Disappointment . I enjoyed the movie but something was somehow lost whilst listening to the music without the accompanying visual material . Maybe the energy of the performers ? The movie was a much better buy .
 I never received this item . This was the second time that they have n't sent an order . They are based in Poway , California . Do n't order from them . Buyer beware !
 I will probably get shot for saying this . But Jennifer Hudson is NO Jennifer Holiday . She my have a strong voice , but it 's not Holiday strong -LRB- not to mention as skilled -RRB- If you want to hear these songs at their best , get the Broadway soundtrack .
 I really enjoy some of the songs on this CD . I do have to say that it is kind of a let down to listen to the CD after seeing the movie in the theatre . Seeing the emotion on the singers face really adds to the dynamic of the songs when you 're watching the movie . I cried during almost every song when I saw Dreamgirls at the theatre , but not as much listening to it on CD . It is an excellent movie with a great soundtrack . It is very inspiring and a lot of hard work went into it obviously , I 'll give 'em that . Kudos to Jennifer Hudson ! She really belts 'em out .
 Let me preface this review by saying that I 'm not a John Frusciante fan , and I find his guitar playing to be uneven and sloppy . And I find his much hyped songwriting chops underwhelming.With that noted , here 's my review : Frusciante has loads of potential as an artist . With the right production , his songs would soar and draw the listener in . However , John insists on going the lo-fi route , and the songs suffer . Part of the reason for this is that Frusciante is a guitarist , not a singer . And he sings on all of these songs . Many an artist has gotten by with voices that are less than stellar , Bob Dylan and Neil Young are notable examples . The difference between Dylan and Young and Frusciante is that both Dylan and Young have learned how to use the voices they have to great effect in their music . Frusciante has n't had this revelation yet so he strains for high notes he ca n't reach , and screeches unintentionally -LRB- I 'm assuming -RRB- . Making the experience even more painful is the pseudo poetic lyrics that have mistaken cryptic -LRB- and inscrutable -RRB- for depth . What 's more Frusciante mumbles most of the lyrics so you ca n't understand a thing even with a lyrics sheet.And the guitar playing is lifeless and uninspired . This is coming from a man who played on Mars Volta records , and fared better collaborating with them than in creating his own solo work . Which leads me to believe that Frusciante does better with a trusted collaborator who can focus , polish , and edit the frenetic output from Frusciante 's disturbed id.If an artist is going to hyped to the skies , as Frusciante is , one has the expectation that the artist should live up to those accolades . He does n't . I 'm still waiting for him to put out music that is as awe-inspiring as most fans and the media seem to think Frusciante is.To Record Water for Ten Days is n't that CD . I wanted to give it one star , but the addition of the haunting ` Going Inside ' made me add another star . Maybe one day , Frusciante will collaborate with a producer and create a work of enduring beauty . One can only hope .
 The music here is very good ; haunting , moody , ethereal . At times the lo-fi recording even adds to the ambience . When John starts singing , he loses me . When he sings in his normal voice , I can get used to it . It detracts from the music anyway , but I can handle it . But then on too many songs he reaches for a falsetto he can ' t pull off and makes the songs unlistenable . If this were an instrumental CD I 'd give it 4 stars for the style and his amazing ability to play the guitar . But the songs have words and John sings them and he should n't . I have listened to this CD over and over , but his voice never gets any better and in the end it lessens the songs for me .
 The best parts of the album , as noted in other reviews , are the guitar playing and composition , which are quite enjoyable.None of the processing here does anything to improve on Mr. Frusciante 's three note range -LRB- the growl , the not-so-growl , and the falsetto -RRB- , and it would have been better to just record the voice straight and clear
 A collection of forgettable songs made unbearable by the singing . Do n't buy this CD . It 's uninspired music sung by someone with an unpleasant voice.Frusciante should emulate Beck and Santana , who usually follow Zappa 's good advice
 I bought this album in order to flesh out my already significant awe for Mickey and the succession of material he has produced . It 's all the familiar great stuff , but utterly marred by the inclusion of the two tracks from `` Mystery Box '' . In short Mickey , they should have remained a mystery . They are Vocal , R&B ; cheesy , saccharine and entirely out of place . If you like to listen to Hart for the shamanic beats and interestingly coloured exotic atmospheres , prepare to program your CD player to skip tracks 2 & 3 as they are just awful and guaranteed to ruin any moment . A poor choice from the producers ; no doubt why I was able to buy it on ebay for 1.50 . I think there is nothing to be gained for the Hart fan here . One would be better off buying the original albums . Buy `` Mystery Box '' only if you feel in need of aural punishment .
 There 's something wrong with this CD . I 'm not sure why , but it sounds like somebody took some regular tracks , and tried to `` enhance '' them by tweaking with the eq and compressing the sound . In a couple of the tracks , the high notes are painfully sharp at times . The CD 's also lacking good contrast in the music -- due to what sounds like compression -LRB- which `` smooths '' out the music , eliminating volume variations -RRB- , and this makes the songs sound just awful . The backing horn section is often barely audible , while the lead section blasts in a flat-volumed blah.I guess you can expect a compilation of such low quality when they print on the back of the CD , `` GAP TV Commercial Theme Song '' as a description of Jump , Jive , An ' Wail . -LRB- Which is somewhat wrong -- the song is right , but the CD includes a processed mix of the original Louis Prima version , not the Brian Setzer one used in the ad -RRB- Other bad tracks include a version of Zoot Suit Riot , which I 'm almost positive was done using a synthesizer . Do they think we wo n't notice?I was n't expecting much -- just wanting to hear new bands , but from what I 've heard , I would n't want to try the other bands out . However , I 've listened to some of the bands on the CD with their original albums , and it sounds a whole lot better . If you just want a general idea of what type of style the band plays , this CD might be okay . But do n't use it as a definate judgement against these guys . I 'd recommend `` Hipsters , Zoots & Wingtips '' a lot more than this comp ; while that CD is not purely swing as this one claims to be , the sound is much better.BTW , I have n't looked at the video yet -LRB- free mail-in offer -RRB- , but I 'm not expecting much .
 I have the VCR copy of this and I purchased the DVD , hoping to have another way to watch it . However the quality of the DVD is horrible . It 's like someone pirated it from the VCR copy . I could 've done a better job with lesser equipment .
 When I purchased my DVD player , I knew my first DVD had to be Hell Freezes Over by the Eagles . Next , it was The Dance by Fleetwood Mac . So perhaps unrealistically , my expectations were high when I purchased this DVD , Being a Dan fan from way back.The song list is great , and this must have been a good concert to see in-person . All the good stuff is pointed out in the other reviews , so i 'll focus on what was wrong with it , and try to balance out the score.Unfortunately , it shows it 's age . It should have been a clue that it was n't being presented in Dolby Digital 5.1 , DTS , or even Pro-Logic . This concert should have been remastered before pressing the DVD . The sound stage is almost non-existent , at best when Dan plays the solo accoustic work . There 's little or no separation of the stereo image . You might as well listen to it on your 50.00 boom box . And when Dan injects his commentary in-between , and sometimes on top of songs , it booms out , and distorts . especially if you 've pumped up the volume a notch to make up for the lack of depth . The same applies to the picture quality , but this may be more at the source , than the way the DVD was pressed.The presentation was also disappointing , with a bleak stage , having a kind of adobe walls , and American Indian folk art being the extent of any artistic expression . I know Dan is a nature boy , and I think that 's cool . And he certainly needs no elaborate stage to present his music on . Quite the contrary actually , as I was hoping for a setting the likes of Kenny Loggins Redwoods Concert , and outdoors at a minimum . Perhaps Sedona -LRB- AZ -RRB- would have been a good setting -LRB- can you imagine -RRB- ! As far as his supporting band , and even some of Dan 's equipment is concerned , there was also something to be desired . Do n't get me wrong , the talent was there , just not the quality . For instance ; There was far too much `` synthesized '' keyboard , bringing to mind a cheap one man bar band sound . In Leader of the Band , listen for what should be the horn solo . Instead it 's poorly presented by a synth , that sounds well , like a synth . And again on Same Old Lang Syne , which should have been played on a baby grand . Instead Dan used a synth with the depth of a garage sale keyboard.So there 's my take , but if you 're expecting to `` experience '' the concert , like you were there , forget it . Send Dan a letter and tell him to please do another . `` If he builds it , it will sell ! '' Dan 's music is certainly deserving of much , much more . It was just a marginal first attempt . If you only want a documentary , you wont be disappointed.C ` mon Dan , let 's have it !
 I do n't care for synthetic music . The CD cover is very misleading . Notice the fine print that says Original Soundtrack played by global stage orchestra . It 's a bunch of synthesized music . Do n't by this CD if you want the original soundtrack music you actually heard in the movie .
 I wish I 'd read the sole review on this . This CD stinks . It 's all synthetic . Just terrible . I 'd like to find the guy who recorded this and stomp on his toe .
 With it 's harmonica touches and fairly typical guitar stylings this is a departure from Finley 's earlier releases . And on first listen it is sprightly and catchy enough . But before long you realise hat it has little melody or style to it . And the lyrics , about Finley 's joy at being a dad , are embarassingly fey and lame , the type of stuff an artist should keep to themself . The very concept of Finley doing a Black Sabbath cover is bizarre , and the results are unsuccessful there too .
 I did not receive this CD . I received the wrong CD and I never got the correct one . But my money was refunded .
 When I was younger I remembered this album . Being older now I wondered why I did n't have it . Now I know . I would not consider this a rock album , the songs are to mellow and sort of dreamy . Having said that `` Rocky Mountain High '' is excellent . But you would be better off finding this song in a compilation with other good songs by other artists . The name of the album is the most imaginative part of the whole thing .
 Despite his name and his looks , G&uuml;nther is n't a sleezy German pimp , but a Swedish dance artist . Of course , G&uuml;nther & The Sunshine Girls -LRB- who look and act like `` lesbian '' porn models -RRB- are a spoof.However , I never understood what they are making fun of , and why . MTV video clips ? The joke is mostly on G&uuml;nther . His music is so bad , that it becomes a turkey!You probably have to be really drunk on Swedish hard liquor to appreciate this music -LRB- or the spoof -RRB- . If you live in Sweden
 This is a Mad TV , SNL , type of satirical character who is clearly simply someone who is like an Ali G like joker who has hired a crew , or a crew has hired him to make catchy songs about living a sexy life of respect , honor and above all being a man of pleasure . I worked in record store for years , and that was one of the best laughs we ever had about anything , and or an any artist that came ever into our stores . Great gag gift !!!
 Truly the most insipid , ignorant and boring dance music -LRB- techno or otherwise -RRB- I have ever heard . Save your money and dance to the dishwasher sounds instead . There should be a special concentration camp for non-creative slugs like this .
 I bought this for my 5 year old because he liked Ice , Ice Baby . When I saw it had M C Hammer , I thought a two for one had to be a good deal . MC Hammer only has 2 songs # 1 and # 5 that are his good sounds . Adams Family # 2 -LRB- Whatever -RRB- Please ! They should have saved the wax used to print it . Vanilla Ice was good , 4 out of 5 is not bad .
 I absolutely loved Clay Pigeons - I 've made anyone visiting watch it . That 's how much I love it . But the cd disappointed me because it left out some songs most importantly `` It 's Now or Never '' which was , in my opinion , played at a crucial point in the movie and at one of my favorite scenes . The scene was when Lester was in `` Vixon 's '' kitchen getting a beer & he eyed the butcher block on the counter . He then picked up the biggest knife , tipped his cowboy hat forward & that 's when the song played which was so cool . So why that song & others did n't make the soundtrack is beyond me but nevertheless , disappointing . - LJ
 I have only had limited exposure to Natacha Atlas 's unique and wonderful music , but I know a weak effort when I hear it . This is one . Even her slinky , Old World charms can not totally save this disc . While Mish Fadilak , Rah , and Lelsama are strong tracks , most of the rest of the disc suffers from weak grooves and uninspired arrangements . And her take on I Put A Spell On You may have been an interesting idea , but on disc it just does n't work ; her voice is not suited to blues/rock and I actually laughed when I heard it.But do n't let this review get anyone down . I fully respect and love past work that I have heard . For the uninitiated , I would suggest Gedida or Diaspora as a starting point . Natacha Atlas is wonderfully talented , but Ayeshteni is not a good example of this .
 I own three CDs by Natacha Atlas . Gedida and Halim are both pretty good , and I would recommend it . Ayeshteni is poorly made and I do not recommend it . I have not yet listened to her fourth CD , but I still vote `` Ayeshtani '' the worst of all four .
 The best song on this CD is the one that 's available for free as an Amazon download . Its `` Mish Fadilak '' . For a very pricey CD this was not very good .
 I am so grateful that this was not the first Natacha Atlas album I ever heard , because I would never have gone on to discover the wonders of her other works . This is absolute garbage . If you want gorgeous music expressive of Middle Eastern traditional music , Ana Hina is a wealth of wonders . If you want dance music , Diaspora is full of infectious grooves and surprises . This album takes boredom to a new level .
 Probably the worst purchase I have ever made . In fact , it was thrown out the window on the highway and probably injured some poor helpless woodland creature ... thanks a lot People In Planes ... Thanks Alot
 How can you listen to this or any other kind of country music . I just do n't see it if you ca n't rap it or rock it do n't sing it .
 As a fan of different types of trance , and expecting this to be a good cd , I was totally wrong . To put it short , the cd sucks , at least from a Trance point of view . If you liked his track Heaven , DONT waste your money on this cd . There is nothing trancy about it . Maybe one or two songs from the CD , once they are remixed , have some promise , the rest just fade into the back ground .
 Despite his name and his looks , G&uuml;nther is n't a sleezy German pimp , but a Swedish dance artist . Of course , G&uuml;nther & The Sunshine Girls -LRB- who look and act like `` lesbian '' porn models -RRB- are a spoof.However , I never understood what they are making fun of , and why . MTV video clips ? The joke is mostly on G&uuml;nther . His music is so bad , that it becomes a turkey!You probably have to be really drunk on Swedish hard liquor to appreciate this music -LRB- or the spoof -RRB- . If you live in Sweden
 This is a Mad TV , SNL , type of satirical character who is clearly simply someone who is like an Ali G like joker who has hired a crew , or a crew has hired him to make catchy songs about living a sexy life of respect , honor and above all being a man of pleasure . I worked in record store for years , and that was one of the best laughs we ever had about anything , and or an any artist that came ever into our stores . Great gag gift !!!
 Truly the most insipid , ignorant and boring dance music -LRB- techno or otherwise -RRB- I have ever heard . Save your money and dance to the dishwasher sounds instead . There should be a special concentration camp for non-creative slugs like this .
 So much has been written about Cryptopsy , but I fail to see what the big deal is about them . Yes , they are fast and `` technical '' , but when I listen to this album , all I hear is standard death metal.How about something with some substance ? How about giving some respect to the pioneers of Canadian death metal , Gorguts !?
 I totally agree with the reviewer before me ! Cryptopsy have definitely gone mainstream ! Hell , people that like Cryptopsy listen to Nile , Cannibal Corpse , Morbid Angel , ect . ect ... Cryptopsy are highly overRated like Nile ! The vocals are n't very br-oooo-tal ! The songs all sound identical , the drumming & vocals practically drown out the guitars . I like their old vocalist -LRB- Lord Worm -RRB- . Well , if ur skeptical about picking up this CD , I think it would be better to go for their previous opus ` None SO Vile ' much much better , filled with violent-well played riffs , killer drumming & vokills ! I give None SO Vile 5 STARS ! Killer CD ! Whisper Supremacy belongs in A Microwave ! Go & listen to some Centurian or Disciples of Mockery !
 this cat needs to retire & just go away.He ca n't sing , ca n't dance & is still trying to bring back sounds he did 20 plus years back when he actually mattered . this corny song was a poor attempt at trying to sound like Lil Jon , Dr.Dre & others & it falls badly . He is stuck in a Musical time warp . no matter how hard he trys he ai n't never gon na touch what Michael Jackson did as a Artist . this song like much of his material over the past almsot 20 years is Soulless & Boring .
 The absence of Jimmy Gonzalez 's producing is evedent in this the last release from Mazz with Joe Lopez . It does not come close to the standard that has been set by the group in recent years . Its a cd that should not have even been released . Although at times it shows a few glipses of greatness , it sounds dated and poorly thought out . I have been an avid fan of Mazz , and this is the first time that I feel that buying one of their cd 's was a waste of money
 I do n't know how you came by this awesome band , but you 're on the wrong page ; just follow any link here to the Gods & Gangsters album and buy that . In fact , you should but two -LRB- or more -RRB- and give the extra one -LRB- s -RRB- to friends . They will thank you for it.If you already have Gods & Gangsters and -- understandably -- want more , then you 're looking for A.D. Not quite as good and only an EP , but still good stuff . So go buy that ... and then stop there.Despite retaining the two main songwriters this album does n't even start sounding like the same band until the third song . And by `` start sounding '' I mean recognizing Ray Lemieux 's what-I-used-to-think-was-distinctive voice . Unfortunately his return to form for the remaining nine songs is n't enough to save this catastrophe . The only song that sounds like it 's the same group that made you want to buy this album is Alchemy ; and even that sounds like a demo of a throw-away song from Gods & Gangsters.Yes it is a much more `` raw '' - sounding album . Maybe it 's because of the new record company -LRB- lower-budget ? -RRB- or lack of producer -LRB- seriously , who 's ever seen an album that does n't credit a producer -- even if it 's the band themselves -- SOMEWHERE ? -RRB- . Maybe not and the sound of the album was intentional . Whatever the why , it does n't change what the final product is
 Boy , is Jude 's falsetto annoying ! This is a totally skippable album
 I like music of all types . I like to think I have an open mind . But , I found this CD to be distasteful and offensive . I would not recommend it to anyone . The only song I like on it is `` I Know . '' This song is on the City of Angels soundtrack .
 I saw Jude open for Tori Amos and I was taken aback ... he was really something else . Then I bought this cd and was extremlely disappointed , all the emotion and power in his voice was gone . Oh well ...
 With `` For Your Eyes Only '' -LRB- 1981 -RRB- music was part of an effort to refocus the Roger Moore image as James Bond , and it almost worked . A comical pre-credit sequence , an inane teenage skater played by Lynn-Holly Johnson , and another weak score , this time by Bill Conti almost ruined what was otherwise one of the best Roger Moore entries . The title song , again , was the main focus and Conti used lyrics by Michael Leeson and a stunning vocal by Sheena Easton to create another pop hit . The song , `` For Your Eyes Only , '' was also one of the best titles of the Bond cycle , and Easton 's rendition deserves special mention . Not only was her vocal outstanding , but she became the first vocalist to appear in a pre-title sequence , and her performance is a delight . Conti 's score was not . His attempts to update and popularize Barry motifs rarely worked , and were not memorable . His title song , on the other hand , was . The recent MGM Rykodisc release is nicely packaged , and is worth having for Bond fans . But the additional seven `` bonus cuts '' are not very good , except for the opeing `` Gunbarrel/Flowers For Teresa/Sinking the St. Georges , '' and `` The Climb . ''
 Mariah , honey , WHAT HAPPENED TO THE INNOCENT DECENT HIGH NOTE-HITTING BEAUTY QUEEN WE ONCE KNEW ? I know you 've had over a dozen # 1 hit singles , but really , this collaboration with a boy group like Ireland 's Westlife -LRB- on this Phil Collins cover -RRB- or 98 Degrees -LRB- on Thank God I 've Found You -RRB- , both of which appear on her Rainbow CD , is inexcusable for the 1999 album to get THE MOST reviews out of all her CDs , make her get into the MTV garbage my sister and so many teens in corporate America love so damn much , and similarly have the 1999 CD sell more than probably Daydream ever did . Which is why I 'm down with my mother , my older brother , and everyone else who does n't personally care for MTV or `` trash music '' at all . As for this single , I still prefer the original Phil version . This version loses its great meaning when sung by an otherwise great voice like Mariah 's , and nothing special can be deciphered from it . Stick to the original version and to Mariah 's earlier releases .
 it 's sad to see that mariah needs to enlist the help of boygroup Westlife to score her 2nd # 1 UK hit ... and her 1st was also a remake . what 's worse , mariah is into her zillionth remake so-called hit . The orginal by Phil Collins is a classic , not so sure about this reworked version , and further more reworked a 2nd time . mariah is still as emtionally barren and westlife , they aint even singing ... this is such a commercial attempt to revive mariah 's falling star and to boost westlife 's undeserving bright star !
 I caught DJ Spooky while in DC last fall . The show was fairly entertaining , so I figured I 'd give Riddim Warfare a try . In general I 'm not huge fan of hip hop , but do listen to a fair amount of electronica , trip hop , ambient , etc. . In general I feel this album falls short compared to European counterparts such as Tricky , although I 'm not sure this a fair comparison . DJ Spooky is not as intelligent as he wants you think he his . Many of his ramblings make no sense to me what so ever . Plus there are just to many Atari samples . Seriously I think there should be a limit on the number of Space Invader samples per recording -- 2 or 3 sounds good . I believe Atari could make a case for claiming royalties from this album . I found this work pretty immature .
 This album is very weak compared to his earlier efforts . The music is simple and straightforward , and the rapping is poor .
 I do n't get why people like this music , I only got the album because it was .25 cents . I thought I would give it a try , but it 's just not for me , I do n't even know how you can call some of the tracks on this album `` music , '' I would just call it sounds . The only track that I liked was `` It 's nice not to lose your mind '' but the track is phased from one side of the speakers to the others so you ca n't even hear the beat so it sounded terrible . I do n't mean to be close minded or sound like I am hating on this album but this is just my honest reaction to it . But , by all means if you are a person who enjoys this album , more power to you . Just not for me .
 21/2 Eclectic and eccentric electronic stew is not quite the assured album it wishes to be , usually substituting genuine compositional strength for heavy , self-absorbed sampling that does more to highlight Spooky 's technical abilities then offer anything as mind blowing as most of these track are attempting to be . I also feel that , although the lazy hip-hop element may help , somehow this album 's sad stressing of a lackluster originality , opting towards offbeat , does nothing for this Dj 's limited though noticeable talent . In the electronic world Spooky is one of the few DJ 's who actually warrants some kind of name recognition . In the bland niche of record spinners , this scratcher stands further out still , always stressing a depth usually unseen with most carrying the shallow moniker . With his hungry palate never settling on any particular style for too long , overambitiousness still clearly outweighs these somewhat fun , intelligent , though empty mix-ups in mostly bombastic distraction masking precious little substance . At 21 tracks , what we are left with is an obnoxious sound collage that is way more filler then killer .
 My friend was going to toss this CD but gave it to me . As the title suggests , something revolutionary was supposed to happen . Unfortunately , DJ Spooky 's efforts are a mish-mosh of noise , tired AOL samples , video game music & wrecked techno .
 I am largely disappointed with this album . Some of the reviews I have read hailed DJ Spooky 's attempt to conjoin multpile genres with his expirimental style , but to me the result is an an incoherent bravado of noise . The only enjoyable tracks are those featuring guests such as Kool Kieth and Sir Menelik , but between Spooky 's silly pseudo-intellectual music-science rationalizations and his overly filtered effects , it sounds less like music and more like someone having fun with a mixing board .
 Though I 'm always looking for interesting , innovative electronic music , I have resisted DJ Spooky for a while . Mainly because what I heard from him prior to Riddim Warfare sounded like someone tuning their ham radio while practicing their bass down the hall from any microphones . But -LRB- his pompous theorizing aside -RRB- I wanted to like him . And I figured Riddim Warfare might be my window into his work . It was on a major label . Hell , he was even working with rappers . Well , unfortunately , Spooky 's still a work in progress . Despite a few interesting tracks , Riddim Warfare is all over the place . It 's drum n ' bass , it 's Brazilian music , it 's underground rap , it 's reggae , it 's pompous theorizing ! All of this with no strong unifiying purpose . And unfortunately , he still drops into that annoying `` illbient '' vaporousness . I 'm all for artistic diversity . But until Spooky develops some consistency to his work , he will just seem like he 's genre browsing .
 I was directed to Knapsack based upon my affinity to Jawbreaker and Samiam . I can barely see a similarity , although I can acknowledge that one exists
 This is a dissapointing video . The previous one was very good indeed and focused on the music videos . In this video there is a 40 minute session which might as well be skipped . It seems like somebody just installed a camera during the recording sessions and left it there . Boring is the only word that comes to mind . The videos are Ok but there are so few of them and one is even palyed twice . Another annoying thing is that Flesh-n-Bone 's verses ar cut , I mean he could obviously not be there for the video shot but they could have included his lyrics -LRB- he 's are the best -RRB- and played som videoclips of him or something like Puff Daddy did on Mo money mo problems with The Notorious BIG .
 Well , I have to say that I did n't really want to write a negative Sunny Day review , but then I thought of the unfortunate lads who would waste their money on this CD instead of buying a different Sunny Day CD . I am a big fan -LRB- driving 6 hours to see them play in a couple weeks -RRB- but I was kinda let down by this one . Diary and Self-Titled are strongly recommended .
 When I bought this album , I felt like crying . My favorite band , Sunny Day Real Estate , had reformed and I was thrilled . Then when I actually heard the CD , it was just a slap in the face . Sunny Day sounds nothing like they did in `` Diary '' or `` LP2 '' anymore . They are more of a rather watered-down alternative rock . `` Every Shining Time You Arrive '' is definetely a great song , but there 's no other song on the CD that would make you want to buy it . Let 's face it ... Sunny Day is dead , but what they did in their first two CDs makes them legendary .
 This album is just plainly a dissapointment . Half the album is brilliant and the other half , well they should have just put this out as and e.p. with only half of the songs . Sure Pillars , Every shining time , and How it feels to be , are brilliant . But they are ruined by 100 million , Two Promises , and Roses in Water . I expected this to be their best album -LRB- after hearing Jeremy 's solo album , which is a must buy -RRB- but it just turns out to studio , which means not that much emotion . Sure Jeremy is screaming , but there is nothing in his scream . Maybe Nate was more important than they 'll admit . The emo is only slightly there and that is what they are EMO ! Not alt-rock . Do n't start with this one . Buy Diary , and hear what one of the most promising bands of all time used to sound like . Maybe they should n't have gotten back together .
 A am a huge SDRE fan , but to tell you the truth their new CD was n't all that good , their old stuff was way better . SDRE has lost their style and emotion . This CD is n't worth buying .
 This album was a huge disappointment for me . Buy diary . The songs on ` this is how it feels ... ' make me think that sunny day has lost it for good . i cant ' t remember hearing such a bad album from such a good band . try listening to `` Mogwai '' if you like sunny day .
 This latest delivery from Mr. Isaak proves that even the highest quality musical performances can rapidly be dismantled by the redundacy of the same depressing theme . No doubt that the last track -LRB- instrumental -RRB- is the most worthy since we are not tortured by the continued one-dimentional focus on failed or troubled relationships . Let 's open a clinic for those who feel obligated to provide this theme such high ratings . Bottom Line
 I have many of Mr Isaak 's albums but this one lacks originality . I think you could begin to say that his songs are starting to sound the same eg . ` Please ' . They repackaged it recently by adding ` Baby Did A Bad thing ' on the end to create more interest in it , but you 'd be better off just buying the masterpiece album ` Forever Blue ' to get that song . Chris is a fantastic musician , but to find out why he is so popular in the world , listen to the albums before this , or even just purchase the compilation ` Wicked Game ' . It 's really all you need .
 Feeling a bit let down . Except for the `` Please '' , there really is n't anything you walk away singing .
 I miss the early Chris Isaak and Silvertone act with James Calvin Wilsey on guitar . It was a refreshingly classical rock and roll act using the same band format Buddy Holly and the Crickets and the early Beatles utilized
 `` Please '' and `` Flying '' are the only two songs that are worthy of his fame . I suffered through the rest of the CD wondering if anything else would ever break the glass barrier of mediocrity . This is the shame of talent in that I expect great things from the reflection of past CDs like `` Heart Shaped World . '' I think he rushed this CD and we all suffered as loyal fans . I sure hope this is n't a sign of things to come as next time I will listen fully before i purchase .
 Honestly , I love the loaf . I ca n't say enough good things about Vee Vee , Greatest of all time , and my favorite , all the nations airports . But this album just ... -LRB- bad -RRB- . Really . And take my advice . i hate to admit it , and i tried to get into this because i love every last effort , but this one just sounds disorganized , it 's the sound of a band trying to pretend they have heart in the music . But there really is n't too much on here . Never in my life has music given me a headache , but track 7 will give me one every time . This is one archers album to live without .
 AOL is my all-time favorite group , but what did they do in White Trash Heroes ? The album is correctly named - it 's trash . I like heavy guitar , but these songs have no rhythm & almost no guitar . Eric 's vocals are n't raspy like their other albums . And Eric 's newer group , Crooked Fingers , sound like the White Trash Heroes album . Big mistake . I do n't recommend it .
 i 've loved AOL from the very first 7 inch ... i ca n't count the times i 've reach for their cd 's and i will continue to do so - but WTH is n't an AOL album ... i could n't wait to listen to it and i was left completely devoid and let down - if you hear this album first - run ... run and return it and buy Icky Mettle and work your way up to this one from there ... spend a lot of time with All The Nations Airports and listen to them loud ... some of my very favorite songs are AOL songs -LRB- and that 's saying alot when you have thousands of cd 's / records -RRB- ... but i do n't see this album being anything but a space filler ...
 I 'm sorry , but I do n't know what all the hype on this one is about . In my opinion it 's all been done before and overdone with too many similiarities . I felt like I was listening to Iron Maiden meets Helloween meets Mercy Fate meets Lizzy Borden hangin ' out with Judas Priest . If this sounds appealing to you I would suggest you order this one right away . It 's just not my thing . I did like the instrumental though . I hope this is helpful .
 This is a various artists comp falsely listed on several sites as the Bad Surfer Podsters -LRB- you should have guessed from the silly not-a-real-bandname listing -RRB- . These are all old masters . The Beach Boys tracks here are pre-Capitol , and have been out in a million forms . The instrumentals are a mix of old studio sessions -LRB- not bands -RRB- and seventies remake studio projects -LRB- also not bands -RRB- . Not recommended .
 This is my all time favorite album . Great songs , unbelievable creativity and vision , Wild Mercury Sound . But the lousy record company puts both albums out on ONE disk , shortening `` Sad Eyed Lady of the Lowlands '' by about five minutes . That stinks . Stick to the LP . Someday the clueless drones who run Columbia might get a clue . Probably not .
 I have to add my voice to the very few dissidents who think this album is waaaaaay over-hyped and over-rated , with questionable lyrics and limited compositional depth , however ... Even though Dylan is not everyone 's cup of tea , and can be really annoying at best , and morbid at worst -LRB- does he ever smile , I wonder ? He was much more a poseur with his studied , cold aloofness , than Beatles ever were , even when they tried , with their genuine charm and warmth -RRB- , however his great achievement is in inspiring other musicians to shake off years of dross and think forward , and create original music . He literally lit a fire under the Beatles ' butts and spurred them on to create masterpieces like Rubber Soul and Revolver . He gave the Byrds their magical multi-colored Tambourine . He gave Jimi Hendrix his Watchtower , from which he sent forth legions of guitar heroes to conquer the world . I admit , I do n't understand how Dylan did it , because I do n't understand or even like his music , but I am sure glad he was around!I admit , this is a sacrilegious review that is sure to tick off a few readers , but hey , now and then a fool has to come out of the crowd , point and scream
 This is for Super Audio CD , I got to know this technology existed when I got this CD and couldnt play it . You should inform about this because this is NOT a popular technology and very few CD players can play it .
 At least on the picture on ebay it showed the giant yellow sticker that states its a reissue . -LRB- and it was cheaper -RRB- . I bought this one thinking it was not the reissue , because it didnt feature the giant yellow sticker in the picture . When i recieved the product , there 's the giant yellow sticker . What you see is not what you get . This amounts to false advertising in my book .
 Did anyone at CBS/Sony listen to the finished product before they started shipping it ? The CD layer is painful ! Highway 61 is n't much better , leaving me totally astonished . This steals the dubious honor of `` Worst Remaster Ever '' from Supertramp 's Breakfast in America - quite a feat . How many years do I have to wait until they get it right ?
 This disc was VERY disapointing ! The sound quality was n't much better -LRB- maybe worse -RRB- then the regular cd issue . Tinny and too bright , it was a very harsh listen to a very well recorded album.Too bad , as I eagerly waited to hear it , especially after the wonderful sounding Rolling Stones sacd 's .
 Although the CD arrived promptly , upon playing the disk the first cut -LRB- song -RRB- did not play.Disks should be ckecked for perfection before shipping .
 I bought this two record set when it first came out at Jack 's Record Shop in Red Bank , NJ . I did n't listen to it for a couple of months then when I started listening to it I found that most of the songs had bad skips in them . By that time I had thrown away the receipt so I could n't get my money back or trade it in . I had quit going to that shop anyway because of the nasty personnel that work there.I just bought it again online in CD form and will smash the LP version I still have .
 `` Never trust anyone over thirty '' I do n't trust Bob Dylan . Actually , I could n't care less . In any case , Dylan 's so twisted it 's very difficult to tell what he 's really saying/meaning . Blonde on Blonde is considered one of Dylan 's greatest albums . Dylan took folk , rock 'n roll , blues , and came up with a distinct sound . It depends on what mood the listener is in to either appreciate or totally dismiss that sound . One word of caution
 Ok , now this is the second review in the trilogy I 'm doing for a birthday present for my dad . The first was Saergent Pepper , and now this Bob Dylan record . Once again , I apologize to my fans , seeing as I 'm really not into these reviews . My dad wants me to review his favorite 3 records , so it 's now his birthday gift from me . I 'll state it again
 Is there a sane person out there that can explain the appeal of this ? rainy day woman # 12 and # 35 ? absurd , lyrics , song title , and singing about how we all must get stoned ? I want you which sounds like it took 2 minutes to compose ? stuck inside of mobile ... I 'll cut to the chase - if this was buy anybody else , it would have gone out of print 30 years ago ! Got money to spend , go buy the beatles `` white album '' , now thats a album !
 wonderful , meaningful song titles `` rainy day woman 12 # and 35 # , ??? , great lyrics `` but AHHH WOULD NOT FEEEL SOOO ALOOOONE , EVERWABUDY MUST GET STOOONED '' , superb vocals that make Keith Richard sound like a opera singer make this the rock phoozle that it is ! GO BUY A BEATLES ALBUM INSTEAD !!!
 I know that the song that kicks off this album went as high as number 2 , and then was banned immediately because of the use of the word `` Stoned '' . It was 1966 , and I guess `` Stoned '' was one of those dangerous words because people would associate it with Marijuana , or LSD . However , it could also be used for Alcohol too , but I feel that Dylan was actually singing about `` Judging '' . No one will ever really want to admit to being a judge of people because it 's not politcally correct , and in the Bible it talks about not judging because others will judge us . Some can be blind though , and actually get off on judging others because they do n't do things the way we do them . Let me count the ways : Stone you when you try to be so good
 I own a lot of music . I respect a lot of music new and old . I bought this and his essential collection . I strapped on my headphones and listened.rainy day women on this cd was the only song I could tolerate . Yes I know he WAS a great songwriter , but man he really can NOT SING.Seems this album has more affect for its nostalgic purposes than for the music it contains . I am only 33 so I was not involved in the `` hippie 60s '' . Now I love Jefferson airplane , Hendrix , Janis Joplin , Doors and old Heart . But Dylan does absolutly nothing for me.Anyone want to buy a barely used copy of blonde on blonde ?
 Another album with no hits um did that happen to Elvis or theBeatles um no it did not this guy is horrific .
 Unlike other listeners , I did not enjoy this CD . In fact , it made me very uncomfortable and I could n't help but wish for Mr. Bennett to be singing his own standards.I 've seen Jack Jones in person and have fallen for his cool charm , but he just does n't deliver the goods in this attempt.Sorry .
 This is the first jazz cd that I have ever heard Jack do . I think he did a good job as far as his singing goes . I liked the song selection and Jacks ' interpretation of the lyrics.The problem I had with this cd was that some of the arrangements I thought did n't work . I felt like this area could have been better . His pianist Mike Renzi , I thought , had a good touch on the piano keys.I think most people will want to own this cd . Please enjoy !
 This album is a step in the right direction for Jack , comprised of standards as it is , but he still clings to the new style he adopted when he left Kapp for RCA in 1968 , and abandoned the sound which had made him a star . When someone starts out on top , but still wishes to reach new heights , he often ends up going the wrong way . Come back to the top where you began and belong , Jack . P.S. I 'll take Pete King 's strings over this three-piece jazz combo any day .
 I would agree that Jack Jones certainly was underrated in his early days , and I still hope for a CD transfer of his first album ~ THIS LOVE OF MINE ~ for Capitol.However , it all went wrong when he moved from Kapp to RCA , and he went on to record the most unsuitable stuff . He really touched bottom with his I AM A SINGER album , and his Gershwin songbook album for Columbia simply showd that that once great voice was considerably frayed round the edges . He was no longer able to sustain notes.This self-indulgent album simply demonstrates that the wheel has turned full-circle and that he is now somewhat overrated . It really saddens me to think of all those years when he was still in good voice that have gone to waste .
 This is a disappointing CD if you are familiar with Jack Jones earlier Kapp albums from the 60 's and 70 's when he could really sing and had some style . The readings in this recording sound like funeral dirges and are generally quite depressing . There is plenty of good Jack Jones out there but not this one . If you like Tony Bennett , then stick with Tony Bennett and not a watered down treatment .
 I am only guessing that Jack was in need of money when this album was cut ! It is so bad ... so off key ... so lacking of his gentle touch in songs of the past ... so bad ... so bad ... but mostly ... so sad . I am a GREAT Jack Jones fan ... AND if he reads this I must tell him ... I WILL ALWAYS BE A JACK JONES FAN ... but of the voice from the past ! Some things do n't get better with age ! I only hope he made some money with this recording . Now I am going to buy a CD from the 60s and 70 's ... the REAL Jack Jones .
 To tell you the truth , this type of metal stinks . Is antiquated , boring , outdated and most of all very very repetitive . A word of advice if you want a library collection of this type of metal just try to buy a single from what ever random band of power matal , it can be either stratovarius , blind guardian whatever , and listen to just one song , and there is your power metal library , in other words it all sounds the same
 this follow-up to Somewhere Out in Space is nowhere near as good . Fewer great melodies and lyrical ideas . Closer in content to the album prior to SOIS , Land of the Free , but with the great drumming of Dan Zimmerman . Kai 's vocals not as good as on SOIS . Still , there are some nice uptempo tracks such as
 THis formula has already grow old . GAMMA RAY was good and fresh , but now sounds repetitive .
 Ever get the feeling that you 're travelling at the speed of sound with your hair blowing back and skin on your face stretching from the sheer velocity ... only to open your eyes and see grandma waving at you from outside your dad 's stationwagon ? This album -LRB- CD -RRB- is like that ! Kind of like spinning your tires or revving -LSB- up -RSB- a high performance engine stuck in neutral . High energy from beginning to end and full of righteous/noble noises with coverart reminiscent of an old Marvel comic book . I 've never been sooooo bored with an album in my life . The vocals are absolutely laughable from the constant pretense of duty and honor so lamely overdone in the same style as a few hundred -LRB- or thousand ... it 's like counting peanuts in a barrel -RRB- rehashed acts in the mid eighties . Powerplant is but a walking shadow strutting and fretting it 's 66 minutes upon the stage ... a work full of sound and fury signifying nothing.I 'm giving this CD a 2 but only for the comic relief . Given the advances and innovations in audio styles and technologies it 's hard to believe that this is the best a German band could come up with . It 's almost as if some marketing exec decided to rehype the same old formula/recipe put a new and improved flaming tinfoil wrapper on it and pretend it 's not a Big Mac.BBB
 Bought this CD in a used bin for $ 3 glad i didnt pay full price . Had heard good things about the band from other metal fans , but this disc is disappointing.The 1st few songs are ok , then it slides into cheesy , average power metal . Kai Hansen 's musical talent isnt in question , just the songwriting/lyrics . Maybe -LRB- probably -RRB- there are better Gamma Ray discs out there , but i wont risk $ 15 or so to find out after hearing this .
 I have to say I was shocked by the first listening to this cd . The sound quality is really really poor - the piano sounds like one of those midi-files you can hear on the home pages offering rolls for your electric piano , and several tracks are ending with a loud `` click '' as if this was a sloppy homeburn . The artist is playing at a mechanical pace , only slowing down and loosing the rythm at the difficult passages . -LRB- That 's why I 'm guessing there is in fact a piano player and not a paper roll behind the performance -RRB- . And the four-pages `` booklet '' comes from a cheap home printer . Is this some kind of fake or a joke ? At any price not worth the money !
 There are so many better ragtime albums that this one that all I can do is recommend that you purchase one of the others . This one features hamfisted playing with insensitive and mechanical performances and and a badly tuned piano .
 This CD was recommended in `` 101 Nights of Grreat Sex '' . While I can understand that this form of erotica might be stimulating to some , it did absolutely nothing for us , except make us laugh . Totally unrealistic and staged , it seemed very flat , cliched and un-lifelike to us . There were some sections -LRB- Kiss Me , Kiss and The Housewife and the Businessman -RRB- that were totally unintelligible . Bizarre .
 Vicious Panties - Woman comes home to find here husband wearing her panties . She gets angry and decides to take it to extremes . Forced feminization basically . The biggest problem was the man 's acting . Very flat ! sounded like he was reading ! Not my thing really , but the bad performance would have wrecked it if it was.Milky - In a nutshell it is a lactation and large penetration fantasy from a woman 's POV . Voices are well done , generally pretty good but there is some flowery prose in it . Not bad though . Unfortunately , a couple of references to childbirth kind of jolt you out of the mood a little . Might be a guy thing :-RRB- . Not bad over all.Kiss Me Kiss - ` Surrender to the Neo-Vagina ' was the line that finally made my wife and I loose it completely . We could n't stop laughing ! This is bad `` erotic '' poetry set to bad music . I went looking for my black beret and cigarette holder ! Skip it .
 This CD is more stories being told , where as we were led to believe that it was more sensual audio . Although the stories are erotic , it reminds me of someone play acting a story that you could read in any forum .
 The vignettes here are all as subtle as a hammer . If you like direct spoken voice , this may be for you . I found it lacking in any eroticism whatsoever .
 I too purchased this , or rather had it purchased for me for the ' 101 Grrreat Nights of Sex ' book -LRB- which by the way is very fun ! -RRB- . I gave this 2 stars because although there is some good material on here -LRB- and very kinky -RRB- , there is just too many weird , obscure , or plain not sexy tracks . It seems like the CD was trying to include a wide variety of tastes both erotic and artistic . The problem is that people who by it for the erotic value -LRB- which I believe is the largest market -RRB- are just going to shake their head at some of the `` artistic '' choices . Overall , there was no focus to the CD . It went from erotic to funny to irritating to bizarre . If you take just the erotic tracks , you end up with about five . Of those , each individual may find only 2 or 3 that appeal to them . 20 bucks for 2 or 3 good erotic tracks is a little too much . If your interest in this CD is other than erotic , maybe it is a better choice for you . As erotica , it is n't a lot of bang for your buck .
 I too purchased this , or rather had it purchased for me for the ' 101 Grrreat Nights of Sex ' book -LRB- which by the way is very fun ! -RRB- . I gave this 2 stars because although there is some good material on here -LRB- and very kinky -RRB- , there is just too many weird , obscure , or plain not sexy tracks . It seems like the CD was trying to include a wide variety of tastes both erotic and artistic . The problem is that people who by it for the erotic value -LRB- which I believe is the largest market -RRB- are just going to shake their head at some of the `` artistic '' choices . Overall , there was no focus to the CD . It went from erotic to funny to irritating to bizarre . If you take just the erotic tracks , you end up with about five . Of those , each individual may find only 2 or 3 that appeal to them . -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for 2 or 3 good erotic tracks is a little too much . If your interest in this CD is other than erotic , maybe it is a better choice for you . As erotica , it is n't a lot of bang for your buck .
 Too much Choir for me . Was looking for simple version of Wanderlieder to teach and sing along .
 ok i 'm going to preface this review by saying that i love GAMMA RAY . i 've been a fan of theirs for years . with that being said , i came into listening to the band with the album `` somewhere out in space '' , and those that followed . it was only recently that i had gotten into listening to their really early stuff . up to this point the earliest album i had listened to was `` insanity and genius '' . so i took a chance and got `` sigh no more '' , hoping that i would hear the blistering metal that i 'd heard on the newer albums or even during kai 's tenure with helloween . unfortunately i got neither . what i did get was a very boring album with uninspired songs and songwriting . this is more a hard rock album than a metal one and sounds nothing like any of the other GR albums i 'd heard before it . there are really no memorable , or even good , tunes here . i couldnt even get through 2 listens . it 's not a grower of a cd , it 's just BAD.if you want a good gamma ray cd , try these , LAND OF THE FREE , SOMEWHERE OUT IN SPACE , POWERPLANT , NO WORLD ORDER , MAJESTIC , LAND OF THE FREE 2 ... any of these would be a much more satisfying listen than this album .
 If you have a friend who does n't know Gamma Ray and you lend this album to him , he 'll hear anything from this band again ! THis CD was a complete mistake , horrible songs all over the place ... I bet Kai Hansen knows that ! Scrap this CD from Gamma Ray biography , and you 'll have on of the greatest metal bands ever !
 MAybe because he was starting his almost `` solo '' career , maybe because he was lacking some confidence , Kai Hansen put together one of the worst collection of German metal songs ever recorded . THis CD has nothing to do with later Gamma Ray fantastci albuns as '' LAND OF THE FREE '' and '' INSANITY AND GENIUS '' . Forget it .
 I do n't know what passed through Kai Hansen 's mind when he recorded this CD . It is by far the weakest Gamma Ray CD , it seems another completely different band from `` LAND OF THE FREE '' and other albuns . It 's horrible .
 This Cd sucks . It 's like Kai Hansen is not thu guitar player in this record . It 's very , very bad . Maybe he was trying his way after leaving Helloween , and the result was catastrophic . There 's not one good song in this CD . This is not Gamma Ray . Gamma Ray is `` Insanity and Genius '' , `` Land of The Free '' , `` Powerplant '' .
 I have never been so disappopinted and appalled by a recording in my life . I have played numerous shows on and off-Broadway , and I have no words to explain the sounds this recording captured . First of all the music is trite . The composer does n't have an original idea in him . The singers were ok , except for a few that were n't even in time with the orchestra . The conductor is also billed as a mixer , and I must say that I hope he has n't quit his day job . Everything about this recording is sloppy . How can someone market such a disaster?Do yourself and my collegues a favor
 I 'm getting sick of remixes nowadays , what with their philosophy of `` we 'll make a good trance song , then throw in a few samples of the original track at the last minute '' . When a song has vocals this good -LRB- and few do -RRB- , why in God 's name would you strip them out and just loop one line ?! Of all five tracks , only two have more than one verse included , and only one remains faithful to the feeling of the original . This track , the last one , is actually a very cool remix and the only thing saving this disc from complete failure . Oh yeah , whatever happened to including the album mix on singles as well ? Is it just an evil sceme to get us to buy the GAWD-AWEFUL domsestic release of `` Movement in Still Life '' , rather than paying a few dollars more for the far , far , FAR superior double disc import ? Why , BT , WHY ?!!
 Okay , i like BT . But after hearing these remixes i would like to say i do n't . I like the original song just fine , but these are terrible . I completely agree with zacariahs review stating that the remixes are awful . I also think that the import MISL is soooo much better . BT is conspiring against america ...
 considering the magnitude of Bryn Terfel as a star , it 's almost a let down . Granted the songs are beloved by some , still does not fully validate to create an album .
 Compared to the earlier DG disc in the same repertoire , and evaluated on an absolute standard of vocalism and style , this disc marks a serious decline in Terfel 's voice -- frayed , pale lower notes , and lunging high notes -LRB- yikes , sad to say ! -RRB- For artistry in the same repertoire , looks elsewhere . Terfel fans , beware ... the glory days are over . It 's all quite tired -- he needs a serious break to nurture his voice and enthusiasm .
 One would indeed wonder how this poor playing finds its way onto a CD of a major label at a time when the classical recording industry suffers from overproduction and poor sales ... that is if one does not read the liner notes carefully enough , or rather , between the lines of liner notes . It is clear that some Moscow based teachers have a tight grip on `` Denon '' and that is how poor playing gets on Denon CD 's ... amazingly along with such a phenomenal pianist from Russia like Valery Afanassiev . It is a shame that the names of these two underdeveloped musicians and average piano students - Irina Mejoueva and Constantin Lifschitz - could be on the same label with a major musical exponent of our time - Valery Afanassiev . There is something for Denon A&R people to think about ! Both of these young piano students did not even learn to pedal properly , let alone complete absense of the sense of style and finger technique .
 It 's awful . Really . If you like your jazz cymbals to have that fake digital tin-can icicle sound than this is for you ... Poorly done . Maybe the CD is better -LRB- ??? -RRB- . The music is great though . It 's Herbie for goodness sake ...
 My mother came across `` Way Down In The Hole . '' She loved the song . I bought the CD for her for Christmas . That was the only good song . The rest was so awful that we had to turn it off while we were opening the rest of our gifts . We never did put it back in .
 Well , I for one do n't quite agree with the glowing recommendations that have been provided here by other humble Tom Waits fans . This album comes nowhere near the beautiful serenity that is delivered in Closing Time , or The Heart Of Saturday Night both of which I think are Waits more valued items ...
 As I have surpassed 700 cds in my library , I thought it was time to add some Tom Waits . I started with Closing Time and absolutely love it , but Frank 's Wild Years is one of the WORST cds I have ever purchased . No soul , hokey tunes , not something I like at all . Perhaps Waits fans would like this but , as a Waits novice , I had to give this a second chance and I dislike it even more than when I first listened . This cd will go into my recycle pile . No camparison to Closing Time , absolutely none .
 I now love Tom Waits , but unlike many of the brilliant reviews already posted about what the album 's concept was meant to be , I stumbled onto it without knowing much about the artist and have n't listened to it much since . I thought it was terrible , but perhaps now that I have been enlightened to the wonder of Waits , I will give it another playing .
 Tom Waits definitely inspires extreme opinions . Many of my friends think he is one of the all-time greats . For me , the emperor has no clothes . One star is being kind.However , it 's not enough to just say this album is one of the worst I 've ever heard . It 's not enough to say Tom Waits is a pretentious fop . It 's not enough to say that he sings just like Cookie Monster.Those are all cheap shots and name-calling , which you can easily find on the message boards of TMZ.com and ESPN.com . No , my challenge here is to explain why I hate Franks Wild Years , in clear and precise language that will change your mind . A thesis on the musical stinkery of Waits that will make you realize you 've been living a lie.Of course , I can type and type and type , and it will all be in vain . You 'll all laugh and snicker , and shake your heads sadly at me and tell me I do n't get it . And you know what ? I do n't . I boldly assert my own ignorance of the supposed genius of Tom Waits , the two-bit troubadour.So let 's examine the themes of Franks Wild Years , which Waits desperately , almost pathologically wants you to explore.Of course , this is more than just an album . It 's `` Un Operachi Romantico In Two Acts '' , and completes a trilogy of albums . Really , Tom ? I 'm already not feeling very smart now that I 've entered your whimsical world . Sorry I missed the play that accompanied this very important piece of art . Maybe then I would truly understand it . Right now I am just hearing some accordions , some off-key horns , that gravelly , straight-from-Skid-Row voice of yours , and I 'm already getting upset.Franks Wild Years tells the story of Frank , a doomed loser dyin ' to get out of his one-horse town and go `` straight to the top '' -LRB- NOTE TO TOM
 The be all and end all for Quicksilver is the ` Happy Trails ' album . If you are n't familar with QMS , BUY THAT ALBUM . It 's as important a part of the San Francisco moment as Big Brother 's -LRB- Janis Joplin -RRB- ` Cheap Thrills ' , Moby Grape 's first album , or Jefferson Airplane 's ` Surrealistic Pillow ' . The other big group was the Grateful Dead , but try to pick one big album from them -LRB- I like their 2nd effort ` Aoxomoxoa ' just because it 's where you can first hear their sound evolving and because it was released about the same time as these other albums -RRB- . Hey , I was buying this when it was new , and these were the albums everybody had.If you like ` Happy Trails ' then try ` Shady Grove ' and then the first Quicksilver album . Then forget it . That 's all the good stuff . This compilation is a really bad idea ; you get no sense of the band , you miss the flow of music -- this was back when it was vinyl , remember , track sequence was really important -- I love this band . If this compilation was the first thing I 'd heard , I would n't have even listened to their other albums , and that would have been a shame .
 UPDATE
 I agree with the first reviewer on almost every count - I liked the tenor 's way of really speaking the text and the choir seemedalert to the Conductor 's demands . I was n't very happy with the baritone -LRB- not much soul -RRB- and although I do n't know much about countertenors , I do n't think that this one has a very attractive voice .
 Well ... this was a bit disappointing . Ivars Taurins is one of my favorite Canadian choral directors and his choir responds accurately , if not a bit lightly . The Soprano is fine and the Baritone would be if the microphone were not so close to his face . The Tenor , I thought , was very exciting . The Countertenor was not good - hooty in that way countertenors can be - and he seemed to have no connection to the text at all . If Taurins must use a Countertenor , why not Chance , Daniels , Scholl or Taylor ? Anyway , this one went back to the CD store ...
 this is a great album . showcases much of 242 's earlier material but , i should 've looked more closely at amazon 's item description . apparently they 're making CDR copies on-demand of ` out of print ' titles . so , yes , it 's a CDR -LRB- for 12 dollars -RRB- . does n't come with the original artwork , only a bad , digital print of the original artwork and a terribly abbreviated version of it at that.i was hoping to replace my cassette copy of this release with the a factory manufactured CD but am extremely disappointed with the CDR copy i received . i could 've illegally downloaded the tracks and burned my own CDR if that 's what i was after.AGAIN , BEWARE !
 The recordings are from the middle-age Jerry Lee Lewis when partied so much that his voice and caring and memory just did not go into music any more . I listened to many of his orginal recording sessions when we ran around LA together-none of those great quality sessions are on this cd .
 I purchased this music cd to use as a background for my balloon twisting art . I wo n't be doing this . The Calliope sound was clear and great , but the quality of the bass instrument -LRB- Tuba ? -RRB- was fuzzy sounding , not clear . It was annoying to me . Not being a musician , I do n't know how to best describe it , but it was not good . There was a great selection of Carousel Music on this CD.Good Old USA Carousel Music Vol . 1
 Maybe I expect too much from an old Wurlitzer but I do n't remember the snare drums being so distorted in real life as they are on this CD . Almost like there was some kind of a frequency clipper on the microphone -LRB- s -RRB- or maybe they were in the wrong place and were overloaded . Whatever the reason I think this CD needs to be remastered -LRB- or something -RRB- to fix this problem before it can be truly enjoyable . I note also a similar comment about the Volume II CD .
 The computer voice is interesting for a song or two , but is excruciatingly annoying on an entire album . Landing on Water is a much better example of Neil 's 80s synth phase . It 's not ovedone like Trans . Landing on Water 's songs are better , AND you can actually hear Neil 's great voice !
 I can almost hear a German accent in this number -- and I can see why it 's no longer available as a mainline US release . The closest equivalent is Kraftwerk 's `` Man-Machine '' album . I really do n't know whether or not `` Trans '' is a nod to the early techno style or a parody of it -- not even the K-bots themselves overdid the machine aspect that much -LRB- `` Man-Machine '' with its vocoder vocals was the most extreme -RRB- . I only know that versatility can be overdone -- if Young had less stature than he has , `` inconsistency '' might instead be the word . Maybe it 's because of his contract with Geffen at the time -- he commented when he got back with Warner that they had a bias towards techno-pop . Myself , I expect Neil to be Neil .
 4 stars ? 5 stars ? Come on now ! `` Transformer Man '' ONLY works as an acoustic track on `` UNPLUGGED '' . Everything else is pure crap . I 'm amazed the rest of the old Buffalo Springfield did n't sue on the spot when they heard this version of `` Mr. Soul '' . Unlistenable after a very short time . Broke old vinyl album swatting a fly -- wo n't buy the CD .
 Why did neil young wan na sound like Krafwork anyway . Not really for neil young fans .
 Bought it onlyto replace my vinyl . Only listened to the record twice , and did n't like it . put the cd on , and all of a sudden I could appreciate it . Not because it was on a cd , because I read his bio and I understood why he recorded it . It 's quite good , do n't know why I like it now as I hate electrronica , but there you go .
 it sounds like a bunch of germans yodelling over a trash compactor . are these guys nazi 's or something ?????????? where are the choruse 's ? why are their trumpets sumtimes ???? if you want to hear some REAL industrial check out Nine Inch Nails ' Frail Bleeding Black Ghosts Part 30 .
 This album was released before I really got into the band or even knew who they were , so I 'm doing a bit of backtracking on my KMFDM collection by picking up the newly remastered edition here.There 's not much meat on the bones of most of these songs . The first four tracks are the only ones with substantial amount of lead vocals , but even these are weak and unmemorable . The vocals for `` No Meat , No Man '' annoy me , and contain some of the worst lyrics I 've ever heard . The remaining tracks in this group are at least listenable , but the title track is the best by far , featuring female vocals to deliver the hook in the chorus -LRB- already at this early stage the band was setting itself apart from their Industrial contemporaries -RRB- . The remainder of DBYT is nearly devoid of any vocalists . Cut-and-paste style audio clips dress up the still aggressive beats . None of these are so horrible -LRB- I prefer this section of the CD -RRB- , yet collectively they feel a bit monotonous . Mostly between 2 and 4 minutes at least they 're kept reasonable on time length . The bass-heavy `` Tod Durch Bongo-Bongo '' is rife with trippy sounds and echo , the biggest departure from anything else on here . The last two tracks are n't intriguing for me to keep coming back to.For me the band really hit their stride in the early 90 's . DBYT might not have aged well , but shows KMFDM playing with different ideas early on.Final Rating
 When I bought this cd I remember I got impressed by the first two songs ; it 's not that they 're hits but ` No meat-no man ' and ` Do n't Blow Your Top ' are good songs , which made me anticipate a very good album ; but the rest of the songs are mediocre accumulations of instrumental passages and samples , repetitive and usually boring , lacking the fantastic beat changes of Skinny puppy ; in fact these songs sound TO ME as insipid instrumental songs sounding as blurred 242 or puppy songs . Maybe ` Disgust ' is the only which does add anything interesting , the rest are boring and makes a neverending listening out of this cd ; I usually end up skipping the songs and changing it for some Puppy cd .
 KMFDM is my favorite band . By far . I have just about every song they have ever made , either on MP3 or CD . However , I have NEVER liked this album . With wierd meandering songs and repetitive and annoying drums , this is truly the strangest album ever made by KMFDM . When thinking of everything that makes KMFDM good , I think
 I love KMFDM they are one of my favourite bands , but this has only 3 good songs `` No meat-No man '' , Do n't blow your top '' and `` Disgust '' . The rest is all instrumental and BAD at that.AVOID and buy NIHIL and ANGST as they KICK ...
 Her Big Hit Since I Fell For You Is Too Short , This Is The Short Short Version . If You Like Laure Find The Long Version .
 Having read an article about this band recently in Guitar Player magazine in which one of the guitarists was compared to Derek Trucks , and that the band was like an `` Allman Bros '' band for the new millenium , I figured that was all I needed to convince me to buy.My mistake . Now , that 's not to say that these boys are n't good players . They are . Everyone in the band is proficient on their instruments , and the lead singer has a strong voice.But , the songs are pretty weak - both lyrically and melodically , and there 's no one in the band who stands out as a `` world class '' player . to compare their slide player to Derek Trucks was doing Derek a great disservice ! that 's not to say that the guy ca n't play - he can . But there 's no originality in his style , and certainly none of the fire that Trucks is famous for.Same goes for the rest of the band . Everyone 's decent - just no stand outs.This one will go on Ebay .
 54 `` Hits for $ 17.49 sounded like a good bargain , but turned out to be the BIG Lie!Once you open the CD Case and read the liner notes , you find that 59 % of the tracks are Re-recordings , 11 % are `` Live '' recordings , and only 16 of 54 -LRB- 30 % -RRB- of the `` Hits/Tracks are the Original recordings !!! Even many of the `` Original '' recordings have very poor sound quality , such as `` Judy In Disguise . '' Definitely recommend not purchasing this product.Suggest all CD 's state in ad if tracks are Originals or re-recordings !
 An incompetent attempt to compose a makeshift compillation without knowing anything abouth the epoch . 9/10 of the stuff represents commercial pop or more or less decent music but with no relation to the hippy culture . Small Faces are a mod group and Temptations - afro-american soul . Why The Marmelade and Ike & Tina ; Turner ? Why not It 's a Beautiful Day or Greateful Dead ? Not Bob Dylan ? A greate disappointment.They compillators should call it `` Square bourgeois commercial pop cover versions ''
 ... ever since bands like Interpol popped up there have been so many bands that wish to redo the post punk sound that Joy Division generated before passing on -LRB- R.I.P Ian Curtis -RRB- and of course Editor are not only not an exception to this rule ... but they were actually later than the other bands which makes them seem like they 're trying to resuscitate a corpse that has already been paraded around the land and then left in a pool of brine ... I will describe the sound of Editors very simply this way :1 . Blatant imitation of Ian Curtis ' vocals .2 . Guitars are always high up the fret board just alternate picking to four times the original pulse .3 . Bass is surprisingly melodic ... but very low in the mix .4 . Drums ... well ... simple a word ? You can judge the drums ... if you 've heard the songs `` All Sparks '' , `` Blood '' , and `` Munich '' you will notice all of these traits ... and of course it 's what you should expect from this album ... my advice is that if you 're a fan of the post-post-punk sound and you are a completist of all eras then you should get this ... however ; if you 've listened to bands like Interpol and have had enough of this era already ... then give it a miss and allow Joy Division to rest with the dignity that it deserves -LRB- ? -RRB- ...
 This band keeps getting compared to Interpol and sometimes the Killers when really , aside from the fact that they seem to have ripped some of their songs beat by beat , they are nowhere near as successful as those other bands in their delivery ! The song Munich -LRB- one which I 'd associate the most with Interpol -RRB- does have a catchy hook , but the rest of the album fails to capture the same magic . I hope they continue exploring their sound and I wish them well , but as things stand , I can not wholeheartedly recommend it . It 's just not one of those albums that you can play all the way through and without skipping over some songs -LRB- like you can ` Turn on the Bright Lights ' or ` Hot Fuss ' -RRB- . Ultimately , one gets the feeling that they are just trying to cash in on the current trend in music and creating forgettable material in the process .
 The first time I played this CD I actually pulled it out of the player and looked at it . This band is n't `` in the style of '' Interpol , or `` influenced '' by Interpol -- this is an IMPRESSION . This is an IMITATION . In twenty years when you see Interpol tribute bands playing your local saloon , they 'll only wish they sounded as much like Interpol as the Editors.Personally , I would n't listen to this CD twice . First , mediocre Interpol is n't that good -- as their second album shows . Second , a band needs an identity , and not one taken from another group .
 If I wanted to listen to Interpol-I would . So what if they 're British . I 'm Texan . How does this fact make these schmucks better than American bands creating that `` brit-rock '' sound ? That 's right it does n't . Now I 'm not defending bands like The Bravery or The Killers -LRB- I am defending Interpol -RRB- but at least these guys jumped on the band wagen at least two years ago . Where were the `` Editors '' in 2002 ? Still struggling ? Interpol had their debut out way before the `` Editors '' . Just because this Tom Smith putz has an accent people are flocking to him . Fine . Slap an accent on Paul Banks and call it a day . The fact is `` Antics '' , Interpol 's weakest album -LRB- but still freakin ' brilliant -RRB- surpasses anything from `` The Back Room '' .
 I ordered this album to add to my already existing Bellman collection and little did I know that it was recorded in English -LRB- should have been mentioned on the website -RRB- . Also , this is the worst Bellman interpretation I have ever heard . Although Martin Best sings in English , it is hard to understand what he is singing and the style he choose to use was baroque or borderline opera . Too bad Martin did n't do more research , he might have found out that Bellman wrote and sang for the lesser fortunate . Tavern goers , alcoholics , prostitutes etc. a more vulgar , raw and direct style , in complete contrast to Martin 's own style which if you ask me , sounds more like an Germanic English blend . I would have given this a zero star rating if it would have been possible.I am waiting for Caiman -LRB- seller -RRB- to respond . I do not hold them responsible for the fact that the album reeks though I must say that I never would have ordered the album knowing it to be sung in English .
 This is a benchmark for how NOT to record sound tracks.You buy Charlotte 's recordings to hear her truely amazing voice and you have such high hopes that her voice will be recorded in a way that shows some respect for her incredible talent.Then you play her latest DVD and your heart sinks.Charlotte 's previous Voice of An Angel DVD -LRB- not the CD -RRB- is recorded so well that you ca n't turn it off . On the other hand , this DVD 's voice track is recorded so poorly that it just makes you sick . I 'll put mine in the stack of stuff to trade.Her singing sounds as if she 's in an other room . Her speaking voice during the narrations however , sounds crystal clear so you know that the recording technicians are robbing you of the chance to hear this truely great singing talent . These `` alleged '' technicians should find something else to do becides making DVDs.So Sad .
 This poor girl has a really good voice , put it is being pushed to much !
 I have always wanted to visit the Holy Lands . However , if I do , this Video is a reminder not to take Miss Church along . She provides no more than sterile renditions of religious favorites , while going from place to place with her as the focal point of attention . I would have been much more pleased with her providing a narration of a video of these lands ; while being out of sight and refraining from singing . Her voice simply does n't provide the warmth and emotion necessary to move an individual through such an experience . This video may suffice for an elementary school crowd , but does n't do it for me .
 Charlotte is not as hot as the public thinks that she is . Her voice is being pushed to much . Look at her jaw ... IT QUIVERS !!!! That is the sign of a pushed voice ! If a voice is pushed enough , it can bo lost . Charlotte , get a new voice teacher , before it 's to late !!!!
 I have been following Miss. . Church 's carreer in awe ever since it began with her talent show appearence when she was twelve . She was a pretty good singer then -- not the best -- but -- pretty good ! Now , with every new CD and DVD Miss. . Church 's wobble , voice control and breath support have really gone downhill . I noticed the wobble on the `` Voice of an Angel '' DVD but let it slide -- knowing she had just turned thirteen , so I said to myself `` Okay , so she 's got a wobble but I am sure she will fix it '' and gosh , was I wrong ! On each new DVD she brings out her technique and tone all get a little worse . However , if you are not disturbed by a voice being pushed and do not care about technique and are a fan of Charlotte Church then you should buy this . If you ca n't stand hearing a young , pushed voice then I would not say that you get this DVD and thats just the bitter truth .
 The pieces presented did not do a lot for me . I 'm not sure if it was the performance , sound , or if the compositions were that dull . It did n't feel like the performers put their souls into this one . I probably need to listen to other performances by other people , but the music proved so uninteresting I 'm not sure if I want to . Sorry !
 Get the following Le Orme albums -LRB- in this order -RRB-
 The reviewer below must be referring to a different recording , because this radio broadcast from La Scala under Fernando Previtali would n't be acceptable on a car radio , much less at home . The young Martina Arroyo and Placido Domingo sound glorious , from what can be made out through the dimness and murk . Further comments are pointless given that the whole thing is unlistenable . both artist have made excellent stuido recordings of La Forza , which should be sought out instead of this relic .
 Although I bought this album in about 2003 , it didnt stand up my liking and to where music has evolved to . Yes , it has the classic hit , headhunter on it ; if you like the song , download it because buying the album wasnt worth one song . I tried and tried to enjoy the cd through and through but it was lacking and I am let down . For BPM music , its real good but is nothing more than late 80 's synth music . It may have been revolutionay , it may have been ground breaking , it may have been influential -- but it is a `` has been '' and will stay that way in my eyes . Save your money , buying this is like buying a Lords of Acid cd ; its just dated aerobic music .
 This CD lacks any real sense of Christmas Spirit . A bare thread of traditional Christmas tunes is woven through just a few songs , most you ca n't recognize at all . I am not as good of a judge of Techno , but I found this a dirge . The labeling of this as `` Dancefloor Holiday Favorites '' is totally misguided . It would be more fun to dance to Phillip Glass .
 This is just another way the music labels screw you . I 'm beyond disappointed with this collection . This is akin to buying the `` best of '' and having to buy another disk to get that one song you want that is deliberatley left off all other collections . And they wonder why cd sales are down . Who wants to listen to other obscure mixes and live performances . Of course , shame on me for not reading the other reviews . What can I say , I ordered it at 11 o'clock at night and just did n't think .
 I bought this CD hoping to receive original versions of several 80 's songs that I like . I was disappointed when I started listening to the songs and discovered that nearly all of them were live versions of the songs that were recorded at concerts many years later . The tracks that are n't live are also not original versions of the songs . Most of the tracks are so different from the originals that they are nearly unrecognizable - mostly from the super-annoying crowd noise polluting the music . I did get a laugh from this CD though . The artist for Poison 's `` Every Rose Has Its Thorn '' is listed as `` Bret Michaels & Friends '' ! Apparently they could n't use the name `` Poison '' since they could n't get all the original band members together to do their low-budget re-recording . Do yourself a favor - spend your money on a different CD .
 Wish I 'd known that these tracks were all live recordings , rather than the radio versions which I remember as `` hits . '' So if you 're looking for the original radio versions , then suggest you look elsewhere .
 I am a huge Sammy fan and loved him with VH . But this album disappointed me . However , it has a few fleeting moments with songs like the The Love and Red Vodoo . But Mas Teliqua is a rip off from Gary Glitter 's Rock n'Roll part 2 -LRB- come Sammy be orginial -RRB- It sounds like his last album and the lyrics are very cliche and similar to Marching to Mars . Sammy your much better than this . Your work with VH was outstanding . I 'm sick of VH , DLR , and Sammy going through the motions . Either give it up , or put something out to remember you guys by .
 THIS IS A HORRIBLE CD . I HAVE OVER 350 ROCK CDS IN MY COLLECTION AND THIS ONE IS EASILY ONE OF THE WORST . I WISH I COULD FIND SOMETHING POSTIVE TO SAY ABOUT IT . `` MAS TEQUILA '' IS THE ONLY SONG THAT IS EVEN DECENT , AND THAT IS A RIP OFF OF A CLASSIC . I HAVE ALWAYS THOUGHT SAMMY WAS A GOOD PERFORMER . FROM HIS DAYS WITH MONTROSE TO VAN HALEN , HE HAS ALWAYS BEEN A QUALITY VOCALIST . HOWEVER , THE 90s HAVE NOT BEEN KIND TO SAMMY . I 'M THANKFUL HE IS NO LONGER IN VAN HALEN . IT 'S A GOOD THING SAMMY LIKES PLAYING IN BARS BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER FILL LARGE ARENAS AGAIN .
 Does anyone want to hear someone older than their dad sing about `` shagging '' someone ? Nope , me neither .
 I am amazed that the red rocker would stoop to such a low level in fact I am ashamed . Sammy you are much more of a blessed and capable artist than this . God -LRB- the one and only true God that is above all other man made god 's ie . buddh , krishna new age etc. -RRB- has bleesed you beyond many with a talent . Maybe if you get your life straight with the one and only true God who is out there above all the man made god 's your music will improve with a message and music that actually is pleasing not only to yourself but to others and to the real big G God who is out there . I know you are searching . He is there and he wants a relationship with you . See your friend Lou Gramm to talk more about the subject . As for Voodoo I know God is not pleased and this fan who goes all the way back to the Montrose days is ashamed .
 This CD along with Marching to Mars is the most pathetic attempt at Red Rock Sammy has ever put out ! He says that he is now playing music that `` he wants to play '' . Well I guess that is shallow , self-indulgent product promoting BS ! Mas tequila sounds as fresh as Billy Squier 's The Stroke ! How long did it take him to come up with that one ?? 2 Minutes ?? Van Halen sucks now and so does Sammy !! He needs to put down the Ding Dongs and get himself on a treadmill ! And while he 's at it he needs to dump his Rudolph The Red Nose Reindeer land of misfit toy bandmates and get some REAL musicians ! Where the hell is BILL CHURCH ?? He was a HUGE part of Sammy 's solo success and now he 's no where to be found !! Sammy is trying to be way too PC with his multi-cultural subpar bandmates . The music clearly sucks and I 'm sad to say so does he .
 I purchased this CD with the hope that it sounded like `` I ca n't drive 55 '' which I liked the first time I heard it . What I got was warmed over less than hard rock with songs that all sound generic , not Van Halen or Hagar . What a disappointment !
 Although I bought this album in about 2003 , it didnt stand up my liking and to where music has evolved to . Yes , it has the classic hit , headhunter on it ; if you like the song , download it because buying the album wasnt worth one song . I tried and tried to enjoy the cd through and through but it was lacking and I am let down . For BPM music , its real good but is nothing more than late 80 's synth music . It may have been revolutionay , it may have been ground breaking , it may have been influential -- but it is a `` has been '' and will stay that way in my eyes . Save your money , buying this is like buying a Lords of Acid cd ; its just dated aerobic music .
 If you like italian prog and you love `` Forse le lucciole non si amano pi&ugrave; '' do not buy this record ... it a commercial , pop one . . yes well sung and played but not shocking as the album we all know . In this record there are n't Conta -LRB- piano -RRB- and Basso -LRB- voice -RRB- . . the best musicians in Forse le lucciole ... Best regards
 I purchased this CD based on -LRB- 1 -RRB- It 's price -LRB- 2 -RRB- the other review Iread . With all due respect for the other reviewer , I would be embarrassed to put this on for a party , dinner , etc. . I really wanted to like this CD , but I just would not recommend it . It sounds like the corner neighborhood band , or a band at a local lodge event . Save your money ... I 'd buy one of the many ` Ultra Lounge ' CD 's ... I think you will be much happier !
 Undoubtedly Furtwangler is one of the greatest conductors of the first half of the 20th century and probably the most prominent exponent of the romantic and emotional style of music interpretation . I should preface my review review by saying that I intensely dislike this style , and this collection of Beethoven symphonies perfectly illustrates the reasons why . Most of all the paces are very inconsistent , and there is virtually no sound transparency . If you like the recent Abbado interpretation of the Beethoven symphonies or Karajan 's great 1963 recording , do n't get this one . This is also not a set that was recorded as a cycle with one single orchestra , it is a collection of Furtwangler 's recordings with the Vienna Philharnonic and the Stockholm philharmonic over a period of time . The overall pace , if you can name one , is slow and heavy , even in the early symphonies that definitely to me have a lightness that is very reminiscent of Mozart , this is squahed by a heavyhanded and overbearing style that completely covers all the fine nuances that are in these great pieces.The sound quality of the set does not help . Clearly these are historic recordings , but there is definitely better-restored stuff out there .
 This package smacks of crass commercialism . I ca n't fault Ms. Springfield , as she never knew these tracks would be assembled , much less in this fashion . The studio material , consisting of film themes and collaborations , is assmebled from a number of small labels . The remaining tracks are lifted from t.v. specials of the late 60s and early 70s , and the consumer should be warned they are presented in mono . This is definitely an item for Dusty completists only , as no attempt at coherence is made in the presentation , and any non-fan would be ejecting the disc by the fourth track .
 I bought this CD as a memory of my youth and the great one hit wonders.However , I was very disappointed to find out this is not the origional artists , but , rather , another studio group -LRB- Hit Factory -RRB- trying to sound like the bands.I deeply regret this purchase.Ask seller first if this is with origional artists or a cover band.Do not buy this CD !!!
 I bought this CD based in the performers and conductor , but the sound is so poor that just out of discipline I finished to listen it.There is not a single good passage .
 Owning fourteen Tristans , I feel this is the BEST PERFORMANCE but WORST TRANSFER of the opera . PLEASE purchaseTristan und Isoldecurrently for $ 15.00 -LRB- less than this release -RRB- orWagner
 This live performace is without doubt one of the most intense and moving of all Tristan recordings ever made . But in this particular issue the sound is unbearable with distortions in all climaxes and at all higher notes . Try to find another issue .
 I am looking for the other version of the song when jackie and jennifer are dancing the original version is sang by tears for fears called `` I know this much is true '' but the rap version is much better .
 hey , ive found the song playing when Jennifer gives Deatrix the tuxedo -LRB- before that the guard says to Delilah `` It 's rude to leave without saying bye to the boss '' -RRB- . The guys were right , it 's exploration of space , but not by Cosmic Gate . IT 'S A REMIX BY DJ MYSTIC . TRY KAZAA !!!!!!!!! give me a feedback
 I am looking for the name of the first song they play at the party the guy is having because it is not the exprolation of space that is played after it , it is the song that keeps saying `` IN THE MUSIC '' and it has more of a funky for lack of a better word beat to it . What is th name of that song ?
 kerri the song that you want is `` Exploration of Space '' by Cosmic Gate
 What 's the techno song that plays when Jennifer and Jackie Chan are dancing after they come out of the underground pool lab and is still playing when Jennifer gives Deatrix the tuxedo ?
 you can hear the mix of the track played in the movie on DJ Caffeine 's fifth cd -LRB- Caffeine # 5 -RRB- look on k-lite , 40:35 into the mix
 What about the sexy song that played in the hotel bedroom scene , where Mia Cottet was seducing Jackie Chan ... What is the title of that song ????????
 I know exactly what you are talking about ... the song that is playing in the background when they arrive at the party , the 1st song at the party.The song calls
 To poromenos
 I have no problem with the generous song selection or packaging , right down to the reproduction of the classic Atlantic 45 RPM label on the CD itself . The problem - which is shocking for a Rhino compilation of Atlantic material from the 1970 's - is the mastering , which is so clearly done from vinyl I ca n't believe this passed whatever passes for Quality Control nowadays.From the very first track , the classic `` Thin Line Between Love & Hate '' , you hear the surface noise , and think `` Why ?? `` This track appeared on Atlantic 's 8-CD R&B ; box set back in 1988 , where it was properly transferred from a good quality tape ; I do n't think there 's ANY excuse for a label like Rhino , which has had a licensing deal with Atlantic and access to their tape vaults for YEARS , to put out such a shoddy excuse for what is likely to be the only single-disc testament to the Persuaders ' musical legacy.The old caveat of `` You get what you pay for '' certainly applies here , so do n't be fooled by the bargain-bin price
 Very disappointed , I 'm sorry for Rhino UK , but all the track are taken from vynil records , and this is no good!In other hand all of the songs are simply eternal classics , from 70s soul at his top , with all these vocal groups.If someone else is seeking for Persuaders ' material , better search any out of this item .
 I fully support Rick H. Haag 's review except one sentence . He writes that , apart from Thin Line ... , the other tracks seem to be fine . Sorry , I do n't agree . Put on your headphones and you will hear vinyl on almost all tracks . The only track that has obviously been transferred from mastertape is Some guys have all the luck . Sorry Warner / Rhino ... not recommended .
 Some people 's reviews are really concerning and I doubt whether they are true critiques or just play something in the background and have no clue what makes an album quality or not . I bought Hazen because it was on sale and the band LOOKS hardcore . Unfortunately I was mistaken.The sound is uninspiring and VERY amateurish . Too many call and response hooks , the song writing is so simplistic it borders on annoying in many songs . I guess my main disappointment is that there are many quality bands out with alot of talent and potential who are not getting a shot while sub-par talent with industry connections move up the ladder.Hazen St. would make an excellent rock band to play at your local bar but to pay your money for their album ? I would recommend looking elsewhere .
 If you are looking for an alternative rock CD like Good Charlotte , this is not the disc for you . `` Fool the World '' and a few other tracks are good , but the rest are horrible hip-hop songs . They sound like a cross between Eminem without the swear words , Will Smith , and an extremely tiny bit of Linkin Park . This disc is also very short , only 38 minutes long . I would much rather reccommend Good Charlotte for an alternative rock CD , or Linkin Park for a hip-hop/heavy metal/rap CD . Do n't be fooled by Good Charlotte 's endorsement for this CD . The only reason they are endorsing it is because Benji and Joel are singing background vocals on 2 of the tracks . The CD was really a disappointment . Please do n't be fooled .
 i just have just 8 words and a letter for this album ... one that can not be displayed here ... HOW THE & * $ ^ DID THEY GET A RECORD CONTRACT !
 This CD collection is one of the most bogus seen . Gothic music ? Industrial music ? Maybe ; but this one seems contrived . Fanatic fans will find it okay , but this one left me cold . Maybe TKK should work longer on their stuff , and perhaps listen more to the master
 For some reason , Amazon has mistakenly listed this as an ELO album . It is NOT . This is an album by `` ELO , Part II '' the band of ex-members and non-members , playing the songs of the original group . Jeff Lynne , the composer , arranger , singer and guitarist of all the music of ELO , does not appear . Buyer beware !!
 I love edgy , alternative music , and was expecting much more from this group than what I got . ` Daisy Chain 4 Satan ' and ` Waiting for Mommie ' are actually pretty good , with some awesome sampling added that makes them really snappy . However , the rest of the album is a mish-mash of uneven quality , without any real draw . For some reason they decided to repeat 4 of the tracks on this CD , but it 's a mystery as to why they did it . Supposedly they 're different versions , but the differences are so subtle as to be almost imperceptible , and do n't enhance the songs that were remixed . Look for it in a bargain bin near you . : -LRB-
 Some of my favorite music is from Ms. Krall . This is n't it . These are , for the most part , simply cuts from her other albums , worked in about the same way . Adequate concert material , perhaps , but disappointing in a CD.If Krall fans were honest , they would have to admit that she is a jazz pianist first , with often great arrangements , but sadly lacking a voice . Her `` speak-sing '' is like Tony Bennent has become in his old age , or Sinatra at the end of his career.Still , at least instrumentally , she has a good feel for jazz which makes her worth a listen . Best on slow , melancholic ballads such as the haunting `` A Case of You '' . Not enough of these on this album however . Again I came away wishing her albums were instrumental only .
 She ca n't sing but she 's a good jazz pianist . I like her earlier release `` All For You
 With the right band , arrangements , and producer , Krall could have been an excellent jazz singer , and on her earlier discs , she made strides in that direction . Apparently , however , Tommy Lipuma , her producer , has convinced her that success is more important than musical worth , and this disc is an illustration of what happens when a musician strives to be a pop star . Stock covers of `` Just the way you are '' and `` The Look of Love '' just do n't fit with the other songs on the record , and were likely put there just for airplay or to pander to a boomer audience without any jazz knowledge . In addition , her band has little jazz feel or swing on this record . Example
 I bought this CD after seeing Krall perform on BET . She is a talented performer , but this CD is uneven . Specifically , the selection of songs felt uninspired -- even trite , and I when I heard her sing `` Just the Way You Are , '' I knew this CD did not do justice to the performance I so enjoyed on TV .
 Do n't get me wrong , I am passionate and quite nationalistic about my Canadian heritage , but this woman is as nearly lifeless as you can get . I need someone to sit me down and walk me through this like I 'm a 2 year old , cause I just do n't hear what all the fuss is about.Laconic to the point of being audio Sominex , I do n't know how the band stayed awake for the whole concert . There 's no point in referencing the audience reaction . The French will clap for anything . I 've watched the DVD on really expensive Bang and Olufsen plasma gear and I still do n't find my pulse doing anything other than slowing down . This is the soundtrack for plays by Samuel Beckett , and makes one just want to snap one 's fingers and tap one 's toes to John Cage 's `` Three Minutes of Silence . `` Much hoopla was made about her rendition of `` Look of Love '' and `` A Case of You '' , PUUHHHLLEASSE ! Dusty Springfield she aint , and Joni Mitchell should sue . No sensuality and no tragedy stains her delivery.If necessary , close the border . That 's enough of lifelessness posing as music . Diana Krall makes Cowboy Junkies sound like a hyper-kinetic punk band . At one point I thought the worst record I ever heard was Philip Glass and Ravi Shankar -LRB- who thought that up ? -RRB- , but I got a new nightmare
 She plays jazz standards with good voice and solid technique . That 's it . I 'm a little sad that many other creative jazz musicians do n't have as much popularity as she does .
 It 's too bad Diana betrayed the music she was promising so many times to be devoted too -LRB- OK , she bent it -RRB- . Miles Davis wanted to be as famous as Michael Jackson , I wonder what a role model is for Diana . After 3 consecutive albums with same catchy material maybe it 's time to go back to jazz ... We 'll be patient , since you 're are a musical genius and a Canadian too .
 Does this woman have any vocal range or vibrato at ALL ? Or does she sing every single song in the same key , tempo and way ? If she is the standard that other Jazz `` divas '' -LRB- Pardon the cliche . -RRB- are expected to live up to nowdays , then Jazz is seriously slipping . Jaimee Paul can outsing Krall ANY day of the week and with 20x more flava ! She -LRB- Krall -RRB- may be an adroit pianist , but her voice leaves a LOT to be desired . Vocally , she chops the ends of every word/note short and in a live setting , I ca n't imagine her showing any more -LRB- or less -RRB- personality than she shows in her music already.With Shirley Horn , one feels warm all over . However , with Krall , there is no warmth ; just cold , gray , lifeless and dull EVERYTHING . Granted , her voice is sexy with its raspiness , but by NO MEANS is it enough to tow the line for years to come . She could use a Red Bull and some vocal coaching in MY opinion.A personality would n't hurt either .
 Listen to Diana . Take out of CD player . Put in Ella ... light a cigar and sip some brandy . Do not put back this back into CD player unless you need to sleep . Good Band ... Poor styling .
 I ran across Diana Krall 's name on Amazon while purchasing some blues CD 's . Based on the almost universal wild acclaim in the reviews I decided to purchase her CD - the quality of the songs that were on the CD also convinced me that it would be very difficult for anyone to screw them up . I apologize to Diana Krall fans but I only made it through the CD 1 and a half times before I punched the eject button and tossed it in the trash - $ ... down the tubes . If you enjoy monotone , mumbled droning of classic music - please be my guest and buy this CD . Bob Dylan sings with more inflection in his voice than Ms. Krall .
 shush shuh shuh shuh sound that new cordoroy pants make ? Well that 's what Krall sounds like wiht her sibilant `` s '' . Is she singing through false teeth ?
 Diane Krall can not SING !!! I was at a party and they were playing this CD it is relatively new and it was played like it was the only cd they had . The musicality and artistry that is portrayed through her piano is extraordinary ... then unfortunately , she opens her mouth , which sounds watereddown , gargled like a saxophone with duct tape over the bell opening . `` Just the way you are '' is a studio version done on the cd with Michael Brecker and Christian McBride , incredible musically , but then luckily we all know the words because the lyrics by Krall do n't break thru the gargling ...
 This CD will put you to sleep . Even her REMIXES are boring . I hate this CD !!!! She is not a DIVA . To be a DIVA you must have style , talent and some history . She must read the life of Carmen Miranda -LRB- Brazil -RRB- , Marlena Dietrich -LRB- Germany -RRB- , Edith Piaf -LRB- France -RRB- , Betty Davis -LRB- USA -RRB- ... and she will know what to be a DIVA is about . CRAP !!!!!!
 the sound quality ranges from good to very good but the tunes say it all . kind of like boc meets the floyd but totally original and brain numbing ENTER AT YOUR OWN RISK YOULL NEVER BE THE SAME AGAIN !!!
 I do not recommend this as either a good historical transfer , true to the original , nor as a particularly memorable series of performances . I was so disappointed after two or three plays that I traded the album at a used disk dealer . The original 78s made a good impression if one was lucky to get a playable copy ; but the characteristic dry Ansermet style is better heard in his OSR recordings . The LPO plays as if it has very little direction or shaping to the readings ; and in places the masters sound as if they were intrinsically distorted compared to better 78 material of the immediate postwar period . As an enthusiast and fan of Ansermet I was surprised at the mediocrity all round
 I really expected to listen to this DVD . However , it was deep disappointment . Furtwanlger 's conduct is excellent and dynamics of the music is amazingly vivid . However , the recording situation of No. 2 is terrible !!! I do not understand why did the company sell such a terrible recording sound to the public market !! It must be recalled and reimbursed to all costomers who bought this DVD . But Beethoven 's No. 4 is excellent in terms of both recording sound and playing .
 If you are a Brook Benton fan you probably already have the double-lp-cd `` Brook Benton Today & Home Style '' released in 2004 . Two of Brooks Atlantic/Atco/Cotillion LP 's on one CD . Long overdue , but worth the wait . Since then we have been anticipating the next logical double-lp-cd release from Atlantic/WEA , the compilation of `` Brook Benton Story Teller & Do Your Own Thing '' . Nope ! What we get is this watered down version of just three of Brook 's five Cotillion LP 's . No cuts from 1969 's `` Do Your Own Thing '' , which was his first LP for the Atlantic subsidiary.Not only is the title track missing but also cuts `` She Knows What To Do For Me '' , `` Nothing Can Take The Place Of You ' , I Just Do n't Know What To With Myself '' or any of eight other tracks that could have been selected . Also , there are no cuts from Brook 's last Cotlillion release , 1972 's , `` The Gospel Truth '' . Come on Atlantic , do the right thing . We deserve a genuine Brook Benton Cotillion collection . If you ca n't , or more likely wo n't , issue all five LP 's on a two CD package at least give us the two remaining secular LP 's on a two-fer CD as you did with the `` Today/Home Style '' release . As far as the value of this so-called `` platinum collection '' ? If you have no other way to get any of Brook 's Cotillion material this will have to do . And , you will get 7 of the 10 cuts from the `` Story Teller '' LP . In the long run it 's a poor , poor package for an artist who deserve 's a lot better treatment from such a huge music and entertainment cartel . Shame on you Atlantic/WEA , or whatever your latest conglomerate name is .
 Its just interviews and someone talking about their lives . NO MUSIC !
 This has interview sound bits and then some british person telling about their story . NO MUSIC !
 I love edgy , alternative music , and was expecting much more from this group than what I got . ` Daisy Chain 4 Satan ' and ` Waiting for Mommie ' are actually pretty good , with some awesome sampling added that makes them really snappy . However , the rest of the album is a mish-mash of uneven quality , without any real draw . For some reason they decided to repeat 4 of the tracks on this CD , but it 's a mystery as to why they did it . Supposedly they 're different versions , but the differences are so subtle as to be almost imperceptible , and do n't enhance the songs that were remixed . Look for it in a bargain bin near you . : -LRB-
 What a shame we did n't have the recording technology of today when the tracks of this album were originally layed down . Fats Domino would have been pretty amazing to listen to live but this album whilst giving some insight into his skills loses me purely from the lack of quality in the recordings .
 Trying something different is ok , but what happens if the old stuff is better , simply that ? `` Melissa '' & `` DO n't Break the Oath '' is Mercyful Fate . Now , without Michael Denner , Timi Grabber and Kim Ruzz , it Bris a band which lives sorely upon Hank Shermann 's virtuosity in the guitar . And returning to satanic lyrics is something so stupid to do that 's hard to understand why the band -LRB- or King Diamond -RRB- choosed to do so !!
 What a disappointment ! This album should display a sticker to warn the public that Hank Sherman is the only original musician who played with the original Mercyful Fate !
 Here 's why
 ... to see my all time favorite band in such a pathetic state , i do n't mean any dissrespect to m.f. , but it seems that ever since they reformed back in 1993 , thet have become progressivly less and less creative . this is n't the same band that released `` melissa '' and `` do n't break the oath '' many moons ago , it ca n't be , non of there 90 's efforts , -LRB- and this one represents 90 's fate at its worst -RRB- , really got to me , i dunno why , because fate is my all time favorite band , there first two albums are what made me a fate worshipper . they just do n't have the creative spark like they did in the 80 's , and king diamond doe n't even sing like himself anymore ! he sings normally now , he never wails or screams like he did all the time . if any one is gon na get into mercyful fate/king diamond , i suggest you skip all of there 90 's albums like this one -LRB- 9 -RRB- , dead again , into the unknown , time , ect and just get these , `` the begging '' `` melissa '' `` do n't break the oath '' by mercyful fate and `` fatal portriat '' `` abigail '' and maybe `` the eye '' by king diamond , thats all you need right there for a ultimate fate/diamond collection , and just pretend that mercyful fate never got back together and started making medicore albums like this one .
 ... to see my all time favorite band in such a pathetic state , i do n't mean any dissrespect to m.f. , but it seems that ever since they reformed back in 1993 , thet have become progressivly less and less creative . this is n't the same band that released `` melissa '' and `` do n't break the oath '' many moons ago , it ca n't be , non of there 90 's efforts , -LRB- and this one represents 90 's fate at its worst -RRB- , really got to me , i dunno why , because fate is my all time favorite band , there first two albums are what made me a fate worshipper . they just do n't have the creative spark like they did in the 80 's , and king diamond doe n't even sing like himself anymore ! he sings normally now , he never wails or screams like he did all the time . if any one is gon na get into mercyful fate/king diamond , i suggest you skip all of there 90 's albums like this one -LRB- 9 -RRB- , dead again , into the unknown , time , ect and just get these , `` the begging '' `` melissa '' `` do n't break the oath '' by mercyful fate and `` fatal portriat '' `` abigail '' and maybe `` the eye '' by king diamond , thats all you need right there for a ultimate fate/diamond collection , and just pretend that mercyful fate never got back together and started making medicore albums like this one .
 Mercyful Fate put out two great albums -LRB- Melissa & Oath -RRB- and King Diamond put out two -LRB- Fatal Portrail & Abigail -RRB- . These should be in the collection of anybody who likes heavy music . It is because of these albums that I was stupid enough to buy `` 9 . '' This was a BIG MISTAKE . The band playing on `` 9 '' is nothing more than a parody of Mercyful Fate . Where are the great double-guitar solos ? Where are the thought-provoking lyrics ? Where is the excellent layering ? Not here ! As far as I am concerned , the band performing on `` 9 '' bears no more resemblance to `` the original '' than Iron Maiden did without Dickenson . I was really disappointed in `` Dead Again . '' But , `` 9 '' is even worse . If you want to check out Mercyful Fate , buy `` Do n't Break The Oath . '' Skip `` 9 . ''
 `` 9 '' is a prime example of why metal in the 1990s has gotten a bad reputation ! If this album had come out in the days when acts like Queensryche and Maiden were making their records nobody would be pay attention to Mercyful Fate , except as a source of comic relief ! -LRB- If you do n't know what I am talking about , picture a short , wimpy guy running around onstage dressed up like the Hamburgler from MacDonnalds and expecting the fans to be `` scared . '' The only thing `` scary '' is the off-key falsetto vocals ! -RRB- The production , layering and quality musicians on the older CDs hid the off-key vocals and made the overall sound more tollerable . However , this is not the case with ' 9 . ' If it was n't for a lack of good newmetal , nobody would even bother with this band ! If you want good power-metal , go to the masters
 When I thought Mercyful Fate had stopped writing stupid lyrics about Satan , changing into more acceptable `` horror movie '' lyrcs , they go bakc to Satanism . I have no prejudice about that , but it is just ridiculous nowadays . Come on , King Diamond , and Hank Shermann
 Trying something different is ok , but what happens if the old stuff is better , simply that ? `` Melissa '' & `` DO n't Break the Oath '' is Mercyful Fate . Now , without Michael Denner , Timi Grabber and Kim Ruzz , it Bris a band which lives sorely upon Hank Shermann 's virtuosity in the guitar . And returning to satanic lyrics is something so stupid to do that 's hard to understand why the band -LRB- or King Diamond -RRB- choosed to do so !!
 I will begin by saying King Diamond has always been one of my all time favorites . I 'll even go as far as to say when I heard the record that immediately preceeded this one -LRB- `` Dead Again '' 1998 -RRB- , I thought King Diamond had put together the arguably best lineup he ever would . So you know where I stand , I think his solo projects ` Abigail , ' ` Them , ' and ` Conspiracy ' were his best . The strong runnerups were ` Spider 's Lullabye ' and ` The Graveyard . ' Where MF is concerned , I think the 2 neck and neck best were ` In the Shadows ' and ` Dead Again . ' But unfortunately , I found ' 9 ' to be kind of a disappointment . Now because I did n't like it does not mean that others may not like it . But I do wonder how several people could say this outdid `` Dead Again . '' In my opinion , Mr. Diamond did not show nearly the range he did on `` Dead Again , '' `` In the Shadows , '' or even `` Into the Unknown . '' But it goes deeper than that . Compare the lyrics on ' 9 ' to `` Dead Again , '' `` In the Shadows , '' `` Into the Unknown , '' or even `` Time . '' The lyrics on ' 9 ' are a lot more repetitive and a lot less interesting . As far as the music goes , that was a let down as well . In my opinion , one thing that differentiated King Diamond and MF from other metal groups was that generally speaking , I found King Diamond 's musicians to be more than just metal . Generally , King 's guitarists knew that for the music to be effective , you ca n't play full blast at every moment . -LRB- There has to be some classical or at least some slower movements somewhere in between for the full blast moments to have full impact . -RRB- Now do n't get me wrong . I really like the full blast sound , but there have to be intervals of classical or slower tempos now and then . -LRB- Think about Andy La Roque 's acoustical sounds on ` Them , ' ` Abigail , ' and ` Conspiracy . ' Or think about the harpsichord touches on ` In the Shadows . ' Think about how the really intense song ` Dead Again ' is preceeded by some soft guitar work . -RRB- The only good thing I can say about ' 9 ' is that it has 2 or 3 decent moments . But in ' 9 , ' King Diamond seemed to let go of those very merits that differentiated him from other metal groups . Now again , because I did n't like it does n't mean that you may not like it . But if after reading this you are inclined to agree with me , do yourself a favor and get the excellent `` In the Shadows '' and `` Dead Again . ''
 Wow ! Another Mercyful Fate album ! Cool ! I put it on ! Hmm ! Pretty good songs . Lyrics and vocals ... the same as ever . One problem . Something 's missing and I ca n't put my finger on it ! Maybe it 's the lack of Michael Denner ? Maybe not ! I 'd like to say I think this is great , but I ca n't . On the other hand it does n't TOTALLY bite . Sorry , but this one can not be comparred to `` Do n't Break The Oath '' or `` Abigail . '' -LRB- If you are out to buy your first Mercyful Fate or Diamond album , I 'd start with one of those and skip this one . -RRB-
 A very disappointing album in my opinion . This band has little in common with the original band . That 's my first complaint . My second complaint is that the lyrics and songs are really lame . It does n't totally blow chunks -- there are worse albums . But , is far as MF is concerned , I ca n't think of one that is worse !! -LRB- Maybe `` Dead Again ?! '' -RRB-
 This record is by far Neil Young and crazy Horses ' worst . No need to own this at all , not even for completeists . `` inca Queen '' is the only half-decent song here , and it 's overproduced . Avoid this CD !
 Yes it is . Do n't believe anyone who tries to tell you this is `` underrated '' or a `` return to form '' . This is pretty bad . Its bogged down with typically horrible 80 's production values including god-awful sound effects that ruin some tracks . A few of these songs manage to rise above the muck to become somewhat memorable , and could potentially have been quite good if recorded with the right production and feel . However , as it stands there are certainly no Young classics here -- Crazy Horse or no Crazy Horse . You really do n't need to lose any sleep if this is not part of your collection .
 It 's amazing what makes it on CD , you know that ? I mean , come on , this ? Uh-uh . No way . It 's like Young was trying to reinvent himself as an '80s superstar , complete with obnoxiously jingoistic lyrics and Big '80s production values -LRB- `` Around the World '' ; `` Mideast Vacation '' ; `` Daddy Went Walkin ' '' -RRB- - the lyrics are often trite -LRB- `` Prisoners of Rock ` n ' Roll '' ; `` Too Lonely '' -RRB- , and if that were n't bad enough , `` Cryin ' Eyes '' has an intro virtually lifted from `` Prisoners '' . The tracks that are n't overproduced '80s rock are mawkish ballads -LRB- `` We Never Danced '' ; `` When Your Lonely Heart Breaks '' -RRB- . The only song that I like is the one that I hear the most criticism for
 More like lifeless ... except for `` When Your Lonely Heart Breaks '' and `` We Never Danced . '' The rest really falls flat
 Hot on the heels of the wretched `` Landing On Water '' , this record is nearly as bad . There is n't anything good to say about it . It stinks like old fish . Every song is instantly forgetable , mired in studio overkill and power-ballad mush . Crazy Horse limps along , obviously not having any fun . Only one of these songs was worth rescuing -- `` When Your Lonely Heart Breaks '' . On this record though , it sounds as uninspired and miserable as the rest . Thankfully , Young worked his way out of this slump with `` Freedom '' two years later .
 Man , I friggen love Neil and The Horse . Their brand of rock and roll blows my mind and then boils it away ... I would tell you a hundred rock and roll stories that I know from over the years about Neil Young and Crazy Horse , just being god damned amazing . Heres one ... in 1981 they put out re * ac * tor . An album that was n't great by any means , made only to fufill a contract with their label at the time ... but at least showcased the outfit in the way you want . ROCKIN like nobodys business . Emotional and heavy , with jams that kill . Go buy that one ... this 1987 album LIFE , is crap . THE ONLY Crazy Horse album I would not recommend . Oh wait . . wait . . 2003 's Greendale kind of sucks too . Stay away from that one as well . Other than that , there is n't a bad Neil Young album with Crazy Horse . In fact , all of them are pretty friggen stellar . I do n't know what happened here . Theres songs like INCA QUEEN -LRB- errrrr-I quiver -RRB- . . some songs could have been ok , like PRISONERS OF ROCK AND ROLL but the eighties sound just makes its presence way too obvious , and whats going on with the song AROUND THE WORLD ? It sounds like Neil is showing us his best Bruce Springsteen Born In The USA impression . . and it ai n't that great.Bottom Line ... STAY AWAY ... newbies , heres a list of incredible Neil Young Crazy Horse albums ... RUST NEVER SLEEPS , EVERYBODY KNOWS THIS IS NOWHERE , RAGGED GLORY , ZUMA , TONIGHTS THE NIGHT -LRB- not billed as a Crazy Horse album but it is . . -RRB- WELD , BROKEN ARROW , SLEEPS WITH ANGELS -LRB- also not as rockin as Crazy Horse could be but a hell of a lot better than this one -RRB- and LIVE RUST . again re * ac * tor also rocks , it 's just a little goofy like in spots . That 's a lot to choose from , plus the endless catalouge of Neils other stuff . If you have all of this you are good.This album made me cry ... and not in a good way . yikes .
 1987 's Life is the worst album in the vast Neil Young catalog . Despite being reunited with Crazy Horse for the first time since 1979 's brilliant Rust Never Sleeps , Life is a real bust . The sound is bogged down by weird effects and overall , most of the sounds are simply bad . `` Inca Queen '' might well be the worst thing he has ever done . `` Prisoners Of Rock & Roll '' and `` Midnight Vacation '' save Life from being totally without merit .
 It 's very rarely I post negative reviews here at Amazon , but I was so disappointed with this latest album from Kim Richey I felt I had to say why . As some of the other reviews have already pointed out , this album is definitely a departure for Kim , and for me it 's a change for the worse . First let me point out that I have all 3 of Kim Richey 's albums prior to this , and I like them all , especially her fantastic self-titled debut album . Even though her next two albums - Bitter sweet & Glimmer - were good , each album was subsequently a little weaker than the one that went before it . On Glimmer , there are hints of a change in style for Kim , with more mellow , laid-back tracks . This already had me wondering what her next album would be like , which brins us to `` Rise '' ... No doubt there are people out there who will like this more mature - and certainly less radio-friendly - offering from Kim Richey . My opinion though , is that it 's her weakest album yet , and she 's sure to lose some of her core fans . Why ? ... apart from a small handful tracks , most of the songs are dreary , monotonous and just dull . Where 's all the life , vitality and upbeat tunes that made her debut album such a classic ? . Where 's all the memorable melodies and hooks and bring the listener back time and time again ? . And if you think I 'm berating this album purely because of it 's more laid-back approach , you could n't be more wrong , Norah Jones 's excellent album is one of my favourites this year . But that had tunes you remember that make you keep coming back . Kim Richey 's Rise however , does n't . I 've listened to `` Rise '' many times over waiting for it to eventually `` hook '' me , but apart from 3 songs , it simply has n't . Despite all of my criticisms , this album does have about 3 tracks I really like , and yes - I do n't care to admit it , they are the most radio-friendly songs on here . These are `` Me and you '' , `` The circus song -LRB- ca n't let go -RRB- '' , and `` Cowards in a brave new world '' , all of which are upbeat an reminiscent of Kim 's earlier work . Overall though , this album is a let-down , and I wo n't be in quite such a rush to buy Kim 's next album .
 My one minute review of Rise :1 . A girl in a car
 my name is Kim Richey and I want to be just like Morcheeba . Nevermind that I used to be a cross-over country/pop artist , I think I 'm going to venture into trip-hop now .
 I am also a long-time Kim Richey fan and no , I have no problem with artists making musical departures and reinventing themselves . That does n't mean different is better . This album is so low-key , unmelodic and spare that it sounds like a demo from a poetic high schooler with a guitar . Listen to some of the sample tracks before you purchase . What you 'll hear is pretty much all you get . It 's been a long time between `` Rise '' and her previous album - is this all we get ?
 I have Kim 's self titled CD in high rotation in my CD player and I was looking forward to this CD . I had high hopes that it would be better than the last album , which seemed rushed and not nearly as refined as her previous efforts . I was sorely disappointed . I 'm all for trying new things , but when they do n't work , they do n't work . I can only guess that she was trying to go for a more pop sound.The annoying synthesizer on `` The Circus Song '' makes me reach for the by pass button on the CD player.There were some highlights and I believe that the songwriting is still probably very good , but I ca n't get past the production . I ca n't help feeling that someone at the record company said `` this is what you should sound like . '' Which is very disappointing since Kim had such a distinctive sound .
 I first saw Kim Richey opening for Trisha Yearwood . I was totally floored , `` how could I never have heard this artist before , she is wonderful ! '' . I rushed out bought `` Glimmer '' and `` Bitter Sweet '' . I was not disappointed in either CD . When I saw `` Rise '' released I could not wait to get it . It does not even sound like Kim Richey , its like she left her voice and her songwriting talents somewhere , and not on `` Rise '' . I could n't understand what was wrong , her vocals , normally clear and pure , were dull and restrained . Her songwriting , obviously not her own . I looked at the CD cover , looking for changes from the former CD 's , and lo and behold , a new producer/collaborator . Bill Bottrell . Listen Kim , lose him , I do n't care who he worked with , he does n't know what to do with you talent . `` Rise '' is an irony for the title , because it should really sink like the Titanic . It is I 'm sorry to say , absolutely awful . Does anyone know where the real Kim Richey is ? Let me know if you find her , because she is a wonderful talent , who has been obviously mislead .
 Being a major fan of Kim Richey and of all her previous three releases KIM RICHEY , BITTERSWEET and GLIMMER respectively , I could not wait for her new release . What a massive dissapointment . I agree with one review that said NO JUDGES is the only standout track on the cd . I agree completely !!! The rest of the album almost put me to sleep ... I was planning my grocery list , etc while listening to it . . usually she captivates me , this cd is junk ... her voice is incredible but the songs are sorry to say , trash ... Bill Bottrell did a huge disservice to her ... I hope next time Kim goes back to doing it all on her own ! That is where she `` RISES '' ... better luck next time !
 After having been blown away by Kim 's first release , I bought this CD and was thoroughly disappointed . I 'm not sure what direction she is heading musically -LRB- maybe to imitate Jewel in some way -RRB- , but the crisp , distinctive , and melodic sound of her first CD is virtually lost on this one . In essence ... the amazing `` groove '' is missing . Other than `` Place Called Home '' , which is good , this release feels like she is trying to be someone she is not . I hope she finds the magic again in future releases .
 These songs arent up to Kims very high standards.Kim can ROCK and this cd doesnt , extremely dreary.I dont think much of the production , but Im not immpressed at all by Sheryl Crow.Bill Bottrell ruined Fading , a gem.The songs they wrote together are like B sides compared to the first three cds.Bill Bottrell a genius?This makes Glimmer look like Sgt Pepper .
 How could Kim Richey have a recording contract ? This is the most boring CD I 've ever heard.Each song sounds the same , which is hard do to when the music changes.It does have one use other then as a coaster . If you put it on before you go to sleep . It 's an excellent sleeping pill .
 This review is from
 During this period of time , Young went through a febrile episode of trying to be all things to all people . Such as a ` Fifties rocker -LRB- `` Everybody 's Rockin '' -RRB- and a Kraftwerk clone -LRB- `` Trans '' -RRB- . What I 'm hearing in this album reminds me of a number of Eddy Arnold singles my father owned when I was a kid . Young even brings in a fairly faithful imitation of Hugo Winterhalter 's orchestra as it backed Arnold on Dad 's old 45 's . This is most noticeable in `` Wayward Wind '' . There 's only one problem . If you 've already excelled in two other styles -- the pre-grunge of the Crazy Horse albums and the mellow but pointed commentatator / folkie -- taking on other styles might not necessarily be such a good idea . Versatility from Neil Young when we 're expecting him to sound like Neil -LRB- not Eddy , Buddy or Ralf und Florian -RRB- is a mixed blessing at best .
 Shortly after David Geffen sued Young for the dreck he produced in his `` lost decade '' with the label , Young compiled a single CD overview of those years for Geffen called `` Lucky Thirteen . '' The cosmic hippie joke here , of course , is that the thirteenth track is `` This Note 's For You , '' which was on Young 's first album after rejoining Reprise . From the `` Old Ways '' album we got two tracks , `` Once An Angel '' and `` Where Is The Highway Tonight , '' not bad , but certainly not among his best . After `` This Note '' came `` Freedom , '' containing his ode to Bush 41 , `` Rocking In The Free World , '' then `` Ragged Glory , '' probably the toughest Neil Young & Crazy Horse album of his career . So ... in 1985 , six years after his last great album -LRB- `` Rust Never Sleeps '' -RRB- and five years before his next great one -LRB- `` Ragged Glory '' -RRB- , how did fans react to `` Old Ways ? '' They did n't . On the album cover we have a nice color shot of Huckleberry Neil , peacefully strolling along a trail on his Redwood City ranch that his fans bought for him . Over the years , they shelled out their hard earned dollars for the good , the bad , and the ugly ... everything he plastered his name on . But the biggest `` Old Ways '' joke of all came when Young taped an episode of Austin City Limits during the tour . His final number was a 15-minute , bone-crunching rendition of `` Down By The River , '' with the Old Ways band out-Crazy Horsing Crazy Horse . Young moaned over and over `` Be on my SIIIIIIIIIIIDE ... '' as he paused only to spray vibrato-laden notes from his beloved `` Old Black . '' Five years later the Godfather of Grunge stepped back up to the plate with `` Ragged Glory '' and the resultant live album `` Weld , '' but 1985 's `` Old Ways '' was simply something the fans did n't want , coming at a time when Neil Young 's decade-long Geffen joke had worn annoyingly thin .
 Neil 's career spans the spectrum from country -LRB- this album -RRB- to punk , but never does he seem more out of his element . This , to my ears , fails to be either good Neil Young or good country . No reason to listen , except for the most enthusiastic collectors of Young . ` Harvest ' is a much better effort at Young country -LRB- if you 'll pardon the expression -RRB- .
 Dissapointing . Young can play just about any genre well and country is no exception . The reason is
 Even though I love Neil Young 's country-rock stuff , I found this album completely uncohesive . Kinda tough to listen to . I was warned about this album from other Neil-o-philes but I did n't listen . Not recommended .
 This album is absolutely terrible . It sounds like the band America trying to cover a Neil Young album . Avoid .
 I was looking for some good background music for Christmas , but this cd is very cheesy . I was hoping for more .
 ... but it has to be said
 Let me start with my bias . If you share it , then this review will be helpful , otherwise skip it and read the others.I like swing music from the 40 's and 50 's . I prefer that old style of playing and recording ; for me new swing records typically lack a sense of soul and character . I think the reason for this is because back in those previous decades swing was still new , people were innovating . Nowadays , most -LRB- not all -RRB- swing stuff is merely preserving the genre , so it lacks a certain edge to my ears.Martinis and Mistletoe is a relatively new recording -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . The songs are played very well , the recording is everything you would expect from something recorded with all the new technology
 The instrumental portion of the CD is very good . Just what you would expect from a `` Lounge Music '' genre . But where did they find those female singers ? Yikes , makes the hair on the back of my head stand on end . Would be a great CD without the vocals .
 If you 're looking for some swinging , jazzy , or cool Christmas music , I 'd recommend you keep shopping . Though similar in style to the great ones , this does n't measure up in any comparison . Stick to the singers , arrangers and bands you know will deliver on Christmas Eve ! If you do n't have them yet , get the `` Christmas Cocktails '' releases from the Ultra Lounge series , and you 'll still have some dough to pay the rent . -LRB- Thanks , Pearl -RRB- Merry Christmas !
 Abstract Rude has certainly gotten better ... the lyrics and production on this album are awful . If you want to hear him at his best try , say , Codename Scorpian -LRB- w / Moka Only & Prevail -RRB- or Who Framed the A-Team ? -LRB- w / Aceyalone -RRB- . The only saving grace of this album is the `` Inside your Eyes '' which is powerful and moving ...
 I do n't know about this bootleg , but I bought the recently-released -LRB- and expensive -RRB- version on RCA and the sound is terrible
 KMFDM is my favorite band . By far . I have just about every song they have ever made , either on MP3 or CD . However , I have NEVER liked this album . With wierd meandering songs and repetitive and annoying drums , this is truly the strangest album ever made by KMFDM . When thinking of everything that makes KMFDM good , I think
 I love KMFDM they are one of my favourite bands , but this has only 3 good songs `` No meat-No man '' , Do n't blow your top '' and `` Disgust '' . The rest is all instrumental and BAD at that.AVOID and buy NIHIL and ANGST as they KICK ...
 This album was released before I really got into the band or even knew who they were , so I 'm doing a bit of backtracking on my KMFDM collection by picking up the newly remastered edition here.There 's not much meat on the bones of most of these songs . The first four tracks are the only ones with substantial amount of lead vocals , but even these are weak and unmemorable . The vocals for `` No Meat , No Man '' annoy me , and contain some of the worst lyrics I 've ever heard . The remaining tracks in this group are at least listenable , but the title track is the best by far , featuring female vocals to deliver the hook in the chorus -LRB- already at this early stage the band was setting itself apart from their Industrial contemporaries -RRB- . The remainder of DBYT is nearly devoid of any vocalists . Cut-and-paste style audio clips dress up the still aggressive beats . None of these are so horrible -LRB- I prefer this section of the CD -RRB- , yet collectively they feel a bit monotonous . Mostly between 2 and 4 minutes at least they 're kept reasonable on time length . The bass-heavy `` Tod Durch Bongo-Bongo '' is rife with trippy sounds and echo , the biggest departure from anything else on here . The last two tracks are n't intriguing for me to keep coming back to.For me the band really hit their stride in the early 90 's . DBYT might not have aged well , but shows KMFDM playing with different ideas early on.Final Rating
 When I bought this cd I remember I got impressed by the first two songs ; it 's not that they 're hits but ` No meat-no man ' and ` Do n't Blow Your Top ' are good songs , which made me anticipate a very good album ; but the rest of the songs are mediocre accumulations of instrumental passages and samples , repetitive and usually boring , lacking the fantastic beat changes of Skinny puppy ; in fact these songs sound TO ME as insipid instrumental songs sounding as blurred 242 or puppy songs . Maybe ` Disgust ' is the only which does add anything interesting , the rest are boring and makes a neverending listening out of this cd ; I usually end up skipping the songs and changing it for some Puppy cd .
 The second half of this ' 2-LPs on one CD ' disc is a very listenable collection of English `` folk '' tunes -LRB- Greenseleeves , Lincolnshire Poacher , London Bridge , etc -RRB- . The first half -LRB- all 24 cuts of it -RRB- is a wonderfully entertaining , crisp and lucid explanation of how the instruments in a modern dance band line up , blend , and generally produce fine music . It includes an explanation of how Glenn Miller first achieved his unique sound . As well as educational , it is highly listenable .
 Eh , this was n't what I thought would be.After seeing Blade I thought getting the actual album would have it just as good & even more.I was mistaken.It 's good for starters who need a good baseline for mixing in the dancehalls & who are creating their own spins or elaborations . Apart from that , I would n't get this product .
 The music is predictably gorgeous , but the quality of recording is very poor . The sound fades in and out as the characters move around the stage , and is fuzzy in the extreme registers . Do n't think you are getting a bargain .
 another cash in attempt by wb to sell records I 'm a huge p funk fan and this is just the last 3 albums funkadelic made before warner brothers gave them the boot I 'd rather get all 3 albums separately anyway I wish the powers thjat be put out some unreleased material from the funk mob .
 The product itself was as the seller promised so this is not a mark against the seller . The collection , however , turned out not to have the song I thought was on it and the rest was throw away .
 As said before by another reviwer , the microphoning of the singers is completely wrong , what spoils this recording ! The opera itself is interesting enough to deserve other -LRB- better -RRB- recordings . This performance seems to have been great -LRB- specially for Gencer and Grilli -RRB- unfortunately it is not very pleasant to listen to this cd .
 Gencer was a great soprano all right , but NOT of the 1930s and '40s as the previous reviewer stated ... she made her debut in the early 1950s and sang until the early 1980s . Therefore the poor sound here is just the result of EXTREMELY bad miking !
 I own this c.d. because I own all of Neil 's albums -LRB- and obviously enjoy most of them -RRB- . I will probably continue to buy all of Neil 's releases , but , trust me
 Of all the stylistic detours Neil Young took during the 1980s , new wave synthesizer guru was probably the least likely to work . It might have helped , however , if he had brought some better songs to the occasion . Simply put , there is not a memorable tune on the whole album . The synthesizers in the background become particularly grating after a while . Give Young credit for never rejecting a musical idea . But skip this ill-fated project .
 This is far and away Neil Young 's worst album , and I 'm even counting Greendale . Many consider his albums for Geffen subpar , and they are , but this is just bad . The songs are repetative , boring , and unimaginative , to say the least . If you 're even thinking of buying this album , DO N'T . Just do n't . Please take my advice , build a collection of Neil Young and forget this even exists . Synthesizers just are n't his bag , and it shows on every track . If you want his best album of the 80s , it is arguably either `` Hawks and Doves '' or `` Freedom . '' If you have listened to this and think it is representative of Young 's music , think again ; he is the greatest songwriter of all time , barring perhaps only Bob Dylan . This album is an anomoly , one of two of his albums that I can say are truly bad and should be avoided -LRB- the other being Greendale -RRB- ; the rest of his catalogue should be bought and appreciated forever .
 I am a huge Neil Young fan and yet after listening to Landing on Water , I had to ceremonially break the CD in half . It is a travesty that anything this terrible could come from the amazing Neil Young .
 This ca n't be Neil Young ! This sounds too new wave to be him . I ca n't even believe he did this album , this is practically a disgrace to his rock career , but to take him back he still is one of the best artists of all time and this is the only album that sucks . So I forgive him . But people do n't listen to this album , your wasting your time if you want to listen to this Neil Young album .
 This is perhaps the only neil young album I can think that I can honestly say you should n't bother with . It 's still neil , so its not all bad -LRB- the stand out track , hippie dream , is excellent -RRB- , but the overwhelming majority of these songs just flat do n't work . The biggest thing this album has going for it is its low price . Since its so cheap , its almost worth picking up just to satisfy your curiousity . Just do n't expect it to be a constant fixture in your daily listening . If you want to check out neil 's experimental period , you 're much better off checking out trans ...
 The main problem with this record was that that it was only a contract record . Neil was under contract to make one more record for Geffen . He gave them the garbage he had been playing with at the time . The only value this record has is for the collector of the whole collection . It is just a sad consequence of the music business that we have to see stuff like this still . Geffen is still trying to get money out of Neil by rehashing old stuff . Lucky Thirteen is a prime example . 2 stars , because it is still Neil .
 With the wealth of talent Mr. Young has it is disapointing to see it wasted here . Can this be real ? That 's what I thought when I first listened to it . I thought maybe this could be a `` golden Turkey '' . It was not . It was a poor , poor effort . The only reason I did n't give it one star was because this album finishes my Neil Young collection . I only with this album would have had something feesible to it . But it lacks .
 Not a successful genre experiment by Mr Young . It is quite puzzling why this is still available while `` On The Beach '' , `` Time Fades Away '' , and `` Re-Ac-Tor '' are not available on CD . Neil would have more success with later projects .
 It does not matter whether you use computers or synthesizers or not . It is the songs which should carry things . It this case , aside from a couple of exceptions , things just do n't happen .
 I was told by the seller that the cd I ordered was lost in the mail ... I was refunded the amount paid.Totally NOT satisfied Neil Young advocate , Bob & Susan Hiltebeitel
 There is much music from the 1980 's that I still love - Style Council , Tears For Fears , Pet Shop Boys , MJ , Madonna , Queen , just to name a few . There was also a lot of music that sounded okay at the time but that I now shake my head at and wonder what the hell I was thinking . Landing on Water reminds me of that latter class of music . It sounds totally generic and disposable . In particular , the up front and monotonous drumming is totally distracting . Every damned song is dominated by Steve Jordan 's ever present and pedantically awful bang bang bang . It 's almost as if the producer had a mixing malfunction . Young 's distinctive and affecting voice and the occasional guitar flourish are n't enough to save this record . I did n't particularly care for Neil Young -LRB- debut LP -RRB- , Hawks and Doves or Reactor . But at least these were listenable . With LOW I just want to get up and take the thing off . I bought this album in October , 1986 . I did play it , probably just once ! I do not recall hearing any of the songs on this record on the radio , in a bar or club , in a friend 's house or in concert . You do n't have to be a genius to figure out the reason . I own almost thirty of Young 's recordings on vinyl and CD . I am a fan - just not of this particular music .
 This album is not one you 'd think of if you thought about Neil Young . Being the hard-core fan I am , though , I also realize that Neil does n't really like to identify himself with one type of music . But this was a failing attempt at being part of the hip ways of the 80 's . It 's just not his thing . Of all the young albums I 've listened to and fallen in love with , Landing On Water is one that I keep on the shelf purely to say that I have collected it .
 After today 's miracle in New York , I immediately thought of this forgettable 1986 album . I still own it on vinyl . The one good tract is `` Touch the Night , '' a poor man 's `` Like a Hurricane . '' As New Jersey 's biggest Neil Young fan , I half understand , but still wonder why , a minor Neil Young album title grabs my attention while I 'm watching the US Airways plane floating south down the Hudson River on CNN . Secondly , I wonder whether Neil himself pondered the relevance while he watched from Australia -- he 's currently there on tour . Finally , thirdly , and sadly , I did think about the poor souls on the plane . But they 're alive . Hey hey , my my.And lastly , if you own the LP , you realize that there is a cool photo of Neil sitting in an airplane seat , a flotation device strapped to his chest , the plane ready to hit water , and Neil looks scared . Real scared .
 I tried to find something positive about this album , but I ca n't . The mid eighties were not kind to Neil , luckily his experimenting with synthesizers , etc. is over . Save your money and buy other Neil CD 's .
 There are two types of absolutely wretched music . There is music so bad , you can not listen to it for a single second and there is music so bad you can not stop listening to it . For years devoted fans have been replaying songs from Bob Dylan 's Christian period or John Lennon 's projects with a sizable Yoko contribution , their ears begging them to turn it off but there curiosity ablaze , in wonderment how such typically wonderful artists could produce such appalling music.Canadian folkie , Neil Young 's foray into head-scratching badness was his affair with Geffen records . For whatever reason , Mr. Young left his label , Reprise and signed with Geffen in 1980 . He released two fairly boring records , 1980 's Hawks and Doves and 1981 's Reactor before things really got absurd . In 1982 , he released Trans , an album coated in ear piercing , Kraftwerk-ish synthesizer treatment , completely uncharacteristic of the rugged Mr. Young . He followed it with 1983 's Everybody 's Rocking , an album that presented a series of frivolous rockabilly songs , presented without a hint of irony or cheekiness and 1985 's Old Ways , an almost stereotypically mummbly country album.That brings us to 1986 's Landing on Water , an album that continues along the trail of Trans , only without being at least somewhat interesting . While Lading on Water continues the overwhelming emphasis on synthesizer gloss of its predecessor , in place of Trans ' experimentalism , the album is guided by conformity to the lowest denominator of the recent new wave movement . Landing on Water is so overrun with high-pitched vocals , instrumental hyperactivity and glaring keyboards that the Thompson Twins might find it ostentatious . Meanwhile , Mr. Young 's lyrics have dropped to the level of banal dreck like `` I knew some people used to dance all night/But not me/I never knew if it was wrong or right/To be so free/I used to close my eyes/And try to hide from the light of love/Spent all my time with the darkness inside/But when I met you girl . '' With the exception of the raging cynicism of `` Hippie Dream , '' the garbly poet that used to be Neil Young is nowhere in sight . It seems as if Mr. Young intentionally meant himself to be unrecognizable.He would later claim that he had grown to despise Geffen and was making such baffling creative decisions only to anger the corporation -LRB- who would sue Mr. Young shortly after the release of Landing on Water for providing them with music `` unrepresentative of himself '' -RRB- and , listening to Landing on Water , it is not difficult to imagine Mr. Young and company absorbing everything absurd about new wave and parodying it , trying to imagine the look on poor , old David Geffen 's face when he hears the final mix . Whatever his misguided intensions , this monster should be avoided by everyone except the most adamant Neil fans , ones dedicated enough to the singer-songwriter to want to explore his most perplexing eccentricities .
 Geez ... What 's Neil up to here ? This is n't too good . If you think Neil should be backed by Toto you might enjoy this one . I hate to throw darts at the guy -LRB- cause he 's great -RRB- but this sounds like he wants to be a pop star . This would n't fly on Star Search . Bottom Line
 Boy this is a bad album . It 's really not even worth listening to after you 've heard it once . There are a couple of good melodies in a couple of the songs , but nothing on here is completely a good song . My guess is that Mr. Young really wanted this album NOT to sell , so Geffen would n't make a lot of money off of it .
 Okay , Neil with synthesizers and drum machines . Strike anybody else as stupid ? Because this , along with Life , is the worst Neil Young album out there . The lyrics are frequently embarrassing -LRB- I 've Got a Problem ; Hippy Dream ; Weight of the World ; Violent Side ; Drifter -RRB- , and the aforementioned drum machines and such got on my nerves fast . There 's not a single song on this mess worth salvaging . Neil 's put out some great stuff , but this is n't an example of what he can do . There 's not even a memorable guitar solo thrown in . Skip over it .
 I read the recent biography of Neil Young called Shakey ... even he considers this one of his worst albums . The sound is terrible . The worst of 80 's production technology . It all sounds like it 's in a tin can which makes sense since basically the musicians did n't actually play together . There are a couple of good songs like `` Pressure '' but this one really does n't stand the test of time .
 Neil Young is a great song writer and I 'm a huge fan of his.But the only reason you would ever buy this album is so that you can brag to your firends and family that you own the worst album ever made.The irony in all of this is that I actually have far more respect for Young after listening to this garbage . It amazes me that he can do something so awful and then come right back and release albums like Harvest Moon and Ragged Glory.If you are just getting into Young 's music then do not buy this album until you have most -LRB- if not all -RRB- of the other albums he has done .
 Let me start by saying that Neil Young is probably my all-time favorite rock-and-roll artist . I own thirty of his albums and still eagerly await each new release . But this turkey is the only Neil Young album I ever actually sold back used . I can not say a single good thing about it.Simply put , `` Landing On Water '' was a ghastly miscalculation by the master . How Neil could have thought that a collection of mediocre songs driven primarily by synthesizers was a good idea is beyond me . And while I have often been pleasantly surprised by some of his more unconventional projects -LRB- the Shocking Pinks , for example -RRB- , my only reaction to this album was horror.If you want to hear Neil doing something interesting with synths , check out `` Trans . '' Avoid this disaster at all costs !
 One interesting thing about Neil Young is that he 's never made a tossed-off , unengaged , musically dull album . He 's made bad albums , of course , but they 're fascinatingly bad because he 's come up with some bizarre musical concept and he 's making a mess of it.Exhibit A
 Neil Young in the late 70 's and through most of the 80 's was like Lou Reed ; even if the album was awful , there was at least one amazing track that is among that artist 's best work.Landing on Water is not really a great album , or even a good album . I do not begrudge an artist , especially Neil , experimenting and doing something atypical . I think one of the problems with this album was the production . Some of the songs probably would be better regarded if done by another band and not done with such a new-wave production style . I think if this album was done by Crazy Horse , or the Stray Gators , it would be a much better album . But on the flip side , I do n't think Neil has ever done any of these , or many of these songs in concert , since the initial tour to promote the album , so maybe he does n't feel that they 're a particularly strong bunch of songs.That being said , I think there are some great songs on this album , despite the production . `` Violent Side '' and `` Weight of the World '' are great , though the stand out track is `` Hippie Dream '' and I think it one of Neil 's best songs - ever . And one I 'd love to hear done by the Horse . I think that could be an amazing version . But , it is also one of the songs that fits the style of production.Basically , this album is for Neil completists , someone who likes a song or two from the album -LRB- which is why I originally bought the album - I wanted to hear `` Hippie Dream . '' The song did receive a fair amount of airplay when the album came out . -RRB- , or a really hardcore Neil nut . Not the first Neil CD to pick up if you 're new to Neil . Or , heck , probably not on the of the first fifteen CD 's to pick-up . Though , that is an interesting mental picture , some fourteen year old music nut
 If there was a way to leave negative stars , I would for this album . I just could n't take it . It is good for artists to explore new things , but this is a failure and should never have been released . I will never be able to get this time back .
 `` Landing on Water '' is a very strange album , even by Neil Young 's standards . Who else would follow an old-time country album -LRB- `` Old Ways '' -RRB- with an often cheesy synth-pop album ? But it was hardly a commercial move , as there 's plenty of screaming lead guitar from Neil , and Steve Jordan 's drums are too snare-heavy and loud in the mix to be radio-friendly . At times , it works . But most of the music sounds terribly dated now in the way that most synth-based '80s stuff does , although Neil threw in just enough of his usual rawness and quirkiness that it 's still kind of interesting to hear.And , for the most part , this is a pretty weak batch of songs from Neil , full of trite sentiments , obvious lyrics , and even the occasional nod to the MTV generation -LRB- which meant something different in '86 than it does now -RRB- . A big exception is `` Hippie Dream , '' a scathing jab at Neil 's peers -LRB- especially ex-bandmate David Crosby -RRB- who succumbed to nihilistic excess and addiction while resting on past laurels . In contrast , moving forward restlessly -LRB- and wrecklessly -RRB- is Neil 's thing
 I had the unfortunate experience of hearing this album again last week which reminded me why I traded in this piece of garbage years ago in college . This is hands down `` THE WORST NEIL ALBUM EVER '' ! Electric drum kit ? Please . At least it fits the trend of the '80s ... his worst album would be released during the worst music decade . Do yourself a favor and save your ears ... do n't buy or even listen to this album unless you need a laxative .
 Let me begin by saying that I really like Neil Young . I 've followed him since his days with Buffalo Springfield . I have virtually everything he 's ever recorded on either vinyl or CD -LRB- usually both -RRB- , and I even have a couple of bootlegs -LRB- sorry , Neil ! -RRB- of concert performances . I have the utmost respect for Neil Young , both as a songwriter and musician . But with all due respect , this album sucks . That 's not to say that there are n't a few bright moments -- but in all honesty I have to tell you that this is the only -- ONLY -- Neil Young album that I have yet to ever be able to sit through all the way without taking it off . I have always thought that Geffen Records did Neil wrong , but this album almost justifies their claims that he intentionally recorded records that would n't sell while with their label . I have to wonder if this was actually Neil 's way of giving the label the finger -- sort of an inside joke that only he gets . Maybe , but to those of us who actually paid money for it , it was a bit of a slap in the face . I 'm giving it 2 stars only because it IS Neil , after all , and because he deserves some kind of credit for having the guts to put his name on the line for an album this bad . Sorry Neil , I luv ya , but I just can not recommend this one .
 Sometimes `` Landing on water '' is on sale but even if this one was for free I would n't take it . It 's so amazingly bad I ca n't find the words . So if you 're unfamiliar with Neil Young and see this one on sale , and start to think that maybe it 's time to explore Neil Young ... RESIST ! Do not touch this album -LRB- at least not as your first Neil Young -RRB- cause the risk is very high that you 'll never look at another record by Mr. Young - and that would be a pity . Instead of this one you should get `` Harvest '' , `` After the gold rush '' and `` Comes a time '' .
 Landing on Water was nothing but a dissapointment . The songs were terrible , i ca n't even listen to it anymore . Even though you can buy it for next to nothing , you should save your money for the classics , Like Harvest , After the Goldrush , and Tonights the Night .
 Previous reviewers have already said much about the only two positive elements on this recording
 One of the worst Don Carlo ever ! Very abridged . Only three good singers
 My poor rating is based not on the actual product , but the fact the product I received is not the classical collection as described in Amazon 's product details . Rather it 's a collection of popular holiday favorites performed by the Montgomery Smith -LSB- saxophone -RSB- Quintet and published by Reflections . Songs include `` I 'll Be Home for Christmas '' , `` Christmas Time Is Here '' , `` What Child Is This '' , `` Let It Snow '' , `` Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas '' , `` O Christmas Tree '' , `` Happy Holidays '' , `` The Christmas Song '' , `` What Are You Doing New Years Eve '' , `` Silver Bells '' , `` Merry Christmas Baby '' , `` I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus '' , `` Winter Wonderland '' , `` White Christmas '' . This product is only available through third parties . Be sure to verify the product with seller before you order .
 This one just does n't cut it . The sound quality is muddy and it does n't even vaguely hold my interest . Even if you love Nine Pound Hammer , avoid this one .
 This Cd was terrible and it should n't have been released . I was feeling the first song -LRB- Free -RRB- thinking that she was going to have a good album . Since it was entitled Good Life . She does n't show a Good Life at all
 ... singing , then this CD is for you ! the music is great , and after skipping through a few songs , i was almost wishing that it was all instrumentals . dilks ' voice is just too thin and whiney to really make this cd stand out . apart from that , the band really does a great job and the playing is top notch ... sadly enough , that was n't enough to make me * not * return the cd ...
 I ordered a CD titled Maximum BBC , sight unseen , prior to its release date , and got sent this piece of -LSB- garbage -RSB- instead . There is no music by the band on this album ; instead , it 's an audio bio narrated by some obnoxious British woman telling you a story that you already know by heart , full of the writer 's opinions and negative , sarcastic remarks about the U.S. , all to the tune of the same boring repetitive backing music that was obviously created on a synthesizer workstation and is quite tedious to listen to . The only Who material present consists of some excerpts from old interviews that are poorly reproduced and hence barely intelligible . I 'd give it a zero if I could .
 I must confess that I have not actually listened to this cd , but seeing the title says `` In Concert '' feel I should warn any unwary buyer that the cd can not contain performances by Rachmaninoff in concert.Rachmaninoff , as the notes to RCA 's set of his complete recordings tells , refused to broadcast - and all searches for rumored ` live ' recordings turned up nothing . It is far more likely that this cd represents an attempt to reconstruct a Rachmaninoff concert , using his well known recordings . Which you are far better off getting from the RCA set .
 With a couple of exceptions , this collection is mostly weak , pathetic interpretations that do no justice to the originals . If you 're interested in this album because you remember great tunes by the likes of Simple Minds and Echo and the Bunnymen , you 'll be disappointed by the lame , poorly produced covers that this set offers .
 I was given this CD as a gift because I love 80s teen movies . The tunes were originally fantastic - but not by these artists ! Granted , not all musicians in the 80s were the best of singers , but I do n't remember any of them being as off-key as any of these kids ... One good thing is the cover art - it 's very clever .
 I wish some record company would put the band Russia album on cd , but so far I have n't been able to find it . Thought this cd was it from some of the reviews , but it 's not . So do not waste your money like I did believing the positive reviews . They must have been written by Terra Russia so they could sell more cd 's .
 My boyfriend ran across the album `` Russia '' by the 80s rock band Russia on Amazon . He 'd had the album back in the day and thought it might be worth adding to his Wish List . It appeared to only be available on LP ; however , there is a link on the LP 's page that reads `` Audio CD , Import , 2006 , '' so he clicked that and landed here . He thought it was odd that the covers did n't match -LRB- the Russia album he wanted has a red cover with a star on it -RRB- , but figured it might be a difference due to release dates and format . He added this CD to his Wish List . I then purchased the album from his Wish List for Valentine 's Day . When he went to play it , however , he quickly realized that this CD has nothing whatsoever to do with the rock band Russia . This is a CD of Russian music . If you 're looking for Russian music , this might be a very good CD -LRB- I only gave it one star because the review page makes you choose a rating -RRB- . If , however , you 're looking for Russia the rock band , this is NOT what you 're looking for!To Amazon 's credit , they accepted the returned CD despite it having been opened and refunded my money . I did explain the reason for returning the CD , but the link from LP to CD is still incorrect as of 3/12/11 .
 I personally find norman cooks music rather dull . . but i love his Djing . . On the floor of the boutique really is one of the best CD 's out there . . and one of the best dj albums period , only hurt by his own personal songs -LRB- really the whole mix looses momentum and seems to drag on when he drops his personal tracks -RRB- but his remixes have allways been rather simple -LRB- he kinda old school remixes leaving the back bone and only adding some heavier beats mostly -RRB- and his personal music is good , but always wears old within 2 mins . . cause he does n't seem to know how to do something with it or even end it without just letting it repeat over and over into obsurdity . much more dj friendly than home stereo friendly . . this is probably much better if you can stand his own tracks . . on the floor of the boutique is Highly recommended though
 I bought this CD specifically for the Beats International material and was disappointed that these are the original mixes of WO N'T TALK ABOUT IT and DUB BE GOOD TO ME rather than the Norman Cook remixes . These songs are EITHER remixed OR produced by FS/NC but not necessarily BOTH . A shame !
 Ok , I 've listened to Fat Boy Slim . That guy 's stuff is n't bad , by no means main stream , but worth while . But ... this Norman Cook - he 's horrible . It 's no wonder Cook developed an alter ego . With the exception of a few easily recognisable tunes , I could n't believe this `` stuff '' had come from the same artist that produced Praise You . Renegade Master is the type of track I 've come to know and respect -LRB- that one is a keeper -RRB- , and I have to give props for I Left My Wallet in El Segundo . Other than that , this album sounds like someone mixed songs from the first dozen records they found during their expedition to the flea market . If this is the sound you 're looking for , save a few bucks , check out your local yard sales . So as not to be too negative , I 'll say this ; the printing job on the CD itself is charming . The notion of making it look like a turntable was inspired .
 Ok ... please do yourself a favor and dont waste your money on this cd , it has just too old tunes and mixes and the only good songs in it are the ones mixed by fatboy slim like `` the world is made up of this and that '' and `` renegade master '' but overall the entire cd is boring and has a very slow pace ... anyway I wasted my money , dont waste yours peace
 I bought this release on the strength of the many favourable -LRB- indeed glowing -RRB- reviews for this release , on Amazon and elsewhere . When it arrived , I put it on , eagerly expecting a life-changing experience . As the music progressed I began shaking my head repeatedly , thought seriously of resorting to pinching myself in hopes I had inadvertently slipped into a nightmare , but finally settled for muttering scathing comments at everyone concerned in this sad exhibition.The two ladies , no matter what their past glories , are well past their best , especially Frittoli , but the once-wonderful Borodina is close behind . They have vocal wobbles through which the entire chorus could march ten a-breast with room to spare . No melodic line can survive such . I 'm sorry to say it , but there we are . The tenor is simply unpleasant at best and taxed well beyonds his means on several occasions . I 'm sure he is a perfectly wonderful chap , and I hate to be unkind ; but he should not be singing the Verdi Requiem - ever , and certainly not on a touted release . Thankfully , the bass is very good , not only by comparison but in his own right ; not a super-star , but very , very good and a pleasure to listen to.As for Muti , he seems to have no over-all vision of the piece ; there is scarcely a moment of musical cohesion . Individual sections may be beautiful , but there is no sense whatsoever that the various sections -LRB- or even phrases in some cases -RRB- have the slightest relationship to anything going before or to come after . I 've really never heard anything quite like it.Perhaps I 'm listening to another recording altogether ? The only similarity I can find between what I heard and what was reviewed is the cover artwork . I know I 'm in the minority ; but I can only say that I was prepared to like the performance , had no prejudices against anyone involved in the performance or the recording , and yet I came away questioning either my sanity or others ' taste . I 'm at a loss to explain it , but my advice is to avoid this performance - even if someone gives it to you as a gift !
 This recording of Verdi 's Messa da Requiem won the Grammy Award for best classical album this year -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . Certainly , the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and Chorus , led by Riccardo Muti , both much experienced in recording this work , perform admirably . And the sound is first-rate . The soloists are another matter . With the exception of Ildar Abdrazakov -LRB- bass -RRB- , they are abysmal . Barbara Frittoli -LRB- soprano -RRB- warbles her way across the score ; Olga Borodina -LRB- mezzo-soprano -RRB- sounds like she is asleep at the wheel ; and , Mario Zeffiri -LRB- tenor -RRB- needs some testosterone injected in his vocal box . The fury , the fear , the regret , the quiet resignation , of the vocal parts are all missing here . Not a memorable performance.Perhaps an uncharitable review , but I am really angry at myself for having trusted the Grammy committee in buying this 2-CD set . I have other recordings of the Requiem , under Toscanini , Karajan , Giulini , Solti , Leinsdorf and Gardiner . I was looking for a newer , fresher approach to this masterpiece . My mistake . Better to stick with the great recordings of the past .
 Of what worth is yet another Verdi Requiem on the marketplace if the critical quantity that is the soloists fails to elevate the product above the average , let alone above Muti 's well-established standards ? To wit , his 1987 rendition from La Scala for EMI not only boasts an idiomatic chorus steeped in the tradition but also boasts four glorious and legendary soloists that no one could touch today
 I bought this because I liked the Lite It Up release and the reviews were for the most part positive . I was very disappointed . It sounds like a dozen other bands of the era ; D tuning , howling vocals , boring guitar solos . The revelation is there 's no revelation .
 For some reason , as i listened to this album , I kept picutring David Drainman from Disturbed 's less evil twin as the vocalist for this band . I also expected the singer to break out into the chorus of `` Stupify '' at any moment as well . Oh well . This band is pretty much like any other hard rock band out at the moment . The usual quite verse followed by a heavy chorus . Nothing new or to write home about .
 I wish I would have known that the CD only version was being released in a few weeks . I would have waited to buy this CD until then . My CD arrived scratched because of the `` fancy '' packaging and there are a couple of tracks unplayable . While Joni Mitchell 's singing is AMAZING -LRB- 5 stars ! -RRB- on the tracks I could play , it is NOT worth the extra money to buy this edition . WAIT until the CD only one is available .
 What little I was able to hear of this new CD , oh so fancifully packaged - sounded wonderful ! But like other reviewers , I must say the packaging itself seems designed to destroy the CD before you can listen to it ! Although quite `` pretty '' , the CD does not seat correctly on the built in spindle of the box and during shipping it becomes all scratched and unplayable ! In fact , I returned the first one , recieved a second one and it too arrived damaged in the same way ! -LRB- I returned it also . -RRB- I got ta tell ya though ... the folks at Amazon were great ! They rushed out that replacement in a couple days , and were helpful and understanding when I had to call them back to arrange the return of the second one . -LRB- And gave me a full credit , no hassles at all ! -RRB- Now all I have to do is await the release of a good old regular version , sans fancy packaging that destroys the product . Which is what I 'd reccommend , the little pictures although `` nice '' are not worth the price of admission . : -RRB-
 I preordered this CD and anxiously awaited its arrival . Being a long , long-time Joni fan and having bought every album/cd she 's made , I have to say , I was completely disappointed . I could n't get it up for any song . They all sounded exactly the same . I 'm glad there are other people that liked this cd . I actually put mine in the trash can after one play . That 's how depressing it was . Sorry , Joni . I still love ya ...
 Though it is hard to give one of the greatest ignored bands a two-star rating ... `` Terminal Jive '' is probably one of Sparks ' most unlistenable albums . `` When I 'm With You '' is a good intro to the album ... danceable , rhythmic , & romantic . But , the rest of the album sounds a like score for some made for T.V. soundtrack . It is not what 's expected as a follow up for the `` No. 1 Song in Heaven , '' disco-rated Sparks , yet humorous & ball-sy . `` Rock-n-roll People in a Disco World '' reveals the album 's theme , but album sounds flat overall . For Sparks fans ... there 's a few here you 'll love & the album 's worth purchasing . In fact , it 's great to see the album availble in the U.S. for the first time ever ! But for newcomers , this album is no go . Do n't let this rating distract you from the # 1 band in heaven ! Sparks will have as big as a following as Led Zeppelin as soon as people stop listening with their eyes and start listening with their ears again !
 I loved Sparks in my youth , I was probably introduced to them when they performed Mickey Mouse on SNL circa 1981 . Or maybe it was hearing I Predict on Dr. Demento or Tips For Teens on KROQ . Anyway , I distinctly recall owning the LPs Whomp That Sucker , Angst In My Pants , and In Outer Space . For many , many years I 've meant to check out their discography prior to those early 80s records , and now I 've finally gotten around to it . Over the past couple of weeks I 've been giving repeated listenings to everything from A Woofer In Tweeter 's Clothing -LRB- 1972 -RRB- to Terminal Jive -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . Rather than review them each individually , I will say that some albums I love from beginning to end -LRB- Kimono My House , Propaganda -RRB- some I thought were worthwhile even if they only had a few great songs -LRB- Woofer , Indiscreet , Big Beat , No. 1 In Heaven -RRB- and two I thought were completely forgettable with virtually nothing redeeming about them at all -LRB- Introducing Sparks , and especially Terminal Jive -RRB- . -LRB- Almost -RRB- any band who puts out a lot of albums over a long period of time is going to have some duds here and there . Terminal Jive is a major low point . It 's missing everything I love the most about Sparks , i.e. catchy hooks and a big sense of humor . I wonder if `` something '' was going on behind the scenes at the time e.g. hitting rock bottom vis a vis drug addiction , something like that.For the record , Angst In My Pants is still my personal pick for best Sparks album . Absolute classic .
 This is among Sparks weakest albums by any measure . The fact it is the follow-up to a brilliant monster of a record -LRB- No. 1 in Heaven -RRB- makes it seem all the worse . When I 'm With You was deservedly a smash hit in Europe , but there is precious little else worthy of anyone 's time here . If you happen to be in the process of building a Sparks catalog , this should be among your very last acquisitions .
 During this EP , the singer just shouts out ... Tom is good though !
 just got this CD in today and popped it in ready for a good experience.what i got was a repetitive beat ear beating!maybe i am not sure what to look for but its basically sounds like someone took a beat machine and experimented on it.this is the second time i 've been burnt by OM Music/Naked Music.I am starting to see that around 2003 or 2004 Naked Music made a turn towards a sound I like . Pre 2003 does not do it for me.As I write this , I am listening to track 2 ... repetitive . there is no creativity.i hate i wasted my money .
 I thought I was ordering an audio book . Instead it was a cd by a rock group with the same title . I opened it so can not return it , but it will end up in the garbage . I should have looked before I opened it .
 as a child , I remember Helen Shapiro 's songs from listening to them on the car radio on the way to school . At the age I was , buying 45 's was not even on my radar.I identified with ` Do n't treat me like a child ' . The upbeat rhythm of ` Walking back to happiness ' and for some reason , ` Tell me what he said ' for I was too young to have a boyfriend stuck with me.Along with artists like Neil Sedaka , Cliff Richard , Paul Evans , finding this album -LSB- dating myself again -RSB- and playing the songs for me and my siblings evoked conversation and warm fuzzies of happier simpler times . Granted , she was a lesser known British pop star from that era , but in our lives , she struck a chord of pleasant memories .
 I saw the Fab Four for the first time about twenty years ago . The McCartney guy was about three and half years old , but even then you could tell he was going to grow up to BE Paul McCartney of the new millennium . He had this little , teeny , tiny Hofner Beatle Bass . It was so cool.The Fab Four is without a doubt THE PREMIERE BEATLES BAND of all time . Even The Mop Tops take second billing to these guys . Not only do they sound like The Beatles , look like the Beatles and recreate the Beatle 's stage show to the hilt , but they even smell , eat , walk and frolic like The Beatles . Yes ... I said frolic . Unbelievable is n't it ? You 'd think that in their spare time they would be hard at work honing their craft , learning new songs and such , but no . Their lives off the Beatle stage is a NEVER-ENDING recreation of the film , A Hard Day 's Night ! Yes , that 's what I said . Every day of his life , Rolo -LRB- the drummer -RRB- is running away from screaming , young Liverpudlian girls and hanging around with old , 70 year old men ! SERIOUSLY ! Michael , the George guy , goes into advertising agencies , daily by mistake , and is mistaken as `` a clue to the new direction '' . And this is daily , people ! Uncanny is n't it ?? And if I had a dime for everytime Ardy has spoken the words , `` Oh , that this too , too solid flesh would melt ... ZAP '' ... well , I 'd be a rich man beyond my wildest!As you can see , no matter how old or how young you are , you must see The Fab Four at least 10 times a month , no matter how near or far the venue . Even if you do n't see them on stage , find their addresses and observe them in their normal , day to day lives , `` A Fab Day 's Night , and Day , and Night , and Day ... `` If you 're lucky you may get to see Ron `` in the bath '' with his submarine singing Britania ! Do n't get you hopes up too much though.Sincerely ... A TRUE FAB FAN!P.S . This was a total and complete joke !!! The Christmas CD blows !
 I saw the Fab Four for the first time about twenty years ago . The McCartney guy was about three and half years old , but even then you could tell he was going to grow up to BE Paul McCartney of the new millennium . He had this little , teeny , tiny Hofner Beatle Bass . It was so cool.The Fab Four is without a doubt THE PREMIERE BEATLES BAND of all time . Even The Mop Tops take second billing to these guys . Not only do they sound like The Beatles , look like the Beatles and recreate the Beatle 's stage show to the hilt , but they even smell , eat , walk and frolic like The Beatles . Yes ... I said frolic . Unbelievable is n't it ? You 'd think that in their spare time they would be hard at work honing their craft , learning new songs and such , but no . Their lives off the Beatle stage is a NEVER-ENDING recreation of the film , A Hard Day 's Night ! Yes , that 's what I said . Every day of his life , Rolo -LRB- the drummer -RRB- is running away from screaming , young Liverpudlian girls and hanging around with old , 70 year old men ! SERIOUSLY ! Michael , the George guy , goes into advertising agencies , daily by mistake , and is mistaken as `` a clue to the new direction '' . And this is daily , people ! Uncanny is n't it ?? And if I had a dime for everytime Ardy has spoken the words , `` Oh , that this too , too solid flesh would melt ... ZAP '' ... well , I 'd be a rich man beyond my wildest!As you can see , no matter how old or how young you are , you must see The Fab Four at least 10 times a month , no matter how near or far the venue . Even if you do n't see them on stage , find their addresses and observe them in their normal , day to day lives , `` A Fab Day 's Night , and Day , and Night , and Day ... `` If you 're lucky you may get to see Ron `` in the bath '' with his submarine singing Britania ! Do n't get you hopes up too much though.Sincerely ... A TRUE FAB FAN!P.S . Other than the 1 star rating I gave the cd , this e-mail was a complete joke . The cd blows!Awful . Try again .
 Hello , It seems I am starting to get a few responses from my original `` trashing '' e-mail on The Fab Four 's Christmas CD ... not the band , the CD.I do not feel that this CD review website is the proper forum for people like me -LRB- one who is nauseous and ready to vomit from too many Beatle bands in too little a World -RRB- , so if anyone would like to send me their opinions , ask me why I dislike the whole Beatle Band Universe or just chat ... yes , even about The Beatles , feel free . I welcome any and all of you . Keep in mind . When I critique a Beatle band , or their silly endeavors outside of `` Beatleville '' , I do have years of experience in the field myself to back up my crap and have played with some of the best AND the absolute worst Beatle boys that America has to offer.Bring on your replies to valens4ever@aol.comRitchie P. ... not my real name , you see!This will be my last review/reply/opinion on this page.I 'm out .
 The Beatles just butcher classic Christmas songs . I just do n't like it . Sorry I 'm a Beatles fan too !!!!!!!
 I bought this based on the many 5 star reviews but if there was an option for less than one star I 'd use it . I bought this for my teenage daughter who is a Beatles fanatic but we both laughed and cringed all the way through this and most likely will never listen to it again ... it was horrible . It is good , however , as comic relief ...
 Hi Carrie , Thank you for mentioning my review of The Fab Four 's Christmas CD . On that subject I wanted to point out that , first of all , I do not need to check out the backgrounds of the band , as I personally have known two of them for over ten years ! . You may think that , just because of what they say in their bios , and how they are quoted as being humble , down-to-Earth guys by interviewers , that they a completely ego-free and do n't think more of themselves other than simply being a Beatle band that 's just having a little fun.As of my last two conversations with them , this simply is not true . Making ridiculous amounts of money by playing cover tunes , can turn the most normal guys in the world , into egotistical idiots . I know , because I was in and out of Beatles and other tribute bands from the early 80 's up until a few years ago . Although I never got a huge , swelled head , I did act like we were more than we actually were , which was `` A Cover Band '' . Once again , to set the record straight , The Fab Four are a very good Beatle Tribute act , not quite as good as the original Rain from the late 70 's , early 80 's , but still very good . Time , technological advancements , learning from other bands `` flaws '' and an excellent Paul McCartney impersonator , can make any four guys , with reasonable talent , `` A Great Beatles Band '' . Trust me on this ... I speak from years of experience . Beatle bands are all interchangable . Sort of like Legos.Quite simply , I do not like the cd -LRB- before you say it , I did n't buy it ... I heard clips from the site -RRB- , and it sickens me that the throngs of Beatle bands out there ... great , good , fair or even absolutely HORRIBLE , can quit their day jobs and actually make a living , SIMPLY by performing 20 to 40 of the same Beatles tunes night , after night , after night , after night ... blah , blah , blah.Granted , The Fab Four is good enough to demand that kind of money -LRB- although I would NEVER pay $ 30.00 to see someone imitate The Beatles -RRB- , and I am glad they are doing well , but do n't be fooled by all these bands saying they are 100 % rooted in reality . For the most part , they are not.Again , my opinion , but an opinion based on experience and fact.Peace , love and Rock On Bobby Sherman!Ritchie P. ... find Carmen San Diego and you find me!P.S . If you are a true Beatles fan , as I truly am , and want to check out something VERY , funny , and VERY entertaining , check out The Mop Tops parody film of A Hard Day 's Night , entitled , A Hard Day 's Day ... A Day in the Life of a Beatles Tribute Band.Not only are these guys quite proficient at being a Beatles band , but this movie is right up there with The Rutle 's , `` All You Need is Cash '' . I would much rather see a band spoof the Beatles and themselves , rather than do some goofy rearranging of classic Beatle and Christmas songs.Opinion only.Out .
 In my trashing review of The Fab Four 's Christmas cd , I forgot to mention that the band , as far as the billions of Beatle boy bands out there go , IS actually quite good . Just wanted to point that out.My review of the Christmas cd remains the same . It does indeed blow and is just way too silly to be taken seriously . Perhaps this band should use their talent and write their own material and lose the Beatle alter-egos entirely!The World would be a much better place with a few less bands from Southern California trying to speak Liverpudlian , wearing bad wigs and performing songs from 1966 in Sgt. Pepper suits.Just my opinion of course.Peace , Ritchie P.
 I purchased this CD in Riverside , California.I like the music , but it sounds like familiar sections from Ottmar Liebert , novamenco , Jesse Cook , and others.This CD consists of parts of other artist 's music.He did a good job . But I 'd rather listen to the originals .
 I know that this is mearly a single containing a few songs , but I can definatly say that this is not rage against the machine 's finest work . I only have one question . What happened to the days of the b-side ? Many bands decide to contribute a rare song that would be somewhat new to a single . Instead Rage Against The Machine compiled a few live tracks and called it a day . When I bought this disc I really did n't expect much . I merely collect rage propaganda . I do appreciate their live sound , but I really do need something new and interesting to listen to because `` the battle of los angeles '' just was n't all to great . So unless you 're a die hard rage fan I would n't suggest this single , but if you are , good luck collecting all five versions of this single . You 'd better stick to amazon.com if you want them all ...
 This is a decent cd , but it 's not nearly as mature , listenable and fun as his later Seven Ways is . PVD 's more recent stuff is really getting good and makes this one seem dull in comparison .
 Techno music will fade as with all extreme forms of popular music
 This CD is just lame , boring , re-hashed pseudo-desert rock . The singer 's voice has that annoying Creed-like bellow and the lyrics are some of the dumbest I 've ever heard . -LRB- lots of pointless non-sequiters & pathetic stabs at `` cleverness '' that fall flat . -RRB- It 's all very professional & well-produced , but soul-deadening in it 's mediocrity.Not surprisingly , the local music press in Phoenix has fallen all over themselves to praise this garbage . Equally unsurprising is that no one outside of AZ could care . And neither should you .
 Save your money and just buy any Curve album . Garbage wo n't sound too original anymore .
 Garbage is an alright band . I 'd heard them live BEFORE they became huge . Still , this album fails to match their true potential ... this is really weak .
 I dont know what many people saw in this album , but i feel a rethink is due for . Appaling melodies , pathetic excuses for a beat . And the whining of some over privlaged rock stars who obviously feel as though they deserve more . Any attempt to throw in the odd tune is discarded for some strange attempt at `` art rock '' BORING
 Garbage 's first , self-titled , album was extraordinary . `` 2.0 '' is an overproduced , watered-down , record-label-spawned creation that 's not worthy of the band . It 's not that it 's bad - it 's that it 's not good , and you 'll be better off listening to the first album a hundred times rather than the first fifty times and this one fifty times.My advice to the band ? Ditch the big-name producer and get back into a studio on your own , playing on your own . There , hopefully , you 'll find what you lost in between the first and second albums .
 So , what do these guys do?I 've always tried to listen to this band but have never sucessfully `` gotten into it '' . They seem to have everything -- great production , concrete songwriting ... What went wrong ?! Why do n't these songs stick ? I 'm a big MBV and Curve fan . These guys wrote some classics . Curve seems to have explored all of the dance/rock big sound directions that Garbage rehashed , except their vision far trancends their comparisons . Garbage -LRB- 1,2 , or 3 -RRB- to me just sound like Curve 's Cukoo -LRB- my least favorite curve album . -RRB- Catchy , up-front , textural , rock based with fine treatments/synths ... I have n't figured out what these guys do that is new ? They 're not as dance-trashy as Republica , not as inovative or thick as Curve or like a Blondie stripped of the fun . I do n't feel the emotion . It 's like their purpose is to make a sale rather than make a statement.The whole idea behind this band feels watered down -- like they took all of the sound of the bands mentioned above and regurgitated it into a language the average teenager can divoir . This , to me , is n't the most respectable approach to songwriting . Creed took a lot of flack for rehashing Pearl Jam , but they sold records.I do n't think Garbage is that bad . I 'd perfer it to Nelly . Garbage skip over inovation and jump right to the point -- a flashy pop song . Hooray -- producers who figured out how to churn out some albums . This stuff should be my style -- just like Oasis . Everything in the genre is great BUT them.If youre enraged by this review you should pick up Curve 's Doppelganger or Dubstar 's Goodbye -- there 's new stuff in there for you . The new Ladytron is a sincere emotive effort too . If your not angry at something get a good Blondie album -LRB- or you should steal -LSB- not buy -RSB- the new Gwen Stefani then slit your wrists -RRB- .
 Songwriting lacks creativity , almost all straight major chords . Singer has good voice . There 's much better electronica available .
 I give this effort one star -- for ambition . The rest is just blank air . The lead singer emotes like a tin can and the music is a good reason why grunge is dying . This album gives us good reason why the band is named GARBAGE .
 I 'm going to avoid making any bad garbage/trash jokes and explain precisely why the eagerly anticipated follow-up to Garbage 's seminal debut is only worthy of two stars . Quite simply , it 's so good it 's really awful . Confused ? Let me elaborate ... Every song on this album is great . You listen to it and realise just how far Garbage has matured as a band . The songs are incredibly well written , the vocals fit perfectly with the music , the loops slide seamlessly into one another , it 's catchy , it 's harmonious , it 's ... well , to be honest , dull . I listened to the whole album and during every song I said to myself
 I expected a lot more from Garbage . I bought this cd in hopes that it would be really great but only found satisfaction with four songs out of the rest of the 12 tracks . Three of these four songs are out on the radio anyway . My rating ? I 'll give version 2.0 a C + for a good attempt
 Garbage has great potential , but honestly , I expected something better than this . The first disk was wonderful
 The band tried to pioneer a little too much into dance and electronica too early . Though `` The Trick ... '' was the only good song with their new sound , `` Hammering ... '' and `` Sleep Together '' seem to be overusing the guitar sound , ruining two of the twelve songs.If Garbage wants to adjust their sound a little bit , they should stick to the elements of `` Special '' and `` The Trick ... '' and go from there .
 This record gives one a nightmare . This kind of music needs to stay in the nineties where it belongs .
 This album is the epitome of ear candy . Yes it sounds very fun and `` modern '' , but repeated listening reveals a hollow core to the music . Particularly grating is Shirley Manson 's pathetic attempt at being a mildly threatening , yet introspective sex symbol . When you ignore Manson 's nauseating and pretentious lyrics , there is still the problem of the highly derivative nature of the music . There is not a single song on this album that does not `` reference '' an already relatively well-known song.The uninspired lyrics and derivative music can be overlooked if the music is good . But the music lacks `` soul '' . `` Soul '' is something intangible , but I think it shows through when you give music close , repeated listening . A truly good , `` soulful '' album should grow better each time you listen , revealing more depth . I 've listen to this album in its entirety many times and the music on the album dimishes with each listen . I guess you have to listen to the album a lot to understand what I 'm saying . So borrow a friend 's album or just take my word for it.So one star for the band 's decent grasp of pop music , and another star for the band 's studio tricks . Sure , this album is nice to listen to when you 're driving around the town now , but you wo n't be reaching for this album very often 5 years down the line .
 The single was good , did n't like anything else
 As a once die-hard fan of Kylie Minogue , I absolutley adored this album when it was origanally released back in 1989 . Now it sounds like a typical late 80 's Stock , aikten And Waterman vehicle for a star that has serious limitations to her singing . Kylie 's voice is at it 's most nasal on this album . It 's a little better than her now dreadful debut , Kylie -LRB- 1988 -RRB- but there is nothing really outstanding on here . It 's a string of bouncy , undeniably infectious pop tunes such as the memroable , I Would 'n Change A Thing , but on listening to this album a few weeks ago for the first time in several years , it now sounds terribly dated to it 's era . The title track , Enjoy Yourself , is an upbeat , sassy affair whilst the remainder of the album which features the familiar hits , It 's Never Too Late , hand On Your Heart and her saccharine assault on her version of Tears On My Pillow , are merley just routine , shallow productions , lacking depth , flair and versatality - although her later albums such as Kylie Minogue -LRB- 1994 -RRB- and Light Years -LRB- 2000 -RRB- would be satisfying , worth while albums . Kylie squeaks her way through this album , making it all rather bland . For die-hard fans only .
 Following her incredibly -LRB- and deservedly -RRB- successful debut , Kylie released her followup , a uneven mix of perfect pop and subpar tunes by Stock Aitken Waterman . `` Hand on Your Heart '' gets off to a promising start with its catchy chorus and neo-disco beat . The breezy `` Never Too Late '' works in a similar vein , as does `` Nothing to Lose . '' But `` Enjoy Yourself '' loses altitude real fast after that . First off , there 's the misguided cover of `` Tears on My Pillow , '' the lazy pop of `` I 'm Over Dreaming -LRB- Over You -RRB- , '' and the cringeworthy `` message '' song `` Heaven and Earth . '' Quite frankly , the whole album sounds rushed , as if SAW did n't pay too much attention to the songs and needed to get their product out to earn a quick buck . Minogue went on to release the superior `` Rhythm of Love , '' but were it not for just a handful of singles , `` Enjoy Yourself '' would have been a dud . Save this one for the Minogue obsessives like myself .
 This is not rap buy rap albums like Nas and KRS-One and Rakim and Big Daddy Kane and Tupac and Kweli and Aesop Rock and even Necro those are all real rappers these are all wannabe thugs .
 I guess my tastes have changed . They were good back in the day , but I find it annoying now . I gave the cd away and took it out of itunes . I did n't even want to save the music . I 'm not saying it 's bad music ... I just do n't care for it anymore .
 i THINK YOU SHOULD BUY THIS DVD BUT WHY CA N'T ELIZA RELEASE A LIVE SHOW THAT LAST MORE THAN 55 MINUTES !!!!! PLUS IT 'S 2007 NOT 2002 . WHAT 'S THE PROBLEM EILZA ???????????????????? ARE YOU OWNED BY THE RECORD COMPANY ???????????? THANKS AT LEAST FOR THE LATEST LIVE CD
 I got this CD after seeing what I remembered as a decent video on Fuse TV . Maybe I was half-asleep , because after listening to this ho-hum entry into the world of emo copycats , I ca n't even remember or recognize which song it was . This album is ultimately forgettable -- better off listening to any Jimmy Eat World CD again and again , which is actually an enjoyable experience .
 It seems Matranga has been hanging around so many bad emo bands for so long at this point , he has forgotten how to write any decent music at all , and has traded it all in hoping to cash in by writing really bad pop songs . These are awful . The more upbeat ones are the worst tracks , but there are n't actually any good ones either . We felt ripped off .
 ... Is nothing . Their Seattle show was really dull , the cd , which I bought on the way out after meeting the band , was worse . Sorry , I felt like it was the thing to do after the show , hoping it would be better , but it 's really , well , just dull too . So I spent about $ 50 between tickets and souvenirs that night , and even though its not possible now , I was sort of wishing for a refund .
 I 'm sure there are people out there who ca n't get enough of the pop rock emotional screamy thing . Hence the 1 star . However I have to cut this star in half , because of misrepresentation of who they say they sound like and being enticed into buying it based on what they say , and therefore being misled into a $ 16 purchase which left a hole in my already poor pockets . They say in their interviews they sound like a cross between U2 and Green Day . Excuse me ? Please , show us where , exactly . Where ? It 's just an unfair comparison to the buyer who likes those two bands and thinks they 're getting more of that , because from the very first track , I just get the screamy emotional thing out of it . It 's relentless here , in a ballady rock way . Not a U2 or Green Day way . I trusted the interviews . The bad poetry , with rhymes like `` scars / stars / bars '' . The simple chord progressions with the emphasis on the banging away at the same chord 5 times and then going to the next obvious one . The half-wimpering half-screamy half-emo vocals . There must be kids out there who like this style of music , they wrote it for someone who must , but the deceptive advertising in the interviews I 've read that makes you want to buy it based on who they say they sound like , and who they really sound like is not right . Although the new U2 and the new Green Day are both pretty much what I expected .
 I ca n't help but picture the Saturday Night Live sketch with Christopher Walken in the studio with Blue Oyster Cult , pushing them for a slick commercial big - hit production for a major label , demanding `` MORE COWBELL !! '' Jim Scott has produced some big almost-extinct dinosaurs back in the day , but that was in the last century , so the guy must be in a bit of a time warp here , looking for something to revive his career . This band does n't quite seem to be able to pull it off regardless , and why would they even want to ? This is that album , only Walken is played by Jim Scott , and Blue Oyster Cult is played by whoever these guys are . I only checked it out because I kept getting these big flashy Atlantic email ads , but I should have realized I might not be taking the best chance when they were next to the ad that said `` Read Mudvayne 's Tour Journal , click here ! '' I 'm bein ' serious . Anyway - more cowbell ! Does n't that fix everything ?
 They have pulled together a few decent songs , but 70 % of the album is way too sappy for me . Final verdict
 My sister got this cd for me and put it in my Easter Basket . Is it too late to exchange it for some after-holiday halfprice Easter chocolate ? Does Amazon even offer that ? If not , for now , my copy is now listed over at Half dot com . I want my chocolate , even if the ear is broken off , it 'll still be a better deal .
 You have to have a lot of patience to get through this album . It hosts mediocre songs with forgettable lyrics , droney vocals , unimpressive instrumentals , but with a slick production that tries to fix everything and tie it all together . Who do they think they 're fooling ? It 's not dull , it 's just difficult to like at all . If you want my copy , head on over to Ebay , it 's used but in mint condition .
 be warned , if you are not a trendy teenage emo poser who enjoys whiny off key singing -LRB- which is somehow considered hardcore -RRB- and nonsense bad poetry for lyrics , then you 're not gon na like this album . this is not punk , this is not emo , they are a pop rock group . Seriously . I 'm tired of all this sappy emo crap that 's been coming out in the past couple of years . In 20 years do you really want people to look back and remember us as the emo generation ? Because I sure as hell do n't . This CD is the biggest waste of money . DO NOT BUY . This CD is my dogs new chew toy.Why try to mold your sound into wimpy MTV `` Yellowcard '' cookie cutter waste . I have tried to give this CD several listens in an effort to let it grow on me . Did n't work . I do not recommend this CD if you are tired of being let down . This album is a huge step in the wrong direction.Stay clear of this album by all means . My copy is already residing at the local used cd store . This band had great promise , it is too bad what has happened.For the first time in my life an album has left me speechless , and not in a good way . I 'm still trying to grasp the concept of how they could actually put something like this out . The Used are a good band , but this cd is not . Lyrics are mediocre at best , and the melodies sound like ... like ... for lack of a better word , horrible . Nothing original here like the self-titled album . Just bunch of crap tied together , to make more crap , so that it can be spoon fed to the highest music consumer market ... little teenage girls . should have been more like ` whatever originality we had , we just lost with this album . '
 It is astonishing what major label hype and marketing can do for a band that is getting on in years but is making their first attempt at music together as individuals
 Why the heck did i buy this CD ? i have no clue . . i was under the influence of the new emo generation , all of this stuff sounds the same to me . . theres no originality or emotion in this stuff ... its just the same thing with a diffrent package on it . . My opinion ? quit whining and listen to REAL music.If you like this cd check out
 This could be the sound track , being the never ending record that it is . It just keeps going and going and going . Does an Energizer Bunny proud . It 's like a broken record , only after a while when it has nothing new to say , you sort of just tune it out . It also sounds like it lacks sincerity , it sort of sounds like it 's trying to follow a formula , and as a result it 's really predictable from one line to the next , so it comes off sounding a little shallow in quality.Once it was out of my cd player , i found it difficult to ever want to play it again at any point , because it 's just long , you find you 're just waiting for it to end after a while . It 's sorta forgettable , like one of those cds you see a year from now in the cut-out bin at the record shop , and you see cover and vaguely remember it . The sound is just very generic at best .
 I thought it was odd that they edited a song on here , but they still left in all the bad parts , being the other 12 songs . -LRB- shrugs -RRB-
 I think I remember seeing this band name on TRL once , and then I saw this band on the list of groups playing Warped Tour this year , and since my uncle is driving me to the festival , I figured I 'd check 'em out . It 's not what i expected , but maybe my uncle will like them if he comes in to the festival with me , or else if maybe they write new songs by then . It 's allright , though . -LRB- I 'm going to see MXPX and All American Rejects there this year , as long as it does n't rain -RRB-
 Matranga has traded in the cool tshirts he used to wear , the ones with the important social commentary messages on them to get you thinking outside the box , for silly black satin shirts that fly open in the wind on the beach for his glossy band shots , in an apparent attempt to look like Brandon Boyd of Incubus , although not nearly as youthful enough to pull the look off . The first red flag this album spells trouble . He also wears the same shirt in the new slick magazine ads you see for Peta2 , and then openly admits online to opting for lunch in a mall , and choosing the chicken soup off the menu -LRB- yeah , we 're pretty sure mall chicken soup is always free-range , no worries there -RRB- . Should n't someone be contacting the magazine that accidentally ignorantly included Matranga on their `` Hottest Vegetarians '' list ? Oops , how embarrassing to be deceived so publically by someone who claims to be so open and honest with everyone . This though , believe it or not is still not the height of hypocracy - read on.Now let 's focus on the music . We have to start by admitting that we had a hard time getting anywhere past `` This Is The Part '' , which the band stupidly opted to CENSOR in an attempt to appease whoever they 're afraid of , to avoid a warning label , or sell more records , or whatever their reasons are ... but to us , we just see it as a compromise of any shred of integrity they had left as artists , by allowing/agreeing to censorship of their own art . For this , we have not a thread of respect left for them at this point in the review , so we do n't even want to continue the review of the album . The rest of it lost all credibility with us after the point of edit . We would have emailed him directly ourselves , but apparently he is a fan of censorship on his own website too , because as he seems to warn before you post
 I can not pin point it down however I found this album release almost impossible to listen too . Every song sounded too rough and jagged for my ears and the songs seemed to not flow together like they do expertly in other FLA releases . This is a release from 1992 at the beginnings of FLA. . I am slowly getting every FLA album from first to latest . I have normally been able to find at least one song to like but on this album all the songs were rough and sounded like I was listening to a car manufacturing plant in progress .
 This is NOT `` The Very Best Of Trini Lopez . '' Rather , it 's a collection of songs he recently re-recorded . The production quality is poor , he has minimal back-up , and his voice is , sadly , a minimal reflection of when he originally recorded these songs 30 or more years ago . Go with something else , and avoid this one .
 I have searched desperately for this track . However , I am looking to find some type of clip with the refrain of `` Dancing Queen '' in it for my friend . He has not heard the song and this portion does not allow me to show him what a great song it is . Is there some way we could tap into more or is there a site that you would recommend ? Can you help ? Thank you so much . Christy
 Now that I have your attention , I would like to explain why . Firstly I have owned the vinyl copy of this since it 's release and the album is amazing and something everyone should own BUT these early Young releases are in need of remastering especialy if you own a decent sound system . Young has been sitting on his a ** way too long to release remasters . Rumour has it he wants a certain sound and an artist has that right but in the meantime clean these up and release them for us living in a digital world . Perhaps if the catalogue slows down pressure will be brought to bear .
 Why are those four bars still missing at the end of the guitar solo in `` Southern Man '' ? This was my main reason for buying this cd and again I 've been fooled . Those were fours were there in 1970 and to my mind they should be edited back in . Do n't make the same mistake as me !
 I bought this opened it up played it distorted crackles slightly off centered all over the place . The original 1970 prob sounds better . I was sad . I did buy on vinyl Everybody knows and it was better . Must be a hit or miss with vinyl these days .
 I can sum it up in one sentence
 This has long been one of my favorite records and I was excited about the new master -- his recent Live at Canterbury House is pristine -- but I found the sound on this very muddled -- I thought my speakers -LRB- B&W ; 703 -RRB- were blown , or my Rotel 1069 pre amp -- but it sounds the same on another amp , in my car . The Loner sounds better though ... As another reviewer said , I 'm not sure you can tell much difference .
 I feel that you should take these reviews with a grain of salt . My opinion of Loves Secret Domain should not influence your decision to buy it or not . Most of the reviews written with regards to LSD , give it a high level of praise and claim that it changed electronic music . I disagree . I love the music Coil has created over the years , but will not praise something just because of who 's name is on it . Peoples ideas and inspiration fluctuate leaving the possibility for releases that vary greatly from one to the next . As far as changing electronic music , you should ask yourself who are these people to say what changes musical direction , and how do they measure such a thing . The Orb , and Aphex Twin are two examples of people that could 've been given credit for the same thing , -LRB- and yes , at the same time as LSD -RRB- 1991 . In my opinion Aphex Twins editing and musical restructuring offered a different view of rhythem , and engaged the listener with something they were n't used to hearing . The Orb on the other hand , create a wall of sound that continually moves and changes , and at times almost sounds as if it were a living , breathing piece of music , -LRB- whatever that sounds like ? -RRB- . With LSD I hear the attempts of a contemporary sounding album . I do hear the Coil I love in areas , but for the most part I hear sounds that are timestamped where you can place them in a certain period of time in musical trends very easily . The Orb 's earlier stuff is also that way somewhat but seems to have weathered a lot better . If you are a person who only listens to `` dark '' music , or any one kind of music for that matter , for the sake of keeping inside the boundaries of some imaginary sub-culture , then you probably wo n't tread too far from the path . But if you are interested in progressive music that challenges the ideas of the time , and engages the listener , then there are Coil albums before LSD that do a much better job -LRB- Horse Rotovator -RRB- , and plenty albums after LSD , -LRB- Astral Disaster -RRB- . And speaking of `` the most accesible Coil release '' , how many Coil fans listen to Coil because they are interested in hearing some sort of widely enjoyable musical trend ? Are n't the best moments the ones that disturb preconceptions , and beckon the listener to rethink their ideas of musical experience ? Overpraise leads to people trying to rip other people off . I was lucky enough to only pay $ 37.00 for LSD -LRB- more than double the cost of a brand new CD at full price -RRB- . But I see it for sell now at something like $ 113.00 ! Get real . I also purchased Summer Solstice for $ 24.00 , and when it arrived it had an instore price tag from the place I bought it from for $ 6.00 . So my point is that if you like something , thats fine , but when you praise it so much that it results in sellers ripping people off , it hurts others who may be interested in hearing it , but pass on it because of the ridiculously high price . I give it 2 stars , but that is just for Coil Releases .
 Summer Wind by Frank Sinatra is n't even on it .
 I purchased this cd thinking I was getting the ORIGINAL soundtrack with ALL the film tracks . The lesson I have learned is -LRB- a -RRB- never assume anything and -LRB- b -RRB- always read the fine print .
 No Beyond the Sea ? No This Town ? No Summer Wind ? NO SALE !!!!
 I am trying to find a specific CD , and I ca n't do that when I am told that there is only one song on the CD . If , however , there really is only one song , then I apologize . If not , I would like to be informed of the other songs , or why there is only one . There is also another one with untitled songs also by Ice T. THANK YOU
 I can not pin point it down however I found this album release almost impossible to listen too . Every song sounded too rough and jagged for my ears and the songs seemed to not flow together like they do expertly in other FLA releases . This is a release from 1992 at the beginnings of FLA. . I am slowly getting every FLA album from first to latest . I have normally been able to find at least one song to like but on this album all the songs were rough and sounded like I was listening to a car manufacturing plant in progress .
 This Cd was terrible and it should n't have been released . I was feeling the first song -LRB- Free -RRB- thinking that she was going to have a good album . Since it was entitled Good Life . She does n't show a Good Life at all
 I heard one song on the internet and bought the CD . Now I wish I had n't . It sounded alright the first time around , but this CD just sounds a little bit worse each time I listen to it . Next time my music-savvy , hip friends in Austin throw a euro-trash , techno party , I 'll be ready ...
 I was never a fan of the kind of dance music the KLF used to put out , but I am a devoted fan of ambient electronic music . Reviews on this and other sites assert that Chill Out is a great and influential album . There 's no way for me to argue against the latter point , though I hope someone knowledgeable about the dance/house scene does . I strongly dispute any claim to greatness this record makes . I have been listening to ambient electronic music going back to the '60s and think there is nothing original or even remotely interesting on Chill Out . I found the pseudo-classical synth lines extremely annoying and pointless . To me the sampling on this record has no method . An earlier review on this page called the album a collection of strategically placed sounds . I think that someone just sampled a couple of ranting preachers , twiddled with an arpeggiator , did n't think too much about overall levels , repeated sections to make it seem like there 's some structure -- despite the whole point of ambient music 's avoiding traditionally conceived structures -- and mastered it all into what is ultimately a manufactured loaf of sonic head-cheese . All ego and pretention , without a trace of subtlety . I love ambient house music when it 's done right , but chilling out seems to be more what the KLF were doing while assembling this record and less what the listener feels like doing while it 's playing .
 The album seems to be on a lot of `` must have '' lists in the ambient genre but it fails to live up to it 's own reputation . The music soundscapes are dated and incohesive . KLF does not stay on target and they 're all over the place as if they could n't decide on the concept for Chill Out , if it was ambient or techno . Poor choice of dialog and audio samples makes it at times irritating , and an excessive amount of country influence used which takes away from the electronic space ambient feel . Some of the sound design is good but for the most part it 's uninspiring and plays out as a demo CD . For ambent techno music of this style I 'd refer to The Orb 's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld for a better starting point .
 i warn you that this record will not appeal to the masses or anyone in there right mind . the sounds from it do not chill you out rather more like fustrate you in thinking that you 've bought anything other than an amature taping of your local farm . the high point being a blaaap from a sheep on the front cover -LRB- i think its the non-conformist rebel on the left -RRB- . dont get me wrong , i love the KLF they 're brilliant ! but this record is just not right , in many ways .
 Oh dear , oh dear ... Just imagine my suprise when I arrived home after having shelled out an ENORMOUS amount of money for this and slipped it into my CD player . I thought there was something odd when after 7 minutes there was till no music . This inital disappointment gave way to stunned disbelief when I realised that I 'd just purchased 44 -LRB- that 's forty-four , ladies and gentlemen -RRB- minutes of sampled sheep , radios , trains ... I keep reading that this `` album '' was a groundbreaker in its genre . Well that may be , but it 's still a rip-off in my opinion . And it was recorded `` live '' , whatever that means .
 if you like this sort of thing , meaning random sounds that can get kind of annoying and have no point then buy this - and dont be mislead - this is not an album to chill to like you can with Air or Morcheeba - it is not even music except for like the occasional sample of some . I even recently read in an article that this album was an intentional joke on the consumer industry by KLF . I dont understand the hype .
 I love KLF 's White Room album . I thought that this `` Chill Out '' would be the same style , but I was wrong . This CD has no dance/techno musics . This is calm . Very calm music . Perfect for trying suicide after listening to it . I do not recommend . Stay away of this CD . If you like KLF , try the White Room .
 Expecting this CD to sound similiar to The White Room -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- but only more chilled , I was rather disapointed to find after listening to it , it was basically a train trip with snippets of music in between . Not what I expected from KLF .
 Not that I 've bought a lot , but I must have a couple of dozen.The recording quality is poor , the Manhatten Transfer song was a cacaphony of noise , the duet had a giggle in it , at least one song cut out -LRB- no phase -RRB- , singers voices were picked up by distant mics , etc.Big , big disappointment . If I could , I 'd return it in a flash !
 Well , not so much a review as a warning . Bought this disc . It 's ok as a complitaltion , lot of predictable stuff , not so much NEW . Anyways , playing the second disc ` traditional ' , got to track 12 and then CUT OFF midway ! ... no data ! , tracks 13,14,15 SILENT !! So mailed the record company , like ... where 's my tracks ? and my new disc ? ... they were like ... uh ! NO ! that 's not OUR responsibility ... try the seller ! I was like ... NO ! that IS your responsibility ... why should the seller have to wipe your a ** e , ` cos your shiftin ' dodgy , sub-standard gear ? accept YOUR responsibilty . We got no further , and I still have the disc . And it still grates me when it cuts off.There are better compilations out there , and better still full albums of these and other talented artists . My advice dig a bit deeper . Love and respect to the musicians contained on the CDs .
 I can not pin point it down however I found this album release almost impossible to listen too . Every song sounded too rough and jagged for my ears and the songs seemed to not flow together like they do expertly in other FLA releases . This is a release from 1992 at the beginnings of FLA. . I am slowly getting every FLA album from first to latest . I have normally been able to find at least one song to like but on this album all the songs were rough and sounded like I was listening to a car manufacturing plant in progress .
 Since there was no description or editorial review for this item , I purchased it thinking it may contain some until now unknown recordings of the Fab Four . If you are about to do the same ... do n't ! This is simply an audio book with the Beatles ' history in about an hour . It is nice and probably very good for someone just getting to know them , but for the true fans there will be no revelations since all the material has been covered before . And there is also no music by the Beatles whatsoever , though there are a few audio clips of interviews with them -LRB- which you have already heard -RRB- . There is a single Beatle-like backtrack that repeats throughout the reading , but that is as much music as you will get out of this CD .
 13 above the night , Confessions of a knife , I see good spirits ... now those are great albums . This one just is n't .
 Certainly not my cup of tea . So you 'll know what to expect
 This album starts off good with the instrumental track `` The Cold Call '' but after that it 's all down hill . What really hurts this record , and . Adult in general , are the vocals . They seem to be going for a tongue-in-cheek Berlin-esque mono-tone that really comes across as silly and annoying . The minimalist electro beats and synth programming is actually really well done . I liked . Adult 's first record , I think they hit the mark with that effort but this one does n't really expand on their previous work , instead they brought the vocal mix up and the stark robotic mono-tone just overpowers the music -LRB- which is virtually the same set of analog 808 acid beats as on `` Resuscitation '' -RRB- . It does n't help that the lyrics are intentionally silly and sometimes just so stupid that it all just becomes aggravating
 aside from 2 great tracks on their previous album , and another one on a compilation , `` adult '' for the most part blows . i found nothing that remotely grabbed me on this release , and i gave it three listens , but i never got through being able to listen to a song beginning to end . i just did n't liek anything here . other than that , the cover photo is pretty cool , but the one on the inside sleeve with the duo putting glue on their eyes is pretty lame . i 'm gon na exchange this . for something WAY better , try # 1 from FISCHERSPOONER .
 When I buy a CD of Mia X I would like to have Mia X. On the CD a little more then she was . I liked Her CD called Unladylike better then this one
 I 'd rather watch some little old lady bump her artificial hip to `` Whoomp ! There It Is ! '' at a wedding . Pass it up unless you 're a G or a wigger .
 Mia X has gone through master p 's school of make bad albums but make lots of them . this album really fails to hit the spot comprising weak raps -LRB- except snoop , mystikal and silk -RRB- and even weaker production . the best song is ` imma shine ' so if you have napster get that but whatever you do do not buy this . if you 're gon na buy a no limit soldier 's album get any of mystikal 's or snoop - NOT THIS !!
 sorry to all no limit fans if you wan na hot album by a no limit mc get mercedes even tho she dosent rhyme always she still got more skills than mia i usually like mia but this album i dont listen to to much
 I feel that you should take these reviews with a grain of salt . My opinion of Loves Secret Domain should not influence your decision to buy it or not . Most of the reviews written with regards to LSD , give it a high level of praise and claim that it changed electronic music . I disagree . I love the music Coil has created over the years , but will not praise something just because of who 's name is on it . Peoples ideas and inspiration fluctuate leaving the possibility for releases that vary greatly from one to the next . As far as changing electronic music , you should ask yourself who are these people to say what changes musical direction , and how do they measure such a thing . The Orb , and Aphex Twin are two examples of people that could 've been given credit for the same thing , -LRB- and yes , at the same time as LSD -RRB- 1991 . In my opinion Aphex Twins editing and musical restructuring offered a different view of rhythem , and engaged the listener with something they were n't used to hearing . The Orb on the other hand , create a wall of sound that continually moves and changes , and at times almost sounds as if it were a living , breathing piece of music , -LRB- whatever that sounds like ? -RRB- . With LSD I hear the attempts of a contemporary sounding album . I do hear the Coil I love in areas , but for the most part I hear sounds that are timestamped where you can place them in a certain period of time in musical trends very easily . The Orb 's earlier stuff is also that way somewhat but seems to have weathered a lot better . If you are a person who only listens to `` dark '' music , or any one kind of music for that matter , for the sake of keeping inside the boundaries of some imaginary sub-culture , then you probably wo n't tread too far from the path . But if you are interested in progressive music that challenges the ideas of the time , and engages the listener , then there are Coil albums before LSD that do a much better job -LRB- Horse Rotovator -RRB- , and plenty albums after LSD , -LRB- Astral Disaster -RRB- . And speaking of `` the most accesible Coil release '' , how many Coil fans listen to Coil because they are interested in hearing some sort of widely enjoyable musical trend ? Are n't the best moments the ones that disturb preconceptions , and beckon the listener to rethink their ideas of musical experience ? Overpraise leads to people trying to rip other people off . I was lucky enough to only pay $ 37.00 for LSD -LRB- more than double the cost of a brand new CD at full price -RRB- . But I see it for sell now at something like $ 113.00 ! Get real . I also purchased Summer Solstice for $ 24.00 , and when it arrived it had an instore price tag from the place I bought it from for $ 6.00 . So my point is that if you like something , thats fine , but when you praise it so much that it results in sellers ripping people off , it hurts others who may be interested in hearing it , but pass on it because of the ridiculously high price . I give it 2 stars , but that is just for Coil Releases .
 Hoping for something akin to the fun , peppy tunes we all enjoyed in the TV series , I grabbed this so-called `` soundtrack '' to a French AbFab rip-off . Even the French admit it was a miserable attempt to capture the fun and spirit of the British series . The soundtrack is mostly pop-schlock and old standards . Ho hum . There is a handful of original soundtrack source music , but except for the pleasant `` Champagne Champagne -LRB- slow version -RRB- , '' it 's all variations of the same low-tech techno and it all sounds drearily alike . And nowhere is there even a variation of the beloved `` Wheels on Fire '' theme . Save your Euros , sweetie darling .
 I think the song sounds like everyone elses music . I think def jam soul needs some fresh new creative sound .
 hello metallians , what hurts this albums is this - most of the songs here and i mean nearly each song is all about the return of ironfire and stuff like we are back as iron heads and so on . that is cool to an extent but they do not let up about it . they spend to much of the album trying to make a point to the people who almost ruined their career before . you will hear them sing about how they are back and proud and strong and no one could bring them down and so on . their self titled debut was heavy on the cheese factor side but it had an allure that made it different from the rest and a unique sound found only on that album . i loved the guitar sound . the speed and mellody . if that album had a decent singer it would have took the scene by storm . any way this cd is a let down . some of the songs are good but not many . ive not listened to this in a while and i cant remember not one chorus , if that tells you anything . if u find it at a flea market for a buck then by all means get it , but take my advice and stick to bands like primal fear , running wild , freedom call , rhapsody and so on
 13 above the night , Confessions of a knife , I see good spirits ... now those are great albums . This one just is n't .
 This album is a waste of time . Buy Retro or the singles . It 'll save you money -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- and get you the best tracks on the album ... -LRB- Not saying much -RRB-
 After they fired the English band they slipped to turning out this rubbish . Bloody awful . Kimno was great and the rest of the stuff they put out was fairly dreadful .
 The Hollywood Rocks documentary DVD is a companion piece to the book and CD box set of the same name from Cleopatra Records . Like the book and box set , the DVD attempts to chronicle the rise and fall of the Sunset Strip hair metal scene . Unfortunately the DVD fails to live up to the quality of the book and box set.Unlike the book and box set , the Hollywood Rocks DVD focuses on a select few artists from the scene , most of which are lesser known acts . The only `` A-listers '' that participate are Warrant 's Jani Lane , C.C. Deville from Poison , Quiet Riot 's Kevin Dubrow -LRB- RIP -RRB- , Tracii Guns from L.A. Guns , and Great White 's Jack Russell . The rest of the commentary comes from members of Jetboy , D'Molls , XYZ , Keel , Hollywood Rose , Odin , and other minor players in the scene.If the DVD focused on these guys and what they had to say , it probably would have been a lot more effective . Instead , a huge chunk of time was spent on pointless , repetitive close-up shots of photos from the Hollywood Rocks book with cheesy , Powerpoint-lite special effects . The soundtrack is also weak , relying on what seemed like the same half dozen songs over and over . We get it ; Cleopatra released the Hollywood Rose demos . Enough already ! The 4-discHollywood Rocks
 I bought this used and did n't pay much for it but will likely try to re-sell it on ebay . I do n't plan on keeping it . It was a big disappointment . There were scant few interviews with any big name hair/metal bands from the 80 's . Jani Lane did some interview footage , but since he 's been kicked out of Warrant , the interview is sort of pointless . I 'm a huge Cinderella fan and the only one they interviewed was drummer Fred Coury who I love , but he had little actual talk time and there were no other interviews talking about Cinderella or any clips of their videos or songs . There was not a lot of time spent on Poison either . If they could have cut out all the x-rated clips of naked women dancing , there would have been more time to have put in footage of things that people would have actually wanted to have seen and heard . It did seem very poor quality overall . It was a waste of time to watch actually . I 'd give it no stars if I could .
 Be warned this dvd is not what u might think ... . Although the box looks Awesome the contents are very different ... . This dvd looks to me to have been made with a camcorder and someone running around L.A filming whoever and what ever looks 80s hahah ... at one point the camera holds on a Girl . -LRB- and im thinkn who is she ? -RRB- no context whats so ever ... Dont buy this if u have already seen A HEADBANGERS JOURNEY because u will be very disappointed ... this will go into the back of the collection .
 `` Live In Las Vegas . '' `` Live In Cincinnati . '' `` Live In Auburn '' `` Live In Mansfield . '' And now we have to hear `` Live In Hawaii '' ? All from the same tour . All containing almost identically lifeless versions of basically the same songs . Hang it up , Jimmy . I 'm sorry . I really used to be a big fan , but this is just taking advantage of your audience 's loyalty to the extreme . And yes , like the fool I am , I bought it , but this is the last time.Do yourselves a gigantic favor other Parrotheads . Buy Bill Jabanoski 's newest CD `` Key West , Florida ... Island Of Dreams '' which is sensational or the great `` The Key West Party CD '' instead of this if you want that Key West sound .
 I agree with the reviewer Jackie Flanigan from Maine totally . While `` License To Chill '' was n't all that great , it had its moments . This is just a ripoff , plain and simple . FIVE live albums from the same tour ? A duet with Mister `` Tiny Bubbles '' Don Ho ? Oh , I forgot the great BONUS . A fifteen minute DVD . You 're right on the money , jackie from Maine when you tell people to get Jabanoski 's `` Key West . . Island Of Dreams '' instead . That is a WONDERFUL , FUN trip to the tropics , instead of this ripoff . I also recommend a CD by another Key West performer , Liz O'Connor , called `` Legacy Of Love . '' Whatever you do , though , DO N'T BUY THIS ONE , especially if you 're stupid like me and already own the other four or even one of them .
 WHILE THIS IS A LIVE CD JIMMY SOUNDS A BIG OUT OF VOICE - A BIT OFF KEY - AND A BIT STALE ... GUESS IT WAS THE END OF TOUR OR MAYBE TOO MUCH TIME IN THE TIKIT HUT BAR . dISAPPOINTING SOUND QUALITY AS WELL
 I really hate to give such a low rating to any Jimmy Buffett album . His music has brought a lot of happiness into my life and made some of the hard times easier to deal with , and I love almost all of his songs . But his recent series of `` Live in ... '' CDs really does n't make the grade . Why not ? For one thing , he already had three terrific live albums , which encompassed different points of his carer and did a great job of it . That alone made the new ones unnecessary unless he did something unique with them , which he did n't . Also , the performance on `` Live in Hawaii , '' at least , is n't that impressive . He hits quite a few wrong notes and often sounds downright bored , and most of the songs sound awfully thin compared to the original versions . I ca n't speak for whether the other CDs in the series are any better , because after listening to this one , I have no intention of buying them.If you only have it in your budget for one live Buffett album , `` You Had To Be There '' ca n't be beat . For a more representative cross-section of his career as a whole , `` Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays '' is great . Unless you 're a completist , do n't bother with these newer ones .
 I guess I 'm luckier than some of the others who 've written reviews here . I only bought `` LIVE IN LAS VEGAS '' and `` LIVE IN MANSFIELD '' and gave the other two a pass because they seemed like nothing more than repeats of what were n't very good CD 's in the first place . My girlfriend bought this one for me and I 'm sorry she wasted her money . Talk about milking your loyal fans . It 's the same damn thing ! Only this time , like someone wrote , he 's even singing with Don Ho to make himself even more ridiculous.I have n't heard the other CD 's from Key West performers that others who have written here suggest , but I 'm going to give them a try . I know that Jabanoski 's `` KEY WEST PARTY CD '' was a million seller and I hear O'Connor is really popular too . I guess this old Parrothead has to search for these new Key West artists . I do n't mind that Jimmy is n't as good as he used to be . I do mind that he just wants to line the pockets us fans have already over stuffed by making you feel like a clown for giving him the money for this repetetive garbage .
 I was so disapointed that the DVD was only 15 minutes long . I love to watch the Jimmy fans acting crazy . All the other CD 's with DVD were so much more fun than this one was .
 Dang ... I like JB ok , but how many cds is he going to put out with the same old stuff ? It 's like the man has a `` new '' cd out every week . I have his boxed set ... that 's enough .
 What a dud . Lackluster versions of holiday favorites , especially disappointing because it 's from Frank . The whole album is overproduced -LRB- all Frank is overproduced , but usually in a good way -RRB- in all the wrong directions . The `` Twelve Days of Christmas '' is the biggest stinker of them all with its terrible rewritten lyrics sung by Frank 's terribly un-talented offspring . Stick with JOLLY CHRISTMAS from Capitol and you 'll ring-a-ding-ding in the holiday season in style .
 Of the three Sinatra Christmas CDs available , this one is the runt of the litter . While its hard to criticize a Sinatra CD this one is dragged down by his strange lack of emotion in his singing , his questionable choice of obscure Christmas songs and the dubious decision to include his kids on three selections . While there 's still some gems here this is not Sinatra at his holiday best .
 I bought this CD for the song `` What Ever Happened to Christmas '' , one of my very favorite Christmas songs.I was disappointed by the family renditions of the songs . I lost interest as I am sure someone listening to my family sing silly versions of traditional Christmas songs would also . When I purchased this CD I did not realize this.Still , there are some good songs just with Frank .
 Unless deicide can make an album without every song being kill jesus and hail satan then they have no purpose to exist ... This sucks .
 its not realy a deicide sounding record . the production on this one is bad , and it was recorded at morrisound!they got the gtr player from iced earth and his solos are too happy/melodic to be deicide solos . his solos make this sound like progressive metal.the vocals sound good though . glen has that doubled high/low thing going on and it is good .
 this songwriting is Sh ** . * Not as vicious sounding as with the hoffman brothers . * that gave deicide there original vicious hate-nurished sound . Glen Benton Ca n't do the high pitched demon shrieks anymore ... That is all , some of Owens and Ralphy 's work takes skill to do , but the song writing is not up to par of what deicide was .
 The first 4 Deicide cds are some of the best , most ear pleasing , most consistent , death metal LP 's ever recorded . Scars of the Crucifix was okay but not a big deal . With this lp , Deicide has 2 new guitarists join them , Ralph and Jack . Ralph and Jack are great shredders and can play tighter than the Hoffman brothers but the songs they make are a bore . The riffs are technical and the solos are more professional but does this make for a better Deicide ? The answer is no , this lp has the most boring compositions the band has ever made and the creative riffs the Hoffmans made that gave Deicide their signature sound are gone . Now Deicide sounds like every other tech death band just with Glenn on Vocals and Steve on Drumms . Benton 's High Pitched Screams on this Lp no longer sound like the authentic Demon Shrieks of past Deicide releases , he sounds very strained here and I am suprised nobody mentions this in reviews . I think Benton should do the lows and have another person do the shrieks -LRB- dual vocals have been sick live . You might like this album a little bit if you like Deicide . I love Steves drumming on here and he is the only reason this album gets 2 stars . I enjoy it a little bit from time to time . But If your new to this band go with `` Deicide '' self titled , `` Legion '' , `` Once upon the Cross '' , and `` serpents of the light '' . Some reviewers gave the older Deicide albums less stars than this ... those people do n't know Deicide .
 This disc blows chunks on so many levels it 's hardly worth being used as a drink coaster . It is , therefore , part of the permanent collection .
 i warn you that this record will not appeal to the masses or anyone in there right mind . the sounds from it do not chill you out rather more like fustrate you in thinking that you 've bought anything other than an amature taping of your local farm . the high point being a blaaap from a sheep on the front cover -LRB- i think its the non-conformist rebel on the left -RRB- . dont get me wrong , i love the KLF they 're brilliant ! but this record is just not right , in many ways .
 if you like this sort of thing , meaning random sounds that can get kind of annoying and have no point then buy this - and dont be mislead - this is not an album to chill to like you can with Air or Morcheeba - it is not even music except for like the occasional sample of some . I even recently read in an article that this album was an intentional joke on the consumer industry by KLF . I dont understand the hype .
 I love KLF 's White Room album . I thought that this `` Chill Out '' would be the same style , but I was wrong . This CD has no dance/techno musics . This is calm . Very calm music . Perfect for trying suicide after listening to it . I do not recommend . Stay away of this CD . If you like KLF , try the White Room .
 Expecting this CD to sound similiar to The White Room -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- but only more chilled , I was rather disapointed to find after listening to it , it was basically a train trip with snippets of music in between . Not what I expected from KLF .
 I was never a fan of the kind of dance music the KLF used to put out , but I am a devoted fan of ambient electronic music . Reviews on this and other sites assert that Chill Out is a great and influential album . There 's no way for me to argue against the latter point , though I hope someone knowledgeable about the dance/house scene does . I strongly dispute any claim to greatness this record makes . I have been listening to ambient electronic music going back to the '60s and think there is nothing original or even remotely interesting on Chill Out . I found the pseudo-classical synth lines extremely annoying and pointless . To me the sampling on this record has no method . An earlier review on this page called the album a collection of strategically placed sounds . I think that someone just sampled a couple of ranting preachers , twiddled with an arpeggiator , did n't think too much about overall levels , repeated sections to make it seem like there 's some structure -- despite the whole point of ambient music 's avoiding traditionally conceived structures -- and mastered it all into what is ultimately a manufactured loaf of sonic head-cheese . All ego and pretention , without a trace of subtlety . I love ambient house music when it 's done right , but chilling out seems to be more what the KLF were doing while assembling this record and less what the listener feels like doing while it 's playing .
 The album seems to be on a lot of `` must have '' lists in the ambient genre but it fails to live up to it 's own reputation . The music soundscapes are dated and incohesive . KLF does not stay on target and they 're all over the place as if they could n't decide on the concept for Chill Out , if it was ambient or techno . Poor choice of dialog and audio samples makes it at times irritating , and an excessive amount of country influence used which takes away from the electronic space ambient feel . Some of the sound design is good but for the most part it 's uninspiring and plays out as a demo CD . For ambent techno music of this style I 'd refer to The Orb 's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld for a better starting point .
 Oh dear , oh dear ... Just imagine my suprise when I arrived home after having shelled out an ENORMOUS amount of money for this and slipped it into my CD player . I thought there was something odd when after 7 minutes there was till no music . This inital disappointment gave way to stunned disbelief when I realised that I 'd just purchased 44 -LRB- that 's forty-four , ladies and gentlemen -RRB- minutes of sampled sheep , radios , trains ... I keep reading that this `` album '' was a groundbreaker in its genre . Well that may be , but it 's still a rip-off in my opinion . And it was recorded `` live '' , whatever that means .
 Most of the songs on this CD come from Melanie 's album '' Sunset and Other Beginnings '' . The album , sadly , was not one of Melanie 's best . '' I 've Got My Mojo Working '' does not suit Melanie 's style or voice . It sounds forced . '' What Do I Keep '' should have been a classic , but the song is too long and at one point her voice loses its pitch . `` Almost Like Being in Love '' sounds like elevator music . The album is backed by musicians that clearly do not want to be there . However , there are some bright spots , mainly '' The Sun And The Moon '' , '' Where 's The Band '' and '' Sandman . '' The rest of the album is tired and listless . It 's a shame too because Melanie 's voice was in fine form . This does not reflect Melanie 's superb writing . It 's almost a wasted effort .
 The sales rank on 11-28-03 of 2,107 says it all
 HONESTLY ... IM DISSAPOINTED IN DIDDY . THIS CD IS CRAP AND I THOUGHT HE WOULD HAVE PUT TOGETHER SOMETHING AMAZING . THE ONLY THING AMAZING ABOUT THE ENTIRE THING IS SARA . SHE HAS A BEAUTIFUL VOICE . SHE SHOULD HAVE GOT OUT WHILE SHE HAD THE CHANCE AND BECOME A SOLO ARTIST . PLEASE ... PLEASE ... DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS . ITS SOOOO NOT WORTH IT .
 Da Band is HORRIBLE !!! this cd is HORRIBLE !!! i give this cd 2 stars for the the only 2 people in the group that have potential which are Ness and Dylan ... Chopper sounds like a fuddup Lil ' Wayne only uglier ... Miami 's -LRB- or Frederick whatever -RRB- voice is a bite off of Pastor Troy only half as hard ... Babs is Lil Kim on crack ... Sara is trying to be like ashanti but ca n't sing as good OR look as good ... I 'm really dissapointed w / diddy on this one ... i think that the only reason why people act like they like them is because of the bad boy logo on the back of the cd ... not to mention they are arrogant as a mofo ... i do n't see this group going far ... save your money ... i traded my cd in for $ 2 which is what they are really worth ...
 Puffy is a good producer . Da ' Band are not good musicians . Puffy can add back tracks and back up singers to make a walrus sound entertaining . Dont waste your money on an album you would never play one year from now .
 What I hate in this group is that they 're are possing like there are underground , and they you buy cd and you see , that this is another unoriginal creation . There 's really nothing new here , even the songs are not too catchy . Stay away !
 I remember the mid 90 's like it was yesterday . An upstart producer named Sean `` Puffy '' Combs , with his Kangol hats and buck teeth , had created the Mecca of urban entertainment , and it 's name was Bad Boy Entertaimnent . From 1994 to 1998 , they were the absolute kings of hip hop and R&B ; the roster had great talents like Craig Mack , Faith Evans ,112 , Mase , The Lox , Total and the incomperable Notorious B.I.G. Even Puffy himself as an artist was formidable . It was the modern Motown ; hit after hit and classic album after classic album . Fast forward to 2003 ; none of the artists I mentioned are on the label , Puffy 's noteriety goes up more than the label 's record sales or quality of music , so he has to rely on gimmicks , which brings me to his newest `` project '' , Da Band . Perhaps this group and this album best explains the state of hip hop right now . There is not one truly talented person in the group ; not ONE . Much like the boy bands and pop divas that cluttered up the late 90 's and early 00 's , they are merely a gimmick to make money . People , there is good hip hop out there ; all you have to do is look .
 how long do we have to witness the death of real music ? Mess like this should be outlawed .
 This cd will sell records only because of mtv promoting theatrics.Lets all be honest and say what we truly feel.This album was rushed and the quality of the music as a whole shows it.Out of countless tracks there are probably only 2 worthwhile songs.They are mediocre at best rappers with poor studio production.What else can we expect from a loser like poop diddy who will do anything for money?DO NOT BUY THIS TRASH !!!
 When P. Diddy decided to get a group together , broadcast it live on MTV & then release an album after tutoring his latest proteges about the industry , I do n't think he expected this . The end result of Making the Band 2
 I think this album was a big disappointment . I just expected so much more after watching the show . It let me down in a major way . The only tracks I can listen to is the one with Fred and Ness and `` My Life . '' All in all , Fred is my favorite and they need a lot of work . Holla `` Yung Lipse '' aka `` Stand Up Nucca ''
 Now do n't get me wrong all of them can rap . -LRB- And you can sign Sarah -RRB- . But this album would n't even be looked at if they did n't have that t.v. show . I want to give this album a higher score but there is something big missing from it . I do n't know what but something all albums have . And some songs on here sound the same . Maybe ya 'll do better next time . D-A B-A-N-D !!
 Overall i would say that this effort from bad boy 's DA BAND is weak . The majority of the songs -LRB- production & rhymes -RRB- are very mediocre . The only songs worth listening to is the first release `` BAD BOY THIS BAD BOY THAT , DO YOU KNOW , and HOLD ME DOWN . The group as a whole is nothing special . The only emcees who have anything to offer are BABS and E.Ness . And if you can remember the tv show , they were also the most focused in their position aswell as in the studio . CHOPPER shouldnt have been picked to be in DA BAND at all . The only thing special about FRED is his unique rough sounding voice , but his flow needs work . And this is from the guy whose head blew up the most on the show.You 'd think that he 'd have something to bring -- with all that cockiness . Sara Stokes sounds like any around the way girl who can carry a tune.No she does not sound better than FAITH EVANS , she doesnt evan come close . DYLAN came with some cool caribbean infused rhymes , which is cool but not good enough to make him stand in the group to pursue a solo career and put him in the runnings with VYBEZ KARTEL , ELEPHANT MAN , or BEENIE MAN . I really hoped they could pull off a great album together and make the best out of the oportunity P.DIDDY gave them but they failed miserably . Maybe it 's PUFFY 'S fault due to his poor talent scouting and investment with this group , or maybe the blaim all falls on DA BAND . Afterall , it 's their album .
 Ok , i seriously haent heard the whole cd , but i just wanted to say `` G-A-R-A-G-A-GGGGGEEEEEE '' . I have heard some songs off of this disc . And I wase n't impressed . Its a good concept to put all the people with the different parts and styles together but i guess it looks better on paper then it does recorded because the parts dont fit together well . I think if some of the members went solo it might turn out alittle better .
 THIS ISN `` T TALENT ITS ANYTHING BUT IT NESS IS THe ONLY GROUP MEMBER THAT COULD BE SOMETHING AND SHOULD GO SOLO . BAD BOY SUCKS
 I will keep this one short and sweet ... the potential for greatness is -LRB- or was -RRB- there , but is not realized on this CD . Lets face it ... Da Band is a pop band with a hip hop face . I bought the CD because I felt somewhat of a kenship to them , but the music itself points out the true nature of what Da Band is made for ... future -LRB- mostly unsucessful -RRB- solo careers . There is no need to review every individual song because you hear the same one on every track . If you have to have Bad Boy This , Bad Boy That as your opening single ... you know it can only go downhill from there .
 Da Band CD is a disappointment to me the only good songs is Bad Boy This , Bad Boy That and Why . Well basically as long as Freddy is rappin most of it those are the only good ones so dont get it unless you really like them because now I dont !
 I thougut the cd was going to be good I saw them on the tv show they were off the chain but now I waisted my money and my time buying and listening to that crap . Chopper solo is garbage . Babs hella garbage . Fred cool . E. Ness hella props u got mad flows . Dylan awful GIVE IT UP . Sara singing is awesome . But together is garbage do not waste your money on this album please.E . Ness go solo they messing you up .
 Puffy 's control freak habits destroyed an incredible ensemble with a lot of raw talent . Instead of letting the rappers perform from their hearts he wanted them to rap the way HE wanted them to sound . That pretty much destroyed the fire of the group . It sounds like the album was rushed and the verses sound copy and pasted to the tracks . Hip hop is about individuality and originality . When you dont have those its all garbage . The only person Puffy didnt seem to control all the time is Ness . Thats why I gave this CD 2 stars because of Ness performance .
 I love rap but what a bunch of talentless wannabees!After MTV runs this show into the ground for a few more seasons , Da Band will eventually and thankfully just dissappear . In a year or two , you 'll find all the members of da band working in fast food joints or in jail.Anything for a buck I guess - Puffy do n't you have any shame ? What a bunch of uneducated , ungrateful group of losers - Damn !
 You have all this money and your show is run on MTV the question is with all the talent in this country with rappers who are right now nobodies but can rap why did you not pick 5 of those people and believe me there are 5 out of 5,000 that can rap.well get those 5 rappers put them over some DJ Premier beats RZA-HAVOC-DRE and let them kill it.In this instance you have some bad rappers with some truly god awful female singers that have no Talent then you make some stupid videos no tight ones all club or booty or whatever videos and you waste money on these idiots with no talent.Lyrics 3/10 Production 5/10 X Factor 1/10 Classic 1/10 Me 1/10Overall = 11/50 This one gets a 22 % This is seriosly terrible
 Did n't the Osbourne 's teach us anything ? Record labels do n't seem to have realized yet that people 's desire to watch people fight , swear and yell every week has no correlation to their taste for music . However , since Making the Band was completely based around creating a music group , and in the second season , creating a record , this album is more inevitable than Kelly Osbourne 's debut . Da Band received rave reviews for their MTV reality series making the band . On the show , they often looked horrible , fought , cried , yelled or were humiliated . The group , put together by P. Diddy , spent the second season creating an album . On the show , they were portrayed , probably not unrealistically , working hard and endlessly on the CD . However , this only makes the outcome seem more sad and pathetic . It 's hard to imagine how anyone , with cameras being stuck in their face and millions of dollars worth of pressure riding on their could make a fantastic CD with people they hardly know . P Diddy envisioned the group as the next fugees but on this cd they sound much more like the new Otwon . The cd lacks grit , spunk or interesting production . The main problems with the CD are the group 's lack of unity and direction . With I singer , Sara Stokes , I female rapper , Babs , and four male rappers , Young City , Freddrick , Ness and Dylan , the tracks are often over stuffed and confusing . Nobody gets enough time to really perform . The members individually do have talent . The most striking is Babs , whose tomboyish spunk , whiny voice and thumping flow are incredible . Young City has a unique southern drawl and his personality , which made him the star of the show , makes brief and well appreciated appearances in his raps . Freddrick has a gritty , scratchy voice and a fast flow . However , over uninteresting , dragging beats none of them can reach a high point . The songs switch back and forth between hip-hop -LRB- stick up , they know -RRB- and sing song pop -LRB- my life , the horrendous l like your style and do you know -RRB- . The singer of the group , Sara Stokes , does n't have the voice or strength of Mariah or Whitney and she is often asked on the album to belt out like these two . This results in mostly soft whines and whimpers although she does n't let out an extremely strong performance on the dismal do you know . However , on her solo song , Go Steady , she creates the albums best song . She moans groans and tweets her way through the song and turns the floating , boring beat into a stammering masterpiece . However , other than this , there is nothing special about the group or the album . Perhaps with more time allotted to each person , better production and less corny topics the group could become something great . It 's hard to imagine them creating anything worse than this .
 this has to be the most dissapointing and worst album i have ever bought in my life !!!!!!!!!!! first off puffy shouldnt be producing no more cause he cant do it !!!!!!!!!! everything he does is horrible !!!!!!!!!!! NESS is the only good rapper here !!!!!!!!!!!! FREDERICK the worst flow and worst rapper in the world !!!!!!! CHOPPA he is okay but he just cant spit !!!!!!!!!! DYLAN there is no explination for how bad he is !!!!!!!!! BABS she is actually kinda good but still the worst female mc !!! SARAH well i dont know much bout singers but you dont have her in a rap group puffy was tryin to make here like a nate dogg to do the hooks but it turned out to be horrible !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NESS should break away like the lox did and find a better producer cause puffy dont know what he doin !!!!!! bottom line DONT GET this album it really is horribleone of the most softest album EVER !!!!!!!!!!!! go get these albums if you into rapNAS-stillmatic , illmatic , it was written , god 's son , the lost tapesMOBB DEEP-the infamous , hell on earth , murda muzik , infamy , free agentsSHEEK LOUCH-walk witt meJADAKISS-kiss the game goodbyeSTYLES-a gangsta and a gentlemanLOX-we are the streetsCAM ` RON-come home wit me , diplomatic immunityDO NOT GET bad boy 's da band 's - too hot for t.v. !!!!!!!!!!!!! the Worst album ever
 The sales rank on 11-28-03 of 2,107 says it all
 I do n't have problems with artists proclaiming that they 're the best ... I have problems with artists proclaiming that they 're the best when they 're just rookiesThe one thing that makes new artists `` un-appealing '' is their arrogance , and this is evident for `` Bad Boy 's Da Band '' . First off , what a clever name ... `` Da Band '' . Why not `` Da Group '' , `` Da 6 People '' , or `` Da We '' ? Anyway ... Choppa -LRB- well actually , he changed it to `` Young '' because of the confusion with the other `` Choppa '' -RRB- is a little too cocky . Fred sounds like Ja Rule on helium . Ness is stale . When Dylan talks , it literally makes me wan na punch the wall . Babs is yet another female rapper with that `` I 'm a thug chick '' persona -LRB- although she is the only member that can somewhat rhyme -RRB- . Sarah has a sappy-pop sounding mediocre voice with minimal range . But since they have a TV show on MTV , they 've gotten that exposure . So , automatically , they 're considered to be hot ... . I beg to differDa Bands music ranges from low to medium quality standard hip-hop . `` Tonight '' makes me wan na shout `` shut up '' while `` Why '' just cracks me up ... Their first single `` Bad Boy This , Bad Boy That '' is a mess of a song . First of all , the song lacks direction in subject ; First Babs is talking about shes mad tough and how she fight then rob you . Then Ness is talking about how Da Band is about to `` blow up '' . Then Young is talking about what he got . Lastly , Fred is stuttering and slurring his own words , talking about how he 's a target and how everybody wants to get a piece of him . It seems like they just wrote anything , then put it all together in 10 minutes . The beat is kinda dumb sounding , and the hook is stupid
 This is the upmost worst musically talented music group ever put togeather in the world , the t.v. show is just as horrible as the music , puff Daddy Your Ill but you screwed up with this music group . you got a fat R&B singer fat as in wideload and a bunch of clowns that ca n't rhyme
 Fred has potenially said the dumbest rhyme ever ! lol On the song `` WHY '' Fred said `` I 'M FROM THE DIRTY WE DO N'T EVEN KNOW THE PRICE OF SOAP/I 'M A STAR LOOK IN THE SKY U NEED A MICROSCOPE / '' A MICROSCOPE ? U mean a TELESCOPE do n't u kid ! lol Fred u my boy but d * mn !! Do n't talk about stuff u know nothin about . Stick to what u know best . And even P. Diddy remastered the track and he did n't noticed that ! No one noticed . So what does that tell ya . U make the call . This album should get a 1 star just for that alone ! lol But if this review was n't helpful check out my other one !
 OK , you got a guy named Chopper who drones on and on about bling , women , and weed just like the Hot Boyz he jocks . Even took his name from one of their albums -LRB- Chopper City , anyone ? -RRB- . You have Babs , whose lyrics are so tired , boring and wack that it makes me sick . There are plenty of female rappers who can rap their asses off , but this one could n't get funky if she sat in a toilet for a week . Then you have the R&B cutie named Sara ... I hope she 'd never admit to writing the stuff she sings , cuz it is WACK . Basically , you have a group of lesser talents who were put together for TV and given almost a year of hype with the aid of MTV and P.Diddy.You are better off buying the DVD of Season One , because that is actually entertaining . But if you are forced to listen to this garbage without seeing the fights , cursing , and idiot mentality then I guarantee you 'll be putting it up on Ebay in about a week . DO NOT BUY THIS . WATCH THE SHOW INSTEAD .
 the five seconds of each sample , is pathetic . This band has no flavour , nothing to rap about , no uniqueness , no vibe , no bounce . Nothing but just piss in a cup.give me 5 sec 's of fame ... give anybody 5 sec 's of fame and they could easily write anything better than this.Can ' t wait for the second album ... Puffy you must be regretting this MTV experience .
 `` Da Band '' -LRB- very creative name -RRB- is just plain horrible . Another reviewer was right when he said Diddy will do anything for a buck . But unfortunately for him , this band has cost him more money than its made him . Their album was a flop , their show sucks now , and from the looks of it they 'll be lucky if they stay together for another month . They 're among the dumbest people I 've ever seen on TV -LRB- and there are ALOT of dumb people on TV -RRB- . None of them have any communication skills and so they just yell at each other without any understanding . And they could at least make up for everything with hot songs , but their music sounds like 6 different solo performers trying to sing over each other at the same time . Its really a mess .
 The only thing that saves this album is production from P. Diddy . The lyrics on here are so fake . On the first single `` Bad Boy This , Bad Boy That '' Babs declares , `` Dudes in the hood , we rob em whenever they flossin ' '' . Can you see her robbing anyone ? No . Chopper states `` Yo , we go hoppin ' out the G-5 Wagon '' . However , he 's probably still hoppin ' out a Ford Taurus . Also the rest of the crew including the Sean Paul wannabe , the poor man 's Beyonce , old man Ness , and crack addict Fred are hilariously fake as well . The thing that bothers me the most is that these guys are always complaining about having no money , but on the TV show you see them with diamond earrings , two hundred dollar outfits , and money stuffed in the sides of their bandanas . On top of that , the four lines of the lyrics on here that might be true are pathetic . As I said before , these guys really arent that great all they have is good production . It 's just another group of fakes talking about being gangtsers and thugs and blaming the world for problems in `` the hood '' . This is a great example of just doing it for the money .
 As the title reads , `` Just as where it belongs , Garbage , '' I mean every word I 'm saying . Here are some major problems with the CD .1 . There is talent there ... but he 's not on most of the CD -LRB- Dylan -RRB- .2 . The price for the CD is too much ... especially when it should be free .3 . The best song , `` Stick Up '' is only 2:42 minutes . Therefore , its a waste of money to buy it for just 2.5 minutes .4 . Sara ... she can sing , but ... she 's on the song because she 's in the group ... if her and Dylan were in a group together ... that 's different . Other than that ... read the title .5 . Ness ... next problem ... 6 . YOung City aka Chopper ... YOU ARE WITH BAD BOY ... NOT CASH MONEY !!! I did n't know there was a Cash Money on a Bad Boy Roster .7 . Freddy P. ... . I did n't know Scooby Doo had a contract ... Lay off the pipe please ... 8 . Babs ... New name , new weave , new face ... Why in the F**k did you name yourself off of a cartoon ? That 's WACK ! And since when you start poppin off men ... you are not Lil Kim ... 9 . Dylan ... you should 've left when you had the chance ... In any case , RUN DYLAN RUN !!! Once you have made it as solo , the best for you is yet to come . I see why you did n't want to be part of it ... too bad they made you suffer ... 10 . As the saying for WWE 's Kurt Angle goes , `` YOU -LSB- are bad -RSB- ... !!! `` I just feel sorry for those of you who spent your money on this CD . That 's why I miss napster ... you 'll know what you 're buying before you spend hard earn cash.Another point , They were only in this for the money ... there 's no way that they would have made any ... stuff like this ... Besides , P. Diddy got the fame and made history with the Music Industry ... and the Dislocated Band made a few bucks off of people 's curiosity .
 the only thing about thew cd that is good is the beatscome on it stupid to put all of the group on one songit sounds wackhow u hear one person on a song singing good and another raping wackthe hit song has a good beat and stick up is a good song
 Lets be honest , i got this album because i watched the tv show and they sounded good , but as soon as i picked up the cd i was so disappointed . Dont buy this album , there raps suck and they sound like children . I dont know what these people are talking about who say this album is good , this must not know anything about rap . . So please dont `` cop '' -LRB- what a dumb word -RRB- this album
 MAN THESE SUCKAS MUST B FO ' REAL IF THEY THINK THEY GOT SH ** . YA 'LL CATS NEED TO GO SOLO F *** THAT . IM SORRY BUT I ANTICIPATED THIS CD TO B HOTTTTT !! INSTEAD IT WAS COLDER THEN ANTARTICA !!!! TRIGGER CITY !!!! YALL NEED TO COME DOWN TO TAMPA AND LOOK FOR THESE CATS NAMED STRATA J , DOUGHBOY , YOUNGFELLA AND NOVA !!!! HOLLA @ YA BOY
 this cd is no where near as good as i expected . upon buying it , i was aware that there would be a couple rnb songs b/c of the one girl , but there all almost NO upbeat songs . for all the good rappers in da band , they have no tight beats to showoff on . the only good songs are `` bad boy this bad boy that '' `` why '' and `` tonight '' if u like beats and good rapping , this cd is not for you .
 This band blows human nature in the a ** , enough said .
 This band is finish for good . P.Diddy broke up te band forever . It all started with Dylan not showing up at a party at Diddys place so he kick him out . Then Fred decided to quit the band all together . Then Diddy kick two other people out the ones that he had trouble with in the past they are Sara and Chopper . He decided to keep Ness and Babs to work with them.I 'm so glad they broke up cause they never got alone with each other anyway . I felt sorry for Sara she was the only singer in the group and the only one married with kids . I never did like their name group `` Da Band '' come on name it something original . Most of the group was ugly except Sara she was the dvia . As far as their music it just was boring even their music video were they were playing baseball then they start fighting the other team players.This is funny P.Diddy said , American Idol is a joke but after seeing his show now you see whats really a joke .
 This album is a waste of time . Buy Retro or the singles . It 'll save you money -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- and get you the best tracks on the album ... -LRB- Not saying much -RRB-
 Although I 'm from the same area as this group , I was very disappointed with the overall album . It lacks creativity and lyricism . The album is filled with elementary lyrics and sub-par production .
 Before you purchase , if there is an option to listen to the music , PLEASE do so . I did n't follow my own advice and now have an album that I 'll probably never listen to again . This `` I 'm Gon na Miss You '' is not the popular version being played on the oldies segments of the radio stations . I purchased it just for that reason . The rest of the album does not make up for the one bad song . Sound quality is okay , but not worth the purchase . Buyer Beware !!!
 I have love many of the Canadian Brass CD but this one I just could not enjoy .
 If you 've never listened to or heard of Jay Munly and are interested in purchasing one of his albums , this is not a good one to start with . In fact , it 's almost not worth purchasing at all . It 's an odd thing to say about one of my favorite singer/songwriters , but sadly it 's the truth . Munly 's music can almost be compared to a fine wine ; they both get better with age . His latest album `` Munly & The Lee Lewis Harlots '' is a prime example of just how amazing of a musician he is , and thus is beyond a shadow of a doubt one of my favorite albums of all time . His music these days is sort of hard to describe . Like so many bands from the Denver scene , it 's a cross between country , goth , and punk -LRB- i.e. morose , sometimes haunting country songs played at punk rhythm , held together by unsavoury , crazed lyrics -RRB- . Basicly , perfect . This album , on the other hand , sounds more like pop music . There are no banjos or strings , just accoustic guitar , bass , drums , and vocals . And what 's worse is it lacks the fury and passion that seem to drive the later Munly songs , replacing it with a spirit that feels akin to Matchbox 20 or Sister Hazel . Now I do n't want to sound insulting here -LRB- although I think I already might have -RRB- ; like I said , this guy 's amazing . Everyone 's got ta start somewhere , and this debut album kind of gets off on the wrong foot . His second album however , `` Munly De Dar He '' is a much bigger step in the right direction and his following records each get better than the last . If you 're a diehard fan , definetly purchase this , but if you 're never heard the guy before , skip it . At least until you have his other four albums .
 I am a little upset about the vocals pn this dvd . It does not even come close to the album `` river runs Red '' . The music is not bad .
 Trying to tolerate Julian Marley 's first album , `` Lion in the Morning , '' was something that would even test the patience of the most serene Rasta as it was more a poor imitation of Ziggy Marley and the Melody Makers ' style than an album that could be put under his name . But on his latest , Julian shows a greater maturity in his vocal delivery . He seems to have learned that you do n't have to sing fast , loud or powerfully to have impact . And most importantly the lyrics are better -- on his debut album , he seemed to be trying to rhyme every line , and also imitate Bob Marley 's lyrical style -LRB- many have tried , few have succeeded -RRB- , making up for some bad , awkward lyrics . Now , Julian will most likely never reach the level that Ziggy and Stephen have passed in terms of music , songs and lyrical style , but this album puts him up nearly on the level of Ky-Mani , whose last album was rather disappointing compared to `` Journey . '' At times , Julian can be rather simplistic and too repetitive lyrically , as on `` Harder Dayz , '' delivering far-too-obvious lines . That same fault sometimes seeped into ZM and the MM 's songs , but they were more the exception than the rule . So while Julian 's music backing is light years in quality compared to his first album , he still needs to improve his lyrics . None of the Marley kids can be Bob Marley , so they need to stop trying , and just be themselves , singing about their lives and experiences , not the experiences of their father .
 The cover should give you a clue.Feel my pain ? How about feeling mine after feeling `` Feel My Pain '' ?
 I would neither compare Vas to Dead Can Dance nor to Loreena Mc Kinnit . Their sound is definitely thier own . It is new age music with beautiful vocals and good percussion work . The melodies however remain weak and for the most part repetitious . This album is a great improvement on the first two but apart from three or four tracks , the rest sounds again like the first two albums with little variety . The album is much more produced and darker in sound but at times falls into banality . I have found that in order to enjoy Vas , I have to program a few select pieces on the CD player , otherwise the entire album becomes tedious and boring . I have friends who love it but their taste is mostly geared towards new age . People with a taste for world music might find this eventually `` not happening '' .
 The music on this recording is very repetitious as though they took the same formula on one piece and applied it to everything else . The melodies become boring after a while and there is no real instrumental break to give a breather to the repetitious style of vocals . It is well recorded and has some production value but there are truly only two songs that are listenable . It should appeal though to fans of new age music .
 I thought I was the only one thinking the same way about this band 's music ! While the drummer is great , the singer is not anywhere in the same league as Lisa Gerrard from Dead Can Dance but she does have a pretty voice . Everybody seems to like this band a lot but , frankly , the CDs quickly get very boring and repetitive . Gee , I wonder what their next album will sound like ...
 Same old boring vocals , same old boring arrangements , same old boring compositions ... From one album to another Vas sounds the same over and over again . Snnzzz ...
 The cover should give you a clue.Feel my pain ? How about feeling mine after feeling `` Feel My Pain '' ?
 It is horrible - this is the third time buying CDs from u that are a scam - I am a sandy victim and just this spend got a chance to listen to the cdS - the one set was missing a cd and the other three - the music is not there - I ca n't believe amazon is such a big name and I ca n't even buy a cd that is legit from u guys ... . Very very disappointed - look and see my history - I keep trying to buy this collection - I would not even put one star - but had to
 I am a big fan of Paul 's music . By this I mean his studio albums and also the score to `` Blue Crush '' . This CD is very disappointing because the music does not stand on its own i.e. it can only coexist with the movie . For this reason I do not understand why it was even released , especially that the beautiful `` Blue Crush '' score , which is by far more `` independent '' , was not officially released .
 Was hopeing it would be a bit better , guess the movie sound effects made it what it was . not harm though still okay .
 It 's puzzling to really find what anyone see 's in this girl . The theme of her material has very little range , her voice included . Vocally Swift is extremely weak , aided largely on her cd by ` studio tweaking ' to enhance those limited vocals . To hear her sing ` live ' just let 's the cat out of the bag every time . It will eventually be her downfall.Although her songwriting is decent , it mostly carries the same themes . If she can expand on her writing abilities , Swift may be able to put together a career in songwriting . She will need that in order to stay in the music industry because her ` mediocre ' singing will catch up to her within a couple years . You could say that she has an ` expiration date ' stamp on her forehead and her record label is gon na use her up as much as they can before then because they see it coming down the road.As a further example of Swift 's mediocrity . Her version of `` White Christmas '' on her Target exclusive Christmas cd is a glaring example of her limited vocal talent . She noticeably strains to reach the higher notes - with flawed results . Bing Crosby would have nothing to fear of being outdone here .
 The best song on this album is `` Tim Mcgraw '' , but I did n't really like any of the other songs on the album . The vocals sound a little squeaky , which makes the album difficult to listen to .
 the cd came ok but the case was broken and scraped up :-LRB- i was going to give it as a gift so i had to go out a buy a cheap case for it .
 I bought this CD based on the raving reviews . It 's just OK . You hear a couple of songs , you hear them all . Only one song that really stands out is the one she 's known for `` Teardrops on my guitar '' . The rest is pretty much the same . Same beat , same pitch , same style . Unbearable after awhile .
 Taylor Swift is one of the worst singers I have ever heard . Whenever I see her perform on awards shows I am embarrassed for her -LRB- and cringing -RRB- . I just do n't understand how she ever got a record deal . And I do n't understand her popularity . IMO , the girl just can not carry a tune in a bucket .
 What is with these record companies ? Why do they release an album in the first place if they are going to release it again 6 months or a year later with extra tracks ? save them for the next album ! Do the expect people to buy it again ? Then they wonder why people download music for free .
 I like the album . It 's really catchy , but come on why by the same album just becasue of a few new tracks ... I could see if it was a single , but the same album . . It is not like the record companies are going broke ... her album went triple platnium and she broke a few records .
 I had the unfortunate experience of listening to this album a few months back . Do n't believe the hype , Taylor Swift is the worst country/pop musician I have ever heard ! If this is country then what is n't ? She ca n't sing to save her life , the lyrics are high school poetry , and her guitar playing is laughable . She is even worse live !!! yikes . I ca n't believe she sells like a zillion albums , her fan base must be tone deaf little tweens . She 's a dime-a-dozen , ca n't wait 'til her career goes up in flames .
 There are few if any `` sterling '' cuts on this album . Mostly a collection of regional Funk/Soul acts that never made it to the big time . In the end you find out why too as none of these tunes make you wan na shout and shing a ling . As you 'd expect , production values range from the passable to the criminal and everything in between . Not the worst album I 've ever bought but most compilations usually contain ONE nugget worth its purchase price . Truth be told , this one did not . Only buy it if you 've nothing else to spend your money on.Worf
 In his music , Beenie Man advocates killing gays . More than30 gays have been killed in Jamaica where he comes from.His music has lots of influence there . In some cases mobssang his anti-gay songs while they killed a man who might have been gay.When asked to apologize and change his ways he wrote a song about how hewould not apologize . If someone advocated the killingof Blacks or Jews , they would not be tolerated . It seems strangethat in the 21st century the world still tolerates someonewho advocates the killing of gays . Please do n't support him bypurchasing his music .
 Typical commercial reggae . If you started liking Beenie man for WHO AM I you will be disappointed here .
 Back in the mid-90 's , underground artists who were Christians began making a stand . They were basically saying that even though they were Christian , they could still hold their own on the mic . Artists like SFC , LPG , Future Shock and Brainwash Projects each dropped albums that could more than hold their own among underground hip hop circles . Gotee Records contributed to that breakthrough with the first two Grits albums
 First off , this CD is n't professionally made . You can tell cause the side with the music on it is blue like a CD-R . You do n't get the full version of these songs only enough to tease you . Some of these songs are so rare and hard to find that it 's necessary to find the full 12 '' version . So if you 're looking for the full version so you can make your own mix , do n't buy this CD . But if you 're into mix CD 's with old school music , then this is for you .
 This had to be the most absurd film ever . What I hope was supposed to be a bio-doc on the life and career of Sting -LRB- or close to it -RRB- , the film was a hodge-podge of nonsensical wrestling clips from WCW , audio that did not follow the on screen action during those clips , typos in the credits , and in general , things not making a lick of sense . It 's similar to a first edit of a film , yet they did n't bother to fix it up.There is also -LRB- in the beginning -RRB- a severe overuse of ` B ' roll footage , seemingly used to pad the films run time . The B Roll was intended to give the viewer a sense of where the story is and was , but it ends up making you think of how many boring generic clips can they play in order , to the beat of bad music?Sting himself has to be a odd person . Having seen his WCW dvd , ` Sting Unmasked ' , in which Sting stays in character ... and his character is a real weirdo , btw . It carries over to this film . This is just a weird film period.For the diehard Sting fan , or the wrestling fan not wanting to miss out on a tremendously bad wrestling film -LRB- which doubles as a Christian recruitment film -RRB- , check it out for yourself . But be sure to follow along with Derek Burgan 's review of the film . Just google for it.Good luck , and stay Sting !
 I want to know what the name of the song played at the club in the beginning and the song at the beginning of the credits is , please email me - > durtee_redneck69@yahoo.com / xx_wunhunglow_xx@yahoo.com < - Thanks .
 could someone please email me the name of the song at the end entitled ` run that ' . if u know it email me at danzheffron@hotmail.comcheersdanny
 The movie was good but the soundtrack was missing the soundtrack . Does anyone know the name of the gunfight song that has rap and guitar riff ?
 This soundtrack sucks it does n't even have any `` real '' songs on it . All it is , is a musical score not worth the money .
 After watching The Rundown I immediately went to buy the soundtrack . I wish that I would have looked at the songs on the soundtrack first , because I got it home and felt ripped off . It was just the instrumental score , none of the actual songs were on it . Yes the score was okay , but I wanted the songs like
 Back in the mid-90 's , underground artists who were Christians began making a stand . They were basically saying that even though they were Christian , they could still hold their own on the mic . Artists like SFC , LPG , Future Shock and Brainwash Projects each dropped albums that could more than hold their own among underground hip hop circles . Gotee Records contributed to that breakthrough with the first two Grits albums
 Jeeezzzz , I bought this thinking I would hear classics like `` Bubbletoes '' and `` Holes to Heaven '' but instead all I got was some bing bings and bang bangs and some guy blowin his horn all over the place , sheesh .
 la verdad es que no se que trata de demostrar esta vieja , en sus canciones se pueden apreciar varios fusiles de otros verdaderos artistas como radiohead , porque no me digan que en su cancion INEVITABLE no fusil&oacute; la parte tranquila de la bateria a la de HIGH AND DRY de radiohead , escuchen atentamente , comparen y se daran cuenta que son identicas . juzguen ustedes .
 Shakira is the best rock singer right now . This cd rocks . Even if you do n't speak spanish -LRB- I think it 's about time you gringos start learning to speak spanish or else you will be way behind into the next millenium -RRB- you will like this cd . This cd -LRB- Donde estan los ladrones ? -RRB- and the other one -LRB- Pies Descalzos -RRB- are very good . Shakira is very talented . She writes all of her songs and she is original to her music . It 's not just rock , it 's a mixture of pop fusion , reggae , and romantic songs . This colombian born singer has SOLD over 7 million cds of her 2 albums . She will even become more popular to the `` english speaking audience when she does her crossover in the year 2000 . With the help of Gloria and Emilio Estefan she will be bigger than Ricky Martin . Just wait and see . So I recommend that you buy this cd . It 's very good . Every song has their own meaning .
 Este CD no me gusta tanto , realmente no es la gran cosa ... Shakira si ves esto , hay ciertas cosas que me disgustan ... primero ... por que te juntas con los Estefan , realmente es un grupo muy malo con quien juntarse ... por ejemplo hay cosas que no caen bien ... En los Grammy 's la pelea por el mejor album estaba entre Sue & ntilde ; os Liquidos y Caribe Atomico de Mana y Los Aterciopelados ... Mana termino ganando ... en el premio Lo Nuestro -LRB- que es de muy menor calidad en relacion a los Grammy 's -RRB- ganaste y te empataron con Mana para que no dijeran ... y creo tu sabes que Sue & ntilde ; os Liquidos fue mucho mejor produccion que la tuya . La otra cosa que te queria decir era , que cuando viniste a Santo Domingo para el Festival de Musica Latina descepcionaste a muchos y sabes que estuvo muy malo pedir mas de 150,000 dolares cuando Mana solo pidio 50,000 cuando vino y dio un mejor espectaculo y llevo mas gente ... a si que me excusas pero creo que tienes que mejorar muchas cosas , que dudo que planees mejorar asi que lamentablemente tendre que seguir odiando tu musica y tus CD 's ... los cuales no compro por si acaso crees , pero no haace nada como quiera ... no pasa res ... lastima , verdad ? ...
 CREO QUE SHAKIRA DEBERIA DEJAR DE ENGA&N tilde ; AR A SUS FANS , QUE ACEPTE QUE ELLA NO COMPONE SUS CANCIONES -LRB- PARA ESO ESTAN LOS ESTEFAN -RRB- , SU MUSICA NO ES MAS QUE UNA MINA DE ORO -LRB- COMERCIAL Y VACIA -RRB- , POR MAS QUE QUIERAS PARECER UNA ARTISTA PROFUNDA NO ERES MAS QUE UN PRODUCTO DEL CONSUMISMO QUE CORROMPE LAS ARTES . POR FAVOR COMPREN MUSICA DE CALIDAD , LETRAS QUE SEAN INTELIGENTES DE VERDAD , NO LETRAS `` LINDAS '' E INSULSAS . POR FAVOR SELLOS DISQUEROS , NO ENGA&N tilde ; EN MAS AL PUBLICO CON PSEUDO-ARTISTAS , OFREZCAN CALIDAD NO BELLEZA -LRB- FISICA -RRB- .
 Pura basura . What has happened to Shakira ? The best song on this album does not compare to the weakest of Pies Descalzos .
 This is the worst album ever ! yuck ! A neighbor of mine was playing this CD and had it turned up pretty loud and I could n't stand it ! I rushed to the toilet and puked 2 or 3 times . Yeah , this is the kind of music that 'll make you sick to your stomach . I had to go knocking on my neighbor 's door and asking them to turn down their stereo , which THANK GOD they did , or I probably would n't still be alive today ! Yeah , Shakira 's voice literally almost killed me ! it was just that awful ! I kid you not ! How can people even call this stuff music ? There should be some other type of category for this . It should be put in the ` rubbish ' music section where it belongs . Please do n't waste your money on this garbage !
 I really found this album unoriginal . I 've read the artist admires Alanis Morissette and this album sounds as if Alanis had made a bad spanish record . It 's evident in the singer 's style that Alanis is an inspiration , but Shakira comes across as attempting to be Alanis Morissette . Hopefully the artist will learn from this mistake and evolve a distinctive style of her own . Coming from a country as rich in music as Colombia is , this album was a let down .
 There 's only one word that best describes this album by Shakira ... GARBAGE !! Now maybe that 's what she should 've titled this CD ! except just put garbage in spanish -LRB- la basura -RRB- . Please do n't waste your money on this , please ! I 'm sure glad I did n't ! She has the worst voice I 've ever heard !! I only gave this CD one star because I could n't give it a zero ! This CD does n't even deserve my one-lousy worthless star !
 THE WORST MUSIC I ` VE EVER HEARD , IS AS EMPTY AS A TRASH CAN , I THINK SHE SHOULD DIE AND LEAVE US ALONE .
 I have been an Andy Williams fan since he came on the scene . I own many of his original phonograph albums . This CD does not hold a candle to any of them . The richness of Andy 's voice is just not there , not to mention the quality/volume of the background music . I have found this to be true with other `` import '' CDs , i.e. , Ricky Nelson 's , etc. . Sadly , anyone who gives this item more than one star has not heard Andy Williams at his best .
 It does not take much to write depressing lyrics and dark harmonies . It 's just hard to get into this record unless you want to jump off a bridge . Slow , low-key and NO energy . It should really be called a Greg Dulli solo project because it does not have a group feel .
 This is one more Rosemary Clooney cd that I have added to my collection . It 's really not one to write home about . Let me try to explain my less than enthusiastic feeling about this cd . I think that the idea to record a cd with the great Count Basie Orchestra was grand one . As far as the orchestra goes they did their thing . They delivered a whale of a performance . Where the real problem areas came from are at Rosemarys ' end.First off , I thought the repertoire was a little weak . Secondly , I thought that Rosemary tried to be too cute by changing the lyrics on some of the songs . . This cd could have been a lot better , if it could have been more conservative . Well , you ca n't win them all can you ? Better luck next time!Recommendation
 This cd is so bad that it does `` t even deserve a rating , it is so bad that i couldn `` t even give it away.There 's only one thing i can do with this cd , and that is to throw it away
 13 above the night , Confessions of a knife , I see good spirits ... now those are great albums . This one just is n't .
 If you are feeling upbeat , this is a good antidote . Lacks musicality , not even scary -LRB- scary is good , even Mannheim Steamroller and Erich Kunzel have done scary quite well , not to mention A CLOCKWORK ORANGE of same performer -RRB- , just running off in all directions at once with distortion generators . To the Salvation Army donation bin , then Dramamine cabinet .
 I have every album of Wendy 's , and this is the 1st one that didnt make me want to run downstairs to my studio and make synthesizer music . It 's a pretty depressing album all-around , and kindof bland , with the exception of the 1st piece , Transitional , which is superb . Wendy also seems to have quite a few unresolved religious issues which surface here in a pretty creepy way .
 As HARD as I really tried to get into this work by composer Wendy Carlos , I simply could not . ` Tales Of ... ' is JUST too strange . Just call the music on this CD ` weird electronic ' . Liked the reissue for the ` Clockwork Orange ' movie soundtrack SO much better -LRB- see my review -RRB- . It 's obvious that the music here is classically influenced.Two cuts here I thought were so-so are `` Transitional '' and `` City Of Temptation '' . Seven tracks , duration is 57:27 . I mean if you enjoy several of Carlos 's other releases , you get nearly a full hour of true oddness here . Just might appeal to patient fans of Tomita , Kraftwerk , Mother Mallard 's Portable Masterpiece Co. and Carl Craig .
 Dark ? Scary ? Hardly!I figured after seeing the cover and the reference to `` Clockwork Orange '' that I could n't lose with this ... wrong . Sounds like somebody with a keyboard and way too much time on their hands . There 's nothing in the very least interesting on this disc , let alone scary . I found it to be a complete waste of time . You want dark/scary check out Basil Poledouris ' works ... Robocop , Conan , Starship Troopers , etc. .
 File this CD under `` Blah '' . Sonic skill & synth ingenuity can only take you so far . 1972 's epic ` Sonic Seasoning ' & 1986 's difficult ` Beauty & the Beast ' are required for any fan of Electronic music , but this Wendy Carlos CD is a dense failure.Urr ! ` Tales of Heaven & Hell ' is so cheesy I half-expected Vincent Price to show up . The problems begin with the cover warning
 Wendy was satisfied with this recording , but it lacks the conflict with the music equipment which made her early work fun to listen to . This is tame and lame .
 This album can be summed up in one word-garbage . She makes it well known that this work was meant to frighten -LSB- take note the warning writted on the front of the CD
 In his music , Beenie Man advocates killing gays . More than30 gays have been killed in Jamaica where he comes from.His music has lots of influence there . In some cases mobssang his anti-gay songs while they killed a man who might have been gay.When asked to apologize and change his ways he wrote a song about how hewould not apologize . If someone advocated the killingof Blacks or Jews , they would not be tolerated . It seems strangethat in the 21st century the world still tolerates someonewho advocates the killing of gays . Please do n't support him bypurchasing his music .
 Typical commercial reggae . If you started liking Beenie man for WHO AM I you will be disappointed here .
 Very bad selection of songs , most of them you alredy have in others Bee Gees collections like number ones or the record . It would be much better if the producers choice new songs like country lanes , or tears and remaster them . Any real fan can make a better list .
 The cd I received was scratched . I sent it back with the return form but never received my refund .
 At first this looks like a fly collection of tunes from Clinton 's solo career , which it would be if it were n't CENSORED . When the record labels do n't release multiple versions , `` clean '' , `` explicit '' , etc. , it seems reasonable to assume that you will be getting the artists original work , unadultered . Not so in this case , there is the one edition only , and it is censored . Not only that , but unlike a lot of the newer censored discs , its not just a word that 's omitted while the music continues
 I was -- and still am -- a huge Superdrag fan . John 's solo album does have a hint of the flavor of Superdrag , but do n't buy it because you think it picks up where Vitriol left off . This is a no-holds-barred Christian album , and if you do n't want to smacked upside the head by the praise of Jesus , you wo n't enjoy this album .
 The man is currently touring with superdrag again who made their living and fame off of songs like ` annetichrist ' and ` nothing good is real ' as well as songs about addiction and alcohol etc etc -LRB- I.E. the songs I grew up with and loved -RRB- . They are reportedly playing their old stuff ... so anyway , is n't this a bit two-faced after he dropped the alternative version of ` sister act ' on us here ?
 No doubt , Austin is a `` singer 's singer '' and still at the top of her game . She deserves an album that showcases that to top effect , but it 's not `` In And Out Of Love '' . Narada Michael Walden 's sterling production on the first few songs gets the project off to a promising start . Then Louis Biancaniello takes over . His bland , even cheap-sounding , synth arrangements and musicianship fail to give Austin the support she truly deserves ; at times , it even mars his far better follow-up with Austin , `` Street Of Dreams '' . The saving grace of `` In And Out Of Love '' are the vocals . True fans -LRB- me included -RRB- will appreciate the opportunity to hear the soulful , energetic , but always tasteful Austin -LRB- she has few equals for singing ballads -RRB- on record again . However , nothing here really comes close to her work on Quincy Jones ' Qwest/Warner label nor her earlier work on CTI . If you want first rate Patti Austin , try the folliwng
 I purchased M20 's first album not really having heard anything of the bands work - as it does n't get much airplay in the UK , I instantly noticed the standout tracks - 3AM , Push and Real World.On first hearing this album I felt that the over-production -LRB- i.e. the incredibly irritating horns -RRB- detracted from the songs . Regarding the lyrics - there are no hidden meanings and the writing uses lots of obvious rhyming couples . Essentially , they are not as clever as the ones of their first album . `` If you 're gone '' starts well and then turns into something by Chicago with the horns ... they just sound to damn out of place . So second albums are notoriously difficult to do - this one is certainly proof of that.Bent is a great song , it just is n't a great M20 song . The song `` Angry '' seems to derive it 's sound very much from Bon Jovi 's Hey God -LRB- Opening track of These Days -RRB- . Of Rob Thomas - great voice , but he seems to be using the same part of his range throughout the album ... also , because of the overproduction - he 's often in danger of being downed out . What happened to the brilliance we witnessed on the Santana track?The worst track on this album has to be `` Black and White People '' - again the horns are featured on the track and it has few lyrical hooks.Hopefully the third album will be better . In my opinion , unless you are a completest - do n't bother and just borrow it off a mate .
 I purchased M20 's first album not really having heard anything of the bands work - as it does n't get much airplay in the UK , I instantly noticed the standout tracks - 3AM , Push and Real World.On first hearing this album I felt that the over-production -LRB- i.e. the incredibly irritating horns -RRB- detracted from the songs . Regarding the lyrics - there are no hidden meanings and the writing uses lots of obvious rhyming couples . Essentially , they are not as clever as the ones of their first album . `` If you 're gone '' starts well and then turns into something by Chicago with the horns ... they just sound to damn out of place . So second albums are notoriously difficult to do - this one is certainly proof of that.Bent is a great song , it just is n't a great M20 song . The song `` Angry '' seems to derive it 's sound very much from Bon Jovi 's Hey God -LRB- Opening track of These Days -RRB- . Of Rob Thomas - great voice , but he seems to be using the same part of his range throughout the album ... also , because of the overproduction - he 's often in danger of being downed out . What happened to the brilliance we witnessed on the Santana track?The worst track on this album has to be `` Black and White People '' - again the horns are featured on the track and it has few lyrical hooks.Hopefully the third album will be better . In my opinion , unless you are a completest - do n't bother and just borrow it off a mate .
 If you liked MB20 for their musical style found in every song of the 1st album , you will be highly disappointed , as I was . Mad Season is a compilation of many different styles , none flowing smoothly into the next , few of which match what people have come to expect of them . True , you ca n't put updated words into the same old songs like many do , and expect to be successful . You can however , remain true to the overall sound and feel that made audiences like you to start with . MB20 does n't do this here at all . There is very little emotion and depth to much of this album . Songs range from sounding like Stevie Wonder , to Bob Dylan , to Bruce Hornsby , to a high school ska band -LRB- Nothing against any of this , it is just not MB 20 's expected style -RRB- . Who ever expected to hear horns of all things on their album -LRB- they are totally out of place , as this sound is not them -RRB- . For me , this attempt to evolve went in the wrong direction . If I want goofy , follow the bouncing ball music , I 'll watch the Disney channel . If I want to hear MB 20 as I know and like them , I have have to skip at least the 1st 4 songs . Is it a decent cd overall ? I guess . Is it Matchbox 20 that we all know ? NO -LRB- w / a few exceptions -RRB- . There is no feeling , no depth , no emotion this time . IF you like them because of who they were on the 1st album , you will be as disappointed with Mad Season as I was . Had it not been for Rob Thomas ' distinct voice , I would have thought they put the wrong group on the cd by mistake . Sadly , it was no mistake .
 Dear Matchbox Twenty , trying to make every song a radio single turned a fan of yours , into someone who just categorizes you in the same way as no talent boy bands . This album is one of the biggest waste of talent and one of the worst sophmore releases I have ever heard in my life . `` Real World '' , `` Push '' it did n't matter what song it was , in Yourself or Someone Like You , I do n't know if it was unintentional but those were well thought of songs . Mad Season pop-trash music you made . Instead of growing as an artist , you fell backwards , way backwards . I was nice and I gave you a 2 , just because you are the same band that put out Yourself of Someone Like You . Boring dull -- uninspiring -- That is the perfect word i 'm looking for
 This is my first M20 album , and I loved the songs from the first album when I heard them on the radio . Unfortunately , this CD disappointed me a lot . Being a Creed and Goo Goo Dolls fan , I expected edgy , more hard rock type songs when I bought this album , especially when I heard Bent on the radio . However , I was disappointed . Mad Season features more blues-old rock songs with repetitive , sometimes childish lyrics . Songs like Angry , the first track , and Mad Season feature horns , synthesizers and other totally uneccessary instruments . Guitars are almost totally nonexistant . And the song `` Black & White People '' features this annoying `` Ya-ya '' in the background . C'mon , people ! However , there are some keepers on this album for the people who want edgier muisic . Rest Stop and Bent I think are the best songs on the album . Leave and You Wo n't Be Mine are also interesting , but not worthy of constantly hitting the repeat button . So if this is M20 's new sound , I would prefer to stick to Creed 's Human Clay , a definite cutting edge hard rock gem .
 I 'm not here to diss Matchbox 20 because they are very talented and I admire them . But , this cd is not that great . Their debut album is much better . This cd contains slow songs that has no catchy rhythms or beats . Usually , it takes a couple of times to listen to a cd in order to like it , but I still do n't like it very much . However , this cd is not a total disappointment . It has some decent songs like , `` Angry '' , `` Black And White People '' , and `` Bent '' . Also on this cd , the kinds of instruments they use sound different . Matchbox 20 's sophomore effort is not as good , but it proves that they still have alot of talent .
 Well I finally decided enough was enough , and decided to sample this album . I first heard `` Real World '' in 1998 , and I thought to myself `` This is not bad at all '' , but the album was released in 1996 . I feel that the group fell under the Guns and Roses syndrome as there is almost a 4 year span of releases . I feel that the group was either trying too hard to make up for lost time , or they exposed themselves to too much too soon . I feel that if another album came out before this one it may have been complemented instead of `` What the hell were they thinking ? '' `` Bent '' is without a doubt my favorite song on here as it has traces of the first album with more of an edge . `` If You 're Gone '' could belong here as it shows the group growing a little bit more with organ and a horn section . The title cut makes me actually want to puke . Do n't ask me why , but the opening riff is so lovely , but then it 's watered down with organ , and it 's one of the few songs in the key of b flat that does n't sit well with me . After the riff I can picture that scene in an episode of `` Will and Grace '' where the 2 guys are tongue kissing . I guess it was because the night that episode aired the last song I heard before going home from work was `` Mad Season '' . The rest is either passible , or just too much experimentation . This would 've been an ideal 3rd album , or maybe 4th , but since it 's the second one it just was much too much .
 Bad Enough their first album Sold Tons Of Records.but then Smooth With Rob Thomas & Santana Took Off.what a Bad Joke.this Album is a Cross Between Hootie & The Blowfish , Blessed Unions Of Soul & Collective Soul.In Other Words Industry Manufactored.Rob Thomas Ca n't Sing.The Music has Been So done so many times already.Nothing here stands out.The Instrumentation has No Life nor Does the Writting.but this is the kind of Banal Material that is selling nowadays what a Sad Day ?
 Matchbox Twenty is a prime example of the sad state of affairs in today 's recording industry . This music is so incredibly boring . It boggles the mind that the recording industry has convinced so many into thinking that this is actually good music worth spending your hard earned $ $ $ on . The musicianship level on this album is about the same as a garage band comprised of 12 year olds . I 'm not saying that you have to be a virtuoso to make great music , but when you combine mediocre musicianship with boring songwriting , the response from the decision making fat cats at the record labels should be , `` I 'm sorry guys , I have a responsibility to the public to only produce quality , non-boring products . My advice to you fellows -LRB- Matchbox Twenty in this case -RRB- is to write some better stuff and do n't quit your day jobs . `` Unfortunately , some fat cat decided to say , `` Yeah , well let 's put a lot of money into advertising , promoting the good looking singer , and radio play , and we 'll con the American people into spending money on our mediocre product which is full of boring filler . '' Wake up and smell the coffee . This band is boring . Do yourself a favor ; go to other pages on this Amazon site and order some music from people who actually know how to play their instruments well and know how to write non-boring songs . The level of musicianship and song writing skills on a large number of great recordings can not even be touched by Matchbox Twenty . There are many quality artists out there ; take time to find them . Many spend years and decades practicing and crafting their instrumental and songwriting skills only to be overshadowed by boring mediocre stuff like Matchbox Twenty who for some sad reason get support from the recording industry and radio stations . Let 's tell the recording industry to stop producing so much -LRB- yawn -RRB- boring products by only spending our hard earned money on the good stuff .
 This is one of the fakest bands in the history of music they gibe bands like the backstreet boys a bad name
 Hey , maybe Mad Season should put out an album called Matchbox 20 ! And Britney Spears could put out an album called Pearl Jam . And Jane 's Addiction could put out an album called Madonna . That would be so cool.Matchbox 20 is so cool !
 This group reminds me of Hooty and the Blowfish ... 1 GREAT album then what a let down !
 I purchased M20 's first album not really having heard anything of the bands work - as it does n't get much airplay in the UK , I instantly noticed the standout tracks - 3AM , Push and Real World.On first hearing this album I felt that the over-production -LRB- i.e. the incredibly irritating horns -RRB- detracted from the songs . Regarding the lyrics - there are no hidden meanings and the writing uses lots of obvious rhyming couples . Essentially , they are not as clever as the ones of their first album . `` If you 're gone '' starts well and then turns into something by Chicago with the horns ... they just sound to damn out of place . So second albums are notoriously difficult to do - this one is certainly proof of that.Bent is a great song , it just is n't a great M20 song . The song `` Angry '' seems to derive it 's sound very much from Bon Jovi 's Hey God -LRB- Opening track of These Days -RRB- . Of Rob Thomas - great voice , but he seems to be using the same part of his range throughout the album ... also , because of the overproduction - he 's often in danger of being downed out . What happened to the brilliance we witnessed on the Santana track?The worst track on this album has to be `` Black and White People '' - again the horns are featured on the track and it has few lyrical hooks.Hopefully the third album will be better . In my opinion , unless you are a completest - do n't bother and just borrow it off a mate .
 I am a pretty big fan of thier first album so I pre ordered this one . I am terribly diasappointed . This albums lacks any shred of the truth and intensity as thier first . The songs are now cluttered with studio work and backround noise . Ive heard more heartfelt songs from the backstreet boys . There is no real harmony to any of the songs.I gave it two stars because of the work the marketing team put in to book/cd case . Off to the used CD store it goes ...
 Matchbox 20 's last CD `` Yourself or Someone Like You '' was awesome ! I loved all of the songs on the CD , so I was incredibly disappointed when I got the new Mb20 CD `` Mad Season '' . I had high expectations and the only song I really enjoyed was `` Bent '' . All of the other tracks were hick-ish and did n't have the familiar Mb20 flavor .
 Just typical . A nothing band makes it big and then their follow-up album is a hyped-up commercially-dominated one made to sell more records . They have clearly lost the style that brought them out of obscurity . They are no REAL rock tracks on this record , just manufactured songs that strive to emulate their previous success . Matchbox 20 has discovered that the pop market is bigger than rock and have acted accordingly . Oh well , they had their 15 minutes .
 I liked Matchbox Twenty 's last album -LRB- when they were called Matchbox 20 instead -RRB- because it was filled with catchy pop tunes and Rob Thomas ' interesting vocal sound . While Mr. Thomas ' voice remains , the catchy pop tunes are gone . It 's a bland , rather lifeless collection of pop songs that try too hard to be more serious and weighty than the songs from the previous album .
 This CD is in HyperCD format . I ordered one , returned it ... ordered again and same thing ! This is a decade old format and it wo n't run without an internet connection ! defeats the purpose of getting a CD ... just trash !
 Simply a boring album . Every song has been done before . And better for that matter .
 This album gets very boring . After hearing Bent millions of times on the Radio , MTV , parties etc. , this cd kinda sux . I dont recommend buying this .
 If you 're expecting more of the riviting innovative alternative rock that you got with `` Yourself Or Someone Like You '' , forget it . This collection of songs sounds like it was recorded in one afternoon and then mixed for 12 months . The result is a compilation of songs that sounds like the Partridge Family 's second album . Some chalk this up to the band 's `` evolution '' but it 's pretty clear that little to no effort was make to produce an inspired follow-up to their debut CD . A real dissappointment from a band with so much talent .
 God I hate 90 's music and these guys represent everything that kept me from buying new band music in the past 10 yrs ... zero technical ability , horrible vocals , pretentious lyrics ... bring back the 80 's quick !
 If you want mindless , prefab drivel . Then by all means , buy a Matchbox 20 CD . But if you want better music than Matchbox 20 , buy anything else , no matter what it is , as long as it is original . This CD is not original , not groundbreaking , not talented , not awe-inspiring , nothing more than easy to write , prefebricated , mass produced , pop music with a buffed up shine and an attractive singer . Backstreet Boys with guitars . If thats what you want , you could even do better than Matchbox 20 , trust me , just keep looking .
 OK , i admit the first album was pretty good -LRB- real world was a good song , the rest were all eh -RRB- but this album ? dear GOD rock is dead . spelling out your name doesnt make you deep o talented , and this is pretentious , empty , cold , mechanical rock and roll . this has no soul , and nothing behind the lyrics . they 're disturbingly empty . theyre right down there with creed , and even nysnc , who at least dont pretend to have talentGOOD BANDS
 Argh !!! What happened to them ?!? ` Yourself Or Someone Like You ' is , in my opinion , one of the best albums ever conceived but this one falls flat on it 's face . While their debut album was full of classics this one only has two songs that warrent repeated playing - ` Bent ' and ` Mad Season ' . Normally when a band attempts to change it 's sound they fail spectacularily and this album is no exception . The only band that has ever managed to pull this off is The Suicide Machines and possibly Green Day . I 've gone off the point though ... Basically you should only buy this album if you can afford to spend your money on -LSB- worthless material -RSB- .
 How can people like thsi band ? Besides being talentless , they have the audacity to think that they are deep , intense and artistic . All the songs sound exactly the same - desperately seeking some deep meaning that they will never find . Sickening . Some people put them on level with such bands as Everclear , Bush -LRB- who , although i dislike , are talented -RRB- , Hole , Smashing Pumpkins , etc. . WRONG !! where these bands have talent , substance , and something to say , MB20 has nothing . Buy a good record . Buy ANYTHING . but do n't support the death of rock and roll .
 I hate this band . They were the flagship band representing what has been referred to as the `` medio-core '' movement ... rock with no balls or brains -LRB- also see third eye blind , eve 6 , marcy playground , etc. -RRB- It does n't provoke you to think , feel , or do anything . plus , the lead singer is probably the one of the most annoying humans to watch or listen to on the face of this planet.by the way , that 's a nice original album title , chumps . layne -LRB- a REAL musician from a REAL band -RRB- should come back from the grave and kick your asses .
 I 'm so scared that i 'll never be anything more than an awful singer with an even worse band !
 If you 're a person who enjoyed `` Yourself or Someone Like You '' , I would n't necessarly reccommend this album . Their first album was filled with many lyrical based songs that touched your emotions . The music was simple but it was lead by Thomas . In this new album , they 've changed a lot . It 's just not the same stuff . It 's not necessarily bad , just not the Matchbox 20 that I wanted to hear based on their first album . Bottom line is this
 I guess the band had nothing left after the first album , or maybe they 're trying to change their style to compete with all the pop groups . Their songs are pathetic at best . It 's does seem to be the perfect album for the middle-aged , though . When I was visiting my parents yesterday , they got a chance to hear it and they loved it .
 I believe that matchbox Twenty should be grateful I give this 2 stars . I would give it one but I find their first album to be a classic , so I give them another star for having potential . Beware of this album still . Every song from the first song to the last song sounds the same . I liked about 2 songs on this album and that 's it . I expected so much from this album but was disappointed to find out I bought a CD that belongs to be broken into many little pieces , and then into smaller pieces . Next time , matchbox Twenty , make a good album . This album will be collecting dust while I wait for your next CD .
 I am a pretty big fan of thier first album so I pre ordered this one . I am terribly diasappointed . This albums lacks any shred of the truth and intensity as thier first . The songs are now cluttered with studio work and backround noise . Ive heard more heartfelt songs from the backstreet boys . There is no real harmony to any of the songs.I gave it two stars because of the work the marketing team put in to book/cd case . Off to the used CD store it goes ...
 Well I enjoyed there first album . And when I heard Bent I thought it was a cool song . But that song and Last Beautiful Girl are the only songs I really like on the album . I tried to get into it and I couldnt . What is with all the silly horns and strings . A little of it is ok , but they went way overboard . They used it in songs that the mood of the song doesnt even fit with it . Being a musician some of the added horns and strings were n't even in the right key or major scale . They seemed some what off key at times which doesnt help at all . All the horns made it seem like they were going to Ska style music . I didnt know if they were still a pop rock band or Ska band . What this album needed was some more up beat tunes and more rock energy going like Bent sort of had . And less of those silly horns . So in conclusion of this review I would give this advise . If you really liked the song Bent dont expect the rest of the album to be like that at all ! Bent is a good song and it fooled me to think that the rest of the album was going to be that good . Unless you want to buy an album for two songs then buy it . But otherwise get a copy from a friend or MP3 it for free .
 I 've given this cd a listen and what I heard was by far the worst music I have ever listened to . I can not believe that rock and roll has reduced itself to a safe , predictable and bland sound that Matchbox Twenty has become known for . This band is everything wrong with rock music today . Rob Thomas lacks the songwriting skills of Bruce Springsteen and can never be measured up to Bruce when it comes to songwriting . The band itself can not compete with the power of bands such as Led Zeppelin and the Rolling Stones , who combined has more charisma than Matchbox Twenty.Rob 's songwriting is atrocious . I have n't seen such horrible songwriting from a rock band up until now . Songs like `` Crutch '' and `` Rest Stop '' made me wan na gag . Do n't even get me started on `` Bent '' either , that song was played to death . `` Angry '' ... oh god , the songwriting is truly terrible . Rob Thomas ca n't write a decent song even if he had the assistance of Bruce Springsteen , Ani Difranco , Tori Amos , PJ Harvey and Thom Yorke -LRB- of Radiohead -RRB- helping him out.I still scratch my head to how this band ever got popular . They 're more boring , bland , and too predictable to be passed off as a rock band . Rock and roll was never intended to be stuck in a rut that it is in right now , and I have Matchbox Twenty to thank for that .
 This CD illustrates perfectly what 's wrong with the music industry today
 Matchbox Twenty was my favorite band alongside Third Eye Blind for a long time after both of thier first albums came out . I loved both of them and listened to them equally , I still do . But when both of thier sophmore albums came out and I listened to them both through , I was so dissapointed by MB20 's new one that I sold it a month later . I listened to it for weeks , hoping that it might grow on me , but never did . Yes they have changes musically , but they sounded so much better on thier first , which I still adore . I feel like they have totally sold out , and I cant believe it . Third Eye Blind 's second album took about a week to grow on me , and was so much more powerful . I still love MB 20 , and I hope they go back to thier old style . I know all you MB20 hardcore fans out there will hate this review and scorn it , but I dont care , because I am one of you . Maybe I should have listened to it longer ... or not . The only good song on there was Bent , so I got an imported single . If you like that one , the first album is for you , because it rocks hard . It breaks my heart to say I do not recommend this album :-LRB- Sorry guys -LRB- I gave it 2 stars cuz of Bent and because I would NEVER give MB 20 1 -RRB-
 I had the Yourself or Someone Like You Album for about 2 years before Matchbox 20 became popular . I drove my friends crazy talking about how they were so wonderful . I loved the distinct sound of Rob Thomas 's lead vocals . I was thrilled to hear that Matchbox 20 was coming out with a new album and pre-ordered it a month and a half ahead of time . When I got the album I was extremely diappointed ! Aside from the song `` Bent '' , it seemed like I was listening to a different group . They have added new instruments and are much more subdued . I wish I would have waited to listen to someone else 's copy of this c.d. before I purchased it .
 I have nothing against Rob Thomas and the rest of the band . They can certainly sing and play their instruments competently enough to be considered `` talented '' HOWEVER I would never rank them with the likes of Keith Richards , the late John Lennon , Robert Plant and other rock legends . `` Bland '' , `` boring '' , `` unoriginal '' and `` uninspiring '' comes to mind whenever I think of this band because their music is just average , middle of the road , watered down rock music . I really found it annoying that a third of the album 's songs consists of one-word titles , not to mention unoriginal . I have heard `` Bent '' on the radio so many times that I have gotten to a point where I get extremely angry whenever it comes on the radio . `` If You 're Gone '' is n't too bad and it is catchy but it does n't do anything for me . The title track is somewhat better than `` Bent '' but not by much . `` Rest Stop '' is awful . I miss the days when rock and roll had a rebellious edge to its sound and lyrics but now thanks to bands like Matchbox Twenty , I want to avoid today 's current so-called rock bands like the bubonic plague . What saddens me is that Rob Thomas said once in an interview I read that he and his band are contented to being just an average , middle of the road band . Rock and roll was never intended to be just average nor middle of the road and that is why I think rock is dead when all we have is bands like Matchbox Twenty .
 After the unqualified success of their debut CD , this one is a huge disappointment . This collection of songs is heavily dependent on studio musicians to provide orchestra style embellishment to hollow un-original songs that the band was obviously pushed into writing and recording way before they were ready . The hidden track sounds like a high school band playing the star-wars theme in slow motion ... and that 's one of the better tracks . This band has obviously sold out to commercialism and does n't care about giving their fans innovative hard-hitting alternative music that the audience can feast on ... instead they revert to elevator musack with lyrics . What a shame .
 After a tremendous first effort `` yourself or someone like you '' , Mad Season was quite a disappoinment ! I would have thought , given the amount of time between releases , the band would have put together a decent effort . With the exception of `` Bent '' and `` Rest Stop '' the CD is musically weak ! For a band that is very talented and sounds great live , Mad Season must have been a rush job .
 Please , please , dont ` believe 'em ! Believe your own ears and try it before you buy ! Sorry to say after their -LRB- good , not excellent -RRB- debut album , but M20 totally lost their touch . If this is one of the best CD 's of the year , as somebody says , maybe I 'm Beethoven and I do n't know . It 's dull , repetitive , flat , borious , not one song that you can remember five minutes after playing it . You obviously ca n't believe me , but please at least listen to it before buying . My point of view is that it 's time to end with glorifying all these second-or-third-choice groups that try to imitate the leaders .
 When the debut was out , I actually liked Matchbox 20 for a while , thought they were a decent group.The debut had good songs like 3:00 a.m. and Long Day.A friend of mine had this cd and he let me borrow it.I thank the Lord that I did n't buy it.This album is about as horrible as it gets.Every song from Matchbox 20 is nothing more than recycled garbage.Every song is either about a girl that Rob Thomas loves , or a girl that left Rob Thomas.It 's so pathetic.Thanks to this cd , I found out what MB20 was all along , no good generic alternative rock music.But my best friend is a MB20 freak and buys every cd from then.He knows nothing about good music.Avoid this and please do n't buy their new one either .
 This new offering from Matchbox 20 is nothing like their 1st album . They have definitely gone over to the dark-side of soft rock . It is way too mellow for my taste .
 For those of you who are wondering whether or not to buy this alblum , do n't be mislead by the excessive 5-star ratings . It could get 3 from a die-hard fan.In an attempt to `` prove '' maturity and growth , MB20 has attmepted to add complexity to music that stood alone without it . It was Rob 's voice that carried the first alblum and the strong simple support of great guitar riffs and edgy powerful song writing that made the first alblum great.Mad season throws all of the above out the window and fills the songs with back-up melody and singing and adds ochestral pieces to almost every song . There is something to be said for simplicity and the band must have failed to understand what was attractive about their sound -- powerful simplicty.No doubt millions of copies will be sold , but it wo n't be because this is a better alblum , or even a good one , it will be simply becuase loyal fans want to hear a band that no longer exists on its sophomore release . Each song sounds like a disharmonic mess where all of the valuable characteristics have been covered over by complexity . If your not dissappointed , your in denile -- complex emptiness .
 I bought this CD a year-and-a-half ago , because of Rob Thomas ' ground-breaking album `` Yourself Or Someone Like You . '' I was very impressed upon listening to it , with his heart-felt work , and with his sincere-singing and songwriting efforts he puts into his music . Anyway , the majority of the tracks on this CD are awful , there 's only 2 - maybe 3 good songs - on the whole album . Needless to say , the lyrics -LRB- or the music -RRB- are n't as catchy on `` Mad Season '' as on their last album . -LRB- There 's nothing I hate more , than to diss an album that 's comes-up way short to pleasing the listener . -RRB- I 've tried adjusting my mind to some of ther other songs with this particular CD - but to no avail , I ended-up selling it at a local record store . It 's a sad situation , nonetheless . That being said , `` Mad Season '' is not one of Rob Thomas ' best work . But do n't take my word for it , you 'll have to find-out for yourself , if the compositions on this album are worth the 2-stars I 'm giving to this dissapointing album .
 ok ... im listening to this album EXPECTING to hear something like push ... the great alternative sound that i heard on thier last album ... and what do i hear ? HOOTIE AND THE FREAKIN BLOWFISH ! i mean come on ! they went soft on us . the whole album is slow and soft . i was hoping for a more mature and hard rock sound from these guys . . they had some promise . . but if that is the way they wan na go ... all power too them i guess . .
 This album is horribly dry , uninventive rock . I ca n't even pretend to like them on basis of aesthetic appeal . If you go for that sort of thing , pick it up . Otherwise , I recommend some thought provolking rock music , like Cursive 's `` Domestica . '' Hey , they 're whining , too , but at least they package it well .
 not a good album compared to the previous .
 Faceless , boring , nauseating , ridiculously commercial . All aptly describe this band 's 2nd offering . And as if Matchbox 20 was n't a bland enough name for a group , `` Matchbox Twenty '' is even worse.This is the kind of music that drivers of sport utility vehicles might listen to on the way to their corporate , suit-and-tie jobs because they find it `` rocking '' and `` alternative '' . The song `` Bent '' serves as a perfect example of what this album is about . Its about as middle-of-the-road as you can get . Rob Thomas is n't `` broken '' or `` depressed '' , he 's just a little `` bent '' and he needs some nice caring lady to show him a little love . In the land of Matchbox 20 , feeling `` bent '' is probably as bad as things ever get.By the way , they also released a limited edition paper-sleeve version of this album in a stap for a little credibility , so you could also look for that if this is the kind of music you like .
 After scoring a big hit with Yourself Or Someone Like You , Matchbox Twenty have obviously forgotten what they 're really supposed to be
 Mad Season sounds like a rushed effort to me and a mediocre album at best . Some of the songs are good , but not great and some sound like they belong on an `` easy listening '' station . Even the best songs on this album are n't even close to the quality of those on their last album . It almost sounds like you are listening to songs that did n't make the cut for their first album , `` B side '' songs . Even their radio hit `` Bent '' pails in comparison to `` 3 AM '' off their first . The entire album lacks energy and catchy tunes which their first album was so noted for . In fact , this album gets down right boring after a few listens . Rob Thomas is an excellent singer , but could not make up for this albums below-average song writing .
 Matchbox Twenty 's Yourself or Someone Like You was quite possibly one of the best albums ever . Many great hits such as `` Push '' , `` 3a . m. '' , and `` Real World '' were greatly accepted by the radio . Other songs on the album , while not so popular , also caught the appeal of Matchbox Twenty lovers . The imagery and creative thought provoking lyrics were incredible as well as the new sound that they were played in . Things were going great for Matchbox Twenty untill they decided to change their style and go with more of a pop sound . This is where they released their sell-out album Mad Season . A few of the songs on this album were similar to the previous sound but the overall effect of the CD was not nearly as capturing as Yourself or Someone like You . I would not reccomend this to anyone who enjoyed the sound of the preceeding album . I would hope that Matchbox Twenty realizes their mistake in this new sound and goes ad fontes or back to the sources with their next album
 I loved Matchbox Twenty 's first album ! It 's one of the best albums I 've ever heard , but what happened here ? It turns out they ditched the driving guitar sound of the first release , and went a totally different direction . Overall , the songs on this album are slower and more mellow than the first . In this case , that 's not exactly good because it makes the whole album seem like it was recorded in a week ! The opening track , `` Angry '' is a great way to open the album and I think it 's most reminescent of their old sound . It fooled me into thinking the rest of the album would be great too ! The only other good tracks are `` Black and White People '' , `` If You 're Gone '' , `` Bent '' , and `` Stop '' . The rest are really nothing special . And another thing
 When Matchbox 20 released their astounding debut `` Yourself Or Someone Like You '' , it became apparent that they had their work cut out for them to follow such a successful CD . So how does a band compete with itself and release a killer second album ? Obviously , it does n't . `` Mad Season '' lacks everything their sophmore CD offered . The songs seem like throw aways , as they fail to flow smoothly . The over-bearing and over done horns seems like a desparate attempt to carbon-copy Rob Thomas ' success with Santana 's `` Smooth '' . While their are a few decent songs on this disc , their are too few worth mentioning . Now Matchbox 20 has a bigger challenge , coming up with a third disc that will make everyone forget about this one . It 's either that , or they will become another one disc fluke band , like Hootie and the Blowfish . There are too many bands to suit the taste of too many fickle fans . MB20 should return to the style that gave them a fan base in the fist place . If they do n't , they will surely diminish , and fast .
 When I herd `` mad season '' I said to myself `` this is machbox 20 ? '' becuse it was slow music not the speed as like the one before ! `` I did ' t like it ''
 Yourself . . or someone like you was a wonderful album . So effortless , so glorious . The sound was pure . Matchbox 20 in thier new attempt , Mad Season , tried a little too hard to make this album a winner , and it shows in the music.Possibly afraid of falling victim to the sophomore jinx , you can tell Matchbox 20 tried their damndest on this album . Unfortunately it did n't work . This album is dull , boring , and lacks the luster of their previous work . The sound is forced , and very unnatural sounding.If you can bare listening to this album all the way through in its entirety without drifting off to greet Mr. Sandman , you are the clear winner in all of this.Message to Matchbox . . do n't force it .
 After a tremendous first effort `` yourself or someone like you '' , Mad Season was quite a disappoinment ! I would have thought , given the amount of time between releases , the band would have put together a decent effort . With the exception of a couple of songs such as `` Bent '' and `` Rest Stop '' , the CD is musically weak and has little substance .
 If you are expecting this CD to be anything like the first , then do n't buy it , because its not even close . I too , had been waiting -LRB- and waiting -RRB- for their next CD to come out , and I am so disappointed , I wish the music style was like the last . But this one is bluesy , with all these instruments and background vocals that ruin the songs . Do n't get me wrong , some songs are good , but the bottom line is that after 4 years -LRB- ? -RRB- you would think this CD would be way better ! Come on Matchbox 20 you can do so much better than this !
 If Hallmark cards had an accompanying soundtrack to them , this is what it would sound like ... . This is bland , by the numbers rock that I thought we left behind with Foriegner . But , since the record industry seems `` Bent '' on resurrecting NKOTB with the Backstreet Boys and such , they must have decided to continue the 80 's nostalgia with the 2000 model of Survivor -LRB- the band , not the show -RRB- ... Rob Thomas has a great rock voice , but until the lyrics drop the wounded soldier of love act , they will just make me want to `` Leave '' .
 Basically got this CD because of one song but found several others worthwihle . Besides several of these guys are from my hometown area .
 I was a huge Matchbox 20 fan even though I am not a fan of genre . But this CD is just too much of a change . Only one song sounds like the old . There is one good song in `` rest stop '' But they hardly even rock on here . This is a boring cd . I hope they do better next time
 After the first listening of matchbox twenty 's new album , I must say that I 'm disappointed . I was aware of the fact that the band had gone a different direction from their debut album , Yourself or Someone Like You , but Mad Season sounds like a completely different band . The horns and twangy riffs give the album a jazzy feel . The only similarities between Yourself or Someone Like You and Mad Season are Rob Thomas ' voice and the song `` Bent '' . If you are looking for an extension of matchbox twenty 's debut album , save your money . If you 're up for something different and have an open mind about matchbox twenty 's music , grab it today . Note
 Interesting idea for an album , i.e to show that the Bible is n't all love and sweetness , but that there is a huge amount of cruelty and evil and darkness in it too . The songs are n't particularly memorable though , and the silly voice thing does n't really work with such ` serious ' subject matter . The music sounds like it was written for a computer game . There are some nice instrumental tunes but they do n't redeem the album . Check out their early stuff for some real wacky music , especially commercial album . Thank you
 Uh , no . I 've heard that comparison a few times , and every time I do , it sounds crazier and crazier . This ... unusual album , which , I 'll admit , has decent rock and roll music and some clever refrences -LRB- the reason for my two star gift -RRB- does not even fall into the same category as the masterpiece
 i have never ever heard so much crap pressed into one cd . These guys need jobs real fast . cause i ca n`t believe anyone in his or her right mine would ever buy this if they knew what kind of stupid , infantile , music the resident have made . ps . why are there cocks in ever song
 The title and description of this DVD said it was Region 2 , but instead I got a PAL region 4 . I 'm not happy at all as this was for a European friend .
 At first this looks like a fly collection of tunes from Clinton 's solo career , which it would be if it were n't CENSORED . When the record labels do n't release multiple versions , `` clean '' , `` explicit '' , etc. , it seems reasonable to assume that you will be getting the artists original work , unadultered . Not so in this case , there is the one edition only , and it is censored . Not only that , but unlike a lot of the newer censored discs , its not just a word that 's omitted while the music continues
 Product described as new . It was used and the case was cracked and the front was not attached . Not too happy about how this was described . The CD worked tho ...
 Strictly for fans . I 'd pick 1.5 stars if I could . I love the sisters ' work , and have all of it , but find this album an effort . The contributions of the outsiders is unwelcome . If you 've heard great things about the McGarrigles and want to know where to start , stay away from this one . Buy instead Heartbeats Accelerating -LRB- my favourite -RRB- , Matapedia , or Kate and Anna McGarrigle -LRB- debut album -RRB- -- all 5 stars .
 A disappointment to one who loved their early work . The magic is just not there .
 I have always loved the McGarrigle sisters and this new cd sounded impressive because of the various artists involved , not just the McGarrigles . I was hoping to use one of the cuts on it for a short slide show I was making . Unfortunately -LRB- for me -RRB- there was no way to hear samples so I ordered the cd based on all of the reviews . I played it , I heard it , I was bored and disappointed because it did n't come close to the excellence and originality of past recordings . Quite frankly there is no reason to ever play it again . I offered it to my husband to keep in the car . Once he heard it , he declined my offer . In the future if there is n't an opportunity of hearing samples before ordering , I will not take the chance again .
 I only like 2 tracks of this album , In my opinion is a little boring . If you like the speedy Sonata Arctica , this album is not for you . At least `` Days of Grays '' is a better album
 Only in dedicated layering can this symphprog extend past so many of the cliches brazenly worn , rarely sustaining interesting structure before trailing off into carnival theatrics of the mediocre variety . I 'm sure if you are a fan of this type of melodic metal grandstanding there is much fun to be found but so many of these types of projects are inherently gutted from the start , where flatly plastic production underscores persistently average ambition .
 Following the trends , Sonata Arctica has bailed out on the hooks that made them popular , and opted for hookless parts of songs strung together in a pattern that I have yet to figure out . This is Power Metal 's equivalent to a jazz exploration . I would have to say that I do n't really recommend this album to people who like straightforward power metal , however if you like more progressive metal , you would be fairly at home with the random changes , odd time signatures , structureless feeling of the songs , and would likely enjoy it .
 I wanted to like this album . I really did . I gave it 2 solid weeks of non-stop listening.I love complex music , my favorite bands are Dream theater , Symphony X , ELP , and the like . But I always felt that songs had to be good SONGS first , and complex second . That 's why I fell in love with Sonata Arctica.This album soudns like the only thing they tried to do was NOT do a typical SA album . The songs are complex , but they do n't seem to make any musical sense . The melodies meander through different intervals , the chord progressions seem contrived and meter changes seem to be there for no reason at all . Complexity in and of itself does not make good music . The only song I really enjoy , Caleb , is ruined by the fact that the climax is someone saying in an annoyed voice `` Whatever , God '' . What a way to ruin a song . None of the songs seem to have definitive endings , and as each one fades off in seemingly the middle of a thought , I 'm left wondering if anything just happened.To me , take away the good melodies and SA is left with nothing . I look forward to their next effort . Tony is still one of my favorite metal vocalists ever , and Henkka has shown some amazing keyboards on this album . Hopefully they 'll learn from their mistakes . Reckoning Night proved you can move a little bit away from your old style while still writing good cogent music and not abandoning everything . Hopefully they 'll come back to some of the things that made them great .
 Im a big of them . Alot of the songs didnt go anywhere at werent catchy at all . There previous albums all were great . Theres nothing that comes close to The Cage , Full Moon among many others . Im glad i have Ecliptica coming in the mail after hearing this cd .
 Second most disappointing music purchase I 've made . The first being St. Anger . Sonata Arctica has always been a synth based band , but in this album the guitar is negligable .
 I did not enjoy ONE song on this CD . It is always a bands ' right to change direction radically , my wife does it all the time . But , at least -LRB- now -RRB- she warns me before she downshifts from 4th to 1st skipping the gears in between . If I wanted slow , moody , drippy vocals music I 'd buy Frank Sinatra or Dean Martin -LRB- I know that dates me , but who cares , you get the idea -RRB- . I have given 5 stars to every SA album they 've made , and I have them all . I like the style they were and hope they return to it . Having said that I will wait next time to hear the samples and read the reviews before I order the CD .
 I have been a fan of Sonata Arctica for a long time , but I was really disappointed in this CD . It is really not their best work .
 First off let me say that I have a LOT of respect for this band . I probably hold Sonata Arctica in my top 5 metal bands of all time.However , as excited as I am about the band , I found this album to be extremely disappointing.I heard many people say that Sonata had changed direction a little , for this album . And , it 's true , the album is quite different from any of the past recordings . It 's not that the songs are slower -LRB- as some have said -RRB- that bothered me -LRB- Actually the lack of continuous double kick was welcome ! -RRB- - I love Sonarta 's slower songs normally . Songs like Tallulah , Shamandalie , Replica , Broken and Graven Image are absolutely fantastic.The problem with this album is that it 's technically excellent , but melodically , well , weak !! It seems like the band are trying too hard to do something `` new '' and `` technical '' , but they are loosing something very special in the process . I can honestly say that the only song I would rate highly is `` Paid in Full '' , which sounds just like typical Sonata . The rest -LRB- although technically brilliant -RRB- just feel too abstract , with no real melody , or hook.Anyway , I bought this album purely on the merit of the band , having only heard -LRB- and loved -RRB- `` Paid in Full '' . My suggestion to anyone wanting to buy this album , is definitely TRY before you buy . And if you 're new to Sonata , try any of the previous albums before this one.I would n't say this album sucks - far from it , but to me it is weaker than any of the previous albums .
 In some sense , we have `` period '' performances of these symphonies
 Bad Religion is my favorite band . Ever . That being said ... I bought this CD because I had money and this was the only BR CD in the store . When I listened to it , my CD player 's batteries were low , so I could only listen to eight or nine songs before it turned off.THANK GOD ! It was hard to listen to nearly all of them . I know I have to listen to the rest , but it 'll be a struggle getting me near that CD ever again . The lyrics were n't too bad , but the melodies were too slow and so NOT Bad Religion . -LRB- I read the lyrics to A Street Kid Named Desire , and I thought I 'd like it , but it was slow and ... awful . -RRB- The only song that did n't make me want to press `` Skip '' is I Love My Computer , and even then I was tempted , namely because of the melody.Do not , I repeat , DO NOT waste your money on this . Get something else . Anything .
 Now let me just say I 'm not one of these people who hate Bad Religion , and I do n't think they are sell outs or anything like that , but this album is really really bad ! I listened to it like twice and just could n't make myself listen to it again . Now if you are looking for a really good , new , Bad Religion CD get Process of Belief -LRB- the following album to this one -RRB- , for me that was the return of the TRUE Bad Religion . This CD is a waste of your time and money .
 this is by far the worst bad religion cd ever , if your a big bad religion fan i know you wont be able to resist giving it a listen , but believe me it sucks and may damage your conception of what a great band this really is ... i know it did me.try no control and the gray race
 First bear in mind I love BR , so a 2 star BR album is still better than almost anything else out there but it does n't measure up to the artistic triumph of BR 's Generator , the passion and anger of BR 's Suffer and the technical/musical skill BR proved they had on Recipe for Hate . This is a really bad BR album . The lyrics are fairly insipid . There 's a song called `` I love my computer '' -LRB- which is coincidentally the most obviously sarcastic song ever -RRB- , this coming from the band who sang in I want to conquer the World on No Control `` Hey mother mercy can your loins bear fruit forever , / is your fecundity a trammel or a treasure ? '' . And the album is overproduced . Hopeless Housewife and a streetkid named desire , world without melody and 1000 memories -LRB- though the last 2 are overproduced -RRB- are good , but still do n't measure up to BR classics like American Jesus . Do n't Buy this album . Buy Suffer , Generator , or Recipe . If you want a new punk album thats brilliant get AFI 's Black Sails in the Sunset - Mike
 I 'm disappointed man , I really am . I am a HUGE Bad Religion fan ... have been for years ... This album marks the decline of a once fantastic band ... If their next album is a return to the stuff they used to do , I will forget about this record . It 's a departure from their usualy sound , and that 's ok with me , but the messages are convoluted and become lost . They try to attack everything at once , instead of just making a few good arguments . Your money is better spent on older BR albums .
 I 'm a huge Bad Religion fan and love their newer stuff but this is just subpar . I do n't have a problem with the slower style of writing ... the songs are just plain bad . There 's no catchy choruses or anything . Greg 's lyrics ar n't even that good . I 'd only recommend this to die hard BR fans and even they should buy it used.In it 's defense there are three decent songs . You 've Got A Chance , It 's A Long Way To The Promised Land , and Whisper In Time . The rest is filler .
 When I got this album I was excited beacause just 2 days b4 I bought stranger than fiction -LRB- which by the way is a great BR album -RRB- and I own the process of belief and the empire strikes first which are great albums , but when put the new america into my cd player I couldnt stand it it was horrible it sounded nothing like BR 's other albums it slower and less uhh rocking it is just a bad album there is not one good song on it .
 Probably being Bad Religion 's most controversial release of their career , `` The New America '' is the album that almost put the nail in the group 's coffin . Honestly I 've listened to this album hundreds of times . I 've tried to give it every possible chance I could to somehow see the genius in it , just like I 've done for `` The Grey Race '' and `` No Substance '' . But no matter how many times I listen to this album , I still arrive at the same conclusion ; This is by far Bad Religion 's worst release . Now before going off and getting upset , there 's plenty of legitimate and justifiable reasons as to why this album is bad . For a band of this standard -LRB- probably one of the greatest , if not the greatest , punk bands of modern music -RRB- this album is just not up to par . Although I give them plenty of credit for releasing this -LRB- hey it had been 19 years since they had put out their first album `` How Could Hell Be Any Worse ? '' -RRB- , there 's no way I can honestly say that this sounds like it should have come from an amazing band like Bad Religion.A brief history note first : Bad Religion 's career can basically be separated into four distinct eras . First there is their beginning which housed anything they released before their brief breakup and then reuniting -LRB- anything that was released before `` Suffer '' -RRB- . Next there is their prime , which saw them release a string of unbelievably good releases -LRB- `` Suffer '' , `` No Control '' , `` Against The Grain '' , `` Generator '' and `` Recipe For Hate '' -RRB- . Following you have their post-Brett period which showcased three below-average-for-this-band quality albums -LRB- `` The Grey Race '' , `` No Substance '' and this record `` The New America '' -RRB- , and finally the current era which now has them reunited with Brett and has seen two great pieces of music -LRB- `` The Process Of Belief '' and `` The Empire Strikes First '' -RRB- . Of course there are albums which fall out of these four respected divisions -LRB- Their compilations and various EPs and `` Stranger Than Fiction '' which was their transition album from `` Recipe For Hate '' -LRB- prime era -RRB- to `` The Grey Race '' -LRB- not so good era -RRB- -RRB- . `` The New America '' was the last of three mediocre albums from Bad Religion . Compared to anything the band put out in their `` Suffer '' era , this album feels totally recycled and contrived . The songs themselves hold no real substance and seem to drag on much past their relevance , even when they 're only three minutes . I swore I heard better versions of these songs on previous releases . For a band which was known for great guitar solos , powerful melodies and insightful lyrics , you 'd never guess it . While there are a few good tracks -LRB- `` You 've Got A Chance '' , `` 1000 Memories '' and `` Do n't Sell Me Short '' -RRB- , most everything here is slow and boring . The passion that embodied previous releases is all but gone , and for sake of sounding over-critical the band really does sound like they were ready to throw in the towel . In the past Bad Religion were known prominently for their distinct political messages and views on free-thinking and religion , but this time around the lyrics are all but stale -LRB- and of considerably lesser quality than anything written previously -RRB- . Not to mention Greg seems terribly uninterested in singing them . His voice used to have a certain presence to it , but now it just feels like he 's going through the motions -LRB- much like the rest of the band -RRB- , almost like `` ok let 's do another album , here 's my vocals '' . Look at `` Whisper In Time '' or the god awful `` I Love My Computer '' and try to tell me different . Also there 's a terrible use of the backing vocals that have always made Bad Religion 's music so great.There are plenty of reasons which could be attributed to why these things make this album bad . One could argue Bad Religion had simply run out of ideas , and no longer possessed the same intensity and passion for writing music that they did on their earlier releases . However the following record `` Process of Belief '' totally destroys that theory . It could also be said that the label -LRB- Atlantic -RRB- had a hand in this and changed the band 's sound . Too bad they were dropped shortly after this record hit the shelves . The simplest explanation was simply that they were in a slump after parting ways with Brett -LRB- who left the band to manage his record label Epitaph primarily -RRB- . If you look at their last album with Brett , `` Stranger Than Fiction '' and their first one after reuniting with him , `` The Process Of Belief '' , this seems to be the most logical explanation . The three albums that fell in between these two releases are anything but memorable and show just how much the band suffered from Brett 's departure.Now I understand that Bad Religion are no longer in this slump -LRB- just listen to `` Process Of Belief '' -RRB- , but that does n't make this album any better . `` The New America '' is totally forgettable , and almost laughable at times . Not laughing in the good way though , laughing in the way that you ca n't believe you spent money on it . Aside from the 3 or 4 good songs , you have an album more or less compiled of `` No Substance '' and `` The Grey Race '' b-sides -LRB- or so it feels like -RRB- and that 's not a good thing . Even if I had never heard another Bad Religion release , I still would n't change my view on this record . Boring music is boring music . Period . While I have the utmost respect for this band and what they do , and they still are one of my highest regarded and favorite groups , `` The New America '' is simply not up to standards . If you are looking for something from these guys , check out anything from `` Suffer '' to `` Recipe For Hate '' first . If you must , sample `` The New America '' sparingly . While it may not be anything to write home about , at least it paved the way for Bad Religion to return back to Epitaph and release the phenomenal `` Process Of Belief '' . For that reason I guess it serves some purpose . Otherwise avoid .
 I hate to say bad things about one of my favorite bands ... but this album by BAD RELIGION is really uninspired and kinda POP ... this one and the lame NO SUBSTANCE are the worst stuff BAD RELIGION done ... The band really missed Mr. Brett ...
 I went out this sunday and bought The New America at a store and quickly threw it into the player in hopes to hear tunes like modern nam and no control but instead I was disapointed by the toned down selection of music that played out of the earphones . I 've been listening to BR for a few years now and this is by far their least impressive album . If you want some sweet punk sounds then buy `` All Ages '' and wait till their next release comes out , hopefully with more upbeat music that will remind us of when we all bought our first Bad Religion cd and used it so much that our cd player died .
 and this is it ... this is just real bad ... im mean burn it and forget about it bad ...
 I have been a BR fan for over 15 years now and this is by FAR their worst album next to ` Recipe for Hate ' . The lyrics to the songs are in fact great but the melodies are just not up to par . It seems like the songs on the album start off well but the rest of the way seems like there 's just no substance . There really is only two or three good songs on this CD -LRB- Hopeless Housewife & 1000 Memories -RRB- and those songs are not the best BR has to offer . I 'm very dissapointed and I hope the next album will be a lot better .
 Please tell me this is n't a Bad Religion album.I can not believe they slapped their names on this . What you get here is an ultra-slick , poppy album in the vein of , oh , say , Blink 182 mixed with the Offspring . It 's almost bubble gummy , the vocal harmonies are cheesy and almost boy bandish at times , and overall , the songwriting is ultra cheesy.Yeesh . Avoid this too .
 THIS CD SUX HORRIBLY , ITS DISGUSTINGLY OPTIMISTIC AND SOUNDS LIKE IT WAS RECORDED WHILE THE BAND WAS ON PROZAC.THE NEW AMERICA BY BAD RELIGON IS A BAD CD AND SHOULD BE AVOIDED AT ALL COSTS , ALL PEOPLE DO IS GO ON AND ON ABOUT HOW THIS BAND DIDNT SELL OUT.WELL YOU KNOW WHY THEY DIDNT SELL OUT?BECAUSE THEY SUCK SO MUCH THEY COULNDT POSSIBLY SELL OUT LET ALONE BE POPULAR.DONT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I MADE ... SAVE YOUR MONEY
 A decent sophomore effort by the Smog , but still not great . If you are new to Golden Smog , get the most recent album first and work back . Otherwise , you will not like what you hear at all .
 Blondie 's last good album was `` Eat to the Beat . '' This is a pale imitation of how fresh and original they used to be . It sounds like they 've been reduced to imitating themselves . In other words , this album sucks .
 First of all , let me say that I worship Deborah Harry and Blondie but honest enough to say when I 'm not a fan of something . I recently listened to `` The Curse of Blondie '' several times . After hearing the brilliance of `` No Exit '' I expected nothing less . This current effort is a `` Debravation '' sequel . Trying to be modern but falls short , lacking Blondie 's ability to be unique . Mostly mired in overproduction , in this case , too much is too much . The only shining songs are `` Rules for Living '' and `` Backround Melody '' which are partly penned by Jimmy Destri . It 's apparent after a song like `` Maria '' -LRB- and oldies too many to list -RRB- that he is the key songwriter in the band . The rest of the CD tries to sound new , like `` Good Boys '' which makes me think of Kylie Minogue 's latest hit crossing with `` Rush , Rush '' . However , in a positive note Deborah sounds fabulous and her voice gets better with time . Bonus points for `` Magic '' , tapping a musical genre that no one in my memory has touched . However , I felt like all was wasted . I sigh wondering where Mike Chapman is ...
 It 's just not the Blondie I know and love .
 The single `` Good Boys '' is great , sounds like classic Blondie . The rest suffers from mediocre material and uninspired production . From 1976 to 1981 Blondie recorded 5 great records , `` Blondie '' , `` Plastic Letters '' , `` Parallel Lines '' , `` Eat to the Beat '' , and `` Autoamerican '' . All great , especially Parallel Lines and Eat to the Beat . Avoid anything after 1982 , `` The Hunter '' , `` No Exit '' and this one .
 I really enjoyed No Exit and the recent live album , so was looking forward to another new Blondie album . They really changed direction here and I 'm sad to say this is an awful album . I 've been unable to listen to it all the way through ; I just find it to be annoying . Whereas No Exit had a variety of styles , this one seems to be more of a disco album . I was never a big disco fan , but I felt that Blondie was able to pull it off successfully in the past . They were a tight and talented bad . I hope they continue to record , but more away from this style of music . Unless you are a big disco fan , I recommend you stay away from the Curse of Blondie .
 This is another poor effort from Blondie . As with their last album `` No Exit '' there is only one good song on the cd . This one 's `` Maria '' is `` Good Boys . '' Once you hear that song the rest of the album sounds boring and lacks hooks . If only Blondie could make an album with 10 songs like `` Good Boys '' they could make a big comeback!I can only look back and remember their glory days of `` Parallel Lines '' and `` Eat to the Beat . '' If you do n't have those two albums , go get them now ... Even `` AutoAmerican '' would be a better purchase .
 be ware , I have no idea how this cd got more than one star by other people , I am a big fan and still can not persuade myself after numerous listens that this cd has any musical merit.It is worse than no exit and the hunter and worse than Debbies solo efforts.The songs are lacking in real instruments that Blondie no how to use and rely on modern day elevator sounds.The songs are also pour , no hooks , beat or anything memorable and that is at best , the slow songs sound like a grade 1 class singinging with their teacher , the experimental songs are just irritating.If you consider classic Blondie to be Parrallel lines , Eat to the beat and Autoamerican this disc has no parrallel , I was dissapointed with no Exit but it still had its moments.The song Diamond Bridge on this disc is a classic and if the other 13 were as good you would have another Parrallel lines , great lyrics , great hook , fantastic drumming and backing vocals , bringing to mind the classic Call me.Wait for Diamond bridge as a single and dont curse your visitors by playing the rest of the cd in their company .
 I thought , with ` No Exit ' Blondie really kicked off their second career part . Forgotten were the terrible ` The Hunter ' and ` Autoamerican ' albums ... but ` The Curse of Blondie ' is just terrible . It 's neither fish nor flesh ... it does n't rock , but it is not a good pop album either . I am not sure , what the band tried to do . If you do n't believe me , listen to ` Desire Brings Me Back ' and tell me , what this song should be . Terrible ! Too bad , here I thought Blondie had a couple of additional ` Eat to the Beat ' or ` Parallel lines ' CDs in them ... but I was wrong .
 The new album is so-so , from a fan 's point of view , there are some great vocal stylings especially on `` Good Boy '' but the album reminds me of some of the Jazz Passengers material . Blondie is trying to come up with some new ideas for a new audience and the material may work well for hard core fans but I do n't think that the North American market will appreciate the album . Overall the production is sleek and the North American release is slated for 2004 , which should bring down the cost of the album .
 Sad to rate it only 1 star , but I ca n't help it
 Cut the `` experimental '' filler , and this would be a great pop album . Program these tracks
 Wow ! Big Blondie fan , thought No Exit was great , but this CD is horrible ! Do n't know the history , but as an import , if this was an attempt at Europop , Eurotrash , Eurowhatever , it 's a flop ! Vapid lyrics , boring riffs , and most of the tracks sound like copies of older hits . A must-avoid .
 i was hoping this once-amazing band would redeem themselves and break back into the mainstream , and possibly chart a song.this album is not very good . half of it is unlistenable , monotonous jazz/rock . i wouldnt know what else to call it.the music doenst grab you with a sense of excitement , anticipation , or unease , as blondie had done in past work.i think this is an improvement from `` no exit '' , but not by much . id say for curious fans of rock/punk , go with the compilations , then if you must , the big 3
 If you 've experienced ` live ' chanting , without musical background , this CD will not bring that experience ` back ' . I was hoping for male voices , chanting in unison . This CD contains 2 entries , both of the same song . The first version has singing with it , the other is the instrumental only .
 I found this CD single to be quite a let-down as compared to the tracks on `` Confessions '' -LRB- the album from which this single was spawned -RRB- . The first track -LRB- `` A Girl ... '' -RRB- starts out with an interesting beat , but then just repeats on ad-nauseum . It got really old , really fast , and I got tired of it just listening to it for several minutes in the car . The second track is just a re-work on a piece on `` Confessions of a Knife '' , but stretched too thin to really offer anything new.I always give a CD a second chance , so I 've listened to it a few times since and been similarly annoyed and bored with it.Stick with TKK 's other stuff , and you 'll be happier . Cuz it 's Hot ? Cuz it 's Not .
 My 1 star rating applies to the quality of the CD itself , not to 2pac or the album . We all know where 2Pac stands in the history of rap music . That 's not even up for debate . But as for this CD being labeled &#34; original recording remastered &#34; ------ trust me . It 's not . I already own the original CD that came out in 1995 , and was always a bit surprised that it had a muted sounding feeling . So when I came across this version on Amazon , I was looking forward to hearing 2pac on a remastered album . I was duped . It sounds exactly the same . No difference . For comparison sake , I have Biggie 's original Ready to Die CD that came out in 1994 . When the remastered version came out a few years ago , I gave it a try . Huge difference . Everything sounded crystal clear . Biggie 's voice sounded like a muzzle had been lifted . The lows were lower and the highs were higher . This was truly a remastered version . But if you already own Me Against the World , and are thinking that this album sounds any different ----- do n't . It sounds exactly the same . Pretty disappointed that Amazon would advertise it as such .
 The case was screwed up . Scratches everywhere !!!!!!!! The disc Was chipped . It was not what was said it was going to be .
 I remember back in my old days , when I was in my rap/hip hop phase , & pondering just what the Hell everybody found so wonderful about this guy . Everybody calls him some incalculably beautiful poet or whatever , but you could n't get me to agree with you on that . His lyrics are basically all just a bunch of angsty drivel about how terribly chaotic life as a black thug is , or how much he loves his mama , with a bunch of generic rhyming & cuss words sprinkled throughout . Honestly , I do n't think you could call him an incalculably beautiful poet when his subject matter is so limited that you hear the words `` penitentiary , '' `` drugs , '' & `` mama '' in literally every song , especially when they 're surrounded on all sides by about 50 metric tons of lyrical filler.The music itself is rather boring & uninteresting , as well
 2pac really was a great artist and he deserves all the credit hes getting , but this album really lacked . i wanted to like it . i listened to it and really tried to like it ! but it was just BORING . i think the subject matter and the situation pac was in does add another dimension to the album . . but the music just doesnt back it up . ah well . i still love pac but this is one of his few weak albums .
 2Pac is the best rapper known . His music explains exactly how i feel everyday . I relate to his music and his feelings . His song : Me Against the World '' explains what it is like to be separated from everything around us . It shows us the truth about how people discriminate and classify people . Tupac is the best artist out there because he is REAL and his music comes from the deep dark truth of how life really is on the other side of the tracks . I love you Tupac !
 More exaltation for a dead guy who not only created his own problems , but blamed society for most of them . And now his mental problems are marketed to teens who essentially believe all his miserable bullcrud and end up ruining their lives themselves . Well brothas , you only live once ... do n't waste it in prison . Keep pishing and moaning about how hard your life is , and you just might be another victim of 2PAC and his sad mental disorder.There are other things in the world besides being obsessed with the THUGGZZ book of conduct .
 I thought this was pacs best album personlly but at the end of the day I still think he be the most overrated rapper ever ... after 50 cent sorry , I didnt like the way he was always fulla sh*t , westside westside when hes from the east , the realest hardest dude when he used to ballet dance in tutus , sayin one thing one second then diffrent thing tha next , good rapper but no way the best , Rakim , Big L , and the G.O.A.T BIG !! RIP PAC , NOTORIOUS BIG and BIG L
 2pac 's fans are like a cult . They blame people for being ignorant and bigoted yet they present themselves just as narrow-minded as the ones they accuse . If Tupac 's music is even questioned , his blind legion of fans will swarm immediately defending their dead icon while taking someone 's individual opinion as a personal assault . Thus , it never occurred to you fans that it might be essential to practice what you preach ? How many of you are actually permissive enough to sit down and have the patience to indulge into an album like Tool 's `` Aenima '' ? How many of you have the tolerance to endure a metal masterpiece such as Slayer 's `` Reign In Blood '' ? How about just having some appreciation for the amazing production in a classic piano piece like Chopin 's `` Polonaise '' ? If anything , rap fans are the most narrow-minded people I have ever encountered in my entire life . I am 18 and just finished high school where rap was the most popular genre of music that everyone listened to . I would always receive a condescending smirk followed by a head shaking from one of my classmates when they ask me what I was listening to in my CD player and the answer was not hip hop or r & b. ; Ironically , I consider myself as a rap fan . I thoroughly enjoy NWA , Public Enemy and Wu-Tang Clan and even new age hip hop artists such as Outkast have the ability to bring talent on the table.Similar to poets and artists , many musicians will receive more sales and fame once they die . People are oblivious to claim this as false . Van Gough , an artist who failed to sell one painting in his entire lifetime only achieved success after death . Even a mediocre band by the name of Nirvana reached cult-like status after the demise of Kurt Cobain . Thus , the same can be said for the Notorious BIG and 2pac . BIG 's `` Life After Death '' sold 10 million albums worldwide and is claimed as the best selling rap album of all time . Sure the guy can rap , but would he have achieved the same status if he was alive ? I highly doubt it . Similar to BIG , Tupac has become a legend after his death . -LRB- Watch out Martin Luther King and Malcolm X -RRB- But ever since 1996 , his releases after death have been nothing but money making propaganda . -LRB- Take this CD for example -RRB- His thug life gangster image has been portrayed over and over , presently paving the way to success for phoney up and comers like 50 cent . Is this what music is about ? Image?Greatest hits ? More like the greatest reason why music has been going to sh*t
 personally , i think this iz da worst album he az ever done . I thought it would be betta . the only songs i like is me against the world and dear mama , THAT 'S IT , the rest just absoluteley SUCK , disgraceful , the worst music I 've ever listened to . this cd is not worth a penny , it stinks , period
 To all Christians that see this CD in your local Christian store or in the Christian music section be fore warned this is not a Gospel CD . It is R&B ; masquerading as Gospel . No one in the R&B ; market would sign George Huff so he convinced Word Records that he really is a Gospel artist . And an artist he is , let 's look at the picture he paints
 This fake attempt to lure the gospel audience due to the fact that he could n't ink a R&B deal sucks ! Good voice , but no passion . If you gon na do gospel , you need to live the life and be anointed ! No feeling !!!
 George needs more work . He does n't sing his songs so well and they all sound the same.Jumpy fun George is gone . Too bad but he was nice guy , maybe next time!Save your money and buy Bo Bice 's new AWESOME , AMAZING , album called The Real Thing ! Bo will show you how it 's done ! Bo 's the REAL DEAL folks ! Bo blows all the other Idols who ever went on the show out of the water , makes them look real bad
 Please do not think this is The Supremes , it is 3 women who are not the Supremes ... . I ca n't believe they are allowed to try to fool us into thinking the are the real thing ... DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY
 this is not the superb swedish duo mentioned above , but dreadful thrash metal !
 Putting aside the fact that the songs on this disc are great tunes , I bought this based on the title . Shame on me for thinking that these were `` extended versions '' of the cuts when in fact they are the exact same versions from `` Twenty '' and `` Live from Steeltown '' . I ca n't understand why the previous reviewers are going so crazy over this . Do n't you guys already own the aforementioned two CDs ?
 When I first saw this CD I thought it was all the hits on one CD until I played it on my computer so I could hear '' Sweet Home Alabama '' and when it started to play it , it was LIVE !!!! It said nowhere on the case it was live , and I am not a big fan of live CDS ! So if you think this is a '' greatest hits '' CD with the original studio recordings , its not .
 This is not an album of extended versions , but instead a live album -LRB- I guess it was recorded from Pittsburg , but I 'm not sure if all of the cuts are . -RRB- The songs sound terrible and this is a complete waste of money except for very select Skynyrd fans .
 this is not the superb swedish duo mentioned above , but dreadful thrash metal !
 Probably being Bad Religion 's most controversial release of their career , `` The New America '' is the album that almost put the nail in the group 's coffin . Honestly I 've listened to this album hundreds of times . I 've tried to give it every possible chance I could to somehow see the genius in it , just like I 've done for `` The Grey Race '' and `` No Substance '' . But no matter how many times I listen to this album , I still arrive at the same conclusion ; This is by far Bad Religion 's worst release . Now before going off and getting upset , there 's plenty of legitimate and justifiable reasons as to why this album is bad . For a band of this standard -LRB- probably one of the greatest , if not the greatest , punk bands of modern music -RRB- this album is just not up to par . Although I give them plenty of credit for releasing this -LRB- hey it had been 19 years since they had put out their first album `` How Could Hell Be Any Worse ? '' -RRB- , there 's no way I can honestly say that this sounds like it should have come from an amazing band like Bad Religion.A brief history note first : Bad Religion 's career can basically be separated into four distinct eras . First there is their beginning which housed anything they released before their brief breakup and then reuniting -LRB- anything that was released before `` Suffer '' -RRB- . Next there is their prime , which saw them release a string of unbelievably good releases -LRB- `` Suffer '' , `` No Control '' , `` Against The Grain '' , `` Generator '' and `` Recipe For Hate '' -RRB- . Following you have their post-Brett period which showcased three below-average-for-this-band quality albums -LRB- `` The Grey Race '' , `` No Substance '' and this record `` The New America '' -RRB- , and finally the current era which now has them reunited with Brett and has seen two great pieces of music -LRB- `` The Process Of Belief '' and `` The Empire Strikes First '' -RRB- . Of course there are albums which fall out of these four respected divisions -LRB- Their compilations and various EPs and `` Stranger Than Fiction '' which was their transition album from `` Recipe For Hate '' -LRB- prime era -RRB- to `` The Grey Race '' -LRB- not so good era -RRB- -RRB- . `` The New America '' was the last of three mediocre albums from Bad Religion . Compared to anything the band put out in their `` Suffer '' era , this album feels totally recycled and contrived . The songs themselves hold no real substance and seem to drag on much past their relevance , even when they 're only three minutes . I swore I heard better versions of these songs on previous releases . For a band which was known for great guitar solos , powerful melodies and insightful lyrics , you 'd never guess it . While there are a few good tracks -LRB- `` You 've Got A Chance '' , `` 1000 Memories '' and `` Do n't Sell Me Short '' -RRB- , most everything here is slow and boring . The passion that embodied previous releases is all but gone , and for sake of sounding over-critical the band really does sound like they were ready to throw in the towel . In the past Bad Religion were known prominently for their distinct political messages and views on free-thinking and religion , but this time around the lyrics are all but stale -LRB- and of considerably lesser quality than anything written previously -RRB- . Not to mention Greg seems terribly uninterested in singing them . His voice used to have a certain presence to it , but now it just feels like he 's going through the motions -LRB- much like the rest of the band -RRB- , almost like `` ok let 's do another album , here 's my vocals '' . Look at `` Whisper In Time '' or the god awful `` I Love My Computer '' and try to tell me different . Also there 's a terrible use of the backing vocals that have always made Bad Religion 's music so great.There are plenty of reasons which could be attributed to why these things make this album bad . One could argue Bad Religion had simply run out of ideas , and no longer possessed the same intensity and passion for writing music that they did on their earlier releases . However the following record `` Process of Belief '' totally destroys that theory . It could also be said that the label -LRB- Atlantic -RRB- had a hand in this and changed the band 's sound . Too bad they were dropped shortly after this record hit the shelves . The simplest explanation was simply that they were in a slump after parting ways with Brett -LRB- who left the band to manage his record label Epitaph primarily -RRB- . If you look at their last album with Brett , `` Stranger Than Fiction '' and their first one after reuniting with him , `` The Process Of Belief '' , this seems to be the most logical explanation . The three albums that fell in between these two releases are anything but memorable and show just how much the band suffered from Brett 's departure.Now I understand that Bad Religion are no longer in this slump -LRB- just listen to `` Process Of Belief '' -RRB- , but that does n't make this album any better . `` The New America '' is totally forgettable , and almost laughable at times . Not laughing in the good way though , laughing in the way that you ca n't believe you spent money on it . Aside from the 3 or 4 good songs , you have an album more or less compiled of `` No Substance '' and `` The Grey Race '' b-sides -LRB- or so it feels like -RRB- and that 's not a good thing . Even if I had never heard another Bad Religion release , I still would n't change my view on this record . Boring music is boring music . Period . While I have the utmost respect for this band and what they do , and they still are one of my highest regarded and favorite groups , `` The New America '' is simply not up to standards . If you are looking for something from these guys , check out anything from `` Suffer '' to `` Recipe For Hate '' first . If you must , sample `` The New America '' sparingly . While it may not be anything to write home about , at least it paved the way for Bad Religion to return back to Epitaph and release the phenomenal `` Process Of Belief '' . For that reason I guess it serves some purpose . Otherwise avoid .
 this is by far the worst bad religion cd ever , if your a big bad religion fan i know you wont be able to resist giving it a listen , but believe me it sucks and may damage your conception of what a great band this really is ... i know it did me.try no control and the gray race
 First bear in mind I love BR , so a 2 star BR album is still better than almost anything else out there but it does n't measure up to the artistic triumph of BR 's Generator , the passion and anger of BR 's Suffer and the technical/musical skill BR proved they had on Recipe for Hate . This is a really bad BR album . The lyrics are fairly insipid . There 's a song called `` I love my computer '' -LRB- which is coincidentally the most obviously sarcastic song ever -RRB- , this coming from the band who sang in I want to conquer the World on No Control `` Hey mother mercy can your loins bear fruit forever , / is your fecundity a trammel or a treasure ? '' . And the album is overproduced . Hopeless Housewife and a streetkid named desire , world without melody and 1000 memories -LRB- though the last 2 are overproduced -RRB- are good , but still do n't measure up to BR classics like American Jesus . Do n't Buy this album . Buy Suffer , Generator , or Recipe . If you want a new punk album thats brilliant get AFI 's Black Sails in the Sunset - Mike
 I 'm disappointed man , I really am . I am a HUGE Bad Religion fan ... have been for years ... This album marks the decline of a once fantastic band ... If their next album is a return to the stuff they used to do , I will forget about this record . It 's a departure from their usualy sound , and that 's ok with me , but the messages are convoluted and become lost . They try to attack everything at once , instead of just making a few good arguments . Your money is better spent on older BR albums .
 I 'm a huge Bad Religion fan and love their newer stuff but this is just subpar . I do n't have a problem with the slower style of writing ... the songs are just plain bad . There 's no catchy choruses or anything . Greg 's lyrics ar n't even that good . I 'd only recommend this to die hard BR fans and even they should buy it used.In it 's defense there are three decent songs . You 've Got A Chance , It 's A Long Way To The Promised Land , and Whisper In Time . The rest is filler .
 When I got this album I was excited beacause just 2 days b4 I bought stranger than fiction -LRB- which by the way is a great BR album -RRB- and I own the process of belief and the empire strikes first which are great albums , but when put the new america into my cd player I couldnt stand it it was horrible it sounded nothing like BR 's other albums it slower and less uhh rocking it is just a bad album there is not one good song on it .
 and this is it ... this is just real bad ... im mean burn it and forget about it bad ...
 I have been a BR fan for over 15 years now and this is by FAR their worst album next to ` Recipe for Hate ' . The lyrics to the songs are in fact great but the melodies are just not up to par . It seems like the songs on the album start off well but the rest of the way seems like there 's just no substance . There really is only two or three good songs on this CD -LRB- Hopeless Housewife & 1000 Memories -RRB- and those songs are not the best BR has to offer . I 'm very dissapointed and I hope the next album will be a lot better .
 Please tell me this is n't a Bad Religion album.I can not believe they slapped their names on this . What you get here is an ultra-slick , poppy album in the vein of , oh , say , Blink 182 mixed with the Offspring . It 's almost bubble gummy , the vocal harmonies are cheesy and almost boy bandish at times , and overall , the songwriting is ultra cheesy.Yeesh . Avoid this too .
 THIS CD SUX HORRIBLY , ITS DISGUSTINGLY OPTIMISTIC AND SOUNDS LIKE IT WAS RECORDED WHILE THE BAND WAS ON PROZAC.THE NEW AMERICA BY BAD RELIGON IS A BAD CD AND SHOULD BE AVOIDED AT ALL COSTS , ALL PEOPLE DO IS GO ON AND ON ABOUT HOW THIS BAND DIDNT SELL OUT.WELL YOU KNOW WHY THEY DIDNT SELL OUT?BECAUSE THEY SUCK SO MUCH THEY COULNDT POSSIBLY SELL OUT LET ALONE BE POPULAR.DONT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I MADE ... SAVE YOUR MONEY
 Now let me just say I 'm not one of these people who hate Bad Religion , and I do n't think they are sell outs or anything like that , but this album is really really bad ! I listened to it like twice and just could n't make myself listen to it again . Now if you are looking for a really good , new , Bad Religion CD get Process of Belief -LRB- the following album to this one -RRB- , for me that was the return of the TRUE Bad Religion . This CD is a waste of your time and money .
 Bad Religion is my favorite band . Ever . That being said ... I bought this CD because I had money and this was the only BR CD in the store . When I listened to it , my CD player 's batteries were low , so I could only listen to eight or nine songs before it turned off.THANK GOD ! It was hard to listen to nearly all of them . I know I have to listen to the rest , but it 'll be a struggle getting me near that CD ever again . The lyrics were n't too bad , but the melodies were too slow and so NOT Bad Religion . -LRB- I read the lyrics to A Street Kid Named Desire , and I thought I 'd like it , but it was slow and ... awful . -RRB- The only song that did n't make me want to press `` Skip '' is I Love My Computer , and even then I was tempted , namely because of the melody.Do not , I repeat , DO NOT waste your money on this . Get something else . Anything .
 I went out this sunday and bought The New America at a store and quickly threw it into the player in hopes to hear tunes like modern nam and no control but instead I was disapointed by the toned down selection of music that played out of the earphones . I 've been listening to BR for a few years now and this is by far their least impressive album . If you want some sweet punk sounds then buy `` All Ages '' and wait till their next release comes out , hopefully with more upbeat music that will remind us of when we all bought our first Bad Religion cd and used it so much that our cd player died .
 I hate to say bad things about one of my favorite bands ... but this album by BAD RELIGION is really uninspired and kinda POP ... this one and the lame NO SUBSTANCE are the worst stuff BAD RELIGION done ... The band really missed Mr. Brett ...
 Believe it or not the people who put this together actually CUT part of a song from the Carnegie Hall album because they did n't like it ! When people are disrespectful in that kind of way to the integrity of the material you know you 're not getting top quality stuff.There are some good things scattered through the album -- maybe some of it is not available elsewhere . The book that comes with it has some wonderful pictures and a hodge-podge of essays , some good/interesting , some poorly written .
 This is without a doubt a great song , except for the Chipmunks who are scatting on it . The REAL version from Scatman John is far better . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 Woke up one morning , brushed my teeth , had a shower , and off i went to town , picked up the new so solid crew cd , merrily went off home to go and listen to it . Got home fed the budgie went upstairs and put the cd in the cd player.I was shocked , I was flabbergasted , the cd player wasnt working . After a couple of minutes i realised it wasnt plugged into the mains . Anyway off i went listenin to the cd.It started off with a song called haters . By the time this song ended i had gone from liking this group of wanabee gangstas to hating them myself . Terrible song.Then there was `` oh no '' . Yep thats exactly what i was sayin wen i heard the remix to it . OH NO WHAT THE -LSB- HECK -RSB- IS THIS *** !!! Then the 21 seconds song . Now picture this i have been tortured for 35 minutes so far by listenin to this cd . Then im given this song . ive tried being patient and ive tried being reasonable but this song made me lose it.This cd should be used for boxers at the start of their fights cos it would really get them wound up or maybe instead of the electric chair put the criminal in a room wid this cd playing.worst album ever
 This band is a total joke ! There are about 30 people who think they are ` solid ' that sing about a load of rubbish . Their music is repetitive , predictable pop/rap/garage ... whatever crap genre you want to call it . These are the kinda people -LRB- bands -RRB- who are just wrecking music history in general . Buy it if you want a good laugh .
 The labelling for this CD reads : Electric Light Orchestra Greatest Hits Live , Part II : The Encore CollectionIf it readElectric Light Orchestra , Part II Greatest Hits Live : The Encore CollectionThere would have been no confusion . I was expected the Jeff Lynne version of ELO when I picked this up . As soon as I heard the first vocal , I knew I 'd been had . I would only recommend this to diehard ELO fans who want to hear different live versions of ELO classics.If you like ELO Part II , then you may be satisfied with this disc . Personally I only like Jeff Lynne on vocals so I give this disc :1 star for misleading labelling3 stars for satisfactory performance.End 2 stars .
 I heard Ms. May 's version of Hark the Herald Angels on Pandora , and I was really impressed by the arrangement and the vocal , so I bought the CD . Turns out she 's an overtly Christian artist , and all of the arrangements sound about the same . Very pretty , but predictable . I was very excited by the possibilities of this CD , but disappointed by the product .
 I do n't get the appeal . I 'm not even sure how to categorize this . Surfing music on crack ? Whatever it is , it 's too weird for l'il ` ol me , and that 's all I really got ta say about that .
 The music and songs are great except on every song , the recording stops before the song -LRB- and/or music is finished -RRB- and after paying almost $ 19.00 , I am not very satisfied with the recording .
 This album is as awesome today as it was 40 years ago . Although Peter , Paul and Mary have matured , they still sing what they believe and support wonderful causes like Operation Respect . Wish there were more groups like this today .
 Do n't buy this CD with the intent of getting the original songs ... . the DJ chose to perform some of his own `` freestyle '' scratching inside every song ... . you 're not getting what you remember from the radio when this material was new . Pass on this CD with a quickness !
 I bought this cd based soley on other reviews . I was extremely disappointed !!! I 'm 31 & still have a great interest in dance music . This cd reminds me of a very bad techno club !! It was a waste of money !
 ERER IN MY MIND I HOLD THE SPECIAL ROUTE FAREAWAY . IN MY TV IN MY CHILD I CAN SEE THE SO SPECIAL ROUTE 66 . NOW , I CA N'T SEE MY HEROS AGAIN -LRB- MARTIN MILLER & GEORGE MAHARIS BUT , I CAN LISTENTHE THEME `` ROUTE 66 ''
 Tried everything to rip this cd to my computer , waste of money , can only listen to it on my cd player in the garage.The clovers where a great group and I would of given them a 5 star rating if I could of listened to them on my computer .
 I recently ordered the Peter , Paul and Mary `` In Concert '' cd . It was supposed to be a two-disk album . However , for whatever reasons , I only received one cd and it was the 2nd disk . However , my money was refunded promptly with no muss or fuss . I will try and order this 2-cd set again in the very near future .
 It 's not that I did not like this album . The music was fine . Since the album was from the sixties , the fidelity was n't as good as albums recorded today . What a shame !
 Our family had this album back when plastic records were all you could get . We loved it , and when it was lost -LRB- stolen ? -RRB- , we all missed it . Fast forward many years , my mother mentioned how much she missed this album , and I got the idea that perhaps it was available on CD.I got a copy from Amazon , and gave it to Mom . She reported the next day that it sounded awful , and I could have it back.I listened , wondering what the problem was . I was shocked at the sound quality!It sounded like it had been recorded by someone in the audience with a cheap tape recorder . The mixing was way off , the audience noise drowned out the instruments , and the vocals sounded like they were way off in the distance.I do not recall the LP we had sounding this terrible ! Whoever remixed it for the CD should have had someone else do it , someone who knew what they were doing !
 I have almost every album Van has done . I am a huge fan . If there is a turkey in the whole lot , this one is it .
 I love Van Morrison and have done so for years . Veedon Fleece , St Dominic 's Preview , Into The Music , Moondance , Enlightenment . I ca n't imagine my life without these albums . I would love to rate this CD better , but it is just so disappointing . Apart from ` Days Like This ' and ` Ancient Highway ' the dreadful backing vocals and utter , desperate sense of making songs just for the sake of it pervades this tedious , embarrassing album . There is precious little of any worth at all . If you are new to Van Morrison , please listen to something else , or you are likely to miss out on truly wonderful , inspiring music .
 I have to place this even lower than A PERIOD OF TRANSITION - which was actually a very good album spoiled by it 's mix - and INARTICULATE SPEECH OF THE HEART - which was weakened by watery synths and gauzey production , but gets extra points for it 's reckless disregard of any commercial sense . I even place this lower than YOU WIN AGAIN - which in all honesty I 've only put on twice , and not managed to hear in it 's entirety.DAYS LIKE THIS is actually a crying shame because half of it is very good . Remove the painful duets with his banshee daughter Shana Morrison , and get rid of `` Perfect Fit '' and `` Songwriter '' -LRB- his worst song ever -RRB- and you 're left with a satisfying album , with some really great late-period Van songs . In fact , subtract those four songs and you 've got a dead-ringer for Van 's best album of the ' 90 's . The only thing standing in it 's way are the utterly clueless backup vocals from Brian Kennedy -LRB- who soured 2 albums and a live retrospective before finally making a perfectly competent turn on 1999 's BACK ON TOP . -RRB-
 When I ordered this , I had no idea it was n't the original tracks , but a live compilation . Yuck . I 'll probably buy the other ` Devo - Greatest Hits ' another time , but for now perhaps other people can save their $ $ $ -LRB- unless they 're die-hards who like live performances -RRB- .
 If you have Total Devo , Smooth Noodle Maps , and Now it Can be Told , you have this album and more . The sound quality is mediocre and the cuts from the live album are ragged . There is nothing new , and absolutely no liner notes .
 One good track from `` Smooth Noodle Maps . `` One good track from `` Total Devo . `` Five songs from the live `` Now It Can Be Told , '' and not even the best ones.No liner notes or pictures.It might be a cheap disc , but just be aware of exactly what you 're getting .
 Pretty passionless for a live album .
 Regardless of what reviewer `` Tom '' thinks , Devo was one of the best live bands ever , and in their heyday put more work , energy and entertainment into their live performances than 90 % of other bands with 10x the financial backing from their record companies . Devo got their initial record deal with Warner Brothers and Virgin based primarily on the strength of their live act . That being said , the main problem with this album is that it is basically false advertising by BMG . The selections of songs within represent live selections from an Enigma -LRB- now defunct record company -RRB- release entitled `` Now It Can Be Told
 Not only is it a `` live '' version that is unexpected from the title , but the whole cd is only about 34 minutes running length . Truly only for diehard fans .
 Has somebody at the studio got it in for this film ? The promotional campaign and packaging for the movie and the DVD release played up the broad comedy and sentiment and downplayed the tight script , the top-notch acting , and the depth and subtlety that mark this intelligent , profound and brutally honest film . The `` soundtrack '' whiffs , too . Is it a pop hits compilation ? Fine -- then put in everything , and not just this selective and uneven mix . Is it the actual soundtrack , by Danny Elfman ? Okay , then do THAT , and not just toss in two tantalizing glimpses . This CD should have been the latter , which is just breathtaking . So , we 've got this odd brew , which does n't do justice to the film or Elfman . Get the CD anyway , if only for the two lovely Elfman pieces . Then , hope and pray that someone in a postion to pull some levers at last gets smart about the music AND the movie , and begins the arduous process of ensuring that this lost gem of a film finally gets the recognition that it deserves .
 I love the Grateful Dead , and while I will concede the historical importance of this album and its revolutionary avant-garde and artist aspects , I 'm not a big fan of it . It 's a bit too trippy and raw for my tastes . Experimentalism is good , but this gets a bit excessive and furthermore one is hard pressed to find a few comprehensible lines of vocal lyrics in here.The vocals are nowhere near the crisp greatness of American Beauty and Workingman 's Dead . It was an important step in their development as a band , but thankfully not the final step . I get a kick out of New Potato Caboose , and I like long songs , but it is probably a few minutes too long . Born Cross-eyed has some great aspects to it . But the rest is pretty unremarkable in my opinion . I think they totally messed up the rendition of Alligator , they 've done much better versions at their live shows and this version is just far too cluttered with the vocals and the kazoo sounds are way too overwhelming . Overall , the instrumentals are pretty darn good , if you can swallow the `` experimentalness '' and length of it all . This was basically the band members experimentation in the studio , where they got to experiment with some of the equipment for the first time and had full control of the production . They did a fine job of `` sticking it to the record company '' , but that does n't make this an appealing album . If you are going to grab this , make sure you also watch the film `` Anthem to Beauty '' , which gives a lot of neat inside perspectives on how they made this . If you are going to get weirded out by this album , watching `` Anthem to Beauty '' ahead of time will increase your interest and the inside scoops will probably perk your interest and help you `` swallow '' it.All this said , if you are a real fan , you just have to listen to this a couple of times . As for me , I 've listened to it , and I will set it aside with the smug satisfaction of knowing that the Dead went on to do better things . The Dead were never as good at making albums as they were at live shows , but ultimately they DID make great albums and they made ones much better than this . In terms of maturity , more subtle instrumentation , vocal quality , and cohesiveness , American Beauty and Workingman 's Dead totally eclipse this label , and so I recommend that anyone new to the Grateful Dead start there .
 I 'm sure this group was lots of fun at parties and very pleasant conversationalists . However , they ca n't sing a note and can barely play their instruments . One of the worst records ever made , worse than Soft Machine , and that 's saying something .
 Where do I begin ? I bought this record on vinyl when it was released . I was n't a big fan of the first record but I thought I would try them again . A big , big mistake and a real waste of money . Good thing that albums were not really that expensive in those days . There is nothing remotely musical about this record . It is a cacophony of noise and is also just caca , to put it mildly.The dead were never really very together rhythmically and they could not sing to save their lives . When I point this out to their fans today , they agree with me but they say `` hey , they could give a great party . '' . Well on that basis they should have been Elsa Maxwell instead of something that was passing as a rock band.If you bought this record and you like it , I question not only your taste but your sanity . Anybody coming along subsequently who is a fan who disagrees with what I say , I would ask them to sing any of this from memory . There are no hooks , no real songs , nothing but noise . It is almost as if a bunch of monkeys or three year olds were released in a recording studio to see what they could come up with but first they had to learn to sing the words , `` Alligator running round my door '' , over and over and over and over ... . They could use this stuff for torture.Do not buy this record if you are a musician or if you have any musical taste at all.Note I gave this record one star , becuase they will not let you give no stars . My real rating is negative five stars . Got it ? I hated this record , it is the worst record I ever bought.Finally , just to prove that I am totally biased against the dead , I did like `` Europe Live 72 '' but then it had actual songs on it , instead of musical ramblings from hell , which is a good way to define , `` Anthem Of The Sun . ''
 I have heard virtually all of the Dead 's recorded output and generally like them , but is n't this really an album which is more interesting to think about than it is fun to actually listen to ? A grand experiment which mostly failed . Needed a rigorous editing job and someone to say `` no '' to the excesses which wreck it . The live versions of these songs on other Dead albums , recorded during the same time period , are far superior .
 When I first bought this album some years back it was a unique psychedelic record which tried to recreate the Grateful Dead 's live sound . There are actual live clips pieced together throughout this studio album . The songs are not as successful as I once thought . The live `` orange '' album from 1969/70 is a much more accurate depiction of the Grateful Dead with Dark Star being a highlight . As for this album , the songs are way too long and not focused enough to keep the listners attention for very long . The jamming is n't as worthwhile when compared to an album like 1969 's Mighty Baby or Amon Duul 's Yeti . Both these albums are excellent records that make a more cohesive artistic statement . The Grateful Dead were more than capable of making excellent studio recordings from 1967 to 1969 . Somehow they did n't feel comfortable in the studio and came up this and two other very , very weak , patchy albums . Both Working Man 's Dead and American Beauty are strongly recommended . Both are superb , pioneering early roots/country-rock records .
 I ordered this album based on the cover . The album pictured is the original photo , which is uncensored . It 's Alice with his thumb through the crotch of his pants . The record company quickly decided this was inappropriate and pulled this printing . They released a picture with his thumb covered up . It 's a rarity to find the uncensored cover and I thought I had found one . I received the censored one . Record collectors know better , records sellers should too .
 This review is for the Audio Fidelity release of this album , not for the album itself.I had been patiently waiting for years for this album to get the same deluxe treatment as Rhino gave BILLION DOLLAR BABIES . What a disappointment it was to discover that LOVE IT TO DEATH , my all-time favorite Alice Cooper album , was in the hands of Audio Fidelity . I , regrettably , purchased their edition of SCHOOL 'S OUT when it was first released in 2009 and could n't believe that that was the best they could do for the price they were asking . Not that I was expecting them to replicate the original paper panties of the vinyl version , but a bonus cut or two or even a booklet with liner notes would 've helped justify the price . The barely noticeable so-called improvement in sound quality alone was certainly not worth it . I would love to know why Rhino dropped the ball on further Alice Cooper reissues .
 This is one of my all time favorite albums.There is n't a bad song on the whole thing.I 've been waiting for years for a proper remaster.My gripe is with the sound.This is 24 bit map remaster?It does n't sound any better than the original cd release that Warners put out in the 80 's . Only more expensive.The volume is low and the clarity sounds the same as the original.This is the best they could do?Save your money .
 Ordered this CD in error , listened to it & did n't much care for it . I 'll add it to my collection . PS My girlfriend liked it .
 I 'm glad this was not my first IQ cd I ever heard . The only song I ever listen to on this CD with any `` Frequency '' is the title track Subterranea , great song with excellent guitar play . The rest sounds like some concept album that never really had any direction or substance . Fortunately my first two IQ cds were `` Dark Matter '' and `` Seventh House '' . Those are their finest works and I listen to them all the time . Skip this one .
 I made two attempts to buy this new edition of Tupelo Honey and both had defects . On both albums defects were found on `` Old Woodstock '' and `` I want to roo you '' After the second one had the same issue as the first I asked for a refund . I would be wary of this pressing until we see that the quality control has improved . On the bright side it was simple and easy to do the returns with Amazon . A great job on the Amazon customer service side of the issue .
 The Cd skipped , but I 'm glad it did not skip on my favorite song ! I would have gave it a better rating if it would n't have skipped at all .
 Polygram ceased production of its portion of Van-The-Man 's catalog , resulting in 29 titles , two-thirds of his entire recorded output , remaining frustratingly unavailable for the past several years . Even more regrettably , sixteen of those OOP titles had been fabulously remastered and re-released in 1998 . Accordingly , prices for these had soared , especially for the remastered titles.Then , in late 2007 , The Announcement ! All 29 OOP titles would be re-released in 2008 ! With new remastering ! Extra tracks ! Even mini-sleeve editions from Japan!Well , fellow audiophiles and mini-sleeve aficionados , the hyperbole is unfortunately only half-true
 For all his study and sensitivity to the American blues experience , Morrison `` gets it '' only sometimes . I think he is better with development of blues to jazz -LRB- see Moondance -RRB- . The title track here is a disaster and we are glad that it is not necessarily representative . A white American male has as at least a native shot at experiencing and expressing blues music , from its roots . Stevie Ray Vaughn , for example ? But a white Irish male has less a chance . Sorry , but it is a national and cultural thing . Nothing negative , nothing racist . If anything , it is praise of the African American black man and woman . Think American `` Irish '' bands . Some are really good , but based on their imitation of what was already there - not originality . Same with Van . His treatment of Tupelo Honey , is nothing but a very talented white man trying to sound like a black man . At moments , it is embarrassing . Otherwise , it 's just awful . And does nothing to display Morrison 's real talents with melody and lyrics .
 Tupelo honey is a great song and you must have the album for that song . Maybe Van will decide to put it on another greatest hits album .
 `` Tupelo Honey '' , `` Wild Night '' . These two songs make up the album .
 The self title debut from Black Sabbath was an important release for its contribution to heavy metal as a music genre . The material is overall slow and heavy with Osbourne 's voice cutting right through everything in its way But the songs are not that great , with the exception of the title track `` Black sabbath '' , `` The wizard '' and `` N.I.B '' . The rest is nothing to be excited about . I ca n't see why this release is so highly praised .
 When it came out at the theatres , Rob Reiner 's now cult classic rock mockumentary `` This is Spinal Tap '' went down like the proverbial Led Zeppelin . Until I listened to this unintentional comic gem , I never understood why . Now it is all utterly , terribly clear.From its opening church bells , it is a simple wonder listening to these Brummie Beelzebub-lovers forging heavy rock cliches of every conceivable stripe before your very ears . Cheesy , farty and , most of all , inept guitar solos , harmony and unison between guitar and bass , silly lyrics about Lucifer , portentous snare rolling from a man named Geezer , feedback for Britain - it 's right here , literally with bells on.And that 's why , in 1982 , no one thought Spinal Tap was funny . With this sort of bone headed ludicrosity still a painful memory , it WAS N'T . So if you should come upon Black Sabbath 's eponymous debut album , comedy enthusiasts , fill your boots
 I 've been a fan for a while now , starting with Ozzy 's solo stuff then moving on to Sabbath . I just bought this album . I love Black Sabbath 's raw sound which is n't over produced , but this album is just plain nasty ! Ozzy sounds like he 'd just smoked two packs of cigarettes before laying down the vocals in the studio . In terms of historical importance -LRB- musically speaking -RRB- that title is more appropiate for Paranoid . I 'm sure there are some purists up in arms over is -- but if it sounds like -LSB- ... -RSB- than it probably is . Skip is album and purchases the following :1 . ` Sold our soul for rock 'n' roll ' If you like what you hear ... 2 . purchase ` Symptom of the Universe ' 3 . and then Black Sabbath Vol .4 to round it all off.If your new to Sabbath , do n't start out with this album . And even if your not ... still do n't purchase it .
 I foolishy listened to this pile of dirt cruelly passed off as `` music '' because I heard it was good metal . What a dumb idea . Black Sabbath are lame Metallica -LRB- their new stuff -RRB- wannabes ! These talentless copycats stole riffs from `` St. Anger '' and `` Death Magnetic '' and put it on this lame album like they created them ! Skip these Black Sabbath hacks and listen to REAL metal like
 what is this ? real metal did n't start here , real metal was born in 1995 when the first korn album was released . this is old hippie music , this is n't heavy metal . korn is the real godfather of metal .
 This is definatly 1 you can fall asleep to . Its so slow and sluggish it hurts to hear it .
 Songs out of order . Songs stop in the middle of the CD sometimes . This has just got to be a counterfeit item because the original has all the songs in order . Sorry Charlie We only pick the finest tuna .
 These hippie scum bag do n't even know how to name a song ! N.I.B ? What the hell is that supposed to be ? These losers may have a few fans , but if you want real Metal you have to check out Korn and Limp Bizkit . Those are the God Fathers of Metal . Fred Durst is the greatest lyricist in the history of thye world . Other great Metal bands like Blink-182 , LIT , and Jimmy Eat World are just posing Limp and Korn but its alright
 I just do n't understand why record companies release CD after CD calling them new and improved . CDs are low-fi crap no matter what you add to it . All the fancy packaging and additional music will never change that fact . It 's still low-resolution 16 bit old technology.I do n't see why they do n't release a TRUE `` Deluxe Edition '' and give us an SACD as they did with the release of Emerson , Lake , and Palmer 's Brain Salad Surgery . It 's phenomenal and a TRUE `` Deluxe Edition '' .
 If you like RV 's and women 's issues then this is the item for you . Otherwise you will have to search for the laughs .
 The price is tempting , but this is a poor selection and the arrangement is n't very well thought out . I do n't even see the need for a compilation , as their early albums were consistant from start to finish . If you want the Milkmen 's career summed up concisely , see ` Death Rides a Pale Cow ' . As for their most solid album , my pick would be ` Big Lizard ' .
 there 's a much better collection of `` hits '' called DEATH RIDES A PALE COW , get that one instead , it has every song here plus many more .
 this is just a really cheap product that has `` record company cash-in '' all over it . true , it does have their most popular songs on it , but 11 tracks ? from a punk band ? it ca n't be much more than like 15 minutes long . i suppose if ` punk rock girl ' and ` bitchin ' camaro ' are the only songs you 're interested in , then this is right down yr alley . however , `` death rides a pale cow ' is a much better compilation of songs , and provides a pretty good career retrospective -LRB- although legal wrangling among Hollywwod and Restless records prevented any songs to appear from ` soul rotation ' and ` not richard but dick ' -RRB- . ` cream of the crop ' is like one of those crappy beach boys or beatles ` greatest hits ' collections that are like 10 songs that they sell at rite-aid or cvs . so if yr the kind of person who buys their music at a pharmacy , this cd is for you .
 I 'm very confused . Rap has turned to garbage in the blinking of an eye . I got all Suave House c.d. 's and this ai n't the Eightball and MJG I know . It 's only about 4 tight cuts on here . The rest of them are garbarge . The title of the Album is one of the worst songs on here . I do n't know why they got Swizz Beatz to touch this album but he did n't do it any justice . His beats sound just like every thing else he does except worse . DJ Quik produced a couple of cuts on here to but there just as worse . The chores on just about all the songs are tired and plain . This album is to damn slow and soft ! It 's not a single song on this album to get you hype like Coming Out Hard and On Top of the World . Even the lyrics are boring . I do n't know what happened between them and T-Money but they need to hook back up with him quick , before its to late . I feel like I 'm in a contract . I have all there albums so I got ta keep buying them . If you decide to buy one of there albums for the first time , do n't buy this one ! Garbage ! First Jay-z 's last album , Wu-tang 's last album , and now this . Makes me want to break my foot off in somebody !
 aiight i been down with suave house since coming out hard and i loved eightball becuase they was a perfect balance of pimp lyrics and consious ouytlooks on life inb this album they just resort ot commerical means to attract mass apeal i hate to say but i really expected some better ish than this eightball has lost his edge and spits mindless chourus and hooks also this album misses the nice jazzy beats displayed by t mix which beside organized noise is probally the best beat maker down south a weak lp to gain mass appeal that will fail but at the same time repel all the once loyal eightball and mjg fans i suggest if you a real eightball and mjg fan go cop the albums before this in our life time is very good album that was slept on peace
 This album had about 35 % good songs ... tha onez that r good r REALLY good but tha songs that suck are absolutely horrible . I really looked forward 2 thiz album but i wuz disappointed a lot . EVERY single suave house cd they released wuz off tha hook ... i listen to each album daily but this one makez meh not wan na listen 2 it az much
 -LRB- SMH -RRB- ... ok . . I did not order this one through Amazon although , they have amazing speed in getting your items to you which is great . Anyway , I picked up this cd ... . I was so disappointed in this cd ... it 's too commercial and I feel as if they have really gotten away from their roots and love for music with this cd . It 's like they just needed to put a cd out instead of having passion . It gets NO airplay in the ride ! I would not even suggest it to complete the collection unless you want to waste your money . YMMV . NEOSOUL06
 Perhaps it could be ignorance , but it was too abstract , too modern for me.Not for a learner . Lacked some information about Bartok .
 I have heard Corey Cerovsek in performance twice , and I have this CD . His intonation is faulty , his tone is mediocre , and his playing does not have the same spirit or passion that Joshua Bell 's has . He is not in the same class as the other violinists of today-Joshua Bell , Anne-Sophie Mutter , Midori , Maxim Vengerov , Lara St.John , Hilary Hahn , ect .
 I was a * huge * Dead fan in high school and college and still like some of their music , such as `` Live-Dead '' -LRB- best effort , I say -RRB- and `` Europe ' 72 , '' but I think `` American Beauty '' & `` Workingman 's Dead '' are merely pleasant . In fact , Workingman 's Dead verges on hippie easy-listening . Musically , there 's nothing special here at all , and the lyrics are forgettable.I put this one in the `` how did I ever think this was a great album ? '' category .
 As stated in another review , it appears that this CD was made with the best intentions . Unfortunately , the musical and vocal performances on this are simply not of the calibur that one would hope . The music sounds all `` midi 'd , '' or performed by uninspired musicians . This IS an independent release , so I do urge you to buy it , if only to support Independent music .
 The idea behind the CD is sweet , but the music is not worth it . Your money is better spent on a different CD , I think . JMHO . Great idea for a CD , though .
 Sorry , but the music on this CD is just not good . As other reviewers mentioned , the IDEA behind the CD is good . But the MUSIC is very different indeed.Christine Giuliano 's voice lacks depth and is , at best , mediocre . And such a lackluster voice does not justify the purchase of the CD - plain and simple . With the same -LSB- money -RSB- that this unimpressive CD commands , you can buy a CD from a woman with an astounding voice , such as Susan Greenbaum or Christina Aquilera . -LSB- ... -RSB- And again , the idea behind this CD was good , but the performer 's voice just is n't worth the money .
 As someone else said , Christine Giuliano 's voice is thin . And she does n't really have the range necessary to do this sort of work.Moreover , I find the lyrics trite . As far as this genre , my view is that there are better songwriters out there . Now , that said , while I probably would n't recommend the CD , I do n't think it is as bad as some of the other posts indicate .
 This is a sweet , sweet CD , but I do n't much care for the voice and skill -LRB- unfortunately , more the lack thereof -RRB- of Christine Giuliano . I really , really like the background music , particularly on `` Tick , Tock , '' though . I would not buy this CD as a gift , as someone else suggested , not because it is bad , but just because I think there is better out there.That said , if Christine Giuliano 's voice were more developed , I bet I would like the CD a lot more .
 Only reason I 'm giving this various artists ten track disc a two-star rating is because of the price . I mean sure , there are cool ' 80 's metal classics here from the likes of UFO , Motorhead , Overkill , Saxon and W.A.S.P. But , UNLESS you 're either totally ` new ' to ' 80 's metal , a poser or one of those lame-o music fans that CA N'T even name two actual song titles by one -LRB- or more -RRB- of your ` favorite ' bands , then I suggest you purchase the proper CD reissue these tunes came off of . One type I can not stand are music fans that are TOTAL music illiterate . Augh !
 After buying Global 2 and 3 , I quickly bought the fourth installment , finding that just because the label had putt out descent music in the past does n't mean that it will be their tradition . This cd I have had for at least a month , buying it the moment I saw it , and yet I have listened to it maybe four times . Compared to other cds I 've recently purchased it lack totaly in comparison . The music seems slow moving , and Highly boaring . It does n't produce pictures in my head , move my body , or send me into a lethargic world . All I do is skip around it hoping that eventually I will learn to like it .
 A friend of mine who had been deaf all life gained his hearing miraculously . He asked me in his Glottal tongue `` what is music ? '' I played `` Bumblebee '' by Ween and he wept .
 Back in the early 70s , a friend whose opinion I had great respect for , told me this was `` the best album ever recorded . '' So I went out and bought it . I wish I had borrowed his instead , and saved the money . -LRB- I know that no band has a more loyal following than the Dead , but frankly , I 've never been able to catch the vision . -RRB- This recording , like all Dead recordings , at least in my ear , sounds like pointless `` noodling '' combined with weak vocals and mediocre songs . If I want to listen to some JAMMING , give me the Allman Brothers FILLMORE CONCERTS ! -LRB- Of course , if you eat enough good LSD , ANYTHING sounds good , right ?!? -RRB-
 In my opinion , this cd ... well , read on . I am a fairly big Dead Head , but i did not really like this album . The dead were supposed to be great in concert , but this album still does not catch the same feeling as seeing a band in concert , just as most albums do n't . Very select albums do , some are Allman Brothers , Clapton , and Frampton Comes Alive . This does not hold a candle to these albums . In a book i recently read , it votes this album as one of the worst albums ever made . I do n't know if it is the worst , but it is not one of the best `` jamming '' albums . If you want a good Dead studio album , get `` Workingman 's Dead . '' But i 'd stay away from this album , unless you 're a dead head
 A friend of mine who had been deaf all life gained his hearing miraculously . He asked me in his Glottal tongue `` what is music ? '' I played `` Bumblebee '' by Ween and he wept .
 i refuse to believe this is a pumpkins album . adore was considered a `` failure '' but to me , it was very lyrically and instrumentally beautiful . i do n't listen to it much , cause it depresses the hell out of me , but i think it 's a damn good album . i was looking forward to machina , but i still ca n't believe what a disappointment it is . though billy remains one of my favorite songwriters , the songs did not match the music . i rather just read the words and put on some headphones and listen to some gish . and i 've been hearing this album being compared to a mix of gish and siamese dream . that 's an insult to the genuistic past that the pumpkins had . and christ , get d'arcy out of rehab and bring her back .
 Billy Corgan again , has poured his heart and mushy stuff like that into his work making a masterpiece . After buying this cd , I went and bought the rest of smashing pumpkins stuff . sad they split up , I think .
 This CD was not the pumpkins ' best . The only songs that I really liked on this CD were `` Heavy Metal Machine '' and `` Everlasting Gaze '' . Where did all the ROCK go ? Most of these songs are soft rock .
 It 's hard to believe that the SP , my greatest and coolest band ever , has gone into a ... slump and slump ... . yeah , personally , since the album of `` Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness '' , the band has changed their style , the whole tune , and everything is ... so bad.I do n't get the new stuff of the band , this reminds me that I 've heard Billy once said that he did n't care whatever others said , instead he just stubbornly went on his own , he was just trying to express himself regardless of the the rest of the mainstream music . ... ummm but who cares his personality in his music ? I do n't care any damn personality in any music -LRB- as neither do many people -RRB- ; instead of making the music for us , our generation , THe Billy clan has failed to capture the audiences , just because of their overconfident . Ever you seen that the band has started to lose fans and less hit songs and popular as well as in sale rank since the '95 ALBUM?to me the best and maybe the last of SP is `` Mellon Collie ... '' which I am still listening most of the time.In contrast , `` Adore '' and `` Machina '' are so bad , if not saying that they should be thrown away . To these albums , there are no more extreme and unique sounds , no more climax and tension notes like I could find in songs of Zero , Tonight , Through the Eyes of Ruby , Muzzle , galapogos , Jelly belly , Bullet , XYU , and Love . Especially `` Tonight '' the most artful and romantic song ever to me.I could not see any strong feeling in `` heavy metal machine '' or `` EVERLASTINg Gaze '' whose music is too weak to strike the mind , most of the songs in `` Machina '' are so lousy , anoying , unclear , boring , none-melodic , and alike . All I like is a stronger music with bombastic , strange , romantic , magnificent , strong , godly , painful , beautiful , melodic , and artful sound . Well , the `` Mellon Collie ... '' is all for those.Last , I am trying to digest `` the Machina ''
 The hype was about Billy return to his rock roots after the commercial flop of Adore . This to a part is true , the album does indeed rock far more than it predecessor , but that does not nessasarly make it a good album , for good album we need good songs , Machina does have good songs but way to few of them . The major problem is that just to many of the songs sound the same and tend to drift by without making an impression , i 've owned the CD for a few weeks now , but still ca n't place all the titles to the songs . So on a whole I found this quite a disapointing album , with few highlights ... Must do better .
 I 'd like to qualify this by saying that I 'm a huge Pumpkins fan . I particularly like Siamese Dream and Melon Collie . But with Adore , they started to sound a little stale , and I think Billy set out to prove all critics wrong at that point . Machina makes use of the talented new drummer and brings a much harder edge that adore was lacking . But what they have n't managed to right is the feeling that they do n't have anything more to say with their music . The lyrics here just are n't the beautiful lyrics I remember - and miss - from the earlier albums . I play this in the background while I do other things , not to listen to directly
 I 'm one of those Pumpkins fans that fell in love with Gish and Siamese Dream . Even though I 'm glad Chamberlain is back as the drummer -LRB- his presence was dearly missed -RRB- , the Pumpkins lack the melodies and musical talent that they have shown in the past . Seems to me that in the early days , it was only about the music . Now the band is a commercial figure with a bald headed lead singer that is promoting more of an image than music itself . In the old Pumpkins music , Billy Corgan only sang when he had to which let the music shine through . And when he did sing , he was n't screaming his lungs out like he does these days .
 To me this album was a desperate attempt by corgan to regain the stature the Pumpkins gained with Melancholy and Siamese dream . The detuned guitars , vocals , and novel lyrics seem forced . The only real jem on this album is Stand Inside Your Love . It is a one of the best ballads Corgan has ever writen . It 's beautiful lyrics key in perfectly with the soaring guitar solo and detuned harmony . Other than that songs like `` Heavy Metal Machine '' a terrible attempt at that same title and `` I of the Morning '' a failed ballad ruin the rest of the album . On the bright side
 Oh , the boys on the radio They crash and burn They fold and fade So slowThose lyrics remind me of Billy/Smashing Pumpkins . Pumpkins have been on a downward spiral since they released Adore and this is ten times worse . I like Stand Inside Your Love but it sounds like the Pumpkins are just making music they think will sell well -LRB- even if it didnt -RRB- . It 's really sad that Pumpkins think they can be this egocrazy . Only Trent is allowed to do that . Do n't you know anything ? Cds to buy instead of this
 this cd is definitly not the smashing pumpkins best work . the songsare so slow to develop in to anything and when they begin to have agood moment something else gets introduced that just ruins it . i liked siamese dream alot , along with Mellon Collie , one of the best cd 's i own , but WHY does everyone bash on adore all the time ? it 's their most MUSICAL cd , it has so many good things about it , you just have to sit down and give it a good listen a few times , cause it does n't just do the pop radio formula to a hit song that everyones used to ; with a little riff and a verse , a bridge , verse , chorus , verse , chorus , end . the try to do the music art thing a little bit , but i will admit the cover book is really , really stupid . By the way , if you want a good , musical band , DAVE MATTHEWS BAND !
 Time to pack it in Mr Corgan and get out while you can . This cd is long and boring . It is sad that not one song on this disc is memorable and is torture just to get thru one . Fond memories of Siamese and Gish I will cherish for years when they were such a powerhouse back in the old days . The sound on this disc is terrible and the songs are too long and pointless . I never thought I would say this but another Adore would of been better . D'arcy had the right idea to bolt . It 's over .
 It 's honestly no wonder the Pumpkins called it quits after this trainwreck . It 's as depressing an album as I 've ever come across -- not in the sense that it emotionally affects me at all , more in the sense that a listen of `` Machina
 First off , this album really deserves 2.5 stars , but that was n't an option . After seeing them play in Portland , Oregon , on the 5th of February , I was really looking forward to the new album . They played about 6 new songs , of which only one was so-so , off Machina , and for the most part this is a good album . I think what has really killed this album was all of the hype . It was being billed as a return to the band 's golden era of Gish-Siamese Dream-Mellon Collie and does not come close . Like Adore , which in my opinion was one of the best albums to come out in 1998 , it has a few catchy tracks and a few that are just there . It also has a couple that I felt should have been used as b-sides , such as `` I of the Morning '' , `` Raindrops + Sunshowers '' , `` Try , Try , Try '' , and `` This Time '' . I think they should have taken more time in writing/recording this album , especially considering the comeback of Jimmy Chamberlin . Overall this album is merely a further evolution of Billy 's desire to find a new rock 'n roll . If we give him time , I think we 'll see what he has been unable to show . I am still a Pumpkins fan , I always will be , but I do n't think we 'll be seeing anything as good as Gish or Siamese Dream ... At least not for a long time . And remember , there are only so many things to write about , and in today 's music world if you do n't pop out albums every couple of years , you get left for dead .
 I guess when you go Smashing Pumpkins , they 're bound to start rotting and mildewing . Such is the case with the Pumpkin 's latest stab at a commercially friendly record , Machina
 Heavy Metal Machine is badass . The rest sucks
 first off - this is a terrible album . it is an absolute mess but it nonetheless has moments of genius . these intangible moments unfortunately suffer cause they could only ultimately triumph if they had nothing to do with this album at all . i believe billy and his crew are extremely talented and have had there moments here and there but there has always been much more bad material released than good , and very little great stuff . the misdirection of this album is appalling and disconcerning . what i ca n't seem to get over are the sparks - those few moments that transcend this album 's downward spiral . a few songs are half decent but really only two songs are timeless in anyway in the tradition of past great pumpkin 's songs . these songs are stand inside your love and this time . with great songwriting and emotion they bring back memories of siamese dream -LRB- especially cherub rock and today -RRB- and classic gems like cherry , she and crush . stand inside your love is a good song and that 's about it , this time is a great song . it is one of my favorite songs of all time . it is one of the most bittersweet , nostalgic and intangible pieces of music ever written and recorded . it is a perfect song . i only wish it had nothing to do with this album and in my mind it does n't . this time should be a separate release.why is this such a bad album
 I am a big fan and this album was a huge disapointment . Not one enjoyable song . Barely any listenable songs . Will never buy a Pumpkins album without hearing it again .
 This album is the brick that allowed for the collapse of the Smashing Pumpkins musical empire . I used to worship this band but this cd sounds forced at gunpoint , wallowing in their old sounds and trying to recreate their most successful record and not even doing that . It is an utter disgrace to ME and my intelligence because i really used to put this band on a pedestal and now -LRB- and maybe I 'm too dramatic -RRB- I ca n't listen to Siamese Dream or Mellon Collie in peace because this cd has changed my entire view of the band and their body of work . It all seems so cheapened and ruined and my view of the band has changed from intimate and beautiful to demoralized and manufactured . One thing I am glad about is that the public is n't buying this album because you cant fool them at large . Crap pop bands like nsync and britny spears at least dont claim to be saints of the music industry where the smashing pumpkins have always made themselves into authentic musicians when theyre not at all . this cd is so commercially desperate that i feel like billy corgan is paying off a student loan . he 's fooled a lot of his fans , but to his dismay , im not buying in . all of my pumpkins records are available on amazon auctions so if you want this record or any of the other ones , go and browse . if you need a really demoralizing experience , go and buy this . youll get exactly what you 're looking for . by the way , billy corgan , if you ever read this
 they stink.enough said.what ever happend to good musical taste?shellac fan -LRB- now thats a band -RRB-
 Man were the pumpkins something back to the albums Gish-mellon collie & the infinite sadness and look at this garabage ! the Pumpkins were awesome back in the day and now they are just has-beens . they should have broken this band up after Adore .
 this album is dull , it is boring , and , most importantly . it sounds forced . say what you want about `` adore '' , but at least then the pumpkins were doing what they wanted , and then , when it is recieved poorly , they are forced to take back jimmy chamberlain -LRB- who has gotten pudgy in person and just plain BAD as a drummer -RRB- and play sonic guitar rock , and that 's exactly what they do n't want to do , but they are being forced to , and so it seems contrived , and they are not happy . this album is a phony , a desperate attempt to win back fans lost to the synth-lidden landscapes of `` adore '' ... no wonder d'arcy left ... melissa auf der maur is going to have to BEG courtney love to get her job back , and i hope she does n't get it , just because she was a part of this mindless drivel that is `` MACHINA '' . . by the way , HOLE ROCKS ! billy corgan should lick the tar of of courtney 's boots ...
 i guess expect to much . But i grew up listening to Eddie Van Halen . But these guys realyare deadhead 's . My cat sing 's better . Van halen will alway ` sbe my king of ROCK .
 Wow . Easily the worst Pumpkins album . Machina II , available via Internet only , is so much better , and it 's free . This album is a formulaic , uninspired , as subtle-as-a-jackhammer `` effort . '' `` Everlasting Gaze '' sounds like a Pumpkins self-parody . Corgan 's a cappella bridge borders on the ridiculous , and the song contains none of the swells and sways that characterized their seminal songs , such as `` Tonight , Tonight , '' `` 1979 , '' `` Zero , '' or `` Cherub Rock . '' Those who say this is a better album than `` Adore '' need their ears re-examined . Those expecting `` Adore '' to be a typical Pumpkins hard-rocking effort are bound to be disappointed , but in my opinion `` Adore '' rocks so much harder than Machina in its subtlety and emotion . In fact , `` Adore '' is one of SP 's best albums . Machina sounds like some second-rate poseur band trying to copy the Pumpkins formula and failing miserably .
 I was reading about this disc on Amazon just the other day , and thought to myself , `` Hey , I 'm a big Smashing Pumpkins fan . Why do n't I own this album ? '' I went over to my CD collection and behold , I do own it . So I listened to it again once and it 's back on the shelf . The first 3 or 4 songs are pretty good , but the rest of the tracks are uninspired . Billy Corgan can whine or scream . I like the screaming best . But he whines through most of this album and the music either whines along with him or drowns him out . If you 're thinking about this , get the greatest hits instead . I think it has a few of the good songs from this one and all the -LSB- bad -RSB- music is confined to the second disc so you can just throw it away and never have to listen to it .
 Billy Corgan 's solipsistic geek odyssey continues . With Jimmy Chamberlain supplying some punch in the drumming stool , the music is heavy but also dark , reminiscent of Black Sabbath . A swing in the direction of 80s alternative rock , also gives us a taste of one of Corgan 's loves , legendary nihilistic new wavers Joy Division.While keeping the element of gothic psychodrama beloved by Pumpkinites , Corgan 's songwriting continues to miss the mark . Often sounding very impressive , the melodies lack any real hook and seldom stick in the mind . Although I 'm sure the emotionally overwrought tone continues to strike a chord with the Pumpkins following of hormonally imbalanced , angst-ridden teenagers or twentagers . With Siamese Dream , the Pumpkins were a great band , but after all these years of angst , it 's starting to sound more like wankst . I 'm a bit tired of Billy 's public psychotherapy and I 'm probably not the only one . I guess this is the real reason behind the breakup.Peter Buck once said to a melancholic Jackson Browne , `` You 're reasonably young , you 're talented , you 're good-looking . Just shut the f**k up . '' Now , if only Billy did n't look like a walking advertisement for brain surgery , we could tell him the same .
 The Pumpkins are well past their use-by date . Their songs are so meaningless and repetitive that the album is not even worth reviewing . Please do n't waste your time or money on this NOISE !
 Pretty much garbage . Touted as their `` return to rock '' but it 's more like their `` return to sinking deeper into the mire of our overwrought angst . '' Kind of surprising after `` Adore , '' which was really kind of an upswing for them -LRB- them being Corgan , D'Arcy and Iha then -RRB- . The funny thing is , the music generally shows promise , as with the first few bars you 're tapping your foot along with the melody , then BAM in comes the cracking whine of Corgan , much more whiney than ever -LRB- and I thought it was n't even possible ! -RRB- . You then realize the music is generic and uninspired , at best . Oh well . At least all of the other Pumpkins releases are worth owning .
 The Smashing Pumpkins were never a perfect band . Driven by Corgan 's pain and ambition , the Pumpkins made some of the best music of the '90s . No rock fan 's collection can be said to be complete without Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness , Adore and Siamese Dream . Yet after Adore sent the band falling from the top of the charts , it seemed that Corgan wanted nothing more than to be back on top . That is where is album fails , because it feels like Billy was more intrested in making a classic Smashing Pumpkins hard rock record than making a good record . You may know that now the Pumpkins are no more . That is sad . At least they left on a high note , with the internet only release of Machina II which is a far superior album to the first one . It is also sad that Corgan felt that it was his job to take on the boy bands and midrifted girl acts of the world , and could n't learn to just step out of the ring and continue on making the music he was passionate about for the fans who where passoniate about him -LRB- ala Pearl Jam -RRB- .
 If you enjoy going to your dentist you 'll have no trouble loving this album . Not only is the music totally unoriginal , but the Pumpkins insist on drowning it all with heavily distorted bass chords that seem to be a pet peeve of the recording engineer . Add to that the self-consciously and mostly impenetrable nasal voice of Corgan and you get a band who seems to be making a quick point of entry as your garden variety vegetables .
 I thought Lou Reed 's `` Metal Machine Music '' was the worst album ever made , but this one takes the biscuit . Billy Pumpkin once again squirts out some more pretentious , pompous rot for the masses who forgot -LRB- or never knew ? -RRB- what good music is . Thusly , this is not -LRB- good -RRB- .
 machina - the machines of god is , in my opinion , quite likely the worst pumpkins release to date . the songs are for the most part boring and unmelodic . -LRB- and this coming from a die-hard pumpkins fan ! -RRB- even adore had fairly strong melodies throughout . also , machina was promised to be the pumpkins striking back at the world that scorned them . it was touted to be their new rock and roll anthem . i find this album almost completely devoid of rock , with few exceptions -LRB- i.e.-the everlasting gaze , heavy metal machine -RRB- . the pumpkins seem to have lost their flair for beautiful riff-based songs . listen to siamese dream and then compare with the new machina . the new release has virtually no catchy guitar hooks . i understand the princeple of musical evolution , but i think that we 've lost the pumpkins that we 'd come to know and love . they 've de-volved into something that , quite frankly , i just do n't understand or appreciate .
 Although I 'm an extreme Pumpkin 's fan . . I do n't think that I care very much for their new sound . I 'm a fan of their old work such as Gish , Siamese Dream -LRB- one of the BEST albums -RRB- , LOVED Pisces Iscariot . . Meloncholy & Infinite Sadness was beautiful , but after that I feel that they went to a whole different level when they really should 've stayed where they were at musically and not have tried to follow the continuous changes that the `` mainstream '' was going through . Their new stuff does n't sound a bit like their past unique sound , which had made them -LRB- in my personal opinion -RRB- one of the best bands out there . Too bad .
 the pumps first CD was dope . now they are even cornier than that goth sketch on sat night live . this is a bad cd . a bad rock cd . a bad pop cd . a bad smashing pumpkins cd .
 I do n't understand how anyone who loved `` Gish '' , `` Siamese Dream '' or `` Mellon Collie '' can possibly like this album.There is precisely one good song on the album
 I like the Smashing Pumpkins . I saw them live in 1996 . Some of you revewiers were probably 5 at the time . Anyway they clearly went down hill . They should have stopped after Adore which was good . Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness is clearly their musical peak . What happened to this band . They became too dark . I actually like Zwan better then this last Pumpkins album . Most of the album is too weird . Compare it to their last two albums and you know I am right . They went down hill .
 Everyone told me to buy this cd . So I went out and bought it . I liked one song only . `` Stand inside your love '' My money was waisted . I WAS MAD .
 Oh Billy , Billy . What are you doing ? Are you that desperate to regain the spark you had ? `` Machina '' is pretentious over-achievement-not a good thing . Why is it this is the only Pumpkins album I found absolutely nothing to grasp onto ? When `` Adore '' came out you were so hyped about it and it 's new direction , as was I. I liked that album a lot . Now all I hear from you is how much of a misstep that one was and how this is a return to form . I do n't think so . Absolutely no chances were taken on this one . All I hear are a bunch of fuzz guitars and pretentious lyrics hiding non-existant songs . Besides that many of the slower-tempo songs sound straight out of 1985 , but I digress . Come on Billy . Remember that little contest you had in your head with Trent Reznor ? Well , with the `` Fragile '' out the score at this point is Trent-4 , Billy-4 with the clock of relevance ticking rather quickly . Irrevelance-fear it Billy .
 Did you like EYE ? or RHINOCEROUS < sp ? > -LRB- hahah that 's funny < sp > = smashing pumpkins = spelling ? -RRB- Then this album is for you . It totaly flies back to the day sof Gish . . and Eye . . oh . . but My Dahlia ? Why was n't that on this albumm . That songs totaly kicks ass . . -1 star . . Yes . . This album is like totaly awesome . I love the pumpkins ! Alright but seriously I mean , this is their best album since Pisces ! Which is VERY VERY HARD TO COME BY . Yeah . Alright so Everlasting gaze just blows me away . . Way better than uhh . . `` Tonite Tonite '' or `` Pennies '' . . I mean Eye is just like I of the mourning . > I love that song . > The only downers here are Umm . . uhh . I ca n't think of any . . NO WAIT > . I almost forgot . Heavy Metal machina is n't very good . But if you buy the cd , you can always skip it . . Yeah . . That 's why this album gets only one star cause Machina is so bad ! The rest rocks though . . so buy the cd . . it totaly kicks arse ! Alright ... if you 've heard the Adore Demos . . this album will totaly turn you on ! You better believe it . It 's like the best ... The Bubble gum song is orgasmic -LRB- that was the name of SIYL before it got changed . . I know cause a friend of mine who knows Jake . . who knows billy like this < x > lent me this tape that it . . it rocks . . and MY DAHLIA was on it . . Damn . . Well yeah . . so this album sucks so bad . . but Machina rocks . . Even HMM is like Hummer only BETTER . TOtaly kewl . Chow . Is it any wonder I ca n't sleep . . OH 4 of the songs from the Pistachio Meddley are on this album . . Got ta get it for that . . Billy you blow me away . This album sucks so bad it rocks . . Tell everybody this ... they 'll love you . . and billy preaches luv how cool is that ?
 After their last full-length album , Adore , which featured techno-like songs and no drummer , people really did n't know what to expect from the Pumpkins . Well , they tried reverting back to their Mellon Collie days , but , overall , the record comes off as tired , and just does n't yield many good songs.Highlights : `` Stand Inside Your Love '' - Almost justifies the buying of the album . The true highlight of the album , it is a very beautiful song , and features some true lyrical mastery from Corgan . The ending is very memorable , and is one of the Pumpkins ' finest moments . `` The Everlasting Gaze '' - The similarities to `` Bullet With Butterfly Wings '' is striking , but does n't take away from the song . While the Pumpkins may sound like they 're trying too hard to convince people they could still rock with the best of 'em , the song is nevertheless a highlight and features some great lyrics by Corgan -LRB- Although I think he over-sings this one ; his voice makes the song unique -RRB- . Those two songs are staples on my iPod , but nothing else on the album really strikes you . `` Heavy Metal Machine '' is a flop , and I think that Corgan is trying too hard to be a poet , forcing some of these `` love thoughts '' upon listeners .
 Sometimes I think the Pumpkins developed their fan base , just because they 're so awful . -LRB- Believe me , if you 've ever seen one of their concerts , their utter lack of talent shows in every regard . -RRB- Kids go for it , simply because their parents hate it . This album continues that trend with -LRB- what 's supposedly the best songs -RRB- the dreadful `` Everlasting Gaze '' and the equally lifeless `` Stand Inside Your Love . '' They have the best production money can buy , some occasionally interesting guitar riffs , and Billy Corgan 's usual none-too-pleasant-for-the-ears vocals . Stay away bigtime from this album and , if you insist , opt for the Gish or Siamese Dream . Better yet , get real rock n roll like Zeppelin , Van Halen , or Montrose .
 I though when there last album came out that they could never make anything that bad again Gee Whiz was wrong.machina is clearly the favorite for many as the years worst album unless nsync makes 2 or 3 albums even then Pumpkins still might have the worst album.Dont we all wish for the glory days od Siamese dreams
 This album is a major disapointment ! Nothing but a bunch of never ending songs with none of the grinding hooks that the Pumpkins usually have . Billy Corgan 's ego needs a reality check . Gish is by far their best album and Adore was pretty damn good , but this and Mellon Collie can go back to where they came from .
 the smashing pumpkins have fooled me into buying this album . i heard everlasting gaze and read a article saying they were back to the `` siamese dream '' days , that they were hear to rock . instead its like adore part II . every song on this cd is mellow excluding everlasting gaze . do not buy this cd if you hate adore
 This thing has some unabashedly radio-friendly BS and then a couple of mediocre axe grinders , all in all a very tepid last poof from what was once an exciting band . Adore was so wonderful ... too bad , an opportunity really lost here . And they -LSB- were bad -RSB- in concert playing these songs .
 disapointing , jus disapointing , I 've listened to this album almost every day for two months and it is n't working , sp are in a music free fall , corgan ca n't write a good riff anymore , or even write a song that you can listen all the way through without wanting to shoot yourself , I 'm talking musically here , he still writes some good lyrics here or there , but I ca n't stand his big ego , he should listen to pearl jam or the pixies a little more so he can remember how to make a great song , so good bye to sp , once a great band now a pretensious and commercial product . that 's what you get billy for trying to copy cobain in everything
 In which our tortured hero retreats from the front lines and takes refuge , battered and withdrawn , in past glories . Pity he listened to departing fans and zealous critics after Adore , a glorious battle whose victory was one of integrity rather than bounty . Surely he ca n't miss the irony in his own words - `` what is it you want to say ? '' This time , sadly , he says nothing . Methinks he punishes us !
 Unintelligent , contrived , commercial-dollar-begging , pretentious , overproduced , underwritten , egotistical , desperate
 The Smashing Pumpkins are a phenomenal , underrated band that was one of the best bands of the 90s and still is my personal favorite . I personally think they beat the band they 're most compared to , Nirvana , because Billy Corgan is a force to be reckoned with on an electric guitar -LRB- Kurt Cobain is n't very good -RRB- and they are more artistic and creative and they have more meaningful lyrics . All the band players are great at what they do , especially Billy and Jimmy . Their songs are passionate , angry , tender , and sometimes breathtakingly beautiful . They 're just so good ... After the artsy , psychadelic Gish , the epic Siamese Dream , the creative masterpiece Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness , and the brooding Adore , the Pumpkins have seemingly taken everything that was so great and original about them and departed from it on Machina.On this album , Billy sings with less passion and his past lyrics ; full of whimsy , beauty , human emotion , and twisted metaphors are gone and his new lyrics are oddly straightforward . Jimmy 's power drummming is seemingly toned down , and D'Arcy 's vibrant , bone-rattling bass and James ' swirling guitar textures are drowned by Billy 's really loud guitar and a lot of unneccessary studio sounds which just sound unnatural for such a raw-sounding band.If you loved the fury and majesty of such rockers as Cherub Rock , Geek USA , Jellybelly , Bury Me , Zero , and Bullet With Butterfly Wings , you just might as well skip this album . Though Stand Inside Your Love -LRB- one of the best songs on this record -RRB- comes very close , there are no songs that fully capture the awesome power of their finest hard-rock songs . If you want a slow , beautiful song to the caliber of Disarm , Thirty-Three , or Luna , look elsewhere on SP 's older albums ; it 's like the Pumpkins forgot how good they were a few years ago . It almost sounds like they 're trying to sound like The Cure on some tracks.Now , there are some Pumpkins moments on this album that are actually very good . There is Stand Inside Your Love , a rocker that seems sort of like the rockers that made them such an amazing band . Also , I Of The Mourning is actaully pretty good ; it 's very dramatic and tells the tale of -LRB- to me -RRB- a washed-out rock star . Try , Try , Try , one of the strong points of Machina , is a fun pop song that could almost rival their famous single 1979 . The Everlasting Gaze is the most popular song on this album , if any of the songs were actually popular ; It tears out of the speakers like a thousand chainsaws ; with ominous lyrics and the one line on this album that is actually one of Billy 's irresistable twisted metaphors ; `` You know I 'm not dead ... I 'm just the tears inside your head '' . Classic SP line!Yet , the best song on the album is Age Of Innocence . At the end , the line `` Desolation yes , hesitation no , as you might have guessed we wo n't make it home '' really tore at my emotions . Some of the song is messed up with really fuzzy noise , but the song itself is just georgeous.Some of the songs are just mediocre but sound good at first . Raindrops + Sunshowers sort of hints at Adore ; the hip-hop beats and sort of a dark pop song ; and it sounds breathtaking at first ! But later , it 's just mediocre with kind of dull lyrics . Wound is more of the same but a little more cheerful and I like Billy 's songwriting here . Glass And The Ghost Children is creepy , but it 's very , very , very overlong . -LRB- 9 minutes ! -RRB- It 's hard to sit through.The production is really bad . The whole album almost sounds like a bootleg produced at home . The apocalyptic Blue Skies Bring Tears , the sinister Heavy Metal Machine , and the gorgeous , ominous Age Of Innocence are nearly ruined by bad production . These would-be Pumpkins classics sound muddy , fuzzy , and it seems like there are a thousand unnessessary studio effects being played at the same time during any given song . I just do n't like the style of songs like With Every Light . C'mon , Billy ! Give me the music that made the past SP so great!Plus , the album is too overlong ! 15 tracks ? 90 minutes ? Make Siamese Dream that long , not this!The albums 's still not THAT bad , though . There are a few glimpses of their past successes , and their new style is n't horrible . The thing that just really bugs me is that after some fantastic albums , the magic , originality , beauty , and fury is dead.Now the Pumpkins are broken up ; they 've all went their seperate ways ; Corgan formed Zwan , Jimmy formed the Jimmy Chamberlin Complex , and James Iha put out his own solo album and -LRB- I think -RRB- joined A Perfect Circle if what I 've heard is right . -LRB- Plus , Billy 's supposed to come out with a solo album that was due at the beginning of 2005 , and he came out with the poetry book Blinking With Fists , which is actually really good . -RRB- So , all in all , if you want to see what made the Pumpkins so fantastic , buy Siamese Dream , Mellon Collie & The Infinite Sadness , and possibly Gish and Adore . If you want to follow the Pumpkins beyond their breakup , there 's Life Begins Again by Jimmy Chamberlin Complex and Mary Star Of The Sea by Zwan , which are both excellent albums . -LRB- Iha 's album is n't that essential -RRB- Hear magical songs like Disarm , Thirty Three , Mayonaise , Luna , Siva , and Cherub Rock , and they put this album to shame.Get this album used . It 's not awesome and spectacular like past releases , and it 's not flat-out horrible , like a Styx album , but it 's alright ; it shines on some parts and is weak on some.Yet , if you want to see SP at their peak , buy all their past releases ; they are too fantastic and spectacular to pass up.BUYSiamese DreamMellon Collie & The Infinite SadnessGishAdorePisces IscariotThe Aeroplane Flies High -LRB- Boxed Set -RRB- Mary Star Of The Sea -LRB- by Zwan -RRB- Life Begins Again -LRB- by Jimmy Chamberlin Complex -RRB- DOWNLOADMachina II/The Friends And Enemies Of Modern MusicTHINK BEFORE BUYINGThis albumLet It Come DownUPDATE : Billy Corgan 's solo album is coming out in June !
 ... but , back when this came out , I could only bear a few listens to MACHINA before I knew I 'd never go back to it . Do n't be fooled by the cool title . There 's a reason why this is their last official release
 The Smashing Pumpkins were my favorite band for many years . This is why listening to MACHINA nearly brought tears to my eyes . The album seems to be a mix of the song structure of Adore and a more organic sound . The big difference between the band now and what the band used to be before Adore is that Billy never really stops singing . Remember the instrumental parts that made those previous albums so great ? Now the music pretty much stays the same straight through while Billy sings over it ... Too bad Billy still is n't much of a singer . The return of Jimmy was also a great disappointment because he does n't really do anything all that impressive or musical . Nearly all of his parts could easily be done with a drum machine making me believe that his return was just a ploy to sell more records . Hopefully their is still hope for the Pumpkins , but at one time I stood in line for 8 hours to get good seats , and because of this album I 'm not even going to go see them when they come around next . R.I.P.
 i hate to say it but in a lot of ways i agrree with antipop 's review -- the pretensiousness on this album is unmatched except for maybe NIN -LRB- who i also dont care for -RRB- and i heard billy say something like he thinks his songs come directly from god . if so , god is a complete letdown ! LOL ! i dont think its ok to throw away yer old records just because -LSB- of -RSB- this one ... but i respect whoever said that for their honesty but subtract points for taking this band too seriously . i mena , dude , ITS A BAND . not the end of the world . i think machina is the pumpkin 's worst record and it might be because the band has dissolved to the point where Billy Corgan has too much power and has full control of the lyrics and music . i think jimmy is the greatest drummer EVER though , but this cd doesnt use his capibilities as a kick butt drumgod . jimmy needs to either join a new band that will make him the star or kick billy out of the band . the last good song the SP 's wrote was bullet with butterfly wings . some of these songs sound just ok live but their live show is almost as wimpy and boring as this album . drago 's grade
 I ca n't believe the music oftoday would allow this stuff.This is not music in my book.I can honestly say i 've heardthe worst of the decade .
 after listening to the album , there is only one thing i must say . . where did all the passion go ? from beginning to end , its just one dead song after another . The pumpkins seem to be more focused on their `` new '' image nowadays , rather than the music . both which lack any real sense of original direction . .
 I saw one reviewer here putting it exactly right
 Well I am have to disagree with most of the reviews . This album is not a great one . Let me start by saying that I am a huge pumpkins fan , I have all their stuff and love most of it . I even love Adore . Machina does n't come close to any of their old greatness . The songs have forgettable melodies and not too much new in terms of sound or composition . I was very disappointed . While I listened to the album only 2 or 3 songs stood out as good and that is not enough to carry an album this long . Sorry guys but this is not a good album .
 pure NOISE ! there is at least 4 great songs on this cd . they are all monotonous , same guitar noises all throughout . there 's not a lot of variety . Mellon Collie is still the best and next to it is the Siamese .
 About 4 years ago , the Pumpkins were on the threshold of becoming a really great band . Then they took a hard left into the toilet and began sounding less like a guitar rock band and more like an unbearably overwrought Nine Inch Nails clone . What the hell happened there ? And why was n't I consulted first ? This record is so washed out in loud , distorted , layered , textureless noise that it 's hard to listen to in one uninterrupted sitting . Songs like that have always been present on Pumpkins albums to varying degrees of success -LRB- `` Bodies '' was a good one from Mellon Collie -RRB- , but where 's the `` Rocket '' , the `` Muzzle '' or the `` Cherub Rock '' to balance the equation?And what the hell is with that egregiously bombastic album title ? Are we supposed to take that seriously ? It sounds like a B sci-fi movie from Mystery Science Theater 3000 .
 i 'm a huge SP fan and i saw them on their resume the pose tour but i 'm so embarassed for the smashing pumpkins man . this is an atrocious record and a betrayal for those who really idolized Billy . i am starting to not like billy because he thinks that HE -LRB- not even his band -RRB- can save rock and roll . the only thing this album does is put rock and roll out of its bloody misery ... billy , it 's time to retire ... i liked gish and siamese dream , this just sucks -LRB- i do n't recall songs as bad as sunshowers and that heavy metal song since freakin adore -RRB-
 this is by far the worst pumpkins album ever . yes , it is a lot like adore , but adore sounded good live . here the the instruments give way completely to billy corgan 's nasal -LRB- but lovable -RRB- voice . why is this a mistake ? it is n't necessarily . but he is no james labrie ; he lacks enough control of his voice to carry any song properly and/or at least interestingly . this album , instead of being far from modern pop , is closer than he has ever come . being simple is fine and good , being simplistic is not , which is what we have here . if you 're looking for the pumpkins at their -LRB- his -RRB- best , check out gish and maybe pisces . this is a step further in the direction of adore which is another step backwards for the band . this album will make peace with u2 fans and disappoint anyone looking for the musical proficiency and talent that once separated the pumpkins from the rest of pop .
 Their first albums were powerful and they will be legendary . Adore was awesome , deep , dark , and it kind of announced the death of the band . `` Machina '' is some kind of over-produced , well-tamed , meaning-less effort to remind people they were a rock band , with a concept that interests nobody . Even the cover of the album looks stupid . And what 's that song `` Heavy-metal machine '' ? Billy once said it was a condemnation and a glorification of the genre . Come on , that 's non-interesting and pathetic . They should have ended the Smashing Pumpkins after `` Adore '' . Now , they just look like `` Aerosmith '' , after Permanent vacation . I 'm gratefull of Billy Corgan for breaking the band after that album !
 I do n't typically post reviews on Amazon , but something has compelled me to address the Smashing Pumpkins ' much-heralded return to rock . In short , this record is short on rock -LRB- not that I mind this necessarily -- I loved Adore -RRB- , long on bombast -LRB- which , as Mellon Collie proved , can also be effective -RRB- . A few tunes go for volume -- `` Everlasting Gaze , '' `` Heavy Metal Machine , '' `` Imploding Voice '' -- but not in a terribly interesting way . The record also lacks any memorable hooks or melodies -LRB- `` Imploding Voice '' is the one exception -RRB- , which is surprising , given Billy Corgan 's abilities as a songwriter . And Jimmy Chamberlain , one of rock 's truly gifted drummers , does little more than keep a competent backbeat . No `` Geek USA '' -- style heroics here . Just a lot of plain toast from one of the more intriguing musical acts to emerge from the wasteland of the '90s alternative revolution . A disappointment.PS -- I defy anyone who owns this CD , even the most ardent Smashing Pumpkins loyalist , to describe this album 's liner notes , insert art and overall concept , as anything other than unfathomably pretentious .
 Being a relentless SP fan , I wanted this album to be groundbreaking enough to change the face of modern rock . Unfortunately , this album consists of recycled and reworked hits oh-so-derivative of Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness with few redeemable tracks . I dare say the critical flop of Adore must have led them down a desperate path of `` greatest hits in disguise '' this time with aeons of pretension and fabrication that used to work , but this time , fail miserably . Tackling God , drugs , love , and melancholy in the most hackneyed ways , the Pumpkins prove that they are running out of ideas . `` The Everlasting Gaze '' -LRB- previously titled `` Bullet With Butterfly Wings '' -RRB- banks on its vocal interlude with the -LRB- new ? -RRB- addition of synthdrum noise while `` Rain Drops and Sunshowers '' and the other please-GOD-take-me-seriously-titled tracks will leave you reaching for something to filter out the white noise layed ontop of old Pumpkin tracks -LRB- b-sides albeit -RRB- . So not to be completely one-sided , Stand Inside Your Love is a great , moving , and inspiring melodic track that will make you wonder how this album went so wrong . Billy , you have written songs , no , anthems of the nineties that painted you into a genius of modern rock but , come on , you know well-enough that this is not a quality album . The tracks are weak and laughable , but they do evoke listener emotion
 Smashing Pumpkins have been getting worse and worse with each CD . All I can say is thank god they are breaking up . `` Machina '' is an absolute mess . The songs all sound like garbled productions . The vocals are weak at best and the production feels rushed.There is not one stand out song on this CD . The worst of the songs are `` I Of the Mourning '' `` The Imploding Voice '' and `` Wound '' . The only imaginative thing in this CD is how they titled their songs . They should be titles for Anne Rice novels.A definite miss .
 Some Moreof Billy Corgan whining like a panzy !!
 That not no good . Me boughtit yesterday . Listened to it.There no good song 's . Im sucha rock head . But this do notdo trick for me . I feel as ifVan alen beat me in the headwith a pool cue when im done .
 I thought that Adore was pretty bad , but this one takes the cake . Siamese Dream rocked my world but this disc only rocked my trash can as I threw it in . There 's so much great music coming out that it 's kind of hard to believe that Billy wants to put out this nonsense . He should have stayed true to his artistic vision and put out something similar to Adore . At least then I could respect him . Instead of Machina/The Machines of God , they should have titled it Machina/The Aweful music of Billy Corgan .
 My Ted gave this to me for theBIG A. And I did not like it.We Love Ozzy and we thought itbe great to hear something abit new . Low and behold it wasnot to our liking . This groupneed 's some lesson 's from OZ .
 Billy Corgan is a very dull artist.the Lyrics are more self-pity than anything else.if he wants to willow in saddness and do it right then listen to Van Morrison.the music sounds flat and desperate.theirs no Life in the Smashing Pumpkins music.this disc at best is 2nd rate outtakes.Billy Corgan needs to get over himself and become a Artist again.he is just a Spoil Rich Brat.stop with the WHimp Lyrics and Write some Real songs for a change.the music is Weak as well .
 I had high hopes for this album after the first single , `` Stand Inside Your Love '' , which encapsulates everything that the Pumpkins do best . Unfortunately , the single proved to be an exception . Which is not to say that the album is terrible - those fans who appreciate the heavier moments of previous Pumpkins albums will probably find much to their satisfaction here . If , however , you are buying it with hopes that there is anything with the majestic beauty of `` Tonight Tonight '' or `` Thirty Three '' , do n't waste your money - instead , buy the single . The artwork is amazing , but unfortunately the album is overlong , bloated and ultimately unnecessary . A great shame and a wasted opportunity , alas ...
 ... Flood 's production does n't do these songs any favors ; everything is smothered in clouds of ambient noise , including Jimmy Chamberlin 's drums . Which sucks because he 's the main reason I checked in after hearing the monochromatic bummer that is `` Adore '' . After being disappointed that Billy chose to go for his Trent Reznor merit badge -LRB- instead of embracing his inner Rob Halford -RRB- , I was able to hear this album for what it is
 This album feels a bit like Billy Corgan is running out of melodic ideas . For all that Adore was criticized , Machina has no songs that are as instantly catchy as Perfect or Appels & Oranges . There are a few good songs , like Try Try Try , Raindrops & Sunshowers , and Age of Innocence , but on balance , the album is pretty melodically minimalistic and boring -- in stark contrast to some of the great stuff out there now , like Moby , Beck , or Radiohead . Unfortunately , the album mostly sounds like pale , uninteresting imitations of previous great Pumpkins efforts .
 `` MACHINA/The Machines of God '' is Billy Corgan 's revenge on everyone who did n't like 1998 's `` Adore . `` The artful `` Adore , '' largely a somber homage to synthetic-driven music of the 1980s , barely drew a third of the sales of 1995 's `` Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness , '' and some critics wondered if The Smashing Pumpkins had become a rock 'n' roll footnote.Obviously burned by the disappointment , Corgan retreats to a pre - `` Adore '' sound on `` MACHINA , '' steeping the tracks in airless , guitar-drenched arrangements that might have gone over better in the mid - '90s . But clocking in at nearly 74 minutes , `` MACHINA '' is a sloppy monument to excess that now sounds dated and irrelevant.Plus the ongoing Pumpkins liability -- Corgan 's grating , nasal whine -- seems all the less tolerable now , perhaps because despite his posturing , his lyrics do n't say anything.Could that be why he 's slurring his words and burying his vocals so deep in the mix that they 're often indiscernible ? -LRB- More than likely Corgan is oblivious , not embarrassed . -RRB- Regardless of the negative variables , a few tracks succeed , including a melody-rich opening track `` The Everlasting Gaze '' that begins with the symbolic Corgan snarl , `` You know , I 'm not dead . `` He 's also on target on the uplifting `` Stand Inside Your Love , '' powered by a propulsive bass , and an uncharacteristically breezy `` I of the Mourning '' that blends sarcasm into a melancholy jangle.And though the warped cadence of `` The Imploding Voice '' is irritating , at least Corgan breaks the monotony.Otherwise , most of `` MACHINA '' is a clunky assortment of time killers -LRB- e.g. the 10-minute austere nightmare `` Glass and the Ghost Children '' -RRB- with few points of interest.For the record , the rest of the Smashing Pumpkins are mainstay guitarist James Iha , former Hole bass player Melissa Auf Der Maur -LRB- filling in for D'Arcy Wretzky -RRB- and Jimmy Chamberlin , who returns after a four-year absence from the band.Corgan calls the shots , however , and this time he called them wrong .
 ... the lovely and talented PEACH OF IMMORTALITY had the post-ironic prescience to entitle a record `` R.E.M. = Air Supply '' -- a few years later , the lovely and talented Kurt Cobain bravely summoned up enough post-post-ironic faux humility to compare Nirvana to Cheap Trick -- with that in mind -LRB- and in the rainyday teen spirit of playing endless rounds of `` If You Were a Famous Porn Star , Which Famous Porn Star Would You Be ? '' -RRB- , I have asked my Magic 8-ball
 There was a time in my life when I virtually worshipped the Smashing Pumpkins . My two favorite albums ever are Siamese Dream and Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness . I have boxed sets , b-sides , singles , demo tapes , and literally hundreds of miscellaneous other unreleased tracks of theirs . There 's a lot of it ; when you 've devoted as much time to loving the pumpkins as I have , you know.Machina / The Machines of God has to be the most asinine , self-indulgent chunk of drivel ever recorded.The album smacks of that soothing , sinewy , watery sound that makes them so great . But conceptually , the album is so appalling you almost could n't help but want them to break up.I was 15 when Siamese Dream taught me that there would be times when the hardest thing to be is me . I was 16 when MCIS taught me that love is thoroughly beautiful and enduring , even if it hurts a lot of the time . The last worthwhile release they ever had was `` The Aeroplane Flies High '' a fantastic box set of Mellon Collie B-sides , and outtakes . I was 17 when Adore was released and the band , minus the amazing Jimmy Chamberlain , departed from the guitar-heavy rock they pioneered and made great , and that in turn made them great . They unleashed the recorded-in-one-day goth-rock misadventure that was Adore , took a lot of crap for it , have a recovery period , re-instated Jimmy , and released this nightmare.Musically , to be hinest , there is progress here . This , as is so often said , is the album Adore should have been . Some tracks are nothing short of amazing . `` Stand Inside Your Love '' and `` I of the Mourning '' stand out among those . And the haunting `` This Time '' is breathtaking in its sensual fluidity . Other tracks are uplifting , and speak of personal triumph over adversity , such as `` With Every Light '' . And that 's about as far as it goes.The rest of this album is marred by Billy Corgan 's messianic complex . It was revealed to us in pieces , but I do n't think any of us expected it to be as vast as it was . On his website , Billy told us that there was a concept behind Machina . A secret meaning , if you will . Hidden in the liner notes -LRB- a selection of paintings depicting God knows what that screamed `` look at me ! I 'm artistic ! '' -RRB- and on the website -LRB- in the form of a bunch of animated templated similar to the sleeve notes -RRB- , as well as Billy 's Personal essay `` Glass and the Machines of God '' which was 13 pages long , single-spaced , coantaining sentence fragments and broken english , Billy 's feeble attempt at Stream of Conciousness writing . An excerpt can be found in the sleeve notes . By the times the secret was revealed to us , it was so deep , so complicated , and so self-serving , I was sorry I 'd asked.The story was this
 I love the Smashing Pumpkins , I love every album up to and including Adore -LRB- which I personally thought was incredible -RRB- , but I can not stand Machina . It sounds as if Billy , who I have always touted as a true modern poet , is attempting to copy his own style , randomly mashing together succesful bits of other songs in an attempt to relive past glory . The result is a collection of songs that sounds confused , unsure , and unoriginal . Adore represented a step forward , a breakthrough in Billy 's artistry , but this album disappoints by attempting to recreate the angsty , hardcore sound of the earlier albums to achieve greater commercial success . Listen to Siamese Dream , Mellon Collie , or Adore , and be amazed by the beautiful progression of an artist , but skip this album , and wait for the next , which will hopefully place the Pumpkins back on track and back at the top , where they belong .
 what a -LRB- ... -RRB- cd this is . i was a big fan in the early 90 's and what a turn for the worse this band took . adore was a step down from earlier works , but this one is godawful . check out mellon collie or siamese dream or even pisces iscariot if you want to buy pumpkins material . anything but this one .
 The return of the addict drummer helps spring them back from their last tragedy -LRB- Adore -RRB- , but not far enough . I like electronica , but I 've never liked what the Pumpkins have done with it . I 'd rather Underworld and FatBoy handled the synthesizers . Billy , D'arcy and James belong on guitars . Next time , OK ?
 I have yet to sit through the entire CD . Billy 's voice reminds me too much of Cartman from Southpark . And he looks an awful lot like Pinhead in the Everlasting Gaze video . Some artists improve with age and some worsen . The Pumpkin heads have been rolling downhill for sometime . Do something else with your hard earned money , like invest it .
 I have liked the Smashing Pumpkins since they first came out with `` Gish '' . I was one of the first to wear that ugly purple shirt with that rocket-thingee on it . As a long-time fan of this band I have to say it was a huge disappointment . I thought having Jimmy back on drums would have given this band a kick , brought them back to their roots and out of their electronic-induced haze . If anything his drums were mixed WAY too loud . This album is not what the critics say . I have read reviews that say `` the Smashing Pumkins are back with their rock sound . '' This album is way too electronic and way too little rock . It 's not even something I can say that I 'd have to get used to , I ca n't . There are maybe three solid songs on this album . If you are a fan of `` Gish , '' `` Siamese Dream '' or `` Mellon Collie ... '' you will hate this album . Evolving is one thing but this is another . Do n't know if it 's a Flood influence or if Billy is bored . Wait to buy it used if you must have it . Not worth the 9.99 we paid for it .
 With everyone saying that Machina marked a return to good ol' rock and roll for the Pumpkins , I could n't wait to go and get this cd . Unfortunately , I was hugely dissapointed . There are only three or four tracks out of fifteen that truly rock and that 's including the two singles . Do n't get me wrong , I enjoy slower soothing music but nothing on this album is soothing . All of the slower songs are just full of electronic nonsense or boring , repetitive riffs . There is no musical exploration like on SP efforts before Adore . Most of the tracks are 4-6 minute long torture sessions . My last complaint is that Machina drags on way too long and lacks diversity . There a few good songs such as `` The Everlasting Gaze '' , `` Stand Inside Your Love '' , `` Heavy Metal Machine '' , and `` The Imploding Voice '' , but overall this is a pile of pretentious musical sawdust . If you enjoyed Gish , Siamese Dream , or Pisces Iscariot , do not waste your cash on Machina/Machines of God .
 I 'm a little surprised at how many five-star raves this record is getting from customers . Then again , that seems to be Billy 's intent -- to win back the fans alienated by 1998 's soft , electronic Adore . Unfortunately , this record is far from the smashing return to rock I 'd hoped for . With Chamberlain back on the kit , they 've got the beat ... but little else . Gone are the imaginitive , poignant , catchy ballads that made the band so unique and fun . This sub-Zero mess is mired and forced , and Billy 's sour whines are seldom balanced with sweet , smart melody . Case in point -- `` The Everlasting Gaze '' is completely butchered in the short space of a thin , bawling solo . There are a few highlights , such as the catchy `` Imploding Voice '' , but it seems that Adore was the Pumpkins ' true swan song . It was beautiful , if quirky , and this antithesis just goes to show how more can be less . I ca n't blame bassist D'arcy for leaving , 'cause it seems that the lead Pumpkin has finally rotted through . And if she was n't busted for coke shortly thereafter , I might not be completely disillusioned by the commercial misery that is `` La Machina '' .
 Have some of these reviewers ever even heard `` Gish '' ?! `` Machina '' is NOT classic Pumpkins . The Pumpkins rock . They are my favorite band of alltime , - I have every album - but `` Machina '' is drab , over-produced noise . I feel horrible that they go out with such an uninspired effort . If you want great Pumpkins , check out Gish , Siamese Dream , Pieces Iscariot , and MC&IS . Do n't waste time or money on this one .
 trying too hard to shift gears due to the underwhelming response to adore , corgan and co. turn up the amps andfeedback . but in this case , you ca n't go home again.the problem ? the pumpkins were growing from record to record up to this point . while adore was n't as consistent as gish OR mellon collie , at least it was something different . at its best , adore was astonishing . songs like `` the tale of dusty and pistol pete '' or `` crestfallen '' are right up there with corgan 's best work.machina is going backwards to prove they 're still a rock band . and what it really proved to be was the end of the pumpkins . a few good tracks -LRB- `` try , try '' , `` age of innocence '' -RRB- get lost in a bloated , 73-minute opus ... SP were one of the best , and most important , bands of the nineties - right up there with nirvana , alice in chains , radiohead and soundgarden . but machina shows few , if any , signs of that ... - cRAIG
 Great Album , great songs , the only bad thing isthat it 's mixed by yet another deaf soundtechnician
 Machina sounds like a second-rate Depeche Mode album that The Pumpkins stole and dubbed Billy Corgan 's voice over . The Pumpkins even stole Depeche Mode 's producer , so go figure . The Pumpkins were excellent in their heyday , but everything after Mellon Collie did n't have the vibe that made the Pumpkins special . If you want an album that is dark , brooding , and does electronica the way it should be done , then get Depeche Mode 's Ultra album . If you want an album that does alternative the way it should be done , then get the Pumpkins ' Siamese Dream or Mellon Collie albums .
 Billy Corgan again , has poured his heart and mushy stuff like that into his work making a masterpiece . After buying this cd , I went and bought the rest of smashing pumpkins stuff . sad they split up , I think .
 if you want to hear what the pumpkins sound like listen to siamese dream and gish if you want to hear what a huge ego sounds like through speakers listen to adore and machina machina is even worse than the ever boring adore because it is obvious that smashing pumpkins are a moneyhungry and trying to imitate what sold the most records i hope billy finds a way to occupy his time other than making his band look like saints of rock ! they are styx of this generation ! ha ha i didnt get why kurt c HATED billy corgan until adore was released and this goes on prove it even more ! bury it next 2 your spice girls cd !
 I do n't know what the big deal is . This album is exactly the same as all the rest of them ; only one or two songs rock and the rest put you to sleep . This album is n't redefining rock , showing a new twist , and certainly not receiving 5 stars . The Pumkins need to give us what we expect from each album we will purchase anyway .
 21/2 Most know already going in that after Mellon Collie albums essentially became techno-tinged Corgan projects , but do n't let disgruntled fans convince you this is anything less than competent , if bloated .
 Thank you Smashing Pumpkins for all the great music you 've given us over the years . This is your swan song and now you 've gone , but I 'm pretty sure Billy will continue to open the beautiful kaleidoscope of his tortured soul as he does so passionately on this phenomenal record . I like all the tracks , but my favorite is the 3rd one .
 huge disappointment and letdown ! i no longer like thepumpkins for falling in a commerce trap ! love , pretties END
 It is quite possible that MACHINA is the worst album by a good band I have ever heard . It is Billy Corgan at his most pretentious , and the guitars all sound as if they are being played in the same studio where a lawn is being mowed . The only reason I gave this CD 2 stars instead of 1 is the triumphant return of Jimmy Chamberlain . His drumming is , as always , fantastic . However , the CD as a whole is really quite mediocre , and it 's a shame this will be their final album . Let 's hope `` Adore '' is forever remebered as their last album , and MACHINA is looked upon as the enigma that it is .
 After reading the lofty praise that others were heaping upon this disc , I was hoping for a pop masterpiece . Unfortunately , I was rather disappointed.I found this disc to be a fairly pedestrian effort . And it was too precious for my liking .
 'Cause I just ca n't &#34; hear &#34; this music.Garcia was a musical genius , but maybe this albumis a bit too self absorbed , for certain it 's too advanced for me.For others maybe a hit , for me , a big miss .
 When I listen to Aoxomoxoa , I immediately smell fish . Tuna , to be specific . When I first heard this , way back when , my first wife -LRB- # 1 of 4 -RRB- was eating a tunafish sandwich . When I hear it now , I want to vomit . Just horrible .
 I 'll keep this short . In the world of Grateful Dead music offerings , this is one of the worst . Basically all studio recordings by this band suck compared to live recordings . This is a live band ! Buy Live Music ! Unless you are a completist , you do not need this record . There are plenty of stellar live recordings of most of the songs on this . Buy Live Grateful Dead Music.P.S . - I am not kidding . Buy Live !
 I had a roommate in college who claimed that the Dead always sounded better live than they did on their studio albmus . He literally had briefcases full of bootleg tapes of Dead concerts and played them over and over and over again.Well , I 've heard this studio album , and having heard recordings of the Dead 's live concerts , I can say that it makes no difference . This no-talent band was so baked that they never knew what they were doing . What the certainly were not doing was making music . It 's god-awful bands like this that paved the way for modern grunge rock and -LRB- god help us all -RRB- the merger with rap to become hip-hop . I give this band and its album zero stars , which is five more than the negative five it deserves .
 `` The Somberlain '' said it all and this is a more compact offering of the same material , with sentiment where once a fire of emotion burned . I would rather listen to a 5th-generation tape of the first Dissection album than hear this again . Their music , which is neoclassical melodic metal with black metal influences , peaks when it reaches a relaxing and hypnotic peak of quickly changing riffing with flair . For someone getting into black metal , this band is a better entry point from heavy metal -LRB- ick -RRB- than Cradle of Filth .
 This album had about 35 % good songs ... tha onez that r good r REALLY good but tha songs that suck are absolutely horrible . I really looked forward 2 thiz album but i wuz disappointed a lot . EVERY single suave house cd they released wuz off tha hook ... i listen to each album daily but this one makez meh not wan na listen 2 it az much
 -LRB- SMH -RRB- ... ok . . I did not order this one through Amazon although , they have amazing speed in getting your items to you which is great . Anyway , I picked up this cd ... . I was so disappointed in this cd ... it 's too commercial and I feel as if they have really gotten away from their roots and love for music with this cd . It 's like they just needed to put a cd out instead of having passion . It gets NO airplay in the ride ! I would not even suggest it to complete the collection unless you want to waste your money . YMMV . NEOSOUL06
 I 'm very confused . Rap has turned to garbage in the blinking of an eye . I got all Suave House c.d. 's and this ai n't the Eightball and MJG I know . It 's only about 4 tight cuts on here . The rest of them are garbarge . The title of the Album is one of the worst songs on here . I do n't know why they got Swizz Beatz to touch this album but he did n't do it any justice . His beats sound just like every thing else he does except worse . DJ Quik produced a couple of cuts on here to but there just as worse . The chores on just about all the songs are tired and plain . This album is to damn slow and soft ! It 's not a single song on this album to get you hype like Coming Out Hard and On Top of the World . Even the lyrics are boring . I do n't know what happened between them and T-Money but they need to hook back up with him quick , before its to late . I feel like I 'm in a contract . I have all there albums so I got ta keep buying them . If you decide to buy one of there albums for the first time , do n't buy this one ! Garbage ! First Jay-z 's last album , Wu-tang 's last album , and now this . Makes me want to break my foot off in somebody !
 aiight i been down with suave house since coming out hard and i loved eightball becuase they was a perfect balance of pimp lyrics and consious ouytlooks on life inb this album they just resort ot commerical means to attract mass apeal i hate to say but i really expected some better ish than this eightball has lost his edge and spits mindless chourus and hooks also this album misses the nice jazzy beats displayed by t mix which beside organized noise is probally the best beat maker down south a weak lp to gain mass appeal that will fail but at the same time repel all the once loyal eightball and mjg fans i suggest if you a real eightball and mjg fan go cop the albums before this in our life time is very good album that was slept on peace
 I bought this expecting good songs and good guitar playing . It 's boring and most of the songs are the same .
 I listened to the beautiful set of the Op. 11 preludes , and what a disappointment ! Lane simply loses it all . He has no feeling for the passion inherent in this music of a genius .
 Having the earlier Lindsay Quartet set of the Late Quartets , I was curious about their new , more recent , digital cycle . Unfortunately , their interpretation of the opp . 130 and 133 has become much sharper and more agressive . All of the dynmaics seem exaggerated and the whole performance seems so mannered that the players call attention to themselves rather than to the music . For a digital recording , the Takacs Quartet is superb . For good analogue , the earlier Lindsays and the Talich too . If you do n't mind mono , the Hollywood and Busch Quartets are still hard to beat .
 Yes , fine , I 'm an audiophile as well as a music lover . The performance if fine but the sound is deplorable . The sound is much too `` close up '' , by which I mean it sounds like your ear is about 6 '' for each instrument.I have the hybrid SACD version of the recording but the sound is awful regardless of whether the SACD or CD layer is played .
 The music and the performance on this disc are fine . However , this recording is absolutely unlistenable for the strangest reason . It sounds like one of the performers is * sniffling * throughout the entire recording !
 A very poorly conceived album , the guitar rendition was very poor , slow -LRB- not according to original timing -RRB- and amateurish . A poor cd ... not recommended for serious classical guitar players .
 Classical Guitar , Vol . 3A very amateurish effort . The classical pieces were played poorly ... and boring .
 I ca n't really remember how I liked it or not since you have sent this review 5 months after I bought it .
 I 'm sorry , but I am not feeling this album at all . I never used to like Mya until she came out with `` Best of Me . '' That is probably the only good song on there . That and along with `` Lie Detector . '' The first couple of songs have really hot beats and the lyrics send out a good message . It 's just her voice that makes you wan na not listen . For some reason her voice and the beats do n't go well . I gave her 2 stars for the fact that there are only 2 GOOD songs on the whole CD . Sorry !
 Mya 's second album is lacking there is no doubt mya is getting the sophmore jynx.I mean just look at the record sales.On that note if you listen to this album straight thru you will notice Mya 's vocal skills are weaker than any female performer today her voice is so weak and tiring.I do n't mean to hate on Mya but she is trying to be Aaliyah and Aaliyah has it way over Mya in vocals , dancing and acting.I would say that on Mya 's album the worst cuts are Pussycats -LCB- a weak ass ladies anthem with acorny chorus and mya sounds like a moaning dog for real -RCB- Then there 's Case of the ex which goes right into Ride and Shake , two of the most retarded songs with nothing mya relates too.Other wasteful songs are no tears on my pillow , taking over me , that 's why i wan na fight , and the orst is lie detector the song has a corny reggae flow but mya cant get to her climax on that one even beanie man was horrible there.Only songs worth mentioning are now or never , and fear of flying.Well i hope you all are happy becausemya got the sophmore jynx
 MYA Ca n't sing at all.I 'm Amazed that she ever got a Deal.Her voice is Flat & the material here is very bland.Best Of Me is a Horrible use of Sky 's Call Me.Avoid at all Costs .
 It has to be . Everyone laugh . hahahahahahahahahaha . Laughable . What is This ? A weak attempt to crossover to the mainstream even though she was already there . This is what you call a sell out album . Temptation of Fame made her sellout her substance for style . Nothing Much else To Say ... I dont know what to tell ya . Best Of Me with Jadakiss is pretty hot though . Besides that it 's kinda eh blase ' Nothing else even worth mentioning on this cd . Oh yeah the production really brings out the weakness in her voice . It Was weak before but now it is really noticeable and it sounds horrible . Please dont buy this and dont even dub it . Warning Has Been Issued !
 I love Mya , she 's very talented and her soft voice is suited for success , she never got the big breakthrough like i predicted though , and to be honest this album is pretty average . It 's dissapointing since she got loads of talented and could hit it big with the right producers and songwriters . On this album there are a few notable one 's though . `` Case of the ex '' her hitsingle was a decent song i still hear from time to time , also the great collaboration with Left Eye -LRB- Rest in peace -RRB- on `` Takin me over '' which is a catchy pop-soul song , most songs are actually soulish mid tempo here , a few ballads like `` Man of my life '' and very few uptempo songs . After the success with `` Lady Marmelade '' i hope her next album will be better made and include some more quality then this one , cause as i said before she got what it takes to make it big .
 On this album 's first single , `` The Best Of Me '' , Mya sings `` I ca n't let you get the best of me '' . And she 's right . This is hardly the best this girl could do . Her voice is sweet and soft , which balances well with other vocalists and rappers , so the best songs her are the colloborations . Jadakiss , Beenie Man , and the late Lisa ` Left Eye ' Lopes let Mya shine while they do their thing . The only solo track here that really works is her smash hit `` Case Of The Ex '' . The rest of the tracks are far from praise worthy . The ballads are banal and dull . `` Pussycats '' is a vile bit of throwaway R&B . To make it worse , she re-issued this album later with her catchy single `` Free '' , and I 'm left with this dud . Some solid tracks , but on the whole , it 's not that good R&B by numbers . I hope Mya can pull off a hot third album soon . Good luck to her .
 I do n't understand how Mya got a record deal . Her voice is very thin and annoying . I guess because she is lightskinned and cute that is the preresquite of making it in the R & b world . I gave her a star because I do like one song which is the midtempo `` Best of me '' I dont like her vocals but the beats are pretty good . This album will be a bestseller on the r & b charts because she has the above preresquites to make it But the trouble is she sounds like every other below 21 singer today . Her limited range and formula music wo n't allow for her to become a superstar but she will atleast be eye candy on B.E.T
 For my b-day in 2000 , I got this CD as one of my presents primarily b/c I like the song BEST OF ME . Well , that song and a few others are the only good songs on the CD which seems like a rush job and something that Mya was not really focused on . SOPHOMORE SLUMP does apply to this CD which fortunately did go platinum.Some of the best songs are the hip-hop RIDE AND SHAKE , BEST OF ME , CASE OF THE EX , TEARS ON MY PILLOW , THE FIRST TIME . Many of the faster songs are kinda lame and the CD takes a long time to get used to in which by that time u have moved on , but it is a nice effort .
 when I heard `` case of the ex '' I expected this cd to be so much better than it really is.I luv `` case of the ex '' , `` ride and shake '' , '' the best of me '' and `` takin me over '' but the rest is kinda poor.the ballads for instance : I really adore beautiful ballads but those r a bit too schmaltzy.I just read you could compare her to Destiny 's Child , Alicia Keys or Aaliyah -LRB- God bless ya , babygirl ! -RRB- but you ca n't ! they 're much better than her.not only that Mya 's lyrics could n't touch me inside what good lyrics used to but her vocals either are n't that good ...
 Absinthe Blind is by far the worst band to ever come out of the famed champaign-urbana music scene , there second album is no better then their first ... if not worse ... 1 star is the minimum i could give it ... i would give it worse if possible ... repetative and i detect way to much of a pink floyd influence .
 Terrible !! Take a listen for yourself . Just make sure it 's a friend 's copy and not one you spent your hard earned money on . I suspect the good comments were written by friends of the band , if not the band themselves
 I must say this album is way under par to what Urbana-Champaign 's reputation of music is up too . not only is it reocorded poorly but the songs are un-original and tedious and seem to suspiciously imitate Pink Floyd often . Singing is also annoying
 It would be great if Ms Smith could pronounce the words so clearly that you could understand the text . The poem is still part of the composition . The band comes on so loudly that she is second fiddle to them . They should accompany her , instead of trying to drown her out . This is common among High School Jazz organizations .
 We paid to hear this person in person based on the CD and it was a joke ... she is not sultry , has no vocal training , moves around onstage like there are ants in her pants . Any success she has had is completely based on phony reviews online , check them out . When we saw them perform , the band was fine but when she came onstage , most of the people ended up walking out , it was just that bad and almost child-like . I would not purchase anything based on glowing reviews , always read the bad reviews and then weigh the comments because these 5 star reviews you are reading are simply not accurate . Buyer bewareUPDATE since i wrote this review the number of glowing reviews expanded LOL seriously people . . sultry ? legendary ? comparing her to jazz greats ? sweet holy moly if there was ever a case of phony reviews this place is it .
 Aaron Rosand , now in his 70s , is undoubtedly one of the finest violinists of the 20th century . Unfortunately , either this recording was made during a bad day for Rosand , or his playing is showing the effects of age . Though his basic technical facility is still intact , there has been a change in his tone quality ; his vibrato has become very wide and slow , and his tone is often rough . The marvelous , precise control he 's displayed in previous recordings is often lacking now , with patches of audible unevenness that do not seem to be deliberate.Rosand 's tempo choices here are often slow , and in places , such as the second movement of the Khachaturian or the opening of the Sibelius , the impression of exaggerated slowness is exacerbated by the articulation of each individual note , disrupting the flow of the line . There are occasional moments of the `` old '' Rosand that sparkle through , and they are delightful ; fast passages are typically better than slow ones , probably because they are n't as affected by the vibrato.On the positive side , the conductor and orchestra accompany sympathetically and competently , though it 's a little sad that an artist of Rosand 's stature could not command the services of a truly world-class ensemble for this recording . The sound is excellent , and the balance avoids the over-miking of the soloist that has become all too commonplace.In a concert-hall situation , Rosand 's artistry alone might carry the day . But given the abundance of excellent recordings of these two concertos , this CD is likely one for hard-core Rosand collectors only . Those who wish to sample Rosand 's artistry are better off with his Sarasate album , or his recording of the Ernst and Joachim concertos.There is a superb coupling of the Khachaturian and Sibelius by David Oistrakh , though it is sadly out of print . Otherwise , listeners will need to buy these concertos separately . Henryk Szeryng , Louis Kaufman , and Julian Sitkovetsky all have terrific recordings of the Khachaturian . The Sibelius is the most heavily-recorded violin concerto in existence ; try Cho-Liang Lin for a conventional modern reading , or Ivry Gitlis for something a little off the beaten path .
 While the song titles are appealing , the actual music of the songs is anything but . It was like having the hits of your favorite singer sung by a Simon Cowell reject . After hearing them , I promptly deleted them from my computer and tossed the CDs .
 Several weeks ago , I attended the Long Beach Blues festival . Linded up for the afternoon was Jimmy Vaughn , Koko Taylor and for a real treat at the end of the day , two guys named Diddly and Berry . But among this royalty was Lucky Peterson . This dude put a smile on my face and a dent in my wallet as I picked up four of his CDs on the way out . A true showman of monumental propotions , I would recomend this gentleman to any lover of the blues and boogie .
 That anyone who liked Def Leppard would like this disc is a mystery . Leppard 's signature sound -- the dual guitar work -- is conspicuously absent here . Anyone who thinks otherwise is brain dead . The leads are there -LRB- or at least an attempt is there -RRB- . But the rhythm guitar is MIA . You might think for all his mouthiness that Warrant axeman Eric Turner could at least play the 2nd guitar parts to the old Leppard songs . You 'd be mistaken . Some of the vocal stuff on this disc is okay . Some of it is hideous . Overall this tribute makes you wonder two things
 If you want to hear a bunch of eighties has-beens -LRB- Jani Lane , Kevin DuBrow -RRB- and never-weres -LRB- John Corabi , Jizzy Pearl -RRB- covering old Def Leppard tunes very badly , then this is the album for you . And correct me if I 'm wrong , but the last time I checked `` Cherry Pie '' and `` Down Boys '' were NOT Def Leppard songs , so what are they doing on a Def Leppard tribute album ? Not even worth it as a curiosity piece . This one is just flat-out awful .
 I just purchased Michael Jackson 's 25th Annversary Edition release of his Bad Tour at Wembley Stadium DVD and feel very let down by his estate in the simple fact that they havent done him justice , yet again . I am a huge Michael Jackson fan and have been for 20 years and am considering starting a petition to get the Bad tour released in a better format , possibly on Bluray just like the film Moonwalker was release on Bluray . There is such a huge demand and large market for Michael Jackson Live performance footage to be released that it would be such a huge hit in sales and satifaction for music lovers worldwide . The black market is secetly booming with homemade Live DVD 's of Michael . The Bad tour is Michael at his best and should be celebrated in a much better style than this feeble release . I understand this recording was taken from vhs -LRB- the footage taken from the large audience screen feeds -RRB- which explains its quality . Michael never released his live concet footage to the commercial market for reasons unknown but if he had of done it would be a , if not the biggest sales he would have achieved in the history of his entertaining career . He would n't be happy with such a poor quality version of his performance being released . It 's like his artwork as he used to call it . It 's lik putting cling-film over a magnificent painting so you ca n't see its details . I know from many many other fans there is huge dissapointment from around the world from Michaels fan base . Also it is such a shame for us fans , the one 's that were n't at the concert to not experience the concert like ` you were there at the time ' which i feel high definition would do to the footage , enhancing the experience incredibly . Imagine the response from releasing a high definition version of Michael Jackson Live . There must be better footage available , as proven by uploads and previouse official Michael Jackson DVD releases . PLEASE release it in high definition , it is such an opportunity not to be missed .
 Okay album , but not groundbreaking as the previous two were . This is where he begins to believe in his own self-importance and in caring less about making good music .
 I seen the footage of this concert today and was super let down ! Michael face was blurred at times and images were fuzzy and not clear . What is this ? The MJ Estate should of taken the time to do MJ right ! They should of released the best of MJ 's performances of the bad tour on blu-ray and put this performance as an option to see as a bonus or extra but not as the main concert.The packaging comes with a lot of pic 's which is nice and CD of MJ 's original BAD CD release and bonus CD of demos and unfinished works.I feel like they bootlegged Michael Jackson and charged me $ 34 dollars !!! It is not worth $ 34 dollars the MJ Estate did not think this through they just found a VHS copy of the concert put it on DVD re-packaged the CD and Demos and made it seem like this was going to be something special.Look I just want Michael Jackson the KING OF POP to be given the royal treatment like the other Icons/Legends that have past before him . Elvis , Sinatra and so on.Okay , Has anyone seen Queen release from the early 80 's at Wembley Stadium ? They released the best of that tours performances and then put the not so good one as a second option for the fans . They did n't put Queen 's dark and rainy performance as the only concert , that was just an second option . Queen made sure the fans have the best footage of their concerts out and the not so good concerts as alternatives for the fans to pick and choose . I mean come on MJ ESTATE YOUR DEALING WITH ONE OF THE GREATEST ENTERTAINERS IN THE WORLD AND GIVING THE FANS BITS AND PIECES OF WHAT IS OUT THERE AND IT IS NOT EVEN GOOD QUALITY !! The MJ Estate started off with the worst quality concert as a starter !!!! Michael Jackson is not being given the treatment he deserves as the King Of Pop ! FREAKEN ELVIS from the 50 's , 60 's and 70 's has better material released on dvd than this !!! I am very let down by the MJ estate they did not do MJ justice at all . There is better material out there and they are not utilizing it . MJ Estate took advantage period . The MJ estate could have released the Tokyo Bad performance and put it on Blu-ray and put this as a second option on the blu-ray but not this alone ! Come on MJ Estate get creative and give Michael the treatment he deserves and Give his loyal fans the treatment they deserve !!! Do n't waste your money wait for the blu-ray sets to come out . Even thought the MJ Estate is trying to rake in as much money as possible with this kind of product they will eventually release better material that will be worth a fans money . Seriously , it looks like someone uploaded this concert to youtube and someone burned it on DVD . I guess I am so upset because Michael always deserves the best he would not release this quality of concert to anyone ever he would of made sure it was perfect , excellent only the best for his fans . MJ Estate is not living up to that with the recent products they have been releasing with Michael 's name .
 Did they let Bubbles design this packaging ? Since this was one AWESOME album , they sure did n't do it any justice by how they created this moronic packaging . I do n't know who designed this piece of crap , but it sure would n't have been up to Michael 's standards ! He 'd probably be angry . First off , it arrives with a badly damaged condition , with one of the corners bashed in . Blame Amazon for that . Second , you ca n't even display it properly on a shelf showing the title ! Zilch description on the sides ! Completely blank on all four sides . No one would even know what it was if they were perusing your collection ! Third , once you do figure out how to get it open by the magnet flap -LRB- which in my case was probably made worse because the badly damaged corner was right by the magnet flap , and been stuck folded over . -RRB- Fourth , good luck trying to get the contents out without damaging those as well . The box is not very forgiving for the cd 's and DVD packages inside . I nearly tore the photo album trying to pry it out . Then I nearly damaged the CD/DVD packages trying to get them out without bending or ripping them . Eventually I had to resort to hanging the box upside down to try to shake them loose . I ended up with bent cardboard covers anyway , and then bent them even worse trying to gently put them back in . What a total joke ! I 've been buying collection editions of CD 's and this is by far the worst looking , crummy beat up box I have ever had the misfortune to buy . Had I seen this in an actual store with my own eyes I would have cursed and just put it back disgusted that some cheep idiot did n't think it was worth packaging properly ! Now that we have online shopping , we have to pay first , pray some dolt packages it properly at Amazon , -LRB- Mine came in a bubble wrap envelope ! No wonder it got busted up ! This required a box with a piece of cardboard with plastic covering to ship it safely ! -RRB- and wait to see how bad the quality is after waiting however long it took to ship . Save the $ 35 , and just get the cheaper version . This one was made by idiots , for idiots . -LRB- And if this poor quality item was the best the Jackson family or whomever has the rights to re-issue his music , videos , and any other merchandising , I feel very bad for Michael 's legacy ! At least Pricilla had the smarts to take care of the legacy of Elvis ' estate , and ensure all official merchandise is created with the best quality . Hopefully Michael 's kids will eventually do right by their father 's legacy , instead of the second rate crap whatever person is involved with producing this junk .
 This record is crap . It was a major let down sales wise after Thriller and only sold as many copies as it did because it was a follow up to one of the biggest albums in Pop music history . Jackson peaked with Thriller and everything after it was a pale comparison . Plus you could not give Micheal Jackson CD 's away before he died . There was a reason he was so broke ! I am not going to go into his personal life . You do n't need to . Based on music alone this record is what it advertised ! That this record is Bad . Not bad cool . Just plain old bad !
 I liked this when I was little , but I hate it as an adult ... If u want a good album from 1987 buy Sign o the times by Prince ... and Hardline according to Terance Trent D'arby ... This album is to much fluff ... Kind of the way thriller is now that I listen to it with adult ears
 Peter Pan returned to Earth when this follow-up to THRILLER moved only about half as many copies . Jackson 's audience would continue to dwindle with each subsequent release , perhaps owing as much to the Self-Proclaimed King of Pop 's well-documented tangles with law enforcement as the quality of the albums themselves , yet Weird Al Yankovic nonetheless enjoyed tremendous success with his BAD-inspired music video , a rare example of a `` cover '' improving upon an original recording .
 I borrowed the cd From a friend few years ago to try it.most of the tracks were O.K except Track 9 `` Dirty Diana '' : that song sounded awfull and sadistic to me considering the way he sings and screems there along with Steve Stevens Guitar solo.and to make things worse there are some strings played in the song.I 'd listened to it few times for a second chance but NO.Im not listening to his songs anymore since they remind me of the exsistance of `` dirty diana '' , and im not his fan anymore.I dont recommend this album or his other stuff for those musicologists who keeplimited records collections worth listening to , and for those who understand complex mental psycology .
 Although this was once a great work , it does not survive well . Buy it if you have never had it . Otherwise , its just nostalgia.Sorry , Michael .
 An evaluation of reviews compelled me to choose this cd over Absolutely The Best -LRB- my introduction to Leadbetter , the audio quality ok -RRB- , though , I should have put more of a premium on sound . I 'll get ATB now , even if Last Sessions has the clearest audio experience , but whose version of In New Orleans had traded its original bounce for the dirge qualities of the modern version.ps - if you want a galloping , if wholly unlike the original , interp of the modern version , listen to Tracy Chapman 's go in the Elektra 40th anniversary Rubaiyat collection .
 Like so many of my generation , I first heard of Leadbelly through Nirvana 's harrowing cover of `` Where Did You Sleep Last Night . '' That put his name in my head , but it was quite a few years until I actually got a Leadbelly CD . I had ended up exploring a lot of other early bluesmen before I got around to Leadbelly . And that 's good , because I 've actually found Leadbelly to be horribly repetitive and boring . Whoa , did he just say that ? Boring ? Not Leadbelly , someone who 's been revered by blues fans and folkies for over 50 years now ! Yes people , BORING ... Let me add a little to that . I 'm not some neophyte who has one Leadbelly CD and decided all the music was horrible . I have the 1990 `` Leadbelly '' CD , `` King of the 12 String Guitar , '' and `` Gwine Dig a Hole to Put the Devil In . '' And after giving all three of them a lot of chances over the years , I 've come to my earlier conclusion . It 's a bit of a crime that Leadbelly has more releases than almost any other early bluesman . If ever the claim could be made that someone 's songs all sound the same , it applies to Leadbelly . Let me lay it out for you - Start out with some general `` chugga chugga '' chords - I swear the chords hardly vary between different songs . Much fuss is made about the fact that he played 12-string , but it might as well be strumming the end of a rake . Then , in an almost impenetrable patoise , start saying how a person did `` this , '' and then did `` this , '' and then did `` that , '' and cap it all off with the phrase `` you know what he said to him/her ? '' And then sing the chorus in a completely indecipherable mumble . And THAT is every Leadbelly song , folks . His voice never changes from this cycle . You do n't have the spooky vibrato of someone like Bukka White , no amazing guitar work like Robert Johnson -LRB- for me Leadbelly is actually a mediocre guitarist -RRB- , no country bounce like Mississippi John Hurt . It is really damned monotonous.Now , is it Leadbelly 's fault he does n't sound like other people ? No . But he has always been accorded this legendary status like he 's the fount from which all blues flows , and that 's not the case . His legend has always been helped by the facts of his life - serving prison terms several times , being discovered by Alan Lomax , getting a pardon from writing a song or something , etc. . While the story of Leadbelly is very interesting , I do n't think the music is . So , if you want a well-rounded early blues collection , get a Leadbelly CD then . But honestly , you really do n't need more than one .
 Percy Whitlock -LRB- 1903-1946 -RRB- is most famous for his organ works , but he also wrote some orchestral music . In a more serious vein , there is at least a symphony -LRB- there are some chamber works as well that may or may not merit investigation -RRB- , but the disc at hand focuses on his light music - though some of the works , such as the Music for Orchestra , do stretch that epithet . The word that best sums up the collection is probably `` variable '' - there is some memorable music here , but some of it is frankly eminently forgettable -LRB- or worse -RRB- . The Concert Overture
 ... let 's just say
 We are new to karaoke and are gradually learning which companies supply the most authentic and enjoyable music to sing to . This KARAOKE brand has been disappointing to us in that the music and the vocals sound absolutely nothing like the versions we are used to hearing on the radio or from our own personal collections . `` Ridiculous '' is literally the first word that came to mind to describe much of the music when we first heard it . We wo n't be using it , and we are done buying this brand altogether.As far as Christmas music goes , we decided that it would be more fun to use our own Christmas CD 's in the karaoke machine , even though they do n't have lyrics on screen , than to use this CD . There are other brands that are much better .
 I saw her on `` Live from Abbey Road '' singing `` Destruction '' . I bought the CD on that song alone . During the interview she mentioned she is writing her own material . She needs to improve or hire a better `` doctor ' to fix the songs . No other tune is as good as `` Destruction '' . I read that her latest CD is `` country-er '' . I generally do n't listen to country music , much less buy a CD of that genre . So she 's going to have to REALLY improve for me to buy her next CD .
 There ` s A Few Songs In This Album , The Lower My Ranking . Why Mix Country With Screeming Rock ` n Roll Tunes ????
 I wonder why many find this new Album from Crossover Pop/Country Sensation so great , as soon as I stumbled there is a Duet with that known Westlife reject Brian McFadden , sorry I was appalled ! How can Leann Rimes following in Delta 's footsteps somehow , sing with such a untalented Singer from Ex Westlife ?!? - Sorry as a Leann Fan , I 'm real disappointed , and urge similar disappointed fans to just boycott this album , and give a real message to LeAnn who is too talented for such a letdown , to re-release the album without this so terrible Duet `` Everybody 's Someone '' which about wrecks the entire album sadly , and giving it therefore one star , whereas I would have given Leann 5 Stars as for most of her albums , what a real shame !
 This CD set was a HUGE dissapointment . I should have known that the CD set was not what I hoped when I listened to `` Music of the Night '' and it sounded like a disco remix . The accompaniments all sound more like they are sequenced - not live and are cheap sounding . The singers are ok - a few are quite good . If you love Broadway music , do n't buy this CD .
 I am fortunate in the fact that the CD alas did not introduce me to Idaho . I am fortunate because had this been my first sample of the band I would have not given them much , if any thought after it . And that , my friends , would have been tragic because Idaho is an exceptional band . Three Sheets to the Wind -LRB- also by Idaho -RRB- is a CD I will always appreciate . If you do n't have it get it . If you have it ... 1 . find it 2 . get in the car 3 . find a back road somewhere to travel 4 . pop in the CD 5 . savorAs for alas - save your money .
 Do n't know why I still give each of Primal Screams new releases a try , since everythings been getting progressively worse . It 's nice when artists grow and mature but these guys seem to have gotten caught in some sort of terrible electronica trap . I guess having left such elements of tough out of their earlier records , they 've felt the need to really make up for it on XTRMNTR and the previously released Vanishing Point .
 I do n't normally give much heed to what the pop music press has to say about either artists or their work , but since I 'd been anticipating Primal Scream 's follow-up to `` Vanishing Point '' -LRB- quite possibly the greatest single recorded work of the 1990 's -RRB- for ages by the time `` XTRMNTR '' finally showed up , I was cautiously optimistic and even a wee bit excited that I band I 'd REALLY grown to appreciate was given such heavy props for their work . > Well , congratulations to Primal Scream for their raving critical appeal ... but this CD really is n't all that . The best thing about Primal Scream leading up to this release -LRB- with the notable exception of `` Give Out But Do n't Give Up '' -RRB- was that such an incredible diversity of musical sounds , styles , influences , etc. was represented from track-to-track that the listener never had the chance to get bored with what they were hearing ... a more diverse collection of music would n't be found again until the Vines ' debut . > `` XTRMNTR '' does n't have this problem ; it 's as though Bobby Gillespie and Co. decided that `` Kowalski '' and `` Motorhead '' -LRB- two of my least-favorite tracks from `` Vanishing Point '' -RRB- were the direction the band was to take and recorded every track on `` XTRMNTR '' with the idea of sounding EXACTLY like those tracks . The result is basically an album 's - length muddle of electronic noise not unlike listening to a machine gun being fired in your ears over and over again . Where 's the diversity ? Where 's the groove ? Admittedly it 's a great collection of electronic aggression , which might make it a great punk album , but Primal Scream were never a punk band . I mean , if I wanted to listen ro Prodigy I 'd buy their stuff . > I 'll give it two stars because as far as Primal Scream goes , the only thing they 've ever recorded that I may have thought less of was the aforementioned `` Give Out But Do n't Give Up '' ; if there was ever a Primal Scream CD worth one star or less it 's that one .
 In my humble opinion this is the worst offering from Primal Scream in 10 years.If you have money to spend , buy Vanishing Point . Avoid this one at all costs as running across hot coals is more enjoyable than listening to this.Look forward to the next offering
 I do n't know this group , but from what I can see from their songs , they 're probably full of hatred and racism .
 I do n't know this group , but from what I can see from their songs , they 're probably full of hatred and racism .
 The British music press have been fawning over Primal Scream and their latest album since the release of Xtrmntr early this year . In their furious desire to embrace a band ` that matters ' they have grabbed on to the incoherent and hypocritical adolescent rantings of Bobby Gillespie and co. . The first four tracks on this album are of top quality , if somewhat derivative of the Stooges and Velvet Undergound circa White Light/White Heat . They also owe a lot to Mani 's exquisite driving basslines , honed in the early 90s with the Stone Roses . After that however , it falters badly . A terrible attempt at white-boy rap with ` Pills ' ; a jazz-rock fusion which Soft Machine would have been ashamed of ; a remix of a track already on the album ; and the inclusion of a MBV remixed track which had already been released a year ago . Album of the year ? I really do n't think so .
 With their last album , `` Vanishing Point '' , Primal Scream were able to create another masterpiece , something like a `` Screamadelica 2 '' . `` Xtrmntr '' certainly is a disappointment . `` Xtrmntr '' is about being enraged . Listen to the first single `` Swastika Eyes '' and you get a flavour . Evil corporations rule the world etc. . We heard that before and somehow Primal Scream do n't really have the credibility to deliver that message . As a short side-note let me add that in Germany , `` Swastika Eyes '' appeared as `` War Pigs '' . That only makes sense if you assume that the single is about making money -LRB- so `` War Pigs '' would not insult the Germans ... -RRB- and not about making a point . But making music for angry young people is a smart thing to do I guess.Apart from the lame message , the music on `` Xtrmntr '' is disappointing . Sure enough , the single `` Swastika Eyes '' rocks a lot . But that is pretty much it . Some other songs are nice and very similar -LRB- lyrics and music -RRB- but there is no spark and the album is rather patchy . What 's more , two mixes of the same song on an album are sort of dubious - especially if they are so similar . And the song done with/by Kevin Shields in fact already appeared on a remix EP . Anyway , what 's the music like ? There is not much of a variation as on the last album . Most of the music follows the path set by `` Swastika Eyes '' . Yes , it 's somewhat boring . Well , I guess I can wait for their `` Screamadelica 3 '' ...
 I never thought this would happen that I would give a Hendrix album a rating below 4 stars . However , I 've grown up since I bought this album since I was 15 . Not saying that I 'm ultra-conservative borderline Libertarian , but I do n't feel that this was as good an album as I originally thought . To me this was a suicide note sent to us from Hendrix himself . His playing is extremly uninspired even if he was going back to his roots which were the blues . Mind you Hendrix did have alot on his plate as he was now being forced to play with black musicians while he was a free spirit , and wanted to play with whoever he wanted . His performances after the Band Of Gypsys concert were becoming more and more burdensome I used to have a copy of his concert at Randall Island , and it was a absolute terrible performance . Almost 2 months after that show Hendrix would be dead . I feel that Hendrix cheated us by an early death , but in the song `` Angel '' I ca n't help but feel that 's what he wanted at this point . I know during my depressing times `` Angel '' rings loud and clear in my head , and I feel that 's what was happening in his . I know he was losing his faith real fast it came in loud and clear with the song `` Straight Ahead '' with the line `` They Do n't Give A Damn ... If Your Hair Is Short , Or Long '' . I know that there were 2 controversal murders that took place during this time On the hippie side you had the Manson family murders , and on the clean cut side you had the McDonald murders in which Green Beret Doctor Jeffery McDonald was being accused of murdering his whole family , and blaming it on the hippies . People were starting to wake up I guess , and see that people were really people regardless of hair length . I know that 3 weeks before his death Hendrix after smashing his guitar at a performance had asked the audience if anyone knew the answer to peace to meet him backstage . What a shame . He knew Phil Keaggy , and declared him the greatest guitar player in the world , but it was shortly before Keaggy became a Christian that Hendrix would o.d. on barbituates . Imagine if Keaggy had led Hendrix to the Lord what could 've happened . Unfortunately what we are left with is a album from the greatest rock guitarist at his lowest even unto death .
 Good tribute albums are hard to come by . In rare instances , tribute albums bring together an eclectic group of popular musicians , many of whom are ostensibly quite different from the band being honored -LRB- qv , the Grateful Dead tribute -RRB- , resulting in a uniquely interesting and pleasurable experience . The vast majority of the time , however , such tribute albums consist of tepid covers by artists that are so aesthetically similar to the original band that there seems no point.This album is one of the latter . None of the versions on this album are unpleasant or offensive , but the decidedly twee roster of Matinee Records prove themselves incapable of straying far from the original versions of these songs , ultimately making this album a bit dull . Worse , by recording such faithful renditions , the bands have unwittingly revealed their lack of musicianship
 After I ordered this product I received the correct case but the CD inside is AYA CON DIOS NIGHT OWLS ! I am very disappointed and have been trying to contact Toll House for this but no one has responded to me let alone send me the correct cd !!!!!!!
 I like kittie , but their lives songs are just horrible . They seem to try to hard , there is almost no singing on this CD just screaching . They should have stuck to their normal version of their songs , the death-metal type screaming just does n't go over well from a female . They butchered their own songs!Kittie is kickass band , but this CD just is n't any good . The music video on this CD saves it from being a complete waste of money .
 Kittie are beyond horrid . How anybody can actually listen to this tripe - let alone record it - is unbelieveable . They 're `` Here today , gone tomorrow '' - a trend that the record company will milk as much money as they can before droppiung them after their second album flops -LRB- which I can almost ga-ron-tee it will -RRB- - and believe me , I wo n't miss them .
 Well , I 'm not a huge fan of live tracks to begin with so I ca n't be so you may want to take consideration of that before you read my opinion.I did n't find anything enjoyable about these live tracks . The Paperdoll remix is the best song on this EP , but over all the only song that I like on this -LRB- live , anyway -RRB- is Do You Think I 'm a Whore.So all in all , if you must have this , I recommend downloading it or buying it very cheap used.Please keep in mind , I 'm a huge fan of Kittie and I love all their albums to death , but this particular EP I did n't like . I like some metal , and I never flame anything . Ever . So please do n't think I 'm flaming Kittie cause they are kick ass .
 The first recording by The Resident -LRB- s -RRB- -LRB- as opposed to The Residents . -RRB- With this and the only slightly better `` The Big Bubble , '' the new `` group '' attempts to regroup in the studio and get `` their '' groove back making original music , a feat only acheived decades later with `` Wormwood '' and the fabulous `` Demons Dance Alone . `` Give `` Tunes '' a miss .
 I thought the music was beautiful , but I really wanted the CD for the song `` Tonight and the Rest of My Life . '' Was pretty disappointed .
 Hey , this is to the other reviewers who wanted the song that was on the previews to be on the CD . If you do n't know who the artist is , it is Nina Gordon . The title of the song is `` Tonight And The Rest Of My Life . '' Hope it helps !
 For those of you looking to buy this soundtrack because you saw the trailer in the theaters and fell in love with the song that is played , DO N'T BE FOOLED ! It is not on the CD.The name of the song is `` Tonight and the Rest of My Life '' by Nina Gordon . So go buy her album , not this one !
 this is to Mark and Rosie
 for rosie and mark d. kim . . The title for the song played in the preview is Tonight and the Rest of My Life by Nina Gordon . Hopefully this will help you guys
 The song that many of you are looking for is by Nina Gordon and is called `` Tonight and the rest of my life '' . There is a link to her web page on the Captain Corelli 's Mandolin website under `` Trailor '' . This is the song played during the trailor . Hope I was of some help ...
 Very disappointed in this soundtrack . Was mislead in the movie theater when I found that the great track during the preview was not included on this CD . -LRB- The only reason I picked this CD up -RRB- .
 I love the song in the previews but I do n't know what it is . someone post a review telling us .
 The song Mark D. Kim and Rosie from N.Y. are looking for is by Nina Gordon . It 's called `` Tonight and the Rest of my life ''
 I thought the music was beautiful , but I really wanted the CD for the song `` Tonight and the Rest of My Life . '' Was pretty disappointed .
 I did n't go out and purchase the cd yet but as well as Mark.D.Kim I was looking for the song that comes out during the preview because I am getting married and loved the song when I heard it in the movie threaters and was hoping someone could help me find the song so I could play it at my reception . Thank you Mark because if it was n't for your review I would have made the same mistake and purchase the cd looking for the same song .
 The song is Tonight And The Rest Of My Life by Nina Gordon
 for everyone who bought the cd and was disappointed that the song `` tonight and the rest of my life '' by nina gordon was n't on the soundtrack i m telling you it 's nina gordon . I was searching for it on the internet to find the soundtrack and read that it was n't there . it saved me a lot of time and money . good bye
 this cd is very disappointing . but i did find out the song on the preview . the song on the preview is entitled `` only time '' by enya . you can find it on the sweet november soundtrack or her cd `` a day w/o rain '' hopefully this will help you find the song your looking for
 for rosie and mark d. kim . . The title for the song played in the preview is Tonight and the Rest of My Life by Nina Gordon . Hopefully this will help you guys
 I too would have purchased the cd , had it not been for your reviews . I was looking for the song used in the reviews , too . I finally found the Artist , though . ` Tonight & The Rest of My Life ' by Nina Gordon . Amazon has her cd for sale under `` Tonight & The Rest of My Life -LRB- +1 Bonus -LSB- IMPORT -RSB- Nina Gordon '' Hope this helps . : -RRB-
 Thank you Mark and Rosie for your review . I was about to buy this CD , thinking that the song that was played during the preview of this movie is on this CD . If it were n't for your comment , I would have bought this CD for nothing .
 It 's only fair that I take responsibility for buying what is simply a Sound Track Only of the movie . I 'm deaf and need a sound track like I need a hole in the head .
 The songs on this album are all outstanding , but any Specials or Desmond Dekker fans out there are in for a disappointment . The producers decided to run all the instruments and vocals through a reverb effect in an apparent attempt to replicate Phil Spector 's Wall Of Sound . In addition , most of the tracks are overrun by sustained synthesizer chords . Ska 's catchiest attribute is its sharp rhythms , but the morons in the booth ruined it by drowning out the quality . What 's their motivation ? Lord knows , but I 've always detested producers who try to become part of the act themselves by manipulating the message instead of fine-tuning it . Close your eyes , and you 'll think you 're trapped in some horrible karaoke bar . These two classic acts deserved better .
 I tried to listen and appreciate some talent , but I just ca n't see it . If your standards are high , say Brandy , Monica , Destiny 's Child then this kind of music just wo n't be sufficient . It 's not all about the beat ; their needs to be some talent .
 I do n't like when hard rockers `` Tone it down '' . I really loved this band up until this album . It is way too slow for me and not enough energy . If you really want to hear how this band rocks your ass off , get some of their earlier material and `` CRANK IT UP '' . I think after the passing of guitarist Paul Hackman they lost their ability to produce hard rock . Sorry guys , I 'm still a long time Helix fan just not of this effort .
 Ordered this DVD for my son , but instead received the Mother Goose Rocks vol . 5 CD . Returned that in exchange for the shipment of the DVD , but instead AGAIN received the Mother Goose Rocks vol . 5 CD . Contacted Amazon customer service and was told that they do n't reship an item a third time but that they could refund the price and send me a return label . I guess I wo n't be buying this DVD .
 John Pizzarelli has a voice that could turn any song into a monotonous performance . He is a great guitar player but should certainly stay away from singing . I own many of his CDs but I can never listen to them more than once . His voice is weak , and he sounds like he is singing through his nose . The tone of his voice can sometimes make you feel like you are listening to something totally out of tune . I particularly do not like his rendition of `` John-Da Vinci 's Eyes '' in which he sounds like a reject from American idol . John should follow his father 's path -LRB- Bucky -RRB- and stick with guitar playing .
 Wow , what a disappointment . Do n't get me wrong ; I 'm sure the Uber Edition is Uber Excellent , but the condition of the one I received was shameful . It had clearly been opened and had someone try and look at it as they had ripped the box that the set comes in . When you 're paying over 400 bucks for a collectors edition -LRB- supposedly -RRB- you expect to get it in collectable condition ; no ? Not from Amazon I 'm afraid . So my options are to deal with it - not likely , or send it back - which I 'm doing . So who now has to pay to send a damaged item back to the US from Australia despite it clearly being Amazon 's problem ? Yep , good guess , me . What a joke . I have bought from Amazon for a very long time , but am starting to question it as more and more goods are damaged when they get here and it is clear they are damaged from the way they are packed . Lift your game Amazon . Just because you 're number one does n't mean you get to treat customers with contempt .
 Give yourself a lift ... `` One '' is the only GREAT song here . The rest of the album is pretty forgettable .
 OK . Maybe not . There 's some OK stuff here . No songs though . It 's probably better than Pop . It 's certainly better than Enya . Bono chooses not to sing this time out , and the rest of the band tries to compensate with effects . It does n't work .
 Sorry , but this album is one of the most overrated albums ever ! There is nothing to get excited about with this album . The best word to describe it is `` boring '' . I 'm not sure how it gets put up there on some lists of `` the best albums of the 90 's '' . I not a huge U2 fan , but this album is nothing compared to Joshua Tree and War .
 u2 is kind of annoying to me , but this album is one i had when i was younger so i bought it used . i listen to it occasionally and like the song `` one ''
 Why do the dvds not work in my dvd player . this is bull s *** . I spent a lot of money now I get to return it . Will it work next time ?
 Some great songs . A lousy album . Nothing in the middle . I liked U2 better when they were n't so slick . I never understood U2 in the 90 's . Much better now .
 My friend owns record store , and one day we started arguing over who is the most overrated rock band of all time . We usually never agree on anyhting , but we both firmly agreed that the winner of THE MOST OVERRATED ROCK BAND OF ALL TIME went straight to U2 . Sure theyve got a couple of good songs , but that hardly puts them on the summit of great artists . We asked a few customers who walked in the store for thier opinions on the subject , and I was shocked that every single customer ages 15 to 45 thought we were right . So my hat is off to you U2 , you certainly deserve the title
 The CD was sent in a paper envelope . He arrived on time but damaged and the CD All That You Can Live Behind arrived damaged . You could have sent a more secure packaging . I did not approve .
 Good for U2 , but nothing compared to major bands .
 A bunch of whiney music from some left-wing extremists . I tried real hard to find something that I liked on this CD but it never happened .
 Here 's to the most overrated band in the history of recorded music . Boo , you suck . If Bonehead was n't hob-nobbing with the pope or leaders you would n't have this MTV hype driven nonsense top polls and fool people into thinking they matter.I leave you with an excellent commentary by the ever wise , George Harrison
 This was the end of U2 that I loved - and I was a fanatic - and still am a fanatic of the ` early U2 ' -LRB- ie . I still own and enjoy everything - and I mean everything - before Actung Baby -RRB- . It was obviously a business decision -LRB- and a very successful one -RRB- for the band to go in this direction but what a musical disappointment . The story for U2 pretty much ended here -LRB- ` Vertigo ' is the main exception -RRB- . ` One ' is the only great song -LRB- up there with the best U2 songs -RRB- and the only reason I still keep Achtung Baby . The rest is boring dance crap or just plain boring . I ca n't think of another rock album in history which is so massively overrated . Then again why bother trying - I 'd rather get another beer and put on ' I Will Follow ' , ` Streets Have No Name ' or even ` Another Day ' .
 i 'm one of the few people that believe u2 went down the toilet with this record . i loved `` the joshua tree '' and played it all the time , but this record did nothing for me , but mildly interested me with the cut `` mysterious ways '' . spring instead for `` joshua tree '' or greatest hits -LRB- with my favorite song pride -RRB- instead unless you live for techno stuff more than guitars .
 The positive ... U2 has composed great music in the past , some live concerts were awesome and one of a kind . The Cd 's Achtung Baby and Zooropa sold millions copies and The Zoo Tv tour was full of energy . In short , a real success story.The negative ... The quality of the sound of the cd 's in this box set is definitely not better than the original audio cd 's of Achtung Baby and Zooropa , maybe even worse . And those who own single cd 's like Stay -LRB- faraway so close -RRB- can compare the songs to the new box set and easily spot the differences . Too bad , they have made audio adjustments to cd 's of the new box set.It 's sometimes alright being melancholy ... looking back at great stuff in the past , but sometimes it gets boring . It 's the same with many movies . Remember Beverly Hills Cop ? Part II was still fun , but part III was not worthwhile seeing anymore . And this is the case with this box set . The old albums Achtung baby and Zooropa are part again of the six cd 's and the other four cd 's are remixes and different versions . The Zoo Tv concert and all the video 's from the old album Achtung Baby are part again of the four DVD 's . The other two DVD 's are just documentaries and most of them have been shown several times on television in the past . More than half of the material in this box set , most U2 fans already have seen , downloaded or bought . And the most remarkable fact ... This is just one box set of a series of five other box sets being sold ! Looking back 20 years , is just an excuse to sell more copies and make more profit . And a good example of how bad and money-hungry record companies have become.Conclusion ... Too much old stuff being sold again ... Too commercial .
 `` The sound of four men chopping down the Joshua Tree ... `` More like the sound of a very large company putting together a slick looking package without filling it with anything of substance.For starters , the packaging is great . It 's well done , sturdy , informative , and it looks great displayed . I 'm sure the Uber Version looks just as good . However , the package is simply to hold and celebrate the music , which in this case , it falls short.In response to some of the questions regarding the sound ; if anyone says `` This version sounds better , '' they are mistaken , because the fact is that this album and the Zooropa included with the Deluxe sets were not even remastered -LRB- in the traditional sense . -RRB- Yes , they both sound a bit louder , but as far as the clarity and crispness of the songs , they sound the same as they did almost 20 years ago . Truly , fans should be asking themselves why the label did n't go all out for this release . Why celebrate an album is you 're not going to give it the complete treatment it deserves?I 've never been a fan of remixes , and I 'm still not . Even demoes only sort of interest me - the songs were demoed so that they could perfect the final version , which we 've been given . I do n't really need to hear the entire evolution . What I want are more songs . I know that there are recordings from both Achtung and Zooropa that have not been officially released . Give us those sessions , let us in the studio , let us experience the creation of an important album.I 'm not going to blame U2 like some of the other reviewers , I 'm sure that most of this was put together by the label and they tried to do a good job , but ultimately fell short .1 . The albums should have been remastered . Period . Fans were expecting this . And with the studio technology these days , there is no way the albums would not have sounded better .2 . They should have taken a tip from Columbia 's Miles Davis Sessions box sets . If you are n't familiar with them , take a look . Fans get a lot for their money . Nothing but music , music , and more music .3 . Released the songs that are in the vault , leave out the remixes .4 . They even screwed up the 2 disc release by putting it in a typical digipack , not the hardbound book and slipcase that was used for every other earlier re-master . Why the deviation ? MOney saving probably . Still , it makes the whole project look half assed .
 Disc 2 has all too familiar outtakes & B-sides while the more rare outtakes can only be had on the super expensive box set . i think classic rock fans are starting to get tired of being milked by these `` deluxe '' re-releases . no wonder cd sales are dropping . would it hurt the labels to release a single disc remaster & add a free bonus disc of outtakes ? i think that would get better favor from consumers & probably sell a lot more copies .
 When U2 released Achtung Baby in 1991 , it was their first album in the decade , and the follow up to the somewhat flop of `` Rattle And Hum . '' This is my favorite U2 album by far . The CD does n't really sound remastered , only louder . It was a full digital recording to begin with , so perhaps there was n't that much to do . Including a disc of demos of the album was a great idea , however , some of the tracks sound like 2011 Bono singing to 1991 U2 playing . This is a shame . If the tracks did not have vocals , simply release them as they are . Why only One Star ??? The music deserves around 400 stars , but U2 's Management released a statement basically calling it a cash grab . 6 CDs and 4 DVDs sound great . This set was not made for the casual U2 fan . The Casual U2 fan is not about to plunk down $ 126 for a Box Set . The problem , is that hard core fans like me were horrified to find out that the Zoo TV DVD Live In Sydney was part of this set . This is something Die Hard fans already paid for . More than Once . We bought it on VHS , some bought it on the old Laser Disc format , then on DVD . They could have chopped off $ 10 or so on the price , and not make us buy the same thing twice . I ca n't give the band a free pass on this one . They have so much money , they have to understand that their die hard fans who want the box set are going through tough economic times . This set is better than Sting 's latest Box Set that is a total rip off . I still have to rate the set with one star , as this band goes to much trouble to market themselves as philanthropists , and now they are robbing their own fans.The demo Cd is the reason to buy the box . It is great hearing the songs as they probably were before the final album . Like I said , some of the songs sound doctored up a bit after the fact . A lot of artists do this , so I guess I 'll have to deal with it . I have not watched the entire doucmentary DVD yet , however , it is very good , and a big positive when considering ifto purchase this . Again , the failure of U2 's Manager Paul McGuinness to understand their die hard fans is hard for me totake . I 've spent thousands of dollars on this band , and figure they couuld 've dropped the Sydney DVD , and given us a unreleasedconcert from the same period , so that we do n't have to give our money to bootleggers who charge $ 35 or more for a poor qualityrelease.One last complaint , is that there were a lot of unused songs from both the Achtung Baby , and Zooropa era which did not make the cut . I really could do without all the remixes , as I own all the CD singles as well , like most Die Hard U2 fans do . Theyeasily could 've made it 7 CDs and taken out the Sydney DVD , with or without another concert.Still , most die hards will have to buy this , warts and all . It 's just with somebody like Bono , you would thinkhe would have the understanding that including the Sydney DVD was a slap in the face to the real fans . I wo n't be lisening to `` Scarelt '' from October tonight , and will not be singing `` Rejoice . '' Shame On You , U2 .
 This album was the downfall of Irelands finest . They let their quality control and integrity drop with this dodo . And have n't recovered since .
 This album is very overatted . The Joshua Tree is the best thing this Irish 4-piece ever put out . This is over-produced and annoying .
 This is rock music at its worst total bosh ! Avoid this rubbish and go in serch of classic rock like the Who & Led Zeppelin . U2 are one of those commercial greedy groups that all but killed the genre .
 I think rock bands like Pearl Jam should teach U2 some ROCK . They are too pop . It is pretty sad .
 REALLY A DICK ... POOR IN ALL ! THE UGLIEST ALBUM OF ALL TIMES , WITHOUT ANY DOUBT . NEVER BUY THIS IN YOUR LIFE !
 Question ... What were you on to make you produce a `` concept '' cd.Where 's the power drums of PJ Parti ? Is Dr. Bob even on this ? This cd sounds like a desperate attempt to re-kindle the flame of the former lineup . Weak , weak , weak .
 O.K. you 're going to find a few goodies here . These are Tragedy , Too Much Heaven , and Spirits -LRB- Having Flown -RRB- . Program your CD player for these . Tragedy is the last great song of their 2nd fame era . This is a song that , when listened to in a vehicle , will induce speeding , simply because of its insistent beat and chorus . Too Much Heaven is a great bit of charity work for UNICEF and the brothers harmonize so well . Spirits -LRB- Having Flown -RRB- is just a song that will catch your ear for some strange reason and hold you in its grasp . As for the rest of the album , skip it . Uninspiring .
 I am 15 , and from San Diego . I consider myself a fairly good critic . From John Beal , to Alan Silvetri , I have all of the soundtracks and such . I hope to become a composer later on in life , and I have already created scores for movies , and trailers . Come on John ! I bought your CD in hope of an anthology of a great , but it fell short . Out of thirty something two minute trailers , maybe three are decent . It must have been hard to come up with them all , but even I can do better than this . Word of advice , DO N'T BUY THIS CD UNLESS YOU ARE COLLECTING THEM WITHOUT LISTENING TO THEM ! Sorry , but the truth hurts ...
 Hi there . I bought this for a few specific cues . Mainly , I wanted the Ghost Trailer music , as the original trailer -LRB- heavily -RRB- used elements from Hans Zimmer 's out of print Black Rain score -LRB- which I love -RRB- . I loved watching the Ghost trailer for the music at the end alone , which I thought was incredible . This cue is similar to the trailer , but NOT the same . TRUST me on this . It is NOT the music from the trailer . I guess I just felt lied to after that . I mean , what would you expect to hear on the track `` Academy March '' from Police Academy ? The Police Academy theme song , right ? Wrong . Just some march that sounds nothing like it . Track after track of that kid of letdown . I am really disappointed in this -LRB- especially since I THOUGHT it would be really cool when everyone else told me they thought it sounded stupid -RRB- . This collection , rather than being from an artist who emulates other scores , seems like it 's from an artist who emulates people who emulate scores , if that makes any sense . Just to give you an idea , I was DYING to get this cd -LRB- I actually turned bargain bins inside out at Media Play before just ordering it online -RRB- , and now I wish I had the $ 6.50 back that I paid for it . : - -LRB-
 I am 15 , and from San Diego . I consider myself a fairly good critic . From John Beal , to Alan Silvetri , I have all of the soundtracks and such . I hope to become a composer later on in life , and I have already created scores for movies , and trailers . Come on John ! I bought your CD in hope of an anthology of a great , but it fell short . Out of thirty something two minute trailers , maybe three are decent . It must have been hard to come up with them all , but even I can do better than this . Word of advice , DO N'T BUY THIS CD UNLESS YOU ARE COLLECTING THEM WITHOUT LISTENING TO THEM ! Sorry , but the truth hurts ...
 The ending theme of `` Baby , I 'm A Big Star Now '' - by Counting Crows . Why was n't it included ? Did I miss something ? The rest is not very inspiring without this Important song ; which is the only song that I 'll remember the movie by .
 I have to agree with the previous two reviewers . The music and score for a musical have to tell the story as much as do the words , and it 's not happening here . In fact , I 'm not sure the lyrics are doing much better . Two stars are for the talent , of which there is some . Also , some of the songs are decent , removed from their content and intent . Honestly , I bought this sight unseen , without any idea of what I was getting , but looking at the cover , I expected something a little edgier and modern . Disappointment is the word here ...
 the book is amazing , the movie is great , this `` show '' is nothing but garbage . the music sounds like intro music to the honeymooners or mr. ed -LRB- or any other old tv series -RRB- ... when willa harper sings about how she is now a widow , has two children and barely any income to support themselves she is singing in a major key , I 'm looking ahead . who the heck in a midlife crisis looks forward and is happy about it ?! Preacher 's music is all happy and really it 's actually sub-cartoon music . Preacher is a skitsophrenic murdering pshycho-pathic maniac with a fake smile and all his music is like bugs bunny ! its a joke . The guys who wrote this did not read the book very carefully cause preacher never holds hiss knife in the hand called love in the book , he only holds it in his left hand . quite frankly i have no idea how it ever got produced or even how they got permission to do it because the book is visualy just magic , really perfect subject matter for an opera , which i hear one is in the process of being written and is almost done . I can not warn you enough , STAY AWAY FROM THIS `` SHOW '' ! -LSB- . -RSB- ... the other reviews here speak volume cause obviously the guys who give it 5 stars are either in the cast or buddies of them , or something . where as myself and several others cringe at the mention of the musical . look for the opera in the next couple years , i 've heard its absolutely astonishing and portrays what davis grubb really invisioned .
 This was pethetic , First could i not tell what the heck the plot was from the songs , but the singing was bleh , the music not entertaining , and all i heard was one song about god after another . I coulnt belive i bought it . Oh well you buy some bad ones when you take risks .
 The original film was already a musical !!!!!!!! 8 musical selections
 I was so excited to get this recording because I used to listen to the Hermione Gingold recording as a child . The only problem is that this recording does NOT feature Hermione Gingold . I will treasure this because it was a Christmas gift from my father , but hope the description , which is on the Amazon site and embedded on the CD , is corrected to reflect the narrator accurately .
 I LOVE Curious Buddies . We had all the other DVDs and my daughter is just in love with them from the time she was 3 months and even now likes them at 31/2 years old . So , when I saw this one , I thought it would be just as good for my son who is now 9 months . I do not like it as much . The music is not as great and it does n't hold their attention like Curious Buddies at the Park or on the Farm or on the Beach . In fact , the music is sometimes annoying and I want to turn it off . I would n't have bought this if I had previewed it before I bought it . However , for anyone debating on which Curious Buddies DVDs to get , definitely get Curious Buddies at the Park or on the Farm . Those are my kids FAVORITES and I really like the songs on those DVDs . You can probably do without this one .
 This Cd does have the original opening song `` Asterisk '' but that 's it . the show does have great japanese pop for it 's opening and closing creds but they are pretty much missing from this . This CD is all the insidental music that actually goes in the scenes of the anime.If you like that , then this is for you , if , like me , you 're looking for the Japan pop , pass this by .
 The musicians who recorded this CD are skilled . There can be no doubt of that . But this is not the original soundtrack as seen in the motion picture , `` MIDWAY '' , conducted by John Williams . This is , frankly , a `` cover '' album.The original score was brash and bold . This recording is timid and weak by comparison . The opening title sequence , among others , is almost unrecognizable here.I am highly disappointed . I would prefer they followed the original to a `` T '' or released it instead of this .
 '' ~ My main reason for purchasing this CD was so that I could hear the `` Men of the Yorktown March . '' The end title , `` Midway March '' is also quite enjoyable . While I 'm glad that Varese Sarabande did a complete re-recording of this score , I really do n't care about hearing the 47 second clip `` Missing the Flatlands '' or the 37 seconds worth of `` Ensign Gay Afloat . '' '' ~ ears very well at all ...
 I never thought I 'd rate anything by Madonna 1 star , but I had to . `` Remixed Prayers '' is much , much better than this . You do n't get 3 mixes of `` LAP '' you get 5 AND 3 remixes of `` Express Yourself '' ! So , get `` Remixed Prayers '' instead . You will be satisfied . I know I am .
 hearing this song reminds me why it was n't included in His Greatest Hits collection years back.it 's a interesting mix of Song & Film clips combined in Samples but it 's Predictable.not one of Prince 's best moments .
 I Love Prince , but what a disappointment . I should have stuck with the orginal version . If you 're looking for the radio or video version beware , this is not it
 I 'm no musical purist , so when I say that the Turkish reviewer Serhat Erdogan is entirely correct , and that this CD sounds more like a midwesterner 's fantasy of middle eastern music , my disappointment lies in how unimaginative this fantasy sounds . Darbouka ai n't all that 's missing , so is soul and anything like a cohesive musical theme . Ocal from Turkey , or the Laz artist from that region , Birol Topaloglu will raise a more righteous buzz than will tepid Zohar . Erdogan also mentions the group Arabandi , who I stumbled upon , made up of Israeli , Palestinian , Iranian , and Indian players who really take the well-developed foundations of Middle Eastern classical music and stretch it out like play-doh . Zohar wants to be a dance or `` house rave '' soundtrack , and they fail there too , as Erdogan is also right to point out DJ Cheb I Sabbah has done that with more invention and flavor . He 's the Middle Eastern and North African -LRB- different musical styles -RRB- partybeat mixer to beat . `` Midnight at the Bazaar '' is in fact an extended musical stereotype couched in smug lounge excess well short of camp . If all you were to learn of the variety of musical marvels to be found in Morocco were to come from Zohar 's `` Maroc '' you would be unnecessarily impoverished . Go out and try Aisha Kandisha , Amouri Mbarq , El Houssaine Kili , Walid Mimoun , Raissa Tabaamrant , Ahlam or Argan for Moroccan Amazigh -LRB- Berber -RRB- beats and Atlas Mountain loops . `` Sketches of Egypt '' has n't got the lyricism of Miles Davis or the creative instrumental arrangement of Abdel Wahab . As for the Astoria reviewer who was justifiably impressed with the beautiful vocal samples on this CD , to remark that `` Few people if any , would pick up a CD by Oum Kalthoum '' is sheer ignorance . I worked for years at the northern California indie record store AMOEBA , in a large and busy World Music department . Oum Kalthoum 's bin in the Egypt section was the best stocked of any World Music artist precisely because for many years -LRB- at least since the Israeli tv documentary about the Egyptian diva 's life that generated so much interest when it played film festivals in the U.S. -RRB- music lovers of all ages were coming in and scooping up multiple CD 's by Oum Kalthoum then coming back to try more ! She worked with great musical directors , sang songs with deep meaning for everyone from working class folks to the slimy ambitious nouveau riche to the simply elegant in Egyptian life , and somehow managed to speak to traditionalists and musical modernists at the same time . This album by Zohar can make no such claim .
 I just listened and in fact bought this cd . . I am originally from Middle East but I really did not like this cd . . Because first of all this is not real middle eastern music . . this is almost middle western !! music . . I love and listen to middle eastern music a lot but with this album I could not find the taste of middle eastern music ... where is `` darbuka '' at this cd ?? if you want some real , authentic middle eastern music go listen to Burhan Ocal from Turkey ... Arabandi from israel ... Hossam Remzi from Egypt . . the thing is it is not so easy to blend real ethnic music with modern jazz or dance ... Most bands or single musicians fail to do that . . One of the few who manages to create something valuable is Dj Cheb Sabbah . .
 This sounds like music that gets played while playing Tomb Raider . The tracks were non-inspiring and annoying , though on some openings they did catch my ear .
 I 'm sorry , but I am not feeling this album at all . I never used to like Mya until she came out with `` Best of Me . '' That is probably the only good song on there . That and along with `` Lie Detector . '' The first couple of songs have really hot beats and the lyrics send out a good message . It 's just her voice that makes you wan na not listen . For some reason her voice and the beats do n't go well . I gave her 2 stars for the fact that there are only 2 GOOD songs on the whole CD . Sorry !
 I do n't understand how Mya got a record deal . Her voice is very thin and annoying . I guess because she is lightskinned and cute that is the preresquite of making it in the R & b world . I gave her a star because I do like one song which is the midtempo `` Best of me '' I dont like her vocals but the beats are pretty good . This album will be a bestseller on the r & b charts because she has the above preresquites to make it But the trouble is she sounds like every other below 21 singer today . Her limited range and formula music wo n't allow for her to become a superstar but she will atleast be eye candy on B.E.T
 when I heard `` case of the ex '' I expected this cd to be so much better than it really is.I luv `` case of the ex '' , `` ride and shake '' , '' the best of me '' and `` takin me over '' but the rest is kinda poor.the ballads for instance : I really adore beautiful ballads but those r a bit too schmaltzy.I just read you could compare her to Destiny 's Child , Alicia Keys or Aaliyah -LRB- God bless ya , babygirl ! -RRB- but you ca n't ! they 're much better than her.not only that Mya 's lyrics could n't touch me inside what good lyrics used to but her vocals either are n't that good ...
 For my b-day in 2000 , I got this CD as one of my presents primarily b/c I like the song BEST OF ME . Well , that song and a few others are the only good songs on the CD which seems like a rush job and something that Mya was not really focused on . SOPHOMORE SLUMP does apply to this CD which fortunately did go platinum.Some of the best songs are the hip-hop RIDE AND SHAKE , BEST OF ME , CASE OF THE EX , TEARS ON MY PILLOW , THE FIRST TIME . Many of the faster songs are kinda lame and the CD takes a long time to get used to in which by that time u have moved on , but it is a nice effort .
 Mya 's second album is lacking there is no doubt mya is getting the sophmore jynx.I mean just look at the record sales.On that note if you listen to this album straight thru you will notice Mya 's vocal skills are weaker than any female performer today her voice is so weak and tiring.I do n't mean to hate on Mya but she is trying to be Aaliyah and Aaliyah has it way over Mya in vocals , dancing and acting.I would say that on Mya 's album the worst cuts are Pussycats -LCB- a weak ass ladies anthem with acorny chorus and mya sounds like a moaning dog for real -RCB- Then there 's Case of the ex which goes right into Ride and Shake , two of the most retarded songs with nothing mya relates too.Other wasteful songs are no tears on my pillow , taking over me , that 's why i wan na fight , and the orst is lie detector the song has a corny reggae flow but mya cant get to her climax on that one even beanie man was horrible there.Only songs worth mentioning are now or never , and fear of flying.Well i hope you all are happy becausemya got the sophmore jynx
 MYA Ca n't sing at all.I 'm Amazed that she ever got a Deal.Her voice is Flat & the material here is very bland.Best Of Me is a Horrible use of Sky 's Call Me.Avoid at all Costs .
 It has to be . Everyone laugh . hahahahahahahahahaha . Laughable . What is This ? A weak attempt to crossover to the mainstream even though she was already there . This is what you call a sell out album . Temptation of Fame made her sellout her substance for style . Nothing Much else To Say ... I dont know what to tell ya . Best Of Me with Jadakiss is pretty hot though . Besides that it 's kinda eh blase ' Nothing else even worth mentioning on this cd . Oh yeah the production really brings out the weakness in her voice . It Was weak before but now it is really noticeable and it sounds horrible . Please dont buy this and dont even dub it . Warning Has Been Issued !
 On this album 's first single , `` The Best Of Me '' , Mya sings `` I ca n't let you get the best of me '' . And she 's right . This is hardly the best this girl could do . Her voice is sweet and soft , which balances well with other vocalists and rappers , so the best songs her are the colloborations . Jadakiss , Beenie Man , and the late Lisa ` Left Eye ' Lopes let Mya shine while they do their thing . The only solo track here that really works is her smash hit `` Case Of The Ex '' . The rest of the tracks are far from praise worthy . The ballads are banal and dull . `` Pussycats '' is a vile bit of throwaway R&B . To make it worse , she re-issued this album later with her catchy single `` Free '' , and I 'm left with this dud . Some solid tracks , but on the whole , it 's not that good R&B by numbers . I hope Mya can pull off a hot third album soon . Good luck to her .
 I love Mya , she 's very talented and her soft voice is suited for success , she never got the big breakthrough like i predicted though , and to be honest this album is pretty average . It 's dissapointing since she got loads of talented and could hit it big with the right producers and songwriters . On this album there are a few notable one 's though . `` Case of the ex '' her hitsingle was a decent song i still hear from time to time , also the great collaboration with Left Eye -LRB- Rest in peace -RRB- on `` Takin me over '' which is a catchy pop-soul song , most songs are actually soulish mid tempo here , a few ballads like `` Man of my life '' and very few uptempo songs . After the success with `` Lady Marmelade '' i hope her next album will be better made and include some more quality then this one , cause as i said before she got what it takes to make it big .
 I think the fact that the average rating for this album is 4 stars is a bit of an inflation . Do n't get me wrong , I own all their recordings and love The Band just as much as anybody else , but this album , though it has a couple highlights , sounds mostly burnt-out and hollow , making it subpar -LRB- for ANY band -RRB- and WAY lower quality than we 've come to expect from The Band.I 'll start with the negatives , since they mostly outweigh the positives , then move to the album 's highlights later -LRB- please remember , I 'm trying to take off the rose-colored glasses and be realistic about this album -RRB- . First off , as everyone knows , this collection of songs is , and never was , an album . It 's a collection of unreleased studio tracks strung together to fill The Band 's contract . Consequently , the songs were n't conceived as part of a cohesive whole and the album has no flow whatsoever . Likewise , the rest of the album reflects this
 I do n't quite know what happened to the Band on this album . The individual talents do n't shine through the awful material . How did they dare put this out ? Quite simply the worst album ever made by the finest group . I blame Robbie Robertson - who has not produced a note of good music since the band split . Good job they did ; he did n't drag the others down with him . Robertson went on to produce drippy Neil Diamond , while Levon and co. continued doing what we all love.I have tried to enjoy this album - just one little bit of it . Knockin ' Lost John is pretty good , but that hardly makes up for the rest of it . It was pretty brave of the label -LRB- Capitol ? -RRB- to re-release it . I believe you can buy CCR 's `` Mardi Gras '' too . I would pay for them both to be obliterated from history .
 I knew I was going to be disappointed when I saw the picture on the back of the case . Crow looks way to clean shaven . I was used to seeing the long haired lanky man reigning over his drum set . This is a big difference compared to the power of Safari 's cover . Just like the picture , this is a much tamer version of the flat duo jets . The songs just do n't have the same energy as the earlier material . And the many instruments and overdubs also detract from the overall quality . It is still a decent record , but far from the jet 's best work . The raw edge which initially drew me to love Dex and Crow is completely gone here .
 Having been a Jets fan since their debut ten years ago , I have everything they 've recorded . I was hoping `` Lucky Eye '' would find them reaching the produced heights of `` White Trees . '' But with so many instrumentals , you can tell Dex and Crow are running out of gas . Dex has lost his edge . I have no problem with him being a one-trick-pony , but ...
 He should have to pay people to listen to this CD . If I could of given it a zero star I would have .
 How can this guy complain about the music currently being played on country radio when he IS one of the primary sources of the `` pop-country epidemic '' ? If that was a feeble attempt to draw in people who like their country music real , it failed miserably . Maybe he should try practicing what he preaches instead of trying to make a quick buck off of sappy , pop-laden songs.Oh , and by the way ... why is McGraw catergorized as being a new traditionalist/outlaw according to amazon.com ? I do n't know what they 've been listening to , but he 's about as far from traditional/outlaw country as you can get . Get it right and catergorize him with the artificial bubblegum pop acts where he belongs .
 The fans who say this is TM 's best album are going way too easy on him . I think they 're so devoted to him that they 'd buy a CD of him singing the phonebook . About half the songs are OK , the other half are second-rate . I like `` My Old Friend , '' `` Blank Sheet of Paper , '' `` Just Be Your Tear , '' `` Kill Myself , '' and `` Carry On . ''
 I have always been a big fan of Mr. McGraw , I must have listened to `` A Place in the Sun '' hundreds of times straight through . But unfortunately , since the `` greatest hits '' album , Tim has fallen off completely and this awful album is the last straw . Earlier reviewers must be listening to another album , no # 1 's here.In an effort to stick to safe material , a move that never fails to ruin the music , Tim has created another album full of formulaic `` soccer mom '' country with next to zero replay value . The songwriting is laughable , and the Dancehall Doctors should stick to the dancehall . I tacked on an extra star because I still have fond memories of `` All I Want '' and the earlier stuff -LRB- even when Tim had a mullet , at least he was still country -RRB- . If you want real , innovative country , save your money and get you some Dwight Yoakam .
 I absolutely love Tim McGraw and his music ! I have ALL of his CDs and have loved every single one of them with the exception of his current CD . I have to ask , what happened ? I was expecting this to be such a great CD since the last CD was my favorite of his so far ... I was extrememly dissapointed and I could barely make it through all 16 tracks . I did give it a second listen and it did n't change my mind . I love the title track , it is an awesome song but the other tracks on the CD are extremely dissapointing . I ca n't wait for his next CD to come out , it has got to be better than this one !
 I just bought this album , and what a mistake . The title track is an awesome piece of music , and I was hoping that Tim was getting back to the upbeat type of country that made him good when he first started recording.Bad assumption . The rest of this CD is absolutely terrible . The upbeat songs are unbearably slow , plodding along with all the energy of a sloth on nyquil . The lyrics are , almost without exception , simple , hokey , and unintelligent . Back When is perhaps the best example of this , but believe me , there are plenty of other tracks to provide competition.Bottom line - do NOT waste a penny on this miserable excuse for a country record . Maybe if his sales drop off , Tim will someday get back to recording quality music .
 What has happened to country music ? It is simple , in a market place geared toward teen girls country music has become no more than pop with a southern accent . The integrity of the music and artform have disappeared in the obscene commercialization of the genre and this album is exhibit A of that . The title track that is supposed to be so touching and be about his father is no more that a sales scheme devised in a studio in Nashville . This is evident by the fact he did n't even write the song himself , not that he ever has written his own songs . This is nothing out of the ordinary in country music these days though , very few singers actually pen their own songs . This happened in the early days as well but to a lesser extent than happens now . I ca n't say I blame Tim McGraw though , I would be cashing in too if I were him . Offer me a mansion , a beautiful wife , millions upon millions of dollars and I would sell my artistic soul to the devils of commercialism , sacrifice my last shred of dignity and do a duet with Nelly too . It 's not Tim McGraw who is to blame it is the listeners . The people who buy this `` music '' and call it great . Who buy this cd and think I can relate to Tim McGraw . None of us can relate to Tim McGraw , but we can however relate to the people who write for Tim McGraw and they are doing a good job at fooling a lot of people who have no grasp on the art of country music and only have a grasp on sex appeal . You do n't look at music you listen to it and I say it sucks .
 I 'm not sure if Tim McGraw is looking to get away from his `` regular '' style of songs , but I found that this album was not as good as former albums of his . `` Live Like You Were Dying '' is the standout song on the album , but there were other songs that were a bit quirky such as `` Drugs or Jesus '' and `` Do you want Fries With that . '' However , McGraw can be commended for keeping the `` twang in country . ''
 This particular album was terribly boring to me . Tim 's voice lacks any real personality and the songs are just flat out lame . The subject matter covered in these songs , other than enjoying life as though it can end anytime , are very trite and exhausted . Very dissapointed .
 Tim McGraw is so overrated . He sounds like so many other country pop crooners out there , he gets lost in the mix ! Brad Paisley runs rings around this guy ... and gets so much less attention ! Please , save your money and buy something more decent ... like the Gretchen Wilson album !
 I bought this CD expecting to like it a lot . And well needless to say , I struggled to listen to it once through . Compared to previous material , this is by far the most lackluster of anything Tim has done . There are no truly catchy singles . Every song seems to get more bland and lyrically trite as the CD progresses . Tim has had some amazing singles , but there are none to be found on this CD . I really like Tim and own several of his albums , but honestly I 'm very disappointed with this one . It just does n't live up to the standards his previous albums have set .
 The CD 's too long for its own good . I 'd rather have six great songs than 16 mediocre ones . McGraw 's quality control instincts took the week off here . The good songs are surrounded by maudlin or hokey tracks . For instance , a funny song is funny exactly once , and there 's too many funny songs here , giving the whole effort a `` Hee-Haw '' feeling . Overall the ballads fare better than the country-rockers .
 I was really looking forward to this new CD , hoping with anticipation that I would hear some of the old magic of some of Tim 's earlier career releases . This CD is full of carbon copy material of his last few outings . He is a multi-faceted artist , capable of so much , yet chooses to labor on depressing songs like , `` Kill Myself '' , `` Drugs or Jesus '' and `` Open Season on My Heart '' . There is only 1 song out of the 16 that I liked immediately , and that one is `` Just Be Your Tear '' . I prefer to look back and listen to what I think is one of his best projects , `` All I Want '' . That CD is full of great songs . C'mon Tim , make the next one an upbeat , danceable CD , one that just explodes with your true talent !
 Alas , the days of real country are long gone and this is a perfect example of it ! But this is what sells to the masses . But I am not one of those and I 'll stick to `` traditional '' `` George Jones '' or `` George Strait '' country ... not this garbage !
 Besides `` My Old Friend '' and `` Live Like You Were Dying '' the songs all sound the same . This album does n't have any kick to it , like his others . It 's all a bunch of soft slow songs .
 I am a HUGE Tim McGraw fan , especially of his early stuff . I consider , All I Want , Place in the Sun and Everywhere to be three of the finest albumns anyone has ever done . So needless to say , I had Tim McGraw 's new one in my CD player early the morning it came out.I gave it a good try , listening through it at least 5 times through and I am sadly dissappointed . There are good songs ... I liked My Old Friend and Walk Like a Man . There are even great ones , like the title track , Live like you were Dying , but it just did not kick -LRB- ... -RRB- from start to finish.Tim 's other albumns sit in my CD player and every song is fantastic . This one is not the case . In fact , there were actually songs that I do n't like and will now skip over . That has never happened with a Tim McGraw CD for me.I give it a positive review , but I do n't consider this Tim 's best stuff . McGraw fans need to own it for their collection , but I am not sure it is worth getting just to get the title song .
 First , let me say that I 'm a real Tim McGraw fan ; it 's nothing against his music in general . I love his old albums because the music is original , there 's variety in it , and it 's truly heartfelt and exciting even though he did n't write a lot of the songs . The trouble with this album is that just about all the songs sound overproduced and about the same ; they all have similar chord progressions like pop , which in summary is to say that they 're generally boring -LRB- at least to someone musically inclined -RRB- . The lyrics are still clever , but the music is lacking innovation . Certainly , many will disagree because people listen to music for lots of reasons , but I think his writers can do better.Sorry Tim , but your label or maybe your writers put `` pop in your country . '' I love to sing along to the old stuff in the car , but this album just does n't do it for me . I do n't know for sure , but it seems like the label is just using Tim to come up with an excuse to make another album . Come on , Curb Records -- get creative and do n't waste such great talent . I see that Tim 's still working with some of the same song writers as before , but something is definitely amiss.I borrowed this CD from a friend and really tried to like it , but I 'm not going to buy it . Hopefully the next album will be better . Until then , I 'm going to keep playing the old stuff because `` I miss back when . `` UPDATE
 This is typical new wave Nashville . Remember When has got to the most cheesy watered down tune on the radio . A big pile of pop junk . Just because he wears a hat does n't make it country . If you are listening to this do yourself a favor and find some Dale Watson or Jake Hooker and thank me later .
 WHAT IS WRONG WITH TIM MCGRAW . HE IS TERRIBLE , AND SO IS THE ALBUM .
 THIS IS PURE BUBBLEGUM ... NOT COUNTRY ! I 'M SICK OF THESE IMAGE PRODUCED HAT ACTS AND ANOREXIC FEMALES WHO APPEAL TO THE MASSES AND CALL THEMSELVES COUNTRY . THIS IS NOT COUNTRY ! MCGRAW , HILL , MCBRIDE , MCENTIRE , AND ALL THE REST WILL NOT MAKE ANY MONEY OFF OF ME BECAUSE WHAT THEY ARE RECORDING IS POP BUBBLEGUM ... AND THIS CD IS THE PERFECT EXAMPLE OF IT . JUST LISTEN TO THE SAMPLES . OH HOW I LONG FOR THE DAYS WHEN COUNTRY MUSIC WAS REAL , SIMPLE AND TRUE . ALAS , THOSE DAYS ARE GONE AND I FEAR WILL NEVER COME AGAIN THANKS TO PEOPLE LIKE TIM MCGRAW .
 I am really displeased , i have all the Cd 's he has put out But this is one I will not be rushing to buy , not to mention purchasing it , Woudl make my taste for his music very unpleaseant
 Tim Mcgraw is horrible , he has absolutely no talent what so ever he pays someone tons of money to write his lyrics -LRB- which he sings like crap -RRB- , he ca n't play any real instrument -LRB- maybe a tambourine -RRB- , he sounds like everyone else on a country music station -LRB- no originality -RRB- , and his music is filled with drug references , violence against women , and bad language .
 this little girl and the rest of the country music babies are sappy fools . if you want southern culture , listen to bluegrass .
 I have nothing against Tim McGraw as a person . He 's a nice looking bloke and he seems to be a nice person . That said , the guy ca n't sing . He sounds as bad as Nelly does in the song `` Over and Over '' . I can sing better than McGraw and that 's not saying much . I 'm not going to criticise McGraw 's lyrics because most country songs are drenched with hilarious lyrics worse than anything Justin Timberlake can muster in his tiny brain . Tim McGraw should step over and let people with real talent hog the spotlight !
 Well let 's just see how this CD compares to all of his last albums .1 . Did n't write a single word or note ? Check .2 . Still whines like a prepubesent boy ? Check .3 . Album cover photos that confirm he should really come out of the closet ? Check .4 . Singing heartfelt tender songs that have nothing to do with him and he 's just a poser trying to reap more millions ? Check .5 . A talantless hack who survives the music business thanks to sheep who buy it ? Check .6 . Still crooning pop songs but calling it country ? Check.Yep guess that about covers it . Tim is Tim and he 'll always be Tim . As long as there are idiots in the world with no taste at all in music , Tim will continue to live a lifestyle that he never deserved . Maybe one day America will wake up and throw away all their country pop albums and return to the days when country was real . So-called ` New Country ' is a joke , and Tim McGraw is the lead Jester .
 I am basically forced to listen to a local country music station almost everyday for at least 30 minutes . The music on there is so pathetic , boring , and depressing . One song in particular made me laugh so hard when I listened to the lyircs . That song was Tim McGraw 's `` Back When '' . Let us further expolore this crapload by looking at the lyrics : `` Back when a hoe was a hoeCoke was a cokeAnd crack 's what you were doingWhen you were cracking jokesBack when a screw was a screwThe wind was all that blewAnd when you said I 'm down with thatWell it meant you had the fluI miss back when `` HA HA HA HA HA !!! Am I the only one who finds that chorus to be one of the worst in the history of music ? Okay , maybe Lonestar 's `` Mister Mom '' takes that prize , but that 's a whole other story . Tim McGraw obviously did n't grow up in the 1800 's , so the things that he whines about were around for his entire life most likely . This song makes no sense at all , the singing sounds like every other present-day male country singer , but the plus for me is that it is great to laugh at . If country artists did n't all try to sing the same and make stupid depressing craploads and poor attempts at dance songs , maybe I would respect the genre more . NASCAR is boring and so is todays country music . If you want good country worth your time , try some Johnny Cash or any other classic country , or better yet just listen to some good music and not mindless hick garbage .
 I liked the music ... . but the lyrics were not up to par . Most of the songs had bad rhymes , simple rhymes . My sister could have written better songs and shes 10 . A couple songs like Live like you were dying , We carry on , and let me be your tear were the only songs that i enjoyed . This CD sounded too down beat for Mcgraw . It just didnt sound like a Tim Mcgraw CD . I was definitaley dissappointed with the quality of songs compared to his last CDs . I didnt like how he wrote about OTHER people and not himself , like in everyone hates me and do you want fries with that . I miss the old , romatic songs of Tim Mcgraw .
 I am a huge Tim McGraw fan and think he is fabulous in concert . I loved his other albums , but I have to say that this album is just depressing . I have only listened to it once and ca n't get myself to listen to it again . I wish I had heard the album before I bought it . The title track is the best one on the whole album , besides that there is only one , maybe two others worth listening to . I hope Tim 's next album is more upbeat !
 Tim McGraw is my favorite artist and I was really looking forward to this album . It has 16 tracks and I was expecting at least a few that I would love but I did n't fine ONE . None of the tracks are TERRIBLE so I did give it 2 stars but the Tim of OLD always had some songs that everyone loved . Musically the album is Great , the Dancehall Doctors sound awesome , it 's just the words and the hooks of the songs that fall short . `` Live Like You Were Dying '' is BY FAR the best track on the CD.His other albums were phenominal . I can listen to `` A Place in the Sun '' and find 6 or 7 songs that are amazing . On this album I did n't fine one . I just do n't know what to think about the song selections . I 'm all for slower songs but there has to be variety in the albums . Songs that make you energetic and there are n't any . I hope he 's not on a decline . It 's time to change it up Tim and get back to country with some feeling . Overall , this is a disappointment and I eagerly look forward to what he can come up with 2 years from now .
 i have to say im a huge tim mcgraw fan , and i was waiting all summer for this cd ! i have to say i am very disappointed in this cd , all the songs are boring and very dull , and the lyics are very corny , i had to skip thru most of the songs , i do have to say dont waste your money on this cd , it is not worth it at all.save your money for tims next cd , maybe it will be the old tim back !! or you can buy my tim cd on ebay !!
 I saw Tim in concert this summer and loved every minute of the show . I could n't wait to get this album . Wow ... what a waste of time and money . The title track is exceptional and that 's where he earned his one star . The rest is boring , formulaic , and highly forgettable . McGraw is known , in the past , for his ability to select hit songs . There is not a song on this CD that I could hum even if Faith Hill held a gun to my head . He needs to kick it up a notch and get the `` hitch out of his git-a-long '' . Fun , danceable music is what the country needs right now , especially right now . Not depressing songs that drone on and say nothing .
 I paid a low price and apparently got an inferior product . It plays for a while and stops . Not worth trying to send it back for a refund because the postage exceeds the price of the album .
 VERY DULL AND MORE SOMBER THAN ANY TIM MCGRAW ALBUM FROM THE PAST . VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE CD . MONEY WOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER SPENT ON SOMETHING ELSE . MY WIFE AND MYSELF ARE BIG TIM MCGRAW FANS BUT THIS CD LEAVES A BAD TASTE IN MY MOUTH . ONLY 2 SONGS WERE WORTH MY MONEY `` LIVE LIKE YOU WERE DYING '' AND `` BLANK SHEET OF PAPER '' . OTHERWISE I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS ALBUM .
 I excitedly tore through the plastic wrap from Tim McGraw 's newest CD release , Live Like You Were Dying , popped it in to my sound system and BAM ... listened to the first few licks from track 1 ... and skipped ahead . It HAS to get better . Right ? I listened a bit to track 2 ... more disappointment . What 's going on here ? Okay , I thought to myself , there 's 16 tracks , and it 'll get better ... Live Like You Were Dying ca n't be the only decent track . WRONG ! Am I listening to the right artist ? Yes , it sounds like McGraw but , the lyrics are terrible , the buy-in `` chorses '' are bad , and I ca n't get in to any the tracks . While , yes , I was entertained by the title `` Drugs or Jesus '' I felt more like `` Kill Myself '' after listening to this album .
 This CD was such a waste of money . I wish I 'd heard it before I purchased it . Only the title track was good ... what a waste!Tim seems to have lost his Midas Touch . He needs to start writing more of his own music and stop relying on others to pass along his message!BORING , BORING , BORING!Don ' t bother ... this is a real slop collection ! C'mon Tim ... thrill us with some talent , would ya ?!? I might consider a collection of `` The Best Of '' from Tim ... but I doubt I 'll spend my hard earned cash on anything else from him again .
 Tim Mcgraw is no longer a country singer . He is now heard on easy listening stations everywhere.His song `` Live like you were dying '' is mushy , trite , and sung without feeling.I heard American Idol signers put more feeling into their songs than this one.Why is it seeling like hotcakes ? Cause real country music is dead ! Americans are loving this mushy , mellow crap.Tim McGraw just bought a $ 6.4 million dollar mansion in Beverly Hills . He 's about as country as Diana Ross.Oh . . and that Album cover with him sitting backwards on a horse is totally fitting . He does n't belong in country music along with most of the `` country singers '' nowadays.Hank Williams would spit on these people for calling themselves `` country musicians '' .
 I heard this album at a friends house , and I did not like it . I think Tim McGraw has a great country voice ! But he should think about going back to singing country songs . I liked his first and second album , and those are the albums I own . The other seven albums have to much of a pop sound . When I listen to counrty music that is exactly what I want to hear.So , If the music industry and Tim reads these reveiws then listen up . Go back to country songs !
 Tim Mcgraw is just carrrying on what Garth Brooks Started.Cross-Over Country with Pop sensiblitys & He is good at it sometimes but nothing here shows any Growth as a Artist whatsoever . just like His Wife Faith Hill so Formula driven that you forget about there Albums after a Couple of songs . Quiet as it 's kept Faith & Tim are everything that Jessica Simpson & Nick Lachay wish they were . Mcgraw been pulling the Musical wool over folks 's eyes just as Faith Hill has been with the Super than Slick Production with generic songwriting results .
 I do n't know , I think the last album had a better selection of songs . The title track is the only song I think is really awesome , the melodies are n't all that strong in most of the other 15 songs , except for perhaps `` Blank sheet of paper '' and `` My old friend '' . But songs like `` We carry on '' `` Drugs or Jesus '' may hit closer to home for some people than it did for me . That still does n't make it a great song though . With a bigger-than-life-kind of song and single like `` Live like you were dying '' I was really expecting a lot more from this album .
 Tim 's new album is ... just bad . As a fan who has most of his previous albums I can say that this album is a real strike out compared to the solid albums he usually delivers . Except for the title track , there is nothing memorable on this album . It 's full of forgettable songs . There 's nothing interesting musically or lyrically happening here . If I were you , I 'd pass on this album and buy an earlier album or wait for his next one .
 WARBELING , SCREACHING , IT IS NOT SINGING . IT SOUNDS LIKE A CAT IN A BLENDER ... ON PUREE ! THE `` ORIGINAL '' SONGS ARE REPETITIVE AND JUST PLAIN BORING , THE COVERS ARE TRITE AND OVER COVERED ALREADY , I MEAN DO WE REALLY NEED ANOTHER VERSION OF BLUE BAYOU ?
 OF ALL THE CDS IVE EVER HEARD ... THIS IS ONE OF EM !!
 This sounds like it was recorded and mixed in someone 's garage.There also were no liner notes and pictures.Save your money for another Asia cd .
 This recording lacks the power of the Royal Scottish 's powerful Batman Trilogy . That was an epic recording .
 This is disapointing . Its sad to see your heroes age . Of course aging is no sin , and of course inevitable , yet seeing and hearing the weak vocals dirge-like tempos and generally lackluster performance underscores the sad reality . There is no spark and no joy in this concert , and the songs , the new ones are feeble . The old warhorses , just , depressing . Trower attempts to breathe some life but ultimately it all falls dreadfully flat . A real drag man .
 This is NOT , I repeat NOT , ELBOW from Manchester , England -LRB- `` British alternative/indie '' -RRB- !!
 Kyle Bronsdon 's independent 2004 release boasts a set of jazz originals . `` All About the Burn '' takes you to a smoky club , late night just before last call . Bronsdon 's vocal capability will probably not make anyone forget Peter Cincotti or say , `` Michael Buble who ? '' However , he 's pleasant . His songs bear very traditional jazz riffs and do n't blast you with melodic originality such as on `` I Wan na See You All the Time , '' `` I wan na kiss you all the time , only coming up for air , Your lips are so very fine & my hands are in your hair , Oh , I like them in there , the blood rolls down my spine when we intertwine , close as we can bear . '' `` You 're Never Too Old to Play Games '' has blues chords . The instrumental `` Jungle Skeleton '' has some pep . Bronsdon goes for a doo wop flavor on `` Mean Old Mom . '' He concludes with an anti-Bush tune that must 've sounded clever four years ago . He samples W 's voice saying , `` Shame on you . '' This CD is okay . The jazz players are excellent . While the vocals fall short , the songs are not original enough to make this an essential disc . It 's nice enough if you just want some jazz playing , but there are better choices . OK ? OK !
 This live cd of the great Roy Orbison sounds as if someone was in the audience with a tape recorder.There are better Roy Orbison cds than this available .
 Being an avid listener to the works of the great classical composer Sergei Prokofiev , I must attest that this album by no means surpasses the the musical nuances and melodic refinement of Prokofiev 's works . Oftentimes , I search for music that I deem of high quality to listen to whilst I sit by the fireplace in my study consuming my imported sugar tarts -LRB- from Denmark -RRB- and reading X-men comic books ; however , I am aggrieved to admit that `` Lil ' Scrappy '' is not suitable for such a delicate situation . I prefer music that pervades my study with a jovial and effectual mood . Unfortunately , this album emanates an overly `` go get em ' , hit em ghetto style '' attitude to appeal to my senses . Furthermore , I was chagrined that everything was performed by electronic instruments - what an utter outrage ! I purchased this compact disc recording with hopes of soothing music performed by REAL instruments , but alas , this digital compact disc recording fails to exemplify these attributes . I reccomend purchasing compact disc recordings of Prokofiev as an alternative . The only reason I rate this compact disc album 2 stars rather than one is because the cover is very artistic . Nominally , from the appearance of the cover , one would expect some kind of classical music delight , but do n't be fooled !
 This cd is a joke . Lil scrappy sux , he has no original lyrics its just the same crap that every southern rapper says in every album . The beats are absolutly awful , that annoying techno , generic , whatever the hell its called . I can make my own southern rap song myself , heres how easy it is : Yea yea , ruff , its tha durty urty , what , im like a wild goose , i got crunk juice , yea yea it the ATL , im a get in my car and and go to the hood , then im gon na get crunk in da club , woof , woof , then im gon na get durtty , Yea , Yea , Yea , what , what , im gettin crunk , i get crunk in my house , crunk in the car , crunk in the club , crunk at my job , crunk in my school , and i hang aroung thugs who all get crunk , word of mouth , its the durty urty south , ahhhhhhhhh , yeaaaaaaaaaaaaa , crunk , crunk , i get loose wit the crunk juice . cause im a thug , a durty thug gettin crunk.then im a go get forty , and go see my boy lil ' jon whose gettin crunk in the studio , so it time i have to go , im a go cop a dub , when im gettin crunk at the club , what , what , i luv atlanta yea yea , it tha durty , represent resent , woof !
 I am assuming that `` Lil '' is short for `` Lillian . '' I 'll say that Lillian is not too Scrappy on this CD , and I am quite disappointed . I know good rap when I hear it , and this CD is just plain , how do my boyz in the hood say it , `` whacked ! '' Lillian has fallen short on this one . I am a hip-hop thug shawty gangsta G-Dogg pimpin ' homie slice freestylin ' rappa from the Dirty South , so I know . That 's right , I 'm right out of Atlanta , Georgia , or as my thug homeboys call it , the ATL . So you can trust my opinion on rap . This CD will not get you crunked up . It 's not very good to blast while you 're rolling out in your phat ride . Do n't purchase it . Get a Clay Aiken CD instead .
 Heres how I rate itLIL ' SCRAPPY1 : Crank It-9 / 10 One of the best beats on here and its only an intro2 : What The F *** -8 / 10 Tight song , beat does n't progress until 30 sec or so3 : Head Bussa-10 / 10 Overall favorite song , Lil ' Scrappy shows you what he can do w / the mic4 : Bootleg-N/A Just a one time funny skit5 : No Problem-7 / 10 Beat does n't start in a while , just started to show it on 106 and park and Rap City6 : Dookie Love-N/A Another skit7 : F.I.L.A.-8 / 10 Song Scrappy represents ATL w / , good lyrics8 : Crunk Radio-N/A Again with a skit9 : Diamonds On My Pinky Ring-6 / 10 song has yet to grow on me , but its okay10 : Be Real-4 / 10 do n't like it enough to ever listen to it , but beat goes along with Scrappy perfectlyTRILLVILLE11 : Trillville Radio-N/A 4th skit here12 : Neva Eva-8 / 10 Trillville 's only single so far13 : Get Some Crunk In Yo System-9 / 10 Awesome beat , Pastor Troy appears14 : Goodbye-N/A Another skit15 : Weakest Link-7 / 10 Good Song16 : Bathroom-N/A I 've lost count of all the skits17 : Bitch Niggaz-7 / 10 Decent song18 : Dookie Love-N/A 50th or so skit19 : Some Cut-6 / 10 First part sounds like creeking , very annoying , songs get better later on though20 : The Hood-5 / 10 As Lil Jon says its supposed to be a song over Trillville 's history , am I missin something ? 21 : Gone-10 / 10 Tillville best song , only 31/2 minutes though good beatIf It were n't for all the stupid trillville skits then this album could 've looked at a 3 or 4 star rating , but buy it for Lil ' Scrappys performance alone .
 Lil ' Scrappy needs to find himself something called a flow . I guess this is a good record if you like to hear someone talking over super-generic , cornball production . Fortunately , I doubt his career or that of his affiliates and peers will last too much longer . I 'll give it 2-3 years at most before these pseudo-MCs are never heard from again . Perhaps , one day the kids who gave this album 5 stars will learn about something called hip hop culture . Yes , lets all get crunk in the club . Too bad noone cops Tag Team 's albums these days . This is disposable noise that will soon be forgotten forever .
 DVD is very short , could not keep my sons interest . Might be better for 18 months and under . The only good part was the yoga .
 I bought it for my stay-at-home toddler , 2 years old , so that we could have a fun DVD that he could move around to while he was stuck inside during the long cold and rainy/snowy winter . Despite raving reviews stating otherwise , he 'd look at the screen maybe once or twice then run off and go do something else . It 's not difficult to hold my son 's attention -LRB- Dora , Thomas , and Team Umizoomi command his participation wonderfully -RRB- , but for whatever reason he finds this DVD very boring and not worth his time . I do n't know what makes other kids love it so much , but I had to put it out there that my son has no interest in it in the slightest . We 'll try it again with my second child that 's due in a few months , but for now it was a wasted purchase .
 This was the first kiddie DVD that I 've noticed my son showing disinterest for . He loved the Baby Einstein series . Loved the Mommy and Me DVD . This one had boring puppets `` stretching '' and kids at a park setting dancing . The yoga moves were too quick to copy . What a disappointment .
 Sure the video is cute and fun , but there is a long Yoga segment teaching children various exercise positions . Yoga is a family of ancient Hindu spiritual practices that originated in India , where it remains a vibrant living tradition and is seen as a means to enlightenment .
 Man this CD is horrific . I thought that I could like her raw style , and then I realized , she 's just selling a product and NOTHING more . There is no `` heart and soul '' like she would claim . She is not putting herself into her music and if she is then I have no use for her either . Man , I hope the record store will give me at least a dollar for it although they usually make you pay to dump garbage .
 One of my friends really likes Ani DiFranco and recommended I listen to her . I bought this CD thinking it would be a good introduction to her music . What a complete waste of time listening to this CD was . I feel like I just had an hour of my life sucked into a bottomless pit from which I can never retrieve it . This pitiful excuse is for an album better be the worst of Ani 's music otherwise she is certainly a pitiful excuse for a musician . Truly , not since Marilyn Manson have I heard a cacophany of noise so utterly vulgar , distasteful , meaningless and musicless . It seems to me that Ani may have once been a great musician but now she is just cashing in on her name and betraying her fans . What a sellout . I 'm extremely disappointed .
 Chicago Live , recorded at 1969 's Toronto Rock 'n' Roll Revival concert , is an interesting early preview of one of the 70 's more popular bands . The raw energy of the band 's live sound shines through on the set as does the technical brilliance of the late Terry Kath 's guitar work . Cuts such as `` 25 or 6 to 4 '' and `` Liberation '' cook , but suffer from the poor sound quality that dogs the entire album . For the Chicago-phile , this is a must-buy -LRB- if only for the historical value -- it is the first live recording from the band -RRB- , but for the average listener , this is definitely a `` should-pass . ''
 I strongly do n't reccomend this disc ! It does n't compare with other efforts or current offerings from contemporaries .
 The Cd arrived is good conditon , promt & am satisfied with the qaulity of the sound .
 I am a very novice singer , and after reading the 2 reviews that had been previously posted about this VHS product , I actually bought it after reading them , thinking I could learn something from it to help my singing voice . After receiving it , I popped into my tape player , excited to start learning to sing better , I was VERY disappointed with the quality of the VHS tape , and the teaching skills were useless as far as helping me to be a better singer . I have had the tape , now for a couple of months , maybe , I am beyond help to have a better voice , and only meant to be pleasing to GOD 's ear , and no one else 's because I have n't seen -LRB- or heard -RRB- any improvement.I felt like I wasted my time & money .
 Ravin should stop compiling buddha-bar cds !! his best remains vol 3 , there is no more inspiration , making the last two buddha-bar less than average.Visan or Popat or even a new DJ should make the next one . i hope this gets read by the georges V people .
 MUST TO AVOID , unless you think that Prince is infallible . I feel like I 'm listening to a different cd than the other 2 reviewers . I agree that it is totally a Paisley Park thing but not in a good way . Staple 's vocals are muffled or just there to say some silly Prince throwaway lyrics - nothing like her performance on `` Melody Cool '' on the `` Grafitti Bridge '' soundtrack where she owned that song . I feel like I 'm wasting my time even listening to this cd when I could be listening to some REAL Mavis Staple from the 70 's .
 there is cd 1 and 2 of this single and a combined single with both versions on the 1 disc . Tracks for the 2 seperate singles are as follows1 . deeper underground -LRB- radio edit -RRB- 2 . deeper underground -LRB- metro mix -RRB- 3 . deeper undergound -LRB- instrumental -RRB- 1 . Deeper underground2 . deeper underground -LRB- ummah mix -RRB- 3 . deeper underground -LRB- s-man meets da northface killa dub -RRB- Overall these singles are duds . The only midly interesting remix is the ummah mix which puts a semi urban hip hop feel to the song . Otherwise the lead off track is the only other decent song . Get the version which incorporates both cds into the 1 issue for better value .
 Really , Amazon ? Biz Markie ?? Is that the best you can offer us ? Pretty weak .
 This tape is short and the melodies are not engaging for kids . It was waste of money .
 I was so dissapointed in this cd ! The sound is vapid , cheesy and of poor quality . I would not want to torture my baby with these . Waste of money indeed .
 I bought this CD on the advice of an Irish rock critic , some message board praising and a snippet of a song . Turns out this may not have been THE Frames cd to purchase first . Seems like every song starts with 3 - 5 minutes of whispering and bare bones instrumental backing then it gets going for a minute and then it is over and the same process continues on the next 10 songs . This is tough CD for a first-timer to slog through , it will take some convincing to purchase another one of their CDs . I will check them out at Lollapalooza since their live shows are praised highly here .
 While I love the Frames , and would definitely recommend checking them out live -LRB- they are quite possibly the best live band I have seen -RRB- , this is not where I 'd start if I were new to the band . For me , the album lacks one important thing
 After initially receiving this recording without the promised DVD , I contacted Amazon . Had a good conversation with a very cordial Customer Service Rep. I was told a complete set would be sent . What I received was another copy of the CD WITHOUT THE DVD . UGH ! I think there 's some sort of gray market b.s. going on here . Whoever is supplying this particular recording to Amazon is running a scam.I am particularly unhappy with Amazon because I specifically asked them to check to make sure both discs were in the case before they sent it . That clearly DID NOT HAPPEN . I give up . I will enjoy the music but I did not get what I paid for . If you order this recording do not expect to get the DVD.Original Post : The music is wonderful!The cover clearly says CD/DVD SET , reviews of the recording reference the DVD , but there was no DVD in the case , only the CD.Not happy.Will be contacting the seller .
 Sauce Money has established himself as one of the most gifted and talented writers in hip-hop history . He has also established Middle Finger U , as being one of the most enigmatic releases in hip-hop history . The best way to describe the album on an overall level , would be a total hit-and-miss . You have a hot beat here , a flaming flow there , and an incredible rhyme two tracks down . This album has the potential to grow on you , but only if your open minded .
 I thought this would be a pretty good cd but I guess everyone is a thug and gun holder in this hiphop stuff these days . I liked the cut with Premier and the rest are alright . He does say some stupid stuff and some the beats are kind of next generation type but with a played out mentality . All in all buy it used !
 when i ordered it , it was stated that it was in very good condition . when i got it , the case was broken , there was tape on the case and the CD also was scraped up . it barely works , so i just burned it to my computer . this was NOT in &#34; Very good condition &#34; the album is great though .
 Will never know if this cd is any good as it was paid for but never sent or received . Guess you 're bound to get a bad apple in every box !!
 I 'm a big Weather Report fan as well as a big fan of fusion , rock , straight jazz , etc. . I think Weather Report was one of the best bands in any genre of the last thirty years . However , the tracks on this 2 CD set remind me why fusion and , to some degree , why jazz in general has faded in popularity . On almost every song , the band seems to be trying to keep up with the rock bands of the day by playing HARDER , FASTER , LOUDER !!! It reminds me of a comment I once read from a music critic saying that people do n't applaud with appreciation after a long drum solo ends , they applaud with relief that it 's finally over . Fusion bands in the ' 70 's found that they got a big stadium-crowd reaction from rock band-style volume and speed so they started playing HARDER , FASTER , LOUDER !!! Any lyricism is almost completely absent . That syndrome is all over the tracks on this CD . After each song on this album ends , I have found myself thinking ` whew , I 'm glad that 's over . ` If you want good live Weather Report stick with ' 8:30 ' or ` Live In Tokyo ' . ` Live In Tokyo ' is fairly abstract but far more musically interesting and rewarding than the ` I 'm getting paid by the note ' approach that dominates ` Live and Unreleased ' .
 Stop saying this is `` heavy '' , it 's far from it ! this is more like creed than anything , and creed blow heartily ! At least Travis Meeks -LRB- Days of the New -RRB- is CREATIVE with the acoustics , these guys are a crappy rehash of the first Days of the New album . Avoid at all costs and go buy the 2nd and 3rd Days of the New albums .
 I was such a big fan of their debut album , I felt that Tantric would have a great second . Which is why I decided to buy a cheaper copy off of Amazon rather then pay full price at BestBuy . After really giving it sometime , the album feels forced and soul less . Hey Now was the single that pulled me in but the problem with it lies within its very weak chorus . The only good song on this album is Hero . I think that Todd went into an area that did n't suit him nor the band . One star for the song Hero . Do n't waste your time on this album . Enjoy their first album .
 A few months ago I went to a Tantric concert in Louisville , KY because my friend likes them . A band called Silvertide was opening for them , and let me just say Tantric was pahetic compared to them . The crowd sucked , that 's why I hate modern alternative rock bands like this ... the fan base is as boring as the music . All the people did was stand and watch . At the beginning of one song the Tantric 's singer said `` This is for all you headbangers and moshers out there '' as if he expected someone to actually make a big movement like that , and I hope he did n't , 'cause if he did , he was disappointed . Simply put
 This record is very symptomatic of the record industry 's problem as a whole . It is very well produced -LRB- by in demand Toby Wright -RRB- , Todd Whitener 's guitars are very crisp and Hugo Ferreira 's baritone is very much in the forefront . But ultimately , it lacks something even more important - soul . And that means any kind of teeth to make the listener care about any of the songs contained in this sterile medicore collection that sometimes sounds like grunge-muzak . This is even more so disappointing because the lead single `` Hey Now '' is extremely catchy and has the more earthy feel of their first album -LRB- which , incidentally I did enjoy -RRB- . Beyond that , I had a hard time forcing myself into the multiple listenings required for such a review . The title track tries to be Sevendust unplugged , but fails . Other `` message '' songs like `` Hero '' and `` Change The World '' sound devoid of the very emotion and feeling -LRB- not to mention a memorable melody -RRB- they attempt to convey . Sorry , but when one of the best songs on the record is a stomping cover of Fleetwood Mac 's `` The Chain , '' there 's something wrong .
 The 1st album by Tantric is a 5 star favorite of mine . This album has none of the great guitar work or song structure quality of the 1st release . I wish that I had n't spent the money on this 2nd album - it taints my opinion of the 1st album . This does n't even sound like the same band . All the songs are forgetable fluff . worthless .
 I found God once and only once , and this CD helped me do it . I owe Morissey everything I am today and so , so , so much more . I owe him $ 1.24 for my self-esteem , I owe him $ 3.76 for my eyes . This cd just makes you want to owe him things , I owe him a liver , thanks for letting me borrow the liver Morissey , you 're a peach man . Buy this album , owe him something , its so very easy .
 Another cliche rock band with cliche lyrics and no sense of style whatsoever . very talented musicians however , but their songs say nothing to me .
 I found God once and only once , and this CD helped me do it . I owe Morissey everything I am today and so , so , so much more . I owe him $ 1.24 for my self-esteem , I owe him $ 3.76 for my eyes . This cd just makes you want to owe him things , I owe him a liver , thanks for letting me borrow the liver Morissey , you 're a peach man . Buy this album , owe him something , its so very easy .
 This is a very sub-par VHS to DVD transfer . Lots of image wobble -LRB- probably due to a faulty VHS deck -RRB- , the sound is barely passable.Further , it 's NOT authorized and thus a bootleg . None of the performers recieve any money from the sale of this disc.Shame on Amazon for selling bootlegs .
 Reading the other reviews is off putting . IF this is unauthorized , that would be unfortunate . Sorry to hear the quality of the transfer is tricky . I bought two DVD not realizing that it . Perhaps I will return them unopened .
 I must keep this short and sweet I didn ; t like this album at all and found that this project was not as strong as Live in London . I think that stronger content would have been better . And I must say that are we not all tired of hearing `` The Prayer '' I mean the song is sort of played out anyway from Celine Dion .
 Yet another feeble cover version by Shannon Noll . The original , while now not relevant lyrically had more grunt than this release could ever muster and the whining , nasal delivery of Shannon Noll relegates this effort to 2nd eleven status . Another weak recording from another overhyped Idol contest entrant.I believe this had the blessing of Steve Waugh , but Steve likes the screeching of John Williamson , so that is not great recommendation.Cheers folks , anyhow .
 The title song `` The Men In My Little Girls Life '' is a nice little collectable tune that was a hit in the mid-sixties , but the Collectable label has not done it recording justice . This whole album was recorded at a much less than dynamic level and the title track has 2 very audible pops in it ; not unlike a used LP . I collect old music on CD , but have always been wary of the Collectable brand . Whether or not you will get a good copy from them has always be a toss of the dice . Buy the other album by Mike Douglas here .
 This CD should come with a warning
 Oh man , this video is the pits . If you want to lose street cred with your class then this is the one to show . It 's trying to be like MTV but you end up just feeling really bad for the actors . If you can get past the gut instinct of , `` What ? What 's happening here ? Why are they sitting on a bunch of primary colored shapes ? Who 's that guy with the beard supposed to be ? '' then you might learn some geology but do n't count on your students being so open minded . This video says it was made with college students in mind but take my advice and do n't show it to any child who 's learned to be sarcastic .
 Casey Donovan is a talented performer and has an excellent singing voice , that said , this album is trash . The songs are faultless , but bland and forgettable as well . The album reeks of a mainstream playing-it-safe sound which is exacerbated by the rushed recording . These things are no fault of Casey 's , they just highlight how the Idol method of fast production and no-depth leave shallow , indifferent footprints on the music landscape . Maybe Casey is a talented songwriter , in both music and lyrics . After listening to this album , you 'd never know .
 The album is rushed , being produced just in 8 days.It did not showcase Casey 's talent and sales charts speak even louder . Poor Casey . She deserves a better album than this .
 This album is an outrage , a scandal even . She has talent , but not enought to make it in the music industry . Her songs lack what you would find in music you hear on the radio . You -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Back in the late 70s , Pop-Rock bands like JOURNEY -LRB- i.e. STYX , KANSAS , REO Speedwagon -RRB- ruled the American Rock music layout . Powerful tunes with wonderful vocal Queen-esque works , awesome guitar riffs , keyboards and drums , as well as very good , mellow ballads were the standards in those days . `` Infinity '' was one of the best musical products of that era . However , why to spoil so much an excellent album , reissuing it on an `` ENHANCED '' version ... ???? Hey ... Try to play this CD on some older CD players -LRB- portable/car/home -RRB- and you 'll have some problems ... My suggestion
 Steve Perry came thru good , but the instrumentation was lousy , and this is remastered ! Pfoohey ! My vynyl is better . I want my money back . Do n't think I 'll buy Legacy products again .
 This disc is not terribly exciting , but it certainly does have its moments . Skip `` Wheel in the Sky '' and `` Lights , '' which have been beaten to death by America 's mundane radio stations , and you come to the highlight of the recording
 Listning to this album would probobly make me drown in my own vomit . Ok maybe not that bad but this album is a big flop in my book and should be in the record breaking bin
 I give it two stars because I agree with all of the reviews that state it as a repackaged and not a re-remastered release . I suspect it 's because this INFINITY and EVOLUTION have no bonus material added to them , so they got lazy and just repackaged them . All of the other Journey cd 's that have the bonus material sound better than the 1996 versions , and along with the remastered Steve Perry solo cd 's they are worth buying . If you have the 1996 versions of the above two cd 's INFINITY and EVOLUTION do n't repurchase these .
 Buyer beware . These new Journey releases are reissues of their 1996 remastered releases . They are NOT remastered in 2006 . Rhino should be ashamed of itself for this -LRB- it 's been 10 years - I would have gladly paid for a remastered version , but not for new packaging -RRB- .
 This 2006 remaster is horrible . I love Journey , and this is my favorite album ... but this cut is garbage . There 's a ton of low end distortion that really ruins it when listening on halfway decent equipment . Just do n't buy the 2006 version and you 'll probably be fine . I paid 5 bucks and I guess it was worth it just to have the CD , but it wo n't get much play time from me .
 I do n't understand why these weird `` geniuses '' at Sony/Columbia issued this series of `` ENHANCED '' CDs . I have had lot of problems playing this album and other similars , in older CD players -LRB- Home/portable/car -RRB- . This `` Infinity '' is a real milestone of American Rock music ... But in this `` ENHANCED '' version , it SIMPLY SUCKS !!!! If possible , try to get an older European issue -LRB- Italy , Germany or U.K. -RRB- . Same sound quality , no playing problems at all !!!!
 UNBELIEVABLE this is has been produced !!!!! 4 titles of '' in Munich '' , and they have been given it another title to mislead you !!! And the last song comes from '' Miles Electric '' different kind a blue . A very bad copy and mono sound recording ! They should find those guys and put them in jail . I tought I got some new stuff by Miles , but they tricked me . Unbelievable .
 This could be the best gangsta rap album in the post NWA days . THis album is probably the most violent albums to ever sell over ten million records . Although this album is violent and at times excessively violent , there is a sence of honesty that comes with it . Krayzie , layzie , Bizzy , Wish and Flesh take you to the very blocks they came from in urban Cleveland and reveal to you the horrors of the slums . Crime , murder , death and drugs flow through this album from start to finish . However , this album isnt simply shootem up , it is the tales of these 5 young thugs and their way of life . Hood life here is portrayed in a brutally honest fashion . This is evident in songs like Mr Bill Collector , First of the Month -LRB- these thugs ' ode to welfare checks -RRB- , Buddah lovaz -LRB- their ode to relaxin their minds with weed , and Crossroad -LRB- there ode to thier fallen homies -RRB- . The lyrical content , as deep and as honest and as brutally provocative as it is , is not the highlight of the album . The true highlightes come in the producion and the flow of the Bone . The production on this album could teach the club oriented producers out there a thing or two about create music making . DJ Uneek 's basslines and keyboards are brilliant . They are hypnotic and evoke the songs mood and feeling perfectly . The production on this album is up there with both Chronic albums and any NWA album . But the true ingredient to this masterpiece is the flow of bone . They simply sound so good incorperating lightning fast raps with smooth harmonies . Imagine a group with 5 members that can sound amazing spitting rapid fire raps -LRB- Est 1999 , Eternal , Die Die Die -RRB- as well as sounding equally as good , if not better on soulful harmonies -LRB- Crossroad , Buddah Lovaz , Bud Smokers Only -RRB- . Its mind blowing the talent and creativity that this group has . Its too bad they have faded over the years through a bad record label and a genre of music that eats up radio friendly club songs with the same beats and rhymes . Pick up this album or the shorter but better Creepin On Ah Come Up . By that time you will be properly adjusted to handle their double CD the Art of War . Satisfaction guarunteed
 This C.D has classic Bone songs ! To me its for people who like to find thier lyrics and try to learn thier style of flowing ! This was my first Bone C.D , then I got the other ones
 This is the man who shot down the supposed lenged 2pac and dismantled the patheic atempt by the commerical product that is Nelly . Bone-Thugs-N-Harmony I think is nothing special . They are a group who for some reason has been shone on with too much attention and praise . The lyrics are nothing special they are predictable like Eminem and horrible like Steven Segeals acting . The beatz are pretty good , but i 'd rather listen to another boring J.LO Collabration then this supposed classic album . In short this album leaves alot to be desired . THE WORST SONG I 'VE HEARD SINCE 2PAC 'S KEEP YA HEAD UP WOULD BE LOOK INTO MY EYES . Enough Said !
 I wish I never bought this CD . The beat is alright , but the lyrics are wrong , wrong , wrong ! All they sing about is killing people and doing drugs . This is not the kind of music we need . If you 're thinking about purchasing this , do n't . We do n't need to promote violence .
 Come on people , it is criminal -LRB- excuse the term -RRB- to think that rap stars who can not sing or play instruments are passing themselves off as musicians and are receiving prestigious music awards such as the Grammy . This is a total slap in the face to GREAT musicians like Louis Armstrong , Charlie Parker , Sly Stone , John Coltrane , Eric Dolphy , James Brown , Miles Davis , Billie Holiday , Stevie Wonder , Bud Powell , Earth , Wind , & Fire , Ella Fitzgerald , and Charlie Christian . Now , those artists are real musicians that REALLY sing and play . Bone Thugs are ... well , thuggs .
 When BTNH came out , they were still attached to Eazy-E and the only difference in the dumb NWA-style `` gangsta '' rap and theirs was the speed . This may be a `` classic '' rap album , but to make it onto a `` classic rap albums '' list , your CD has to be absolute trash , so I do n't like this one . The newer stuff is better .
 Uncle Albert , which you can get on Wings Greatest , is perhaps the only salveable tune here ... the rest has some interesting snatches of melody , which are easily forgotten ... get it if you find it at a yard sale for a quarter ...
 I had forgotten the reason I never bought Ram when it was first issued , but now I remember . It stunk then and still stinks today . Hopes had been high after McCartney 's quite excellent first solo album following the break-up of the Beatles , but for Sir Paul it has been mostly all downhill from there . The only reason his records sell at all is that people must think that because he was so good with the Beatles , that his genius will continue eternally . But if you really stop and think of all the silly and commercial crap he has issued over the years , that notion evaporates.Listening to this remastered album , I find that it does n't even sound as good as the original which did n't sound good at all . But at least you get a CD of `` bonus '' outtakes and rejected songs that ease the pain of money poorly spent . It is actually better than the principal recording and contains two , count 'em , two , worthwhile tunes . Those are the pop smash Another Day and a rollicking Great Cock and Seagull Race . That 's it!One can only imagine what they did to the poor ram , but at least the packaging is an attractive six-panel digipak accompanied by an attached booklet containing lyrics to songs on the original album plus lots of Paul and Linda pictures if anybody cares . This one is going to spend a lot of time gathering dust . If you are a McCartney completeist , you 'll have to have it . Otherwise , take my advice and save your cash .
 This album ranks with McCartney 's forgettable post-Beatles efforts . Many of the reviewers here who like it urge listeners to keep their expectations low before giving it a try . That is sound advice , but listening to it is still a waste of time . There are a few exceptions , but the melodies on here are either languid -LRB- `` Ram On '' , the first part of `` Uncle Albert/Adm . Halsey '' , `` Heart of the Country '' , `` Long-Haired Lady '' , `` Back Seat of My Car '' -RRB- or nonexistent -LRB- `` 3 Legs '' , `` Smile Away '' , `` Monkberry Moon Delight '' -RRB- . A good song here is `` Too Many People '' -LRB- which , to correct several mistaken reviewers on this page , was not written in response to John 's `` How Do You Sleep '' ; it was the other way around . Paul 's response to `` Sleep '' came on his next record and was called `` Dear Friend '' -RRB- . `` Dear Boy '' is pleasant enough and Linda for once does an adequate job with harmony , but it 's nothing new from McCartney . `` Eat at Home '' is n't a bad song . `` 3 Legs '' is a hackneyed piece of blues-style garbage , the schizoid `` Uncle Albert '' is frankly annoying , and `` Back Seat of My Car '' can be compared to Brian Wilson , sure , at his most BORING . Shouting at the top of one 's lungs on songs such as `` Smile Away '' and `` Monkberry Moon Delight '' does not make them top-notch rockers . As for the album 's lyrics , apparently Paul himself thought they were so convoluted and god-awful that he released an instrumental version of Ram years later . `` Sore was I from the crack of an enemy 's hose '' ... pardon ? Maybe he will do us a favor and supplement Thrillington with a version sans the music as well . Do you wonder why McCartney has never taken these songs on the road ? Anybody who thinks this album is better than Band on the Run is out of their minds . His classic album differs from all his other solo output because he demonstrates that he can do more than just provide flashes of melodies , melodies which used separately can rarely fill an entire song , so several unrelated melodies are strung together in a single song.Some reviewers compare this album to the Beach Boys ' Pet Sounds . I agree . Pet Sounds is hardly a masterpiece with only three good songs on the entire thing
 It lacked quality and the album art was so plain : -LRB- I want to be satisfied , I am not . I work hard for my money and with the economy as poor as it is , I ca n't afford to waste my funds in this case my money was wasted.Myself being an audiophile and i own a hi-end audiophile system retail valued @ $ 15,000 AS FAR AS THE BEATLES RE-RELEASES DO NOT GET ME STARTED ! I was very fascinated and overwhelmed with the jacket illustrations and art but I am very disappointed at the quality of these pressings ! Magical Mystery is supposed to 180 grams , it is n't its more like 150 grams more or less , I noticed as soon as I felt the girth because I do own many 180 gram virgin vinyls of all genres . So , I do n't know if that was a factory mistake or is it a fact or fiction as I read on Amazon.com that each and every record is supposed to have been tested in Abbey Road Labs before packaging and sent to stores ? The Sgt Peppers is 180 grams but it falls short because I do own the original Sgt peppers on capitol label stereo and mono versions that are very valuable . These new versions are supposed to be virgin vinyls meaning the sound-stage , hi 's and lows and warmth should be better than the originals , they sound like CD 's . And if I had read the fine print on the sticker on the front in the beginning , that these versions were taken from digital masters , I would have never got em . Analog should be true analog that 's is my opinion.SO PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON ANY BEATLES RELATED RECORDS/VINYLS . I TRIED CONTACTING CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM BEATLES.COM AND THEY COULD N'T HELP ME WHICH MEANS THEY DO N'T CARE ABOUT THERE CUSTOMERS !!!
 Yes , `` the Queen is a ho '' , is my reaction to Paul McCartney remarking to President Obama that he is relieved to have a president who knows what a library is . Truth is that President Bush was a devout reader of history , something Obama knows nothing about . It should be obvious to everyone that BO is repeating dastardly history.Purchasing this album -LRB- For a hundred bucks ? , what are you stupid ? -RRB- supports illiteracy , country-killing inflation and a world dominated by rogue countries .
 This is just not a very good album . Some of the songs have dumb lyrics , some have painfully awful musical moments , but it 's all very slight and weak compared to the Beatles works from just a few years earlier . It 's a dramatic dropoff in quality from Paul 's songs on Abbey Road and Let It Be and the White Album , to this music . Compared to his songs on the Beatles albums , these songs sound like rejects . Some of the songs sound a lot like children 's music . Paul is a likeable guy and you want to root for him , but honestly , when you listen to this music it just really is n't that good .
 when ram was released in `` 71 '' it was hailed as the worst album of all time.I hated it.It was so shallow , so dumb that it was embarassing to listen to , mccartney 's songs which were supposed to have humor were humorless , and if thats not enough he made his wife an equal conspirator in this thing , the problem was , she could not sing , let alone play musical instruments.that was in 1971 . i bought a reissued dvd of ram this week and i can say without a doubt , after listening to it again , that ram IS THE WORST ALBUM OF ALL TIME.The excesses of dumb lyrics,non-melodies , and mccartney 's presumption that he could sell the listening public anything no matter how bad it may be , no matter how strained his cute vocals provoked contempt rather than pathos , and finally the ameturism of Linda 's vocals , the sound of her voice when laced into the songs starts at the base of the spine , creeps upward until the brain has to try to figure what the hell its hearing . .
 Ram is good but not good , its sounds peaceful but not peaceful.I like it i do n't like . Monkberry moon delightful , mmm . I do n't like that song though . I have the will to judge all men.It 's a hearty constitution that keeps me out of bed at night and without colds for hours , or even years!Perhaps sometimeyou could take me for a walkyou know , sir , how I enjoy the outside.But that 's enough is the time for today . I 've spent far too long , I could have bought gas , driven to florida , in florida the music is simplenone of that paul mccartney-experiementastion , as i like to call it up on the phone , similar florida is to `` goood day sunshine '' nothing scare/stupid/philanderthropic like `` Why do n't we do it in the road '' oh . No you see , I like to hum my music , and if I 'm in what i call the right room , perhaps with an echo , than , the roomy sings back to my lungs . With quick repitistion.It 's a beating that inland , like newfaoundland , travels red and heart-lichen . It invades quebec , then it gets a divorce , or at least separates , that is what good music does . I hum it hums back , my memorandom is explicit with its spontaneous selections of what recall wants replay 'd . Perhaps if you are single we could eat icecream cones when it gets to hot for comfort , or take off our skin and dance around in our bones , if we ca n't get any . I love you .
 Though `` Ram '' is fundamentally flawed and ultimately unsatisfying I suppose it to be Paul McCartney 's best record . I 'm sorry to report that this is saying very little . I can remember how appalled we were when we heard the record that immediately succeeded `` Ram '' -LRB- I ca n't think of its name just now -- one 's mind has a way of protecting itself -RRB- . In any case , if you 've got all the Beatles records in your collection , and you absolutely need more Paul McCartney , I recommend you buy this . Just do n't set your hopes too high .
 Amid the obnoxious posturing and preening , the unadulterated stupidity -LRB- `` Smile Away '' , `` Monkberry Moon Delight '' -RRB- , and Linda McCartney 's shrill , discordant , abrasive , and way , way out-of-tune `` singing '' , there is much melodic fecundity here . That does n't make it worth sifting through . There is no question that Paul McCartney has talent , but talent without taste and artistic vision is nothing .
 I love McCartney and consider him to be a true musical genius and one of the towering figures in 20th and 21th century music , but despite his genius this material is mediocre at best . I was really looking forward to listening to this re-release , having never previously listened to the entire album/CD , but the experience was an extremely disappointing one for me . There are a few `` great '' songs , but overall the songs are bland , boring and trite . I can appreciate Paul 's love for his wife , but Linda McCartney is a disaster , and should have been excised from this remaster .
 First things first . I would never buy this album . I have n't even given it the credit of actually listening to the whole thing ... Let me tell you why . Carlos Santana represents a generation of greedy , corporately influenced , hypocrites . He hides behind a banner of authenticity that has stretched undeservingly over three decades . Yes , his band 's performance at Woodstock was AMAZING , and subsequent albums for a good deal of time were memorable and inspiring . He was , in many circles , thought of as a sort of pioneer musically and socially . What happened ? I 'll tell you . Baby boomers have misled and misinformed my generation in so many ways , to the extent that we are now active participants in their continual campaign to take our money and our ethics . Carlos is , in my mind , a solid representation of all that is wrong with our corporately influenced society . Here is an aging rock star -LRB- i 'm not doing him the justice of calling him a musician , a rock star is usually something different . -RRB- , who has looked at all that he once stood for and cashed it in for a quick dollar -LRB- or million -RRB- . Using an array of current pop heros , Carlos is manipulating the public on so many levels . He is winning over a consumer-driven youth market AND crafting songs that lull disenchanted boomers back into what they still think is hip . His name recognition will keep older fans , while the likes of Lauren Hill , Dave Matthews and Rob Thomas -LRB- of Matchbox 20 fame , possibly one of the worst pop bands EVER -RRB- will suck the youth market into the nearest chain store . It is honestly such a sad state of affairs in music , and we can not and should not support another rock star whose motivations are directed through enterprise and money . Please do not buy this record .
 What nonsense , i hate it !
 Only Smooth is worth . I bought it only for it . Both those stars I have given it are for smooth alone .
 I was looking forward to an alternative/rock album . Instead what I got was a latin/rap album with a couple of rock songs -LRB- which are the ones I had heard on the radio -RRB- . A great tactical move by Santana , but a major disappointment for me !
 Carlos must be deaf to let this out . The sound is so compressed that it only sounds good on boom boxes and in cars . If you have a good quality sound system , you probably wo n't listen to this disk long .
 This album mostly sounds like really , really good background lounge music . Much of it sounds the same . I know Carlos Santana plays a mean guitar , but I often feel he is technically skilled , but the emotion of his playing is lost on me . The song with Everlast is pretty good , but `` Smooth '' is an inexplicable hit to me . I played this CD twice , and I 'll be taking it to the local Hastings to sell to them . I 'm sure I 'm just missing out on what everyone else loves about this CD , but I have to be honest ... I wasted my money on it .
 Oh boy . Santana brings me back to being 15 and slow dancing at the Cove in Burien , WA during those awesome guitar riffs of `` Black Magic Woman '' . But this album , except for a few songs , is enormously boring . I love Carlos and wanted to love the CD , but it just all sounds the same .
 This is pants ... worst Santana album ever ... and that includes the one he did with Alice Coltrane .
 This is sad . Santana used to have a SOUND and PASSION . Now poor Carlos sounds like he 's a guest on other peoples ' albums.The current formula seems to be , get whoever is flavor of the month -LRB- `` hot '' -RRB- and get the whole bunch on a salable but forgettable and artistically bankrupt `` product '' . Of course a year or two down the line the truth is evident -LRB- Matchbox 20 anyone ? -RRB- . Ditto for Shaman.The truth is that after Michelle Branch has finally pudged out and dissapeared along with all the other pop tinsel and fluff Santana insists on `` collaborating '' with Carlos will still be around . Carlos , YOU are the future . PLease move on .
 Once I heard Santana 's new song with Rob Thomas -LRB- Smooth -RRB- I was very excited to see that Santana was back on the charts with a great song . I raced to the nearest CD store and bought `` Supernatural '' After I listened to `` Smooth '' I went through the rest of the CD and it was definately not the Santana of old , the guitar master of classic albums like `` Abraxis . '' It was like listening to a combination of Tito Puente , Bob Marley , and Lauren Hill . Absolutely terrible stuff for any rock fans . My advice
 Although I generally like the music from this album - the DVD Audio is good example of how the record labels managed to kill this format . I bought this specifically for the higher quality STEREO ... but this disc is defaulted to 5.1 and it 's extremely cumbersome and frustrating if all you want to do is listen to the album in higher res on your main stereo setup . 5.1 usually means home cinema -LRB- lower quality sound as it 's also designed for movies -RRB- and in most cases awful 5.1 mixes of the original . If you like this album buy the CD and save yourself the grief .
 How far can you blow a CD out of proportion ? `` Supernatural '' was made out to be the ultimate CD , everyone was saying it was so great , blah blah blah . Then there was the Grammy awards where Santana swept the evening . All I can ask is why ? He does n't write the songs , and the only time he sings is when he chants `` Oh bah me ma mama jeemah '' in the background of a couple of songs . He did n't bowl people over in the 70 's , so why is anything different now ? Yeah , he plays the guitar . So what ? So does Eric Clapton , and I did n't see him winning a billion awards for 1998 's `` Pilgrim '' . The problem is , the Grammy Awards get one artist in their heads per year , and wo n't get them out . Lauryn Hill was a disgrace in ' 98 . Her songs were garbage , yet she beat out better bands in all of the categories . Stop with the yearly obsessions already ! The album kicks off with the utterly bizarre '' -LRB- Da Le -RRB- Yaleo '' , a mix of island music and funk . And it only gets worse from there . `` Put Your Lights On '' is a song that just gets under your skin . With Everlast droning `` put your lights on '' constantly in the background , it is not a memorable song , and certainly not one you will ever get a huge urge to hear again . Then there is the radio hit , `` Maria Maria '' . Santana 's guitar playing is too good for this stupid song that has no melody whatsoever . The only good song on the album is `` Smooth '' , yes the song that the radio beat to death a few months ago . That 's good because it was written by Rob Thomas , a man who actually possesses musical talent . Other than that , you ca n't even understand the music on the CD . I enjoy latin music , but this is just ridiculous . Coming from the man who was singing `` Black Magic Woman '' a few decades ago , this is a terrible dissapointment . As I said before , the only good thing about this album is the guitar playing by Carlos Santana . Other than that , all you get is an eclectic bunch of `` artists '' singing about nothing . All those Grammys were a waste of metal ! What were you people thinking ? This CD is a waste of time and money , and it was a wasted effort put forth by those who made it . WHAT IS THE BIG DEAL WITH SANTANA ? Do yourself a favor , stop giving your hard-earned money to people who do n't deserve to be receiving it . Avoid this CD at all costs .
 Some artists never die - Santana among them . It is quite easy to listen to his work on albums from the 60s and think that they are as recent as last week . Unfortunately , Santana does n't seem to think that this is enough - he actually wants to record an album which sounds and is as recent as last week.A few weeks after I 'd bought this album -LRB- I too enjoyed the guitar solos on `` Smooth '' and thought that the potential of the album was high -RRB- my teacher was talking about Carlos Santana - he actually said that if we had n't already got this album , do n't get it . The reasoning behind this being that in a few years time it would n't sound as fresh as it did - while his early work always will.I did n't think that this was quite going to be the case but it is . My parents have some of the early work and I find myself listening to it and being amazed on an almost weekly basis - there is always something which I 've missed - but I barely give `` Supernatural '' a run anymore.That said , there are some marvellous moments on this album . The instrumentals and songs not featuring anyone are superb in parts - although they tend to get a bit boring after a while . Even some of the collaborations have their moments - Everlast 's vocals , Mana 's work and even the emotion that Product G&B -LRB- uncredited on my CD - I do n't know why -RRB- bring to `` Maria Maria '' are probably worth a look . Even Dave Matthews -LRB- an artist who I generally dislike -RRB- puts in a good performance on `` Love Of My Life '' . Of course , the Eric Clapton duet is justifiably great.The problem that Santana has encountered here is that he ca n't decide whether to rest on his laurels and perform electrifying guitar solos or expand and perform with rappers and so on . This indecision shows through when he tries to perform with Lauryn Hill and Cee-Lo Goodie -LRB- the track really grates and should have been cut -RRB- - even Wyclef 's comments on `` Maria Maria '' are unwarranted.To sum up - there are some great things on this album , just not enough to make it worthwhile .
 I can understand Santana 's desire to reach a different , younger crown - but this ? Any one cut on his 1st 3 albums -LRB- or the 80 's `` Havana Moon '' -RRB- kicks this whole album out to the curb . Carlos ' trademark was complex rhythms and musicality - this sounds like music from `` Your Local Weather '' on the Weather Channel ! On the positive side , maybe some folks will buy his older stuff again - but if you 're expecting more of this `` music to pop Valium and drink herbal tea to '' you wo n't be happy .
 not since frank sinatra 's awful two duet albums has a pop record gotten so much attention and just like those two this is just as worse.while Carlos Santana is one of the baddest guitar players ever his choice to cash in with the latest thing sucks big time.Rob Thomas ca n't sing himself out of a bag of open chips.Wycliff is talented but he is playing the same song over & over again.Lauyrnn Hill does n't bring anything to this disc at all.Eagle Eye cherry is n't half the talent of his sister or even a penny of his father.Everlast is wack.and so is the overrated Dave Matthews.the only cut i like is the first one and the one with Eric Clapton who himself does boring bland music.aside from his guitar there 's not much goin on.and sadly on this disc the same can be said for Santana.but the grammys will eat this up ?
 Pure marketing , commercial trash , Santana has always being famous for doing covers and this is not the exception .
 This album is just another great example of how pop and top 40 music is taking over the woorrllddd !! I 'm fifteen years old and have liked Santana ever since my parents played it for me . So , when I heard all the talk about his new album and how great it was supposed to be , I thought to myself , ` Hey ! Maybe I should go out and buy that ! ' So I did . Oh dear . I look at the track listing , and EIGHT of the thirteen songs are `` featuring '' another artist . Weeeee ! It 's too bad that those songs are n't any good . Most of the songs that have gotten air time on the radio sound NOTHING like Santana , and a lot like they should be on the featured artist 's album . I give this album two stars for the songs that are n't featuring anyone , like Yaleo and Africa Bamba . If you want good music , get Abraxas or Santana or Moonflower . If you want stuff that sounds like everything else out there , get Supernatural !
 It 's very sad when a man can win 8 grammy 's for an album he did n't even write . I was under the impression that Carlos Santana was a man of integrity ... NOPE . First , before I go on and describe how terrible the music on the album is , I will elaborate on why this was the best sell out in the history of music . Not the history of rock and roll , not the history of jazz or blues . But yes , the history of music itself . First of all , Carlos is credited for writing three songs . Smart move Santana , lets get a bunch of modern rock stars to come and make an album for me , so I can sell millions of records . Absolutely ingenious . Supernatural should instead be called `` Santana plays guitar with modern rock stars '' . I ca n't describe how frusterated I am with this . First of all , there are two good songs
 Well , first of all let me tell you why I bought this album . I bought this cd the day it came out just because is from Carlos Santana . All of his cds that I have are pure music , beautifull stuff with real passion . This is cd was made only for comercial purpose . Seeing Santana with Rob Thomas is like seeing Clapton -LRB- god -RRB- with Fred Durzt . Their styles are completely different and the music does n't sound the way Santana , the REAL Santana sounds like . Sorry but this is not the Santana I know , is just some comercial-MTV-pop-culture ripoff .
 This is what happens when you take ego-centric music executives and a classic rock icon , whip up a few million dollars in marketing , and spit it out to the public . A package of songs that are neither sung nor written by the person whose name appears on the album . If it were not for the powers that be in the music industry , this would be just another tribute album that would soon be dusty from sitting too long on the shelf . While `` Smooth '' is a bonafide hit , none of the other songs on this compilation come even close . It 's a shame that Carlos has to be a puppet of the music industry 's corporate marketing strategies . With the exception of his guitar solos , nothing on this album has either the spirit or soul of Carlos Santana . Although , it 's nice to see his peers finally recognize his contributions to music .
 My wife bought this CD for me after the Grammy awards . I must say that I am extremely disappointed with it . I have enjoyed Santana 's music ever since Woodstock although I am not a hard-core fan . I can only listen to one or two tracks before turning it off . I have worked my way through it four times , but can not find much to rave about . The straight Santana tracks are OK , but the collaborations are drivel . Maybe I just do not understand the current music scene . Neither genre on any of the cuts finds anything new or innovative in the joint effort . They just seem to be singing -LRB- ? -RRB- or playing at the same time . It is oil and water to me . Carlos , now that you are making the big bucks , do it right with people who care about your music and you theirs .
 Okay , I grew up with Santana ... I dug his sound . Only , I must admit , it is hard to find Carlos here . I mean , I was more impressed with his liner notes - indicative of a soulful man with a lot of gratitude for the love and art in his life - than the tunes . I conclude that this is not a Santana album , but a Pop Artists of the 90 's disc , with Santana 's name on it . I suppose that if you had no clue of his earlier works , you would n't know the diff and would enjoy the POP sounds of this work , but ... I DO N'T ! Hey , Carlos ... call me when you make your own music.And when you get 8 grammies for that , I 'll be Superimpressed .
 Am I not hearing something here ? First of all , back in the day Santana could kick out some sweet jams . His guitar work has always been excellent . What the hell is this though ? Aside from the excellent `` Put Your Lights On '' , the rest sounds like either some record exectutives power-lunch meeting deal signing or Muzak guest starring some guy who sounds like Carlos Santana . After winning all those grammys I decided to borrow this from my girlfriend and honestly I ca n't hear what all the fuss is about . From the first time I heard `` Smooth '' and `` Maria Maria '' I should have known this was going to suck . Looking over the credits it seems Carlos had writing credits on about 3 songs which means he pretty much phoned in a performance , had his name put on it , and sold a bunch of records with a little help from his `` friends '' . You want a real comeback album that 's worth the hype and Grammy attention ? Pick up Bob Dylan 's `` Time out of Mind '' . Guess what ? On that one the guy who has his name on the album cover actually writes and sings the songs he is playing . Novel concept these days .
 This was a true dissappointment ! There are a few good songs here and the rest is poor stuff . This is a collection of various music and I say that litely ! If you are looking for THE Santana music then this is not the album you want . If you want a sample of what a lot of groups are calling music today then this may be for you . The awards people are a bunch of know nothing of music anyway . Maybe this was for publicity !
 Santana is a very limited guitarist on the face of it . True , the pentatonic scale sounds very guitar heroish coming from his ornate Paul Reed Smith , but the whole amounts to something very sophomoric and immature.The songs on the record , all written by other guys , are mediocre at best . Clive Davis put together a nice package , commissioning songwriters when needed -LRB- and that 's quite often -RRB- and producers to tailor the sound to the frail and one-dimensional ears of the typical Top 40 listener and the typical Grammy voter.But what are you going to do ? Santana 's new record SUPERNATURAL has put him where he apparently wants to be
 Santana motivated me to start playing guitar over 10 years ago when I saw him in concert . I bought handfulls of his releases around that time . He deserved his first grammys back in the ` black magic woman ' days , but I doubt back then such music by a non-anglo would be allowed to champion the awards scene . I figure that 's the only way you can explain it . How else do you explain how ` smooth ' was such a hot hit ? I cringed every time I came across that stupid song in my day to day life . Lots of canned music on this release and will not buy anymore Santana that are collaberations.I 'll cut Santana slack if this is a case of needing to pay the bills , but other than that , Carlos , please leave the cheesy pop music for the Britanys , Matchboxes , and Backstreets of the world.Get back to Milagro , Dancing in the Flesh of Spirits , and Blues for ElSalvador . PLEASE !!
 I love the first three Santana albums to death , Carlos Santana is one of my favorite guitarists of all time , and I 've always enjoyed reading interviews with him , as his thoughts are insightful and refreshing . However , Santana 's big-selling comeback , Supernatural is a big disappointment . Instead of fiery hot instrumentals and jazzy piano-led songs that Santana did so well back in the early days , there 's an abundance of annoying pop songs with appearances by one hit wonder musicians . The only song on Supernatural that features a worthwhile musician is Santana 's duet with Eric Clapton , which is actually a memorable jam . Basically all the other duets are with untalented , one hit wonder singers/songwriters like Rob Thomas of Matchbox 20 -LRB- `` Smooth '' -RRB- or even more forgettably , some guy from the band Eagle Eye Cherry . Supernatural could have been a good album if Santana had jammed with timeless , talented musicians like B.B. King or Ray Charles -LRB- RIP -RRB- or Stevie Wonder . Unfortunately , he let the greedy dudes at the record company make the choices , something that , though made him a lot richer , possibly sacrificed his integrity .
 This is hardcore pop in its truest form , at the same level as is all this Backstreet Boys/N Sync/Britney Spears/Ricky Martin/Sisqo/Blink 182/Celine Dion/Christina Aguilera/Shaggy/Lil ` Bow Wow/I can go on forever ... ! I do n't understand why this `` remarkable '' guitarist could aim at such a generation who listens to Backstreet Boys or N Sync -LRB- oh , dear ! -RRB- ; I figure he must have mistargeted to the commercial mainstream instead of making a memorable record . As one of those people who absolutely detests acclaimed artists who get so wound up in their popularity , they screw their own lives up -LRB- i.e. , Wacko Jacko -RRB- and the commercial state in which America -LRB- the so-called `` land of the free and the home of the brave '' -RRB- is now , I wonder how all of a sudden music could become so like this ? Santana is a remarkable guitarist but I think on his next album he should return to his roots instead of doing stuff like this that the public will just ... down only to get sick of later . PLEASE listen to some REAL Santana such as his first three albums and you 'll sooner or later see this album 's lack of `` landmark '' !
 Very disappointed in this album , Way over hyped . Only a couple of cuts are real Santana . Do n't recommend it at all . Will think twice about buying `` new '' albums from Santana in the future , will have to hear the `` whole '' albulm first . Do n't understand the 7 Grammies at all .
 Man , talk about hitting rock bottom ... What was he thinking , let 's make a fast buck and sacrifice all artistic integrity ? The album ranges from good to bad to just plain ugly , the good being Yaleo and El Farol - most reminiscent of classic Santana , the bad being Primavera and Love of My Life and the ugly being Put Your Lights On , Maria Maria , and just about everything else with rappers on it - I wonder what happened there , the band walked out on him ? The poppy Smooth is soooo NOT Santana . The Calling is filler , so soporiphic that it will make you snore in the first 2 minutes , and there 's like 8 of 'em . Does this stuff come from the same man who produced Abraxas , Caravanserai , Swing Of Delight , Santana III and Amigos ? No way . I mean , all artists want to try new things from time to time , but it looks like here Mr. Santana forgot himself completely ...
 When I first heard Supernatural , I thought it was the greatest Santana album ever . Then , when I listened carefully , I discovered more and more things that I felt were lacking . As a guitar player myself , I believe that Santana has no concept of the word subtlety . All of his solo work and playing is overbearing and `` in-your-face . '' There 's nothing at all restrained or delicate . He solos over vocals , he solos over other solos , he solos , he solos , he solos . His solos repeat each other . We hear the same `` riffs '' again and again . I am fully aware that this is a Santana album , and that one should hear Santana on it , but too much is too much . Also there is no true `` rocker '' on this recording . There are louder faster numbers , but nothing that really kicks , and we all know Santana could kick . Of course a rock album does n't need a `` rocker '' to be good , but , Santana owes his success to rock and roll songs . He has , in effect , abandoned his rock and roll roots , and he does have them . There are bright moments , several of them , but that 's all they are , moments . I wo n't deny that I 'm moved by `` Smooth '' , and that the vocals by the worthy guests are fabulous . However , overall I find Supernatural deficient , and I would n't recommend this album .
 I thought that this album was really going to be good , Carlos has an excellent style and some great songs in his history . I found the album lacking a presence or feeling . I do like `` Smooth '' , but without Rob Thomas , the song would n't be that great ... I just thought the ablum was a letdown considering the potential .
 The only reason I bought this CD was because everyone praised it . Thats the last time I will listen to the critics . Do n't buy it . It 's a waste of time listening to , and a waste of money buying it .
 I have to admit that the first time I saw the video for `` Smooth , '' the first thing I thought was , `` What the hell is Santana doing on MTV ? '' That 's still kind of my reaction to `` Supernatural . `` This album , far from showcasing the talent of the legendary Carlos Santana , instead showcases the marketing talents of Clive Davis , who undoubtedly sat in an office and said , `` Carlos , baby , I got a plan . Let 's get all the big rock acts , all the ones the kids like , like that guy from Matchbox 20 and Dave Matthews and that Lauryn Hill girl , and have them write songs for you that they 'll sing and you 'll play on . Name recognition , baby , it 's all about name recognition . We 'll get all the grown-ups because of your name , and the kids will buy it and maybe go back and buy stuff from your old catalog . `` Brilliant , Clive . Absolutely brilliant . And it worked , too . Carlos is being hailed as a genius , albeit twenty-five years too late . The album 's selling like gangbusters . And now Carlos has two number-one singles . Who ` da thunk it?The album consists of mediocre alterna-pop and weak R&B tunes enlivened only by Carlos ' distinctive guitar work , which actually is kept to a minimum here . And it took me about two months to recognize the intro to `` Smooth '' and not wonder why the local pop station had suddenly taken it into their heads to play Dio 's `` Rainbow In The Dark '' -LRB- the two intros sound unnervingly alike -RRB- . If the kids who listen to this do go back and get some of Carlos ' older stuff , the album 's purpose will indeed have been served . Until then ...
 At best , Supernatural is mediocre . It has some good moments ... especially Maria Maria . However , it failed to mesmerise me and so many others have claimed . Carlos Santana has been much heralded as a genius and `` living legend '' . However , all he has done is `` resurrected '' his fledging career by producing a commercial record he knew would sell . His past records barely made an impact on any charts . Those albums did NOT include collaberations . The credit for Supernatural goes to the artists he worked with . The guitar work done by Carlos , any established guitarist can do . Even so , the actual songs are nothing special . `` Smooth '' has been killed to death by radio and has become downright annoying . `` Put your lights on '' is the MOST BORING song i 've ever heard ! . `` Maria Maria '' is the only shining light . Significantly its an R&B / Hip hop song which is the complete antithesis of Santana 's usual sound . In essence , do n't waste your money on this CD . It has been grossly overrated and is , to tell you the truth , quite boring .
 This album is very commercial . Santana has understood how to make money with songs that are devoted to the people fond of the music of MTV but not surely to the listeners of Jimi Hendrix , Miles Davis or Tito Puente . If you wish to listen some real genuine latin music , buy the first album of Ibrahim Ferrer or the last of Compay Segundo . Luckily , in this album Santana shows that he has not forgotten how to play the guitar .
 I bought this album because I love `` Smooth '' but the rest of the CD is absolutely nothing like it . There 's not one other song on the CD that I like . It 's a whole mix of latin-rap -LRB- who would have guessed those went together ? -RRB- , latin-rock , latin-traditional , and latin-who-knows-what . There 's not one Santana style , it 's more Carlos + the famous artist in some other category .
 This is as pure as junk gets . ` Nuf said .
 Give me a break man Smooth is fine but his new one Maria Maria oh please If I hear that song 1 more I am gon na PUKE I mean come on I know of music far better and yes that Includes 80 's music etcetc the fact Mr Satana sweeped the Grammys give me a break thats ' like giving Shania Twain awards and trust me she ai n't got no right to em other then those Candian Awards I mean totally unfair Pop sinks to another low first It 's woman that think there music wont ' sell unless they show there belly button GIVE ME A BREAK THAT IS DOWN RIGHT NASTY no one should have to see that In public anyhow so to end I say this sorry Mr Santana u got ta go I mean I know of Artists that made good music back then and Its ' still good today , example Harry Chapin still one I like ...
 Greetings , Track 2 of the album starts with a rapper introducing our friend Carlos . Like if Carlos needed any introduction , or approval , especially from a rapper!Oh man!Anyone 's into skeet shooting here?moontan
 . . in my rateing now , but that does n't mean I 'm not into new-thinking ! I like Santana in every way , and I 'm not into being boring stubbern refusing-to-play-new-stuff-of-old-masters ... I just HONESTLY like their old stuff better . But hey ! Go ahead and get this CD , offcourse , it 's Santana , so it is worth the money !!!
 Honestly , I always admired Carlos Santana 's work . He is a talented musician who can really play guitar well and for that alone I 'll give him an extra star . Although he always features some vocals on his albums they usually blended well with the music and like the music itself they retained their latin flavor . Not to mention his instrumental tunes were always infected with such deep sensuality and mystery.However on this album , Carlos must have reached into a hat and randomly picked out several pop artists from each style of music to feature on this album . The last people I would have ever wanted to hear on a cd like this are Dave Mathews , Rob Thomas and Lauryn Hill . And I 'm sorry but Santana needs to stay away from Wyclef about as much as Sting needs to stay away from Puff Daddy ! Rap and Santana just do n't mix , and neither does trendy `` college '' bands and Santana either.Album of the year and a bag full of Grammies does n't mean anything in my book . They 'll give a grammy to anyone radio programmers chose to play that year.Santana 's music has lost all of its sensuality and atmosphere with this album and for true sensual latin influenced music I 'd much more reccommend music by B-Tribe instead which sound like a cross between the OLD Santana instrumental works , Gypsy Kings and early Enigma.If there 's one thing I cant ' stand it 's sell-outs , but for the money I guess almost anyone will do it .
 It 's true ... . I really tried to like this album . I mean , it is n't terrible , but it certainly is not the classic that all the sheep are calling it . As you listen to it , and try to keep an open mind to all the diverse influences that are present , it quickly becomes apparent that what you have here is a mediocre song from nearly every guest-star and Carlos himself . I 'm sorry again , but it needs to be said . OVERRATED . If you must hear `` Smooth '' -LRB- as though you do n't hear it enough on the radio -RRB- save a few bucks and buy the single . The rest of the album feels disjointed and incoherent .
 His guitar still sounds like no one else . But the rest of this travesty of a CD with its Vegas-styled Latin rhythms and slicker than slick production , plus those desperate collaborations make Santana sound as compelling as Hootie and the Blowfish . This is what the Beach Boys ' `` Kokomo '' was to `` Good Vibrations '' or Grace Slick singing `` White Rabbit '' versus `` Nothing 's Gon na Stop Us Now . '' I 'm happy for Carlos Santana 's success , but did it have to happen with such an innocuous and calculated group of songs ? A corporate record and totally dispensable . Many Grammy 's are sure to follow .
 I had eagerly anticipated the release of this . Initially , I did not get to hear it , and was even more excited after the hype . By recruiting artists from a variety of sub-genres to work with a man w / great name recognition , Sr. . Santana and the label tried to and succeeded in selling a zillion albums . Great marketing ploy . Bad music ploy . Well , it goes to show that hype does n't mean a hill of beans . This CD was extremely disappointing . After all , Eric Krapton 's -LRB- no coincidence that this washed-up Anglo retread guitarist helped Carlos with a track -RRB- `` If I See You In Heaven '' also received hype and awards , and it was a terrible CD . Eric Krapton should have hung up his guitar in the early 70s . At least Carlos has still got the skills . He needs to get Greg Rollie and a tight band back , and produce more consistent music .
 I listened to my wife 's CD to see what this was all about . Interesting arrangement of guests , but I will probably never voluntarily listen to this again . Lots of interesting beats . Lots of notes . That 's about it . I was not stirred .
 If you are considering buying this CD , then please , save your money . I have to say that this is the worst CD I have ever bought . I got it because I love the single , `` Smooth '' and thought that the rest of the songs would be of simalar quality . If you want to know the truth , most of it just sounded like elevator music to me . I gave it to my mother , who usually likes that kind of `` easy listening '' music , but she listened to it once through and had pretty much the same opinion as I did . Some people may like the kind of music that is on here , but if you are expecting the rest of the songs on here to sound like `` Smooth '' , then you will be terribly dissapointed .
 When I heard that there was to be a new Santana album , its release was eagerly anticipated . Then I bought it . What a piece of crap ! It was so disappointing that I thought about rolling down my window and throwing it over the side of a local bridge crossing the Hudson River as I drove over it . Then I realized the state of the river and decided that it did not need any more pollution . Now in hindsight I suppose if I had thrown it out they would want to dredge the river or something . When I saw Santana about 5 years ago I was supremely disappointed . Not just at the music and performance , but over the fact that I had no substances to abuse with me to ease my discomfort . Oh well ! -LRB- p.s. I gave the damn thing away to a 12 year old girl -RRB-
 I was expecting more from santana because the songs `` Maria Maria '' And offcorse `` Smooth '' But the other songs are boring and have not life at all . They have none if singing in it then thre is hardley any .
 I 've been a major Santana fan since the begining of his career . Rock , jazz , freeform , Latin . . they all sounded great but this album 's hip hop is too far for me . I do n't know if the effort is commercial or just trendy but there 's no room on my shelf to add this one .
 I have a few of Santanas earlier albums on vinyl and I 'm in the process of buying CD versions . My wife bought me ` Supernatural ' as a present.There are a few good tracks but I found ` Supernatural ' disappointing , given that it was a big commercial success . Tracks fall into two categories - collaborations with some contemporary artists -LRB- most of which do n't work for me -RRB- , and music that is reminiscent of the band 's earlier workTHE GOOD : DE LA YALEO - Strong Afro-Latin feel , jazzy piano and guitar solo ; AFRICA BAMBA - Latin/Mexican feel , wistful guitar sound ; MIGRA - Great guitar playing , nice horn arrangement , solid percussion ; EL FAROL - Relaxed but unexciting , but enough good guitar playing to make it very listenable.THE UNEXCEPTIONAL : SMOOTH , MARIA MARIA , LOVE OF MY LIFE , CORAZON ESPINADO , WISHING IT WAS.THE UGLY : PUT YOUR LIGHTS ON - Boring and repetitive ; DO YOU LIKE THE WAY - A mess , awful ; PRIMAVERA - Monotonous and predictable ; THE CALLING - Collaboration with Eric Clapton . Neither guitarists do themselves justice . Background vocals are repetitive and tedious . Too long.If you liked those tracks rated ` The Good ' , and you are not familiar with Santana 's earlier work , then check out ` Abraxas ' , ` Santana III ' -LRB- in my opinion , their finest album -RRB- , ` Caravanserai ' , and ` Borboletta ' ; after these , the band moved closer to jazz fusion .
 I was disappointed with this CD after all the hype . How can one go from being one of the premier guitar legends of this century in 1969 to recording music thirty years later with an `` artist '' who calls himself `` Eagle-Eyed Cherry ? '' It 's time to grow up , Mr. Santana .
 Bought it as a gift . I LOVE Santana , and Carlos was brilliant to merge himself with todays top artists , BUT , I think todays artists suck , and so the album isnt good . However Santana made a great career move on this
 Pull out/borrow/buy a copy of Santana ` s 1972 masterpiece `` Caravanserai '' , pay close attention to the track titled `` Song Of The Wind '' , and then compare it with the absolute DRECK on this ` popsy ' - nonsense , and then ask yourself whether this is even the same guitarist . I recommend the old stuff -- before Carlos felt the need to become a mainstream pop star , for some reason .
 Call me a naysayer , pessimist , what you will , but I really have to agree with fellow `` party poopers '' who `` just like to ruin a good thing , '' or so they say , that Carlos has sold his soul to mainstream pop . Upon first hearing that Santana was signing onto pop label Arista , my immediate first response was `` Uh , Oh . '' And having pop producer Clive Davis on board did n't help things much , either . Do n't get me wrong , this album has it 's moments -LRB- such as his collabrations with Eric Clapton and the Dave Matthews Band -RRB- , but for the most part , I would much rather remember Santana for `` Black Magic Woman '' rather than for `` Smooth . '' It 's okay , but the money 's better well spent on Santana 's first three albums .
 you know , i bought this disk on the strength of Smooth , the AWESOME cha-cha song ! but as i listened to the rest , i just wasnt attracted to all the other songs . so i sold the CD . oh well .
 I think it is VERY dissapointing that in the generations of Santana 's GENIUS music , he has to produce a poppy album with artists that have a fraction of Santana 's talent in order to recieve a Grammy . I am actually sorry that I purchased this album because it is DEFINATELY not real Santana .
 First of all , its old school . If you dont like this kind of music in the first place , this CD wont make you like it . The songs are nothing to get excited about or anything . If you are fan of Santana and his style of music , go get it because it sounds just like it did back 30 yrs ago . But if you 're not a die-hard fan , save your money , i cant imagine how it possible got the best album award last year , its not good , its boring . Simple as that .
 This is the single-most overrated album of the past 10 years . All fluffy , superficial tunes with a featured guest . Carlos , I liked your old stuff but you seem to have lost touch with your talent .
 I never thought that in all my life that Carlos Santana would sell out and make a record this bad.Its just pop garbage like Ricky Martin or the spice girls.Its almost like the ablum has a formula or that it was desined by a record company . The name Santana gets the older generations of music listeners to buy the ablum and all the guests `` artists '' get the younger generations to purchase this . Personaly I kinda hope that Supernatural was the idea of a corperation and not Santana , that way future ablums wo n't be as bad , because Carlos Santana is a nice guy who in the past has made some excellent ablums .
 If you want something that 's just like Santana 's older stuff , you 'll like this . But if you 're looking for something that 's fresh , new or original , do n't waste your money . Collaborations , like the one with John Lee Hooker , were fun and new . Maybe next time ...
 It 's the worst CD on earth !! please do n't buy this !! It will be a BIG BIG MISTAKE !!!
 Okay , my dad was all `` Go listen to Santana ! '' so I did . I mean , WOW!What is this stuff ? Is there such thing as 0 stars ? Sorry if you like it , but to me it sounds like a bunch of old guys strummin ' on guitars . I AM NOT A HYPOCRITE !
 DO NOT BUY THIS CD IT IS AWFUL ! ! ! STEP BACK , AND DO N'T THINK ABOUT THIS CD AGAIN , IT STINKS !
 MY CAT SING 'S BETTER . I DONT KNOW HOW THIS JABRONI THINK ` SHE 'S WORTHY TO EVEN SING . WHEN DOES PEOPLE REALY KNOW ENOUGHIS ENOUGH ALREADY . I TRULY AMAMAZED THEY LET GARBAGE SING .
 I have heard this cd and it is a bust.To me , it 's like an old lady going in for a facelift and having everyone tell her how great she looks.Santana 's music now , reminds of Miles Davis when he came back from retirement to make meaningless blather , with young musicians that do n't know any better.If you do n't believe me , go listen to Caravanserai , if you have the nerve
 Another Havana Moon . Santana is just going for the money here , too bad . This Cd is rife with commercialism . It must be on the Arista label instead of Santana 's own label , Guts and Grace , due to the poor quality of the content . Santana 's guitar still sings like no other , but the collaberators are no where close to his level of greatness . Hopefully Santana makes enough money on this Cd to enable him to start making real music again . If you are a Santana fan , save your money . If you like today 's pop trash , go for it .
 SEEMS THAT CARLOS HAS GOTTEN TOGEATHER WITH SEVERAL TALENTED PEOPLE THESE DAYS.ITS ALMOST AS IF ROCK HAS TAKEN A BREAK THESE DAYS OR IS SORTA SITTING BACK WAITING FOR SOMETHING TO HAPPEN.WELL I THINK THE WAITING IS OVER.SANTANA HAS LIT THE FUSE WITH THIS NEW CD.THE BANG THAT COMES FROM IT HAS NO DOUT ROCKED THE WORLD ONCE AGAIN.WITH ITS LATIN-AMERICAN FLAVOR IT HAS MADE ROCK MUSIC WHAT IT IS TODAY , THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS.THIS CD WILL , I HOPE GET SOME OF THE OLD OR SEASONED ROCKERS OUT AGAIN TO SHOW THERE SUFF ; AS BETTER THAN EVER BEFORE.ITS GREAT TO HEAR FROM SANTANA AGAIN , THANKS ALOT GUYS ... KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK .
 Actually , I would n't give that girl any stars . If they had `` 0 star '' that 's what I would give this CD . It sounds exactly like her first CD . How can anyone like such an airhead ? It 's sad what the world has come to . Britney Spears is a tramp . That 's my opinion -LRB- and I know it 's right -RRB- so if you do n't like it , I 'm sorry . I truly am , because that means that you like Britney Spears and I really feel sorry for you . You are a loser . That 's that . So anyone with any sense , do not listen to Britney Spears . It is damaging to your mental health . If you listen to Britney Spears , your brain will begin to atrophy , leaving you with the intelligence of a flea . I 'm telling you this for your own safety , because I care . So long
 There is far too much praise for Santana 's album . After his first release , Smooth , I loved him too , but ever since he has failed to deliver . Why you may ask . It 's because of his duo partners . Rob Thomas consistently ranks amongst the top of the charts with Matchbox 20 . Pairing with Everlast and Eagle-eye Cherry has seen his releases not make it back into the Australian top 20 , and this is the same place where those artists have generally been found . I was very disappointed with the rest of the album , and the second star only comes because of how good Smooth is .
 DUDE , THIS CD WAS LIKE A REAL DOWNER YOU KNOW . I WAS EXPECTIN MORE EVIL WAYS AND BLACK MAGIG WOMEN . THIS IS NOT THE SAME GROUP ANYMORE . DUDE , THIS IS TRASH
 this is ok for a quick listen , but its nothing compared to santana 's earlier albums . people who like modern pop will like this , but longtime santana fans will be disapointed his music is diluted with pop culture singers .
 Santana seems to make money from the sales all because of his featured guest 's singing talents . All he seems to do is just play the electric guitar while ruining the song when there 's no vox.Even though the songs are good due to other artists , do n't waste your money on this album and put more change in his pocket .
 One word says it all and I sure dont mean the group with that name . This is a great album for the teeny boppers
 Very disappointing ! An artist of Carlos Santana 's caliber does not need mediocre guest stars to make a satisfying album . The only tracks that work are the ones that he is able to stretch out and play his urgent guitar solos . Consider this a sellout for the youth market .
 Very briefly ... for me , this album just did not measure up to the early Santana albums . All of those great , dark Latin rhythms and energies just do n't show up in this collection of pop tunes .
 Highly overrated . The only song worth listening to is `` Smooth '' . After all the hype , and all the Grammy awards it won , I was expecting much more . It was a real letdown .
 How many times do they have to play `` Smooth '' on the radio ? 100 ? 1,000 ? For some REAL Santana , listen to some of his work around the `` Open Invitation '' era . Supernatural sounds like the Backstreet Boys produced it .
 I was a Santana fan back in the 70 's , and greatly enjoyed his music . With all the Grammy hype , I eagerly bought and looked forward to this CD . How DISAPPOINTING . It was not at all what I expected . Everyone likes `` Smooth '' ... but in my opinion , that is the only song on this CD worth listening to .
 For an artist whose career has been characterized , in my view , by a consistent dedication to the quality of his music , this piece of drek is a huge disappointment.The Amazon reviewer got it right ... this cd is a blatant attempt to appeal to the lowest common denominator . And in the current abysmal musical climate , the results are predictably bland and uninspired . The best song on the cd is the utterly mediocre duet with Rob Thomas , and it goes downhill fast after that . No wonder it was so sucessful at Grammy time .
 I ca n't believe that such a well respected , and talented band would stoop to recording with ROB THOMAS . While this may be the pinnacle of Rob 's career , I would consider it the low point for Santana . The fact that it has become so popular is sad . Santana has almost betrayed its roots as an inspired and ORIGINAL jam band of the late 60 's and early 70 's . `` Supernatural '' lacks almost all of the bands former jam inspiration and has resorted to good marketing and the naivete of the listening commutity for success . If anyone wants to hear real Santana ... uncorupted , check out `` Live at the Fillmore ' 68 '' .
 I really like Santana , but this album does n't do much for me . Just adding some of the newer artists such as Everlast and Dave Matthews and the God-awful Lauryn Hill , does n't mean you should run out and buy this . Let the fifteen year olds buy this album because their favorites are on it . Carlos is good , but this album just sort of confuses most REAL Santana fans . It 's okay , but not more than two stars , and that 's being really nice ... `` all star '' music CD 's do n't ever impress me anyway , especially this one .
 What 's next ? Leslie West featuring Eminem ? Like a prior reviewer , I purchased this on a recommendation . Is there a lesson here?And yes , he still plays beautifully so calling this a waste of time is a bit of a stretch . But only a bit .
 I got the Santana CD just over the weekend and I 'm not completely satisfied with my purchase . I had already heard the Everlast , Dave Matthews , and the Rob Thomas songs before , which is why i wanted to buy it because i really liked them . However , those are the only good songs on the CD . The Lauryn Hill song is just bad , and adding a lot of guitar does n't help the problem . Unless you really like Santana and his squealing guitar , do n't buy it . This cd is for people who enjoy 4 minute `` jam sessions '' and random melodies only !
 carlos is better than this.his talent far outlast the flavor of the day the record company essembled for him.rob thomas , everlast , dave matthews are all wack.lauyrn hill and wycliff just gave him the same song.eagle eye did n't bring nothing new to the table.check out the santana brothers and live at the fillmore for the real and his early 70 's releases .
 Igive credit to the artists for their dedicated effort but Iwould not purchase the CD.I dont hear anything extremely exciting & it doesnt make me feel musically motivated ! . I prefer the old Santana music ! .
 I 'm sorry to say and sad to report that I really ca n't stand this cd . I do n't like any of the `` guests '' with the exception of E.C. of corse but even that track was nothing special.the other tracks of traditional santana songs lacked the `` fire '' that carlos is know for and it all sounds to much like his old stuff . after who knows how many `` best of '' realeases i was looking forward to a new cd but it 's pretty much the same thing just under a different name.i 'm sure aristia wanted to boost his sales with all the named guests but for me i 'll take the old santana anyday of the week .
 This album finds a once great guitarist trying to find an audience with the wrong people . He wrongly aimed for the pop-trash , MTV , radio-play bulls ** t. I believe that he may still be a great guitarist and might be able play excellent music , but this CD does n't support that . If you want hardcore Santana
 for a new disc the audio has little dynamicrange and freq.range limited.did not understsnd why rap was on this disc?i have 2 early santana disc that soundsmuch better
 After many years of making some great music , but never getting recognition from anyone but his loyal fans -LRB- I guess that was n't enough -RRB- , Carlos Santana sells out with this album that is full of alternative singers from other bands . Although Santana still has some magic in his guitar , it seems as if he only cared about the fame and money in this poor excuse for a cd . This should be filed under s , not for Santana but for Sellout .
 Goodwill special sum 's up thisdeal I got . This was one lameturkey . That 's all I got to say about that .
 Need it be said ? Carlos Santana , in a pact with Satan and Clive Davis , has sold his soul for a great deal of money and false adulation . If Santana had released a legitimate collection of music that they had written and performed as a band MINUS the MTV current guests , a whopping 100,000 copies would have been picked up by what 's left of the Woodstock generation who still buy CDs and that would have been that . Instead we have a `` resurgence '' and `` long-earned-yet-denied-respect . '' Yeah , whatever . Check back in two years and see how relevant Santana is then .
 I heard the album and I did not hear anything special about it . I would surmize that this `` Latin '' thing has something to do with the so-called success of this corporate product . Santana decides to go commercial with the `` in-thing '' , and the music industry promotes the heck out of it . The grammies is the perfect medium for it . Pop music today is so predictable and full of `` untalented-wannabes '' Santana , you really messed-up on this one ...
 I know a lot of people are going to disagree with me , but I did not get why this album won so many Grammys . I 'm sorry , but this is some of Santana 's poorest work . Out of all his albums this is BY FAR the WORST ! Why do I want to pay for a Santana album to hear other people sing?Sorry , but if you are going to buy a Santana album , do n't make it this one!I give this one star for his somewhat effort on `` Smooth '' .
 Sad . Very Sad . Its not that this is the worst album ever made , but that there are so many people buying this album . 7.4 million coPIES ! I have lost all faith in the buying public . Maybe 2 mil , but not 7 mil . Please . If you want quality , yet emotional and genious music , then I highly recommend the new Smashing Pumpkins album , Machina the Machines of God . EVery song on this album is much MUCH better than Smooth or Maria , Maria . Just trust me on this one , you WONT be dissapointed . Thanks .
 this is the worst album i 've EVER heard ... i have to listen to the monotonous ` smooth ' at my work every 2 hours -LRB- no joke -RRB- . i am sick of it and santana has no talent . i wish he would stop making albums soon ... and he did n't deserve any of the grammy awards he `` won '' . the only reason he received the awards is because he is an old , washed up musician and people feel sorry for him . he needs to take lessons from brittany spears ! she knows how to rock !
 Okay , this CD has been number one long enough . I 'd hate to say it , but this CD stinks . Santana gets all the credit when it 's Rob Thomas , Lauryn Hill , etc. that deserve it . He 's needs to give it UP ! There are a lot more derserving artists that have more talent that need to be number one . I mean , I like Smooth as much as the next guy , but it 's getting old !
 I HATE SMOOTH AND EVERYTHING ABOUT IT ! WAY TOO PLAYED OUT . DONT BE BRAIN WASHED BY THE MEXICAN GOVERNMENT ! SAVE YOURSELF ! thank you .
 I bought this CD based on the hype it received for winning the Grammy . It 's now roadkill on the side of a Georgia interstate . This was one of the worst albums I 've ever heard .
 Love of my Life , Smooth and the other songs you hear on the radio everyday are as good as ever . It is the rest of the CD that I found extremely disappointing . Kind of like when you see the previews for a new comedy movie and the only good parts are the previews !
 this album is so bad ! i ca n't believe this guy gets all this credit ! he only plays the gutair ! come on people ! buy anything but this album !
 do n't buy it.unless you like rap , and/or speak spanish.the only good track is `` forget about it '' . the rest of the albumn is nauseating .
 I do n't know how anyone can think that this album is in anyway quality material . The fact that it is up for a Grammy leaves me speechless and in shock . ` Supernatural ' sounds just like the same stuff Santana put out 20 years ago . I am not saying that he is not an incredible guitar player , it is just the same ol' stuff . ` Smooth ' with Rob Thomas is the ONLY good song on there ; every other song makes you hit fast forward , especially that one with Lauryn Hill -LRB- what were they thinking ! -RRB- . For die-hard Santana fans , this album may please you , however I strongly recommend that anyone thinking the album is full of songs like ` Smooth ' should spend their money on something else .
 When Tina Turner made her comeback , she did n't rely on a bunch of `` guest stars '' . Anybody can go out and get a bunch of stars to guest on their album . The only reason why this album is selling is because of the guest stars and the Latin pop craze that 's going on these days . And the only reason why Santana won those Grammies is because the Grammy committee love to honor vets , especially those who score big comebacks . If you really want to hear Santana , stick with the older albums .
 Okay , so Santana traded his integrity for those little green slips of paper with important dead guys on them decades ago , so it 's no surprise he made out like a bandit by collaborating with the likes of Lauryn Hill , Dave Matthews and ROB THOMAS -LRB- why , Carlos ? WHYYYYYYY ???????????? -RRB- playing the MOST commercial stuff imaginable . I mean , who 's he gon na drag into the studio next ? Scott Stapp ? I hope not . That would be a dark day for Santana-dom . I know most kids my age were introduced to Santana via this album 's 65.7234 billion hits . Not me , though . While I heard Smooth and the like before any `` classic Santana '' , I did n't know it was by Santana at the time . So I was consciencelly exposed to ` Los through the classics
 I 've been a Santana fan ever since I was turned on to them in 1984 and consider Carlos & Co -LRB- and the various permutations of the band -RRB- one of my all-time favorite atrists . I was disappointed with SUPERNATURAL from the moment I listened to it . There is little on this album that is not re-manufactured pop , and it in no way highlights the exceptional musicianship or band interplay that Santana is known for . Songs like `` Maria , Maria '' and `` Turn Your Lights On '' are about as far from the classic Santana sound as one can get , and the entire collection of songs has the tired `` let 's - try-to-write-a-hit-single-and-make-some-big-money '' kind of feel.If you are seeking Santana at their pop best , check out `` Zebop '' or Beyond Appearances '' instead . If you want Santana at their very best , buy the first three albums and the `` LOTUS '' live album as each of these four are masterpieces . Avoid SUPERNATURAL .
 The fact is that without Rob Thomas , this would have been another overlooked Santana album . Since Matchbox had waited so long to release another album , people were willing to buy this to get a fresh track from Rob . `` Smooth '' gets 5-stars . Most of the rest gets 1-star . Average
 If you really love the good old Santana just do n't spend your money . That 's shame for the great misician . Black Sabbuth sold their souls for r 'n' r. Carlos did it for rap and money . So sad ...
 Absolutley the worst garbage to hit the musice industry since ricky martin , the backdoor boys , and n sick . what next ...
 This cd is way over-hyped . It 's trite and the lyrics are unbearingly predictable . It 's commercialism to the max . and any integrity is totally watered down to appeal to a broad mass of pseudo-spritualists . It reminds me of Madonna 's album which was supposed to be about enlightenment and her discovering spirituality . Oh please . . This cd is a sell-out and is to spirituality what Britney Spears is to pop music.This cd makes me want to vomit !
 I fell for the hype and I have regretted it . If you want to listen to Carlo 's sublime riffs you are much better off listening to his old albums . The lyrics on this one -LRB- although not by the `` icon '' himself - he just cashes in big time . . -RRB- make me think of either some guy that never got off the LSD trip he took once back in the 70 's or of someone who suddenly found out he suffers from an incurable disease and - too late - decides that life is all about love and light and `` Whoo-aohaha hey lala '' -LRB- yes they sing this . . -RRB- - It 's simply too much ...
 The first point I will make is that Carlos Santana is an amazing talent and one of the best guitar players to ever live ... but this album is just a marketing strategy designed to use Santana 's style and musical credibility and mix it with an MTV-friendly sound and thus sell millions of records . As we all know it worked like charm . Yet this album is a mediocre musical accomplishment . Santana 's style and the style of whoever the guest artist is does never really congeal into one in any track of this album , save a few exceptions . And it is a real shame bacause Santana 's talent and a few fresh ideas is all you need to a great record . No necessity to invite every trendy MTV performer to play with you .
 I can imagine some record producer telling Carlos Santana to use a variety of recording artists from several music disciplines to boost the audience appeal of this album . Santana took this advice and created an album that appeals to no one in general . I liked 2-3 tunes very much but I find that I must skip over the majority of the disc as it is not something I find a delight to hear . Carlos Santana was not a rapper and I do n't find the fusion of his work with rap to be of value . I would have preferred that he take one genre and built an entire CD around it rather than jam several into one .
 Who awarded this `` Album of the Year '' ? One great song does n't make one great album . He 's still playing the same solo 25 years on . So what 's the difference - marketing ! If you want the real thing , buy Abraxus .
 The songs on this CD are all very repetitive . The lyreics are repeated over and over and each song sounds the same . The small amount of good touch in these songs are produced and prformed by other . This is the worst Santana CD I have heard . I would expect more from Carlos . Fans of Santana do n't buy this or you wo n't be a fan for much longer .
 Although Santana is a good guitar player , the only reason this CD got air play and won loads of Grammys it did n't deserve is because -LRB- a -RRB- lots of pop stars to grab the young audience , and -LRB- b -RRB- the guy has been doing this for 40 years , and the Grammys are awards reserved for washed up veterans who try to mount a comeback , or for new bands that will only have one good song -LRB- the Oscars do the same thing
 Is this Santana or a bunch of other artists . It seems they took the commercial safe way out on this one - thinly disguised as contemporary cultural melange . Pugh . Santana by himself has more soul and integrity .
 This album is just another great example of how pop and top 40 music is taking over the woorrllddd !! I 'm fifteen years old and have liked Santana ever since my parents played it for me . So , when I heard all the talk about his new album and how great it was supposed to be , I thought to myself , ` Hey ! Maybe I should go out and buy that ! ' So I did . Oh dear . I look at the track listing , and EIGHT of the thirteen songs are `` featuring '' another artist . Weeeee ! It 's too bad that those songs are n't any good . Most of the songs that have gotten air time on the radio sound NOTHING like Santana , and a lot like they should be on the featured artist 's album . I give this album two stars for the songs that are n't featuring anyone , like Yaleo and Africa Bamba . If you want good music , get Abraxas or Santana or Moonflower . If you want stuff that sounds like everything else out there , buy Supernatural !
 Before anyone sends me hate mail saying that if I write another review they 'll crucify me , let me explain . I admire Carlos Santana . I think he 's one of the most reputable and successful artists today and his album is deserving of any and all accolade . The qualms I have with this album are n't really palatable in a musical sense but they are in a nostalgic one . Santan is known for playing LIVE . Now I know that this is a poor excuse to give 2 stars to such a great album but listen , Carlos Santana is like a magician with the guitars . His shows dazzle , amaze , and even stupify the audience into an addictive stupor of sound and Spanish beats . When I listened to this album , I did n't hear Santana , I heard Santana on cd . It was like somebody had douced the musical fire by asking him to come into the studio for some sessions . I will not lie , there are stand-out tracks but even with this I have qualms
 Have always thought of Santana as one of the best guitatist and song writers.This Cd has nothing to it.Bring back the old Santana , the one that opened up for three dogg night and Canned heat at the Filemore East back in 68 . I was there at there first show ever on the east Coast.Bill Grhamn would roll over in his grave if he ever heard this garbage ,
 Supernaturual is more of a Carlos Santana then a Santana album since it includes none of the orignial members of Santana except for Carlos Sanatana . The music on here is pretty good but it just doesent have the same sound as from there first three albums , plus why the heck does it include guest vocals from Dave Matthews and Everlast ? , What was Carlos Santana thinking because there vocals bassicly ruined the songs they sung on . The albums moods range from jazzy , latin rock , and latin pop . Songs like , `` Maria Maria '' , are horrible and dont even sound like Santana also songs like , `` Do You Like The Way '' , `` African Bamba '' , and `` Smooth '' , just are latin pop songs that do not deserve a place on a Santana album . I still dont get why so many people say this one of the best Santana albums whereas in my opinion its not really that good at all . Yet this album does hold up some gems like , '' -LRB- Da Le -RRB- Yaleo '' but thats about it . So if you want to pick up some real Santana pick up there first three albums .
 ... he 's pretty good , his only really good song is Smooth , the reason he 's not to popular is that you go out and buy his new album just to fund out he just released 12 more , I mean come on , this guy has over 60 albums out in just America alone !
 Okay , I admit , I should have known I would n't like this CD . I only knew a couple of the older Santana songs , so I guess I was n't really familiar with his sound . But , I bought this one anyway . After I listened to it twice -LRB- had to give it a second chance -RRB- , I sold it to a used CD store . Oh well , live and learn ...
 This album is on of the best examples of music prostitution of an artist in need of money and/or willing get his glory back . Just get the old stuff .
 I do n't get the hype . I 've played this several times . I 've started in the middle of the CD . I 've played one song at a time . And I still do n't get it . This is not good music . Caveat emptor ! Mr. Santana , who used to be a premier guitarist , has now resorted to performing with artists who give themselves juvenile names like `` Eagle Eyed Cherry '' . Well , Mr. Santana . It is time to grow up .
 Well , I wo n't be surprised if I see Carlos on MTV as background for some spice girls , rickky martin , some rappers , DJs etc. . Carlos , you got new fans , but you 've lost a bunch of old faithful ones . However , your new fans will forget you as they have been forgeting their other idols shortly . I was Santana fan . But I 'll never buy any new Santana 's album again . I do n't want to be disappointed as well and waste my money . Enjoy your new status of MTV star and new fans !
 The songs by the Santana band just by themselves are great , the guest appearances however are awful -LRB- with exception of The Calling w/Eric Clapton -RRB- . If you really want this , make a tape or a Mini Disc of the good stuff from someone else 's CD and save your money . Go and buy Abraxas instead . I 'll give Supernatural two and a half stars based on the Santana-only tracks .
 When I heard Santana I was really expecting a good cd , but I was very disappointed with this.The collaborations seemed to be so commercial and superficial it is n't funny . Like he wanted to make some money fast.If you know Santana , you would know that he is a very good musician , but this album does him no justice . I would n't invest the money in this . It 's just not worth it . Sure it sells , but so do BackStreet Boys . I wonder who are the type of people buying this music and thinking it 's so wonderful . I feel sorry for them . Invest your money in a past Santana cd instead , you 'll be infinitely more satisfied .
 Remember Santana ? Really hot in the 70 's . Played at the original Woodstock . Well , he did n't really make it until this year when pop stations began squeezing his tunes between Brittany Spears and N'Sync . Now I think he 's hosting Nickelodian 's Teen Choice Awards with that other Latin hunk Ricky Martin . I hope Santana 's original fans are as forgiving as his new fanbase is shallow .
 Maria Maria is cool . The restyou can find in file 13 . Heis like some singers who isa one good song singer .
 The only good song is smooth by Rob Thomas . The rest is as I said flavorless . Do n't waste your money . It 's a cd adults would like not teens . I should have wait for the `` Smooth '' single .
 There have been five reviews already on this and if you look at the dates on the first three , they posted their comments before the CD had even been released . I 'm buying this for my wife today . I base my decision on the last two reviews , since those folks have listened to the CD . But , c'mon , folks . Do n't post a review if you have n't heard the CD !
 After listening to this cd , I found it no different than other Santana cd 's over the past 20 years , other than the parade of headliners.In truth , when Tom Coster left the band , Santana 's weakness in composing was sorely exposed , and we got an endless series of surupy , uninspired pop music.I believe Carlos ' intentions are sincere , but extremely naive about the power of music to transform lives.However , we are living in decadent times with nothing really to inspire people . I believe he has missed the point that art inspires , not juvenile lyrics or gimmicks.Carlos needs to get back to that premise , and what he has learned from Miles Davis , Wayne Shorter , and John Coltrane , for they will not be forgotten .
 I fell for the hype and I have regretted it . If you want to listen to Carlo 's sublime riffs you are much better off listening to his old albums . The lyrics on this one make me think of either some guy that never got off the LSD trip he took once back in the 70 's or of someone who suddenly found out he suffers from an incurable disease and - too late - decides that life is all about love and light and `` Whoo-aohaha hey lala '' -LRB- yes his sings this . . -RRB- - It 's simply too much ...
 I think this cd does not represent SANTANA . Other cds like samba pa ti are very better
 Maria Maria she remind of Santanas worst album singing with wyclef and all the horrible artist of today.I am suprised there aint any duets with 98 degrees
 I really have n't listened to much of Santana ... and I 'm glad . What 's so great about this album ? Or maybe I should ask , why is his name on it ? I ca n't stand `` Smooth '' or that other new song . Please , someone explain to me what makes this guy such a `` talented '' musician ! -LRB- yanksarethebest@hotmail.com -RRB- p.s. I would 've given 0 stars if it were possible .
 I have and always will listen to the OLD Santana from the 70 ` sand maybe even early 80 's . Santana has been through 16 differentmakeovers , and he 's finally decided to go solo - almost . Carlos has teamed up with the biggest radio-wonderboys alive . This album did not deserve a single grammy.I URGE ANYONE WHO IS NEW TO THE SANTANA EXPERIENCE , OR A SANTANA VETERAN - DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM . IT IS A DISGRACE TO LATIN ROCK .
 I go in a record shop on saturday and ask Joe me question . what you think I like . SAntana . Me say 's Me never heard of santana . But me get anyway . It ok . But me say 's as fiona says he need paper bag .
 I have loved your music since the 60 's ! You were the last true holdout , the artist who put style and work over corporate America ! No more , even with your magnificent work in the Latin numbers on this CD , once you introduced the modern artist -LRB- and I use modern artist loosely -RRB- , the album went from 5 stars to 2 stars ! I guess you needed the money , otherwise you would not have sold out to attract the younger dollar , but then again , it is all about greed is n't it ? Too bad , you were one of the few left that I thought was pure magic and like all fairytales , yours is another one with this CD that has an unhappy ending !
 It 's true my friend Penny ask me to buy this cd on Sunday . I said no way . I wont do it . So she buy 's it and play 's it on the way to her place . I told her to shut it off . I do hate this guy who comes out over the blue and does and album and then at the award 's show , takes and award from The Dixie Chick 's . The best female band ever . You may now wonder if my friend Penny turned it off . She did it , but she was mad .
 I was in a department store today , and I heard a cut from this cd.I guess they thought it was good elevator music too .
 Every thing on this CD is HORRIBLE ! Nothing is good on this CD . It 's totally garbage . Suggest you should leave this one on the shelves and pick up some different CD 'S .
 Okay , Santana is this old guy who thinks he has some sort of guitar talent . He feels special now because of his number one album and number one single of 1999 ... WELL WHO DO YOU THINK CAUSED ALL OF HIS SUCCESS ? His success is all from the souful song-writing and lyrical stylings of Rob Thomas . No other person could have written such a gorgeous , touching song ; Santana tries to play up to Rob 's standards but fails considerably . The only reason to buy this album is to get the full version of `` Smooth . '' However , I do not recommend doing so because by buying the single , you help Billboard sales and the only thing missing is some of the terrible guitar playing of Santana . If you like `` Smooth , '' buy matchbox20 's album `` Yourself or Someone Like You '' and wait with me for their new album early next year ! I gave the one star for Rob Thomas only ! Long live King Rob Thomas : -RRB-
 I thought this was half good -LRB- and the converse -RRB- . I was ready for more . Santana is awesome . Thought the Clapton track a bore , the Wyclef track marginal and found myself skipping to the more traditional latin sounding tracks . This should win the grammy -LRB- have you seen what it is up against ? -RRB- which shows how meaningless that is .
 I am a huge fan of instrumental Santana , and there is only some of that here . I think all of the guest singers kind of break the momentum because the styles jump back and forth with no flow . To truly experience Santana , see him in concert , without all of the singing . Kind of dissapointing result overall
 We want the old Santana , not one who collaborates with the awful Whitey Ford , the even worse Lauryn Hill , a whiny Dave Matthews or a whinier Eagle Eye Cherry . Bring back the Woodstock-Era Carlos . Santana plays a minor part in this album , over shadowed by these so called singers , except Clapton . Terrible .
 I have been a fan of Carlos Santana since the Abraxas days and while this offering seemed exciting it did not live up to previous examples . I felt he was trying to emulate BB King 's `` Twins '' album and fell way short . Santana is capable of more and will have to do better to get my attention and dollars !
 Good for Santana for putting out a new album and all , but some people just need to know when to hang up their guitars and go home.After listening to this album , you get the feeling that this album should be credited to `` Santana AND FRIENDS '' , not the man himself . It seems he is responsible for maybe 10 percent of the album - simply supplying a repetitively hypnotic , wailing guitar solo throughout each track.The music is decent - I was a big fan of `` Smooth '' until I heard it for about the 80-millionth time , and now I 'm completely burned out on it - I ca n't stand it . All in all , it seems like all of the guest apperances are either one -LRB- or both -RRB- of two things - 1 -RRB- to cover up the fact that Santana 's skill as a musician is waning , and adding a fresh new talent to his latino jug band will help spice up the sound , or 2 -RRB- a shameless and desperate attempt to get a hold in the Gen-X demographic , a demographic that has never really been responsive to Santana 's music in the first place . Well , I 've never been a huge fan of Santana -LRB- I think he 's very overrated -RRB- , so this review could be considered bias - if you like the guy , go buy the album , you 'll like it too . But us Led Zeppelin/Aerosmith/Hendrix / AC/DC guys are n't gon na get much of a kick out of it .
 How much more can be said about this CD ? Me being a huge Santana fan and all ... I CAN NOT STAND THIS CD ! Alright that was definatly a little harsh . First of all I am glad Carlos won so many grammys what was it 8 ? I 'll take those 8 give 2 a peice to `` Santana '' through `` Caravanserai '' that seems fair ... because this did not deserve a grammy . At least not in the terms that his albums from the 70 's did n't get their just do.For those of you looking to go out and buy more Santana after getting drawn in by the pop tracks of this album ... let me clue you in . . this is NOT Santana.This is a compilation of an Everlast song , a Dave Matthews song , a Matchbox 20 song , a Eric Clapton worthless gutiar solo mixed in with a church orchestra -LRB- OH JOY ! -RRB- , a Eagle Eye Cherry song , a Lauryn Hill song , a Ghetto and Blues -LRB- ? -RRB- song , and a Mana song . The entire CD is infected with the ideals of a bunch of god awful pop artists who only USED Carlos to get a guitar track down . I 'm suprised he got a mention on his own album . Carlos does get 4 or 5 tracks to use how he likes -LRB- GOD BLESS YOU UNCLE CLIVE ! -RRB- but somewhat wastes them on unmotivated playing . The hidden `` Freedom '' track is always nice though I 've heard it before.The whole album is put out there to make money by throwing a bunch of stars together with Carlos before he lost his appeal . This is the master plan of Clive Davis . Now no matter what Carlos says about Clive , I refuse to belive Carlos Santana wants to be playing pop music . If Carlos Santana was in the buisness for fame he would n't have thrown away the public appeal of the Santana band in 1972 when he made the spiritual recording `` Caravanserai '' . Nor would he have played with John McGlaughlin in the 80 's . One of the main reasons I like Carlos is because he always had a reason , a motivation to be playing . If Carlos Santana wanted to make a spiritual record he would put his heart and soul into it , and if you liked it great , if not fine it was all about what Carlos wanted anyway . I just feel this was n't his choice , he was thrown into a pop album just to make him marketable again , and it comes through on his uninspirational playing.Oh well gripes aside . The instrumental `` Santana '' tracks are ok . Everlast 's song is my favorite on the album , its deep and has a good message . The Dave Matthews track is just another stupid love song I can do without . Rob Thomas ' song is a song I never want to hear again . Lauryn Hill 's is ok I guess , but this is Carlos Santana ... playing a rap song ? That Maria Maria song is a rap song that wishes it had the heart to be a soul song , Carlos isi n't even needed on the song . . he plays a couple drowned out solos throughout the song . The Eagle Eye Cherry track `` Wishing It Was '' is not as good as `` Put Your Lights On '' but certainly a step above the other pop tracks . And the Clapton song is tres disapointing.Overall its a average CD as far as modern day music goes and I guess it fits right in . But for Santana this is his worst , and Santana tried a lot of things.If you are a a new fan of Santana because of this album and are looking for more . . there is none . If you are a fan of the REAL Santana and are thinking about picking this up please pass it up .
 Sri Chinmoy says : To serve and never be tired is loveTo learn and never be filled is devotionTo offer and never to end is surrenderLove is man ' realityDevotion is man 's divinitySurrender is man 's immortalityReality is all-pervadingDivinity is all-elevatingImmortality is all-fulfillingCarlos has lost his heart and his soul . No more spirits dancing in hid flesh .
 do n't be fooled
 My wife bought this CD for me after the Grammy awards . I must say that I am extremely disappointed with it . I have enjoyed Santana 's music ever since Woodstock although I am not a hard-core fan . I can only listen to one or two tracks before turning it off . I have worked my way through it four times , but can not find much to rave about . The straight Santana tracks are OK , but the collaborations are drivel -LRB- even Clapton -RRB- . Maybe I just do not understand the current music scene . Neither genre on any of the cuts finds anything new or innovative in the joint effort . They just seem to be singing -LRB- ? -RRB- or playing at the same time . It is oil and water to me . Carlos , now that you are making the big bucks , do it right with people who care about your music and you theirs .
 A friend who bought this CD told me not to purchase it because it was not up to Carlo 's usual standards . Thinking she could n't possibly be right I went ahead and bought it - I was truly dissapointed . There are only a few tracks worth listening to ! Save your money !
 The only reason this album is doing well is because the lead singer from Matchbox 20 does a gig with them Were it not for him this album would be at the bottom of the pile . Sorry , this album just plain sucks ... . Santana does 90 's music like Rod Stewart did disco - How Original ! PLEASE !!!!! If you ca n't write your own style of music -LRB- i.e. Aerosmith , Rolling Stones , Def Leppard -LRB- New Album -RRB- , Great White -LRB- New Album -RRB- - All of which have newer music and great tunes -RRB- and release it when it may be out of it 's time , then you are n't true to your fans .
 My apologies to all of you who may worship this CD but there is much better stuff out there . With the exception of the incredibly-overplayed single , `` Smooth '' this album is an absolute bore with nothing but a smattering of light Latin pop tunes . THIS IS NOT ROCK ! If you are rock fan , then do n't bother buying this . The Red Hot Chili Peppers put out a fantastic album this year -LRB- Californication -RRB- and should have received more awards than they did ; as should have many other artists . The Recording Academy is a poor judge of music and always likes to make Grammy night a one-man show . If you have not bought this CD yet , then may I recommend that you do not . Do n't get sucked into the Grammy hype ; buy what you know is truly good music .
 I was listening to some of the tracks and I could n't bear the predictability of the upcoming lyrics . I had to stop the cd , I can only listen to it in 5 minute intervals . It 's over-done , but you know with all things , you have to overdo it if you want to become commercial , and that 's too bad because all the integrity and artistry is gone ... zippo ... But if you like commercial shmaltz , go ahead ... eat it up ... have a ball ... go crazy with Backstreet Boys , Britney and and the rest of the gang ... -LRB- of course I 'm exaggerating , but the scarey thing is ... I 'm not exaggerating all that much -RRB- Bottom line ... Do n't buy . You 'll be sorry you did . Trust me .
 Okay , my dad was all `` Go listen to Santana ! '' so I did . I mean , WOW!What is this stuff ? Is there such thing as 0 stars ? Sorry if you like it , but to me it sounds like a bunch of old guys strummin ' on guitars . I AM NOT A HYPOCRITE !
 Being a member of the age group who grew up listening toSantana in the late 60 's & 70 's , I purchased `` Supernatural '' without hearing so much as a single note of the great Santana 's latest work . After listening intently to `` Supernatural '' three times , and reading the raves of others who have , I come away saying `` I do n't get it . '' I am genuinely disappointed by this work . To be sure , the virtuoso guitar licks of Santana are there , but I find myself struggling to hear them as they are overwhelmed by the over-produced morass of pop based arrangements that fill this CD from first track to last . The hot , raw energy that has infused so many Santana piece prior to this is missing from the bulk of this CD , when it is present , it sounds left behind and muted . I ca n't escape the notion that the producers of this CD sought to use Santana 's vast talent as the basis for showcasing more recent artists work of Rob Thomas & Dave Matthews , rather than these newcomers appearing in support of the Masters return . I earnestly hope that if Santana does a follow-up record , he is left alone to do what he does so well
 Well , I do n't like it . I have a lot of respect for Santana , even if was not a great fan oh his previous albums . But this one definitely smells too much the marketing stuff of the big production firms . Use the brand -LRB- the name and the sound -RRB- to sell something new . I knew the famous hit , and I did n't like it . Just a matter of sound . When I heard the album , I was feeling miserable . There is no inspiration . It really is a sad success . I definitely feel more comfortable with goa experimentation . There I feel some common musical roots with Schubert , Puccini , Charlie Parker , Pink Floyd , Keith Jarrett or Oasis .
 Santana did n't write any of the songs on this album . He did n't sing them either . What DID he do ? Well , he contributed a guitar solo . Woo hoo hoo . I 'm not really saying this album is BAD -LRB- there are a few good songs on it -RRB- , but this is n't a Santana album in almost every possible way .
 if you want to hear santana , get one of their real albums like their live 1974 double cd set `` lotus . '' it 's incredibly good . also good
 this is strictly commercial album . It is a pitty and very ironic that Santana received bunch of Grammys for it . I would put it in the third dozen of all time Santana 's works .
 Anybody who is a real Santana fan knows that as a musician , he is much more capable of better work than this collection of kitch , with guests who wo n't be remebered 5 years from now . However ; I still love Santana 's heartfelt guitar , despite his composittional failings .
 This album is a mixed bag . Four tunes -LRB- Yaleo , Love of My Life , African Bamba and Smooth -RRB- are exceptional and worth the price of the album . However , I found the other tracks to be very uninspired and lacking in the powerful but tightly controlled energy which generally hallmarks Santana 's music and performances . They are not bad from a technical perspective , but they do n't really groove .
 I 'm extremely glad that Carlos got the recognition that he so belatedly deservs , at the Grammies and with the buying public in general , but for `` Supernatural '' ? Give me a break . I think he sold-out here , but I ca n't blame the guy for wanting to be commercially successful . Go get `` Blues for Salvador '' and make your own comparisons . Even his earliest group stuff sounds fresh today .
 I did not like this CD too much , It is not anywhere as good as abraxas or any of his other CDs . I dont think this CD is very good at all , the songs are all mostly bad . I would NOT recommend buying this CD , but abraxas is a old but very good album .
 These guys were on top of the world once . Now they 're just an average house band .
 The singer does n't sing , for goodness sake . He just talks . I guess that 's the band 's trademark , but I flat out hate it . I would n't really like the tracks if he had sung overtop of them either , because the whole album in general stinks . Do n't buy this CD . It 's unique , but unimpressive .
 The style of the Hold Steady gets old really fast ; the singer does n't even sing , he only talks while guitar goes on in the background . That sounded fine to me on the first song , but then I listened further and soon was getting bored with the repetitive nature of the songs . THe only song that pulls off this style is `` Fire Coming Out of the Monkey 's Head '' by Gorillaz , which has narration more than singing . Cake also is kind of more narration than singing but only slightly . Anyway , the Hold Steady are an awful band who will probably fade into nothingness soon seeing that only 20 people have bothered to review it on Amazon .
 I bought that last cd and it SUCKED ! The singer sings monotone the whole entire time and does n't have any variations of tone . The music is n't half bad , it is n't great , but it certainly is n't so good that i can ignore the lame-o singer . its just terrible terrible terrible . if you listen to anything that i say hear this
 Having played with music synthesizers and software for many years , I am familiar with a piece of software called Band in a Box where you choose a musical format -LRB- rock , country , etc -RRB- , a chord progression , press play , and the software acts like a backing band while you play the melodies . I ca n't help but think this album is the human version of this software program.Now I didnt think this way at first . I bought Separation Sunday after seeing the Hold Steady on a beer soaked early summer sunny day , so perhaps my early love of this album was because of the memories of 80 degree heat after a long Minnesota winter . Having listened to the album around 10 times now , all sentimental value has been replaced with a yearning to shut my stereo off to stop the shouting . ** SO ** often about some PARTY somewhere , nearly in every song . -LSB- Wizard of OZ -RSB- CARS and BARS and PARTIES , oh my ! CARS and BARS and PARTIES , oh my ! -LSB- / Wizard of OZ -RSB- . I subconsciously wipe the spittle off my glasses whenever I pulled the CD out of my car 's stereo.Slowly , over these 10 listens , all I can hear from this album is what you would get if you chose the `` 70 's Rock '' backing in Band in a Box and sat in your room shouting.About parties.As of now , I am capable of only listening to `` Hoodrat Friend '' because it is the only song on the album that has a resemblance of singing . Kudos to the H.S. for letting a female contribute to the harmony on that song . Was she the reason that this song has a melody ? If so , I would encourage the H.S. to include her on more songs on the next album .
 When I reviewed The Hold Steady 's vomit-inducing debut album -LRB- Almost Killed Me -RRB- , I said that its follow-up - Separation Sunday - was a major improvement . I had n't listened to it that much , but it had to be , right ? I mean , even a solid BM is an improvement over diarrhea.Now that I have really listened to it , I find that I was partially right
 Then indeed it was a HORRIBLE year for music . This is one of the worst albums I 've ever had the misfortune of having to listen to . The singer - better to call him a blatherskite - does nothing but mumblespeak nonsense . There are a thousand bands like this playing small venues and bars all over , yet THIS is singled out as one of the BEST albums of 2005 ??!? After this cd was over I promptly took it out of the player and flipped it in the trash . What a waste . That anyone could listen to this cd more than once confounds me . The singer is nothing but a poor man 's poor man 's David Lowery -LRB- minus any ability to write clever lyrics -RRB- . It just goes to show that just because some people can turn on an amp , have cds pressed , and manage to get bookings does n't mean you have any talent .
 I ca n't beleive they would get a record deal !!! They ca n't sing , they ca n't dance . They are rude in interviews , the diss any respectable artist they can think of , and they 're NERDY ! You may say they are just having fun , but this horrendous music is not my idea of ` fun ' !! I would rather watch a Sunset Beach omnibous . It is THAT bad !! They will be gone before they know it , GONE !!
 I HATE THIS CD , IT 'S TOO ANNOYING.DAPHNE AND CELESTE ARE TWO UGLYJERKS , AND THEIR MUSIC IS SO BAD !!!!!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS CD , YOU WILL BEVERY DISSAPOINTED .
 Perhaps the most obnoxious bunch of human beings ever to grace a recording ; eclipsing such bands as bwitched , hanson and aqua to such a degree that even if you are slightly interested in pop music to any degree , this ` group ' of pre-pubsecent teens will make you cringe and perhaps ponder why pop music exists in the first place if people like Daphne and Celeste are able to make a buck off our generation 's terrible taste . The perky ` ugly ' is n't tongue in cheek , it is a rude obnoxious anthem to people who ar n't as beautiful as D and C , although not hard , these girls are obvisously very blind themselves . The other ` beautiful ' single
 Oh my god these girls SUCK ! I am visiting London , and made the mistake of going to a club where they played , and they had to stop the show because too many people were throwing stuff at them ! They are like the Spice Girls minus the talent , and we all know that the Spice Girls suck to begin with , so you can only imagine what Daphne & Celeste must sound like ! Perhaps if they lost the little girl act , wrote their own lyrics instead of making nursery school rhymes into songs , and took some voice lessons , they MIGHT have a chance ! Actually , I take that back ... they are hopeless no matter what they do !
 I have 4 words for y' all - Do n't touch this C.D ! The only uses for this C.D are as a doormat or a coaster ! It really is that hideous . If you still do n't believe me then let me break it down for you . 1 . -RRB- Ooh stick you - This is quite frankly a piece of crap . 2 . -RRB- School 's out - the new lyrics to this are absolute trash . D and C even say `` the prom king and queen are just a couple of clowns '' . Do i detect a hint of jealously cos they could NEVER get in with the in crowd.As for `` we ca n't read and we ca n't write '' . That 's one thing D and C are right about - they look and act like air heads ! . 3 . -RRB- U.G.L.Y - The person who wrote this song obviously had D and C in mind when they wrote this song , so yes quite frankly it is one of the all-time worst songs of the year . Overall i guess what i am trying to say is do n't buy these stupid girls stupid songs and keep stones in your bag to throw at them just in case you see them !
 I was very dissapointed in this CD by an overly-hyped band that should have probably stayed underground . There 's no music here , just failed attempts at showmanship . It takes much more than attitude and dopey costumes -LRB- I 've seen them live -RRB- to produce entertainment , and it takes much more than that to produce something interesting or memorable ... I had really hoped for something more evolved from this California dude ; I had been expecting his `` family '' orientation to give him some insight ...
 Well , by now everyone know that Rap-Rock/Rap-Metal/Nu-Metal trend is basically on it 's way out the door . -LRB- hed -RRB- PE may have had some infamy in it , but `` Blackout '' is basically their swansong . It 's pointless . Being compared to `` Broke '' and their self-titled , it 's nothing but filler . You see , what made -LRB- hed -RRB- PE 's first 2 albums so different is that there was a sense of sarcastic humor behind them ; A bunch of 30-something guys making fun of the whole Ozzfest bunch . They did a good job of it . I mean , who is going to take a singer like MCUD serious ? Com ` n. . . this guy gets up on-stage and puts burning incense stick in his hair and dresses in dopey-looking coveralls . These guys had humor . `` Blackout '' has nothing . It 's like they went in there and could careless about anything and worried more about getting drunk.Sorry MCUD ... you are not `` phat '' anymore .
 Be warned , this is not the kind of music that was meant to be listening to while thinking . If you think even a little while listening to Blackout , you might lose track of what you 're listening to because , let 's face it , there was n't much thinking behind this music.I 'm not going to compare this group to any other , for fear of insulting someone I would associate to Hed P.E. I 'm not even going to talk about the lyrics . They are as simple as lyrics can be on this kind of album where the singers only talk about themselves and how they are underrated ... -LRB- wait , I did talk about the lyrics ... -RRB- There 's nothing on Hed P.E. 's third album that you have n't already heard before . There 's nothing here that has n't already been done before , and done much better.OK , it is n't all bad . I actually like the frontman 's voice . It 's not perfect , but it fits well with the music . I also like the title track and the first single , Blackout . It 's got a lot of energy and it plays great in a party . While we 're talking about party , if you listen to your music when you 're very , very drunk , this album could be for you . And even then , I feel bad for you .
 This CD is a massive dissapointment . Hed P.E. has took a step back in the sound that made them popular ... Metal/rap ! In this Cd the group decided to just go with some boring rock beats and sub-par lyrics . The only song that is even worth listening to is Suck it Up and even that is not that great . I have been listening to Hed P.E. for years now and I am just so dissapointed with this last attempt . About a year ago I saw them live and they played some stuff from Blackout and everyone just kinda stood around . If your looking for a good Hed P.E. cd then go and buy Broke . That is the best cd from this group . The main reason that I do n't like this Cd is because of the lack of rap . What originally got me likeing Hed was the funny rap lyrics that they had . Now Im not a huge fan of Hip hop or rap but these guys some how made it work for me . But this album is just the opposite of what got me likeing them in the first place . If you want to hear a good Rap/Metal band and you already have Broke check out Bionic Jive , But if you like rock and dont care about the rap lyrics then get Blackout . But if you do n't have broke then get that cd instead .
 Woody Herman had a very good big band in the late 1950 's , when these recordings were made . Everest was an adventurous label , known for the fine sound quality of many of their releases . Unfortunately , the sound of this release has been compromised by how it was mastered for CD.When I first listened to this CD , I felt the sound was unnatural and fatiguing to listen to . I subsequently imported one of the tracks into my digital audio workstation , and the reason for the bad sound was clearly revealed
 Usually these songs produced as sort of theme songs to cheer on England at soccer 's World Cup Finals are treacly bland sort of knees up at the pub singalongs.For once the F.A. tapped into the youth scene and snagged New Order to do the tune . Only problem was this was 1990 and New Order was hardly relevant anymore . They could still churn out a tune but this is nothing special in the so-called soccer chant genre.Probably worth more as a collectors ' item for soccer fans than music fans as the band are `` helped '' out by England stars Peter `` I speak like I have marbles in my mouth '' Beardsley , John Barnes , Paul Gascoigne , Steve McMahon , Chris Waddle , Des Walker and , for some inexplicable reason , Australian and Liverpool player Craig Johnston .
 Oleander fails to make a big impact on this cd . I bought it just because ... well , they 're Oleander . I thought their first two cds were great -LRB- Unwind being the best -RRB- but Joyride just does n't come close to their first cds . `` Hands Off The Wheel , '' Oleander 's first single on this CD is nothing special ... its okay to listen to for a while , but just gets old quickly . The other songs are okay ... but I dont think any of them will be radio worthy . The only other song I liked on this album was `` Fountain & Vine . '' It has good lyrics and this song is the most polished . For the $ 12 I paid I say its not worth it .
 I tried to like the new Ataris sound , but I can not listen to something with no hooks . There are no songs that made me hit replay or think `` That was a great tune '' . I know bands have to evolve , but this far to much . I kept thinking that I was listening to Dishwalla instead of a great punk band . Rest in peace Ataris .
 After waiting nearly four years for the Ataris next album , I had admittedly high hopes going into `` Welcome the Night . '' Unfortunately , the four years was either not enough time or perhaps too much . My overall reaction to the album can probably be best described as boredom . To me , the album just lacks energy and punch . Yes , parts of it may be lyrically strong , but that does n't help much if it does n't grab you musically . It 's not a totally lost cause however -LRB- thus the two stars -RRB- with `` Connections are More Dangerous than Lies '' and `` Whatever Lies will Help You Rest '' being among the highlights . I know a lot of their diehard fans wo n't be happy with this critique , all I can say is that I really did go in wanting to like this album .
 Well , let me get this off my chest first
 not gon na lie , i was never a huge ataris fan but i still dug their sound . this new album doesnt seem to have any character . the whole cd just sounds like one monotone track , it all blends together and puts me to sleep
 This album is really unrecognisable as an Ataris record . I do n't know if a lot of good pop-punk bands feel their sound needs to mature as they get older , but this just is n't anywhere near as good as their older stuff.As with bands like Midtown and The Starting line , the Ataris have lost the catchiness and spring in their step that was so evident in their early material and have made a largely forgettable album here.If you 've never heard the band , buy `` Blue skies . . '' instead of this !
 The fact that it took me this long to write this shows how dissapointed I still am.I was really looking forward to the release of this disk . I loved `` Astoria '' although even though `` Kris '' was getting a little too poetic and pretentious already ; Sting is great but we do n't need another one . Especially one that does n't have the chops and songwriting ability that he does . Those qualities make Sting almost bearable ; although apparently there will never be another The Police disk . That 's when I stopped buying Sting.The fun , hooky , and personal stuff of Astoria and before seems to have dissapeared entirely . Now it 's `` Kristopher '' Rowe . When I first saw that in the credits before I even listened to it for the first time I thought , `` uh , oh , this does n't bode well '' . And I still wanted to like the disk ; Kris ' songs were such a huge part of my life before.I like strings in Rock . I like expanding boundries . I admire doing something different than before . But I do n't like mediocrity and dissapointment . It took 4 years to come up with this crap?Where are you Kris ? We want you back . There is plenty of `` serious , literary-ish , self-important '' artists out there ; I would rather have The Ataris back .
 I found this CD unlistenable the first time I listened to it and still dislike it . I went in with an open mind but it 's just terrible . I understand that you ca n't keep doing the same thing over and over , but this is just bad . The only CD release I can remember being as equally disappointed with was the last `` Useless ID '' CD .
 I really hate to bash this since I 've been a big fan over the years . I realize that you ca n't do the same thing forever , but you ca n't do this either . The fact that one lyric which repeats over and over requires the word `` terrible '' to be pronounced wrong in order to rhyme tells you everything you need to know . It 's ambitious , and they were a great band so we owed them a listen , but this thing is really dead on arrival . If you really really liked them and want them not to give up completely you can give this two stars .
 I was sitting here at my computer , listening to My So Called Life and thought , hm , I have n't seen what the Ataris were up to lately , and to my surprise , they just released a new CD , what are the odds ? So I gave it a listen , thinking I 'd hear the usual pop-punk songs , with a mix of the slower stuff , the usual Ataris . Now here I am , and I 'm really not sure what to think . Now , to be honest , I last saw the Ataris about 5 years ago while I was still in college -LRB- see , I am old -RRB- , and they put on an awesome show . Hearing them screaming Song 13 , and the awesomeness that is My Hotel Year . Now apparently there is a cult of Kris Roe , and I must say I 'm a little disappointed.I think that the problem with the Ataris , as with other bands , is there is a strong fight to keep the old fans with the old style of music , but also bring in new fans with something fresh . Unfortunately , after hearing how big Saddest Song got -LRB- relatively big at least -RRB- , I had a feeling we were going to be heading down the Green Day `` Time of Your Life '' path , and this record proved me right . Suddenly Kris has a deeper voice , there are no upbeat , bouncy songs , everything is serious and heartfelt , and honestly that 's not why I listened to the Ataris . If I wanted that , I 'd listen to Joy Division . I 'm not even really going to go into any specific songs , because none of then really stand out . They 're all very radio friendly , and will hit the emo kids as being deep and meaningful.Look , sooner or later we 're all forced to grow up . Kris and I are around the same age , and maybe part of the problem I have with this CD is that it 's forcing me to lose this ideal I had of what life used to be like . I 've watched No Doubt , Offspring , Blink , Incubus , Hoobastank , Unwritten Law etc. all completely change their songs , song styles , and even their point of view -LRB- Hoobastank , seriously , what is up ? -RRB- . The Ataris were the one band that I could count on to provide a little light listening after a long day , not have to be beaten over the head with Chris Carraba type lyrics . So enjoy this CD if it hits you , I 'll just sit in my corner listening to Look Forward to Failure , and remember how cool I am .
 I 've been a fan of The Ataris since `` Anywhere But Here '' came out . They 've never been my favorite band , but I 've always thought they wrote good songs , and followed their career . The new album reminds me of `` Ignorance is Bliss '' by `` Face to Face '' . The album was shunned by many because of a more mature sound . While I did n't care for it initially , I eventually came to realize how great the album truly is . People in general seem to be disappointed with the new direction the band is taking . I have no issue with that , I actually applaud it . I love bands like Swervedriver , My Bloody Valentine and Snow Patrol . The problem I have is the songs are long and boring . The only memorable part is the verse of `` Cardiff-By-The-Sea '' and that 's because it 's actually `` In Circles '' by `` Sunny Day Real Estate '' . I do n't mean to come off as harsh , but this album does very little for me . I 'll try to listen again in a couple months . Like `` Face To Face '' , `` The Ataris '' deserve a second chance -LRB- I actually hope I 'm wrong about this album -RRB- .
 Thats about the best thing I can say about it . I love the Ataris , and truly believed that So Long Astoria was a huge step forward for the band . The songs and melodies were still pop oriented , but the lyrical content had obviously matured in depth . There are songs on SLA that actually make me want to cry - songs like `` Unopened Letter to the World '' are beautifully real , something I can identify with and be proud of . And then theres this ... and the band is obviously going for a darker sound , but it seems they got lost along the way . Its like an album by a different band completely . Maybe that means Im not ` hardcore ' because I dont believe in every single thing they release , but Im not going to sacrifice my feelings and opinions to belong to a certain group of fans . I really do hope Kris Roe -LRB- whos a great guy -RRB- reads this and understands what Im saying - You can evolve and make a new record without losing the heart , soul , and spirit of your band . Better luck next time .
 Being an Ataris fan since the beginning , I was excited about their new album . I bought the last , and did not like their new sound but I hoped perhaps they would return to their roots with this album . I was wrong . No longer are they punk but alternative rock - completely different sound than the band I loved . I gave so long Astoria to my little sister as I will this one . I should have done a little more research but for anyone reading this and who liked the old , punk Ataris - this is not them . If you like the popular `` Alternative '' sound than this may be for you . I am just very dissapointed that I will never hear old Ataris sound that I liked again . .
 I 'm a huge Madonna fan , but this disc was a disappointment . The single version is barely different from the album version and the extended version is basically the single version repeated -LRB- MORE or less -RRB- . If you have I 'm Breathless and are not a Madonna fanatic , do n't bother with this disc .
 Definitely mastered from either a VHS or a LaserDisc , a blurry , smeary picture along with an extremely hissy soundtrack at raised volumes -LRB- the same with the CD enclosed in some issues -RRB- does not a pleasant viewing experience make ... P.S. . There is also a version called `` Soul Session '' on the cheapo Hudson Street label , BEWARE !!!
 Having bought every one of Ms. Cash 's recordings , regret doing so here . Introspective musings meaningless without an external frame of reference as played on a real hi-fi , thought car stereo merely muffled the lyrics but they seem neurotic . INTERIORS gone off the tracks . To the extent that lyrics can be deduced , one track appears to be about drug abuse cathartic power , another about incest or maybe pedophilia . A long-time truly fine artist has made a comeback after when she should have retired ; CDs are no place to work out inner demons illogically . Even the backing band had to stretch the circle of fifths beyond tunefulness . Not accessible to these ears , and I hate having to provide this analysis .
 Roseanne Cash long ago proved herself one of the finest singer-songwriters in any musical genre . Despite a couple of good cuts , however , `` Rules of Travel '' is little more than an echo of such stunning earlier albums as `` King 's Record Shop , '' `` Interiors , '' and `` The Wheel . '' John Leventhal 's production may be too glossy at times , but it 's often the only element that keeps you listening to the new songs at all . The numbers written by others are mostly formulaic , and Cash 's own compositions lack the biting insights into the politics of relationships and making peace with one 's past that have always sparked her best writing . The mild exceptions are the title track , which boasts a memorable chorus , and the lover 's challenge `` Closer Than I Appear . '' On the plus side , Cash is in fine voice -- maybe her finest ever . Let 's hope that the next album finds her back in top writing form as well .
 I 've been a big fan of Roseanne Cash for a number of years , wore out three copies of `` The Wheel '' on tape when I had a long commute . Maybe its unfair to compare this new one to her other albums but it 's just sort of bland . I was excited a few weeks ago when I read that she had recorded a new album , perhaps I was expecting too muchA couple of other things to mention
 I 'm a huge Madonna fan , but this disc was a disappointment . The single version is barely different from the album version and the extended version is basically the single version repeated -LRB- MORE or less -RRB- . If you have I 'm Breathless and are not a Madonna fanatic , do n't bother with this disc .
 Dead Air For Radios was great.Very accessible to listen to . You Go Now was good . Semi-accessible . Graveyard Mountain Home . ZZZZZZZZZ ... Wake me up when it 's over . I know it 's a concept idea to make a `` soundtrack '' to some obscure edu . film , but come on Kevin , save this for yourself and give us something to listen to -LRB- like more O.S.I. -RRB- .
 I do n't know if Kevin Moore was taking drugs in Turkey during the recording or what but ... this record is just terrible . What in the world ? Fans , be forewarned . This is not like the other records . Kevin doesnt even SING UNTIL TRACK 5 ! The other tracks are repetitious `` mood '' sounds and bleeps . some guitars and sparingly at that . I wouldnt even call the first and 4th tracks songs ! thier just ... sounds . I was really bummed out . I tried to listen to this and wanted badly to enjoy it but its just not what I hoped for . Nor a pleasant surprise . I 'm very sorry to say.This record has a very electronic , almost new age sound to it . Here 's the jist of the record . Its a concept album . Kevin found this obscure movie from 1955 called `` Age 13 '' . He then decided to write music TO THE FILM . Well , unless you watch the movie ... . its not going to make any sense . Well , unlike a soundtrack the music does not support itself . Basically , this is just a bad soundtrack . The idea is awesome . I was stoked when i read about . I anticipated some interesting songs and lyrical inspiration . Instead it got this New Age Yanni thing ... . I apologize , Kevin . But i think your artistic vision was far too self indulgent and way too unfruitful . Fans be aware of what your buying . LISTEN before you buy it . I wish i did ... . i could have saved 13 bucks .
 This is Kevin Moore 's second release -LRB- the first being Ghost Book -RRB- for the otherwise highly impressive Inside Out label . Both were recorded in Istanbul , Turkey , where Moore now resides and both are equally devoid of music . If you are a fan of Chroma Key 's first two albums and Moore 's work with OSI , you will most likely not enjoy this album . `` Graveyard Mountain Home '' is basically a 53-minute series of loops where Moore either drones incoherently or plays sparse instrumentation . Some may describe the melodic content as subtle but , in my opinion , it is completely absent . If you are seeking another `` Undertow '' or `` On The Page , '' look elsewhere . Utterly disappointing .
 I do n't know if Kevin Moore was taking drugs in Turkey during the recording or what but ... this record is just terrible . What in the world ? Fans , be forewarned . This is not like the other records . Kevin doesnt even SING UNTIL TRACK 5 ! The other tracks are repetitious `` mood '' sounds and bleeps . some guitars and sparingly at that . I wouldnt even call the first and 4th tracks songs ! thier just ... sounds . I was really bummed out . I tried to listen to this and wanted badly to enjoy it but its just not what I hoped for . Nor a pleasant surprise . I 'm very sorry to say.This record has a very electronic , almost new age sound to it . Here 's the jist of the record . Its a concept album . Kevin found this obscure movie from 1955 called `` Age 13 '' . He then decided to write music TO THE FILM . Well , unless you watch the movie ... . its not going to make any sense . Well , unlike a soundtrack the music does not support itself . Basically , this is just a bad soundtrack . The idea is awesome . I was stoked when i read about . I anticipated some interesting songs and lyrical inspiration . Instead it got this New Age Yanni thing ... . I apologize , Kevin . But i think your artistic vision was far too self indulgent and way too unfruitful . Fans be aware of what your buying . LISTEN before you buy it . I wish i did ... . i could have saved 13 bucks .
 This is Kevin Moore 's second release -LRB- the first being Ghost Book -RRB- for the otherwise highly impressive Inside Out label . Both were recorded in Istanbul , Turkey , where Moore now resides and both are equally devoid of music . If you are a fan of Chroma Key 's first two albums and Moore 's work with OSI , you will most likely not enjoy this album . `` Graveyard Mountain Home '' is basically a 53-minute series of loops where Moore either drones incoherently or plays sparse instrumentation . Some may describe the melodic content as subtle but , in my opinion , it is completely absent . If you are seeking another `` Undertow '' or `` On The Page , '' look elsewhere . Utterly disappointing .
 the product/disc is good as well as the quality of recording but unfortunately the case and the tray is broken . good thing the disc is not.The 2-in-1 Series . .
 I was very disappointed when I listened to this single . Morris Day really pulled a fast one on this . This song has a different sound than is on the album , which this version is not even close .
 Live Meltdown really has the `` cream '' of Judas Priest songs . But the new singer Ripper seems to expend the whole album trying to show how good he is , and he gives us so many highs and lows tones that he sounds like King Diamond , not a singer from Judas Priest !!! For someone who wants to have the best of Judas in only one album , it 's much better to buy METALWORKS , of 1993 , even if it is not recorded live !!
 I have kept hearing about how great this disc is and how great this `` ripper '' is . Well , I have finally listened to this from beginning to end . I have to say that I am very disappointed . How dare people compare ripper to Rob Halford . It is n't even close . In fact there is nothing special about him at all . It is great to hear the hooks and crunching of the Priests ' music again but the vocals just do n't do it for me . Granted , Halford may not be able to hit the heights anymore , but at least it would save the embarrassment of hearing poor K.K. , Glenn and Ian playing in what is just a shell of its former self , the mighty Judas Priest . JP please know when to say when . Stop the insanity !!!!!
 No apologies . If it 's not the Metal God-it 's not Priest . Period.I 'd rather own Live in Anaheim.I think Ripper Owens is an excellent Metal Vocalist . His work with Iced Earth is excellent-and if youtook his Priest studio work on its own merit-it 's good.But Green Manalishi , Victim are meant to be sung by Halford.Halford is the best Metal Vocalist in history.It 's an interesting journey-but it leaves you wanting more .
 Ripper Owens JUGULATOR Sucked . It was so generic and sloppy , nothing like Judas Priest . Consider the fact that I own 27 albums , 12 tapestries and I have retired 30 + JP tshirts , I WAS one of their biggest fan . He might be good live but he will never ever EVER be Rob Halford ... NEVER . Ca n't sing , ca n't harmonize and CAN NOT write like Halford . Sorry but their time is over with out Halford . Priest is dead , face it .
 After all is said and done its really down to whether Ripper Owens can fill some of the biggest shoes in rock . When you read the track listing on the back of this double CD this band certainly is n't short of a few classic tunes , plus there are plenty more where they came from . But in my opinion this CD is a travisty . The vocals are dull and lifeless , infact the best vocal performance is from the crowd . The patter used between songs is woeful and just plain annoying . I mean compare this to ` Halford 's Live Insurrection ' and ` Meltdown ' will be collecting necessary dust . I do n't mean to be disrespectful but Halford 's shoes are just not being filled successfully . And before you say it I know Ripper is not Rob Halford and that he is his own man . Then I ask the question why not wait until this line up had a couple of decent new songs before releasing what essentially is a best of . At least then the ear would be drawn away from the missing ingredient that made Priest such an essential heavy metal legend allowing us to judge this new line up on its own merits . A big thumbs up for the ` Diamonds and Rust ' inclusion which is performed with an ounce of taste and respect . Unfortunately little else is . I for one will not be buying new ` Judas Priest ' product purely on past reputation and the power of the brand name alone .
 I bought this cd not realizing `` Ripper '' Owens was on lead vocals - bad mistake . All you have to do is listen to the sample of Victim Of Changes provided here on Amazon . Of course Tipton and Downing sound great , but just wait until the vocals kick in . It 's absolutely awful . He sounds like the stereotypical wannabe heavy metal singer from a cheeseball cover band you 'd see at the local rock club in the 80 's . Do yourself a favor - save your money on this one and pick up an earlier Priest cd with Halford - Unleashed In The East is the best Live one - I 'm buying the latest compilation box - only 4 songs from Crapper Owens .
 The priest w / Ripper Owens isnt anyhting good at all . listen to these tracks and you 'll wish Rob was back . Ripper isnt bad but he isnt half the singer Rob is . Compare the studio `` Painkiller `` version with the live one heard on this album and its a total failure . He cant hit the high notes or even mid-notes and has the crowd sing most of the song . as with the rest of the album it grooves but the drummer sounds almost as bad as ripper and he 's younger than any of them !! buy other live albums WITH the orginial and better singer on vocals and notice the huge difference in performance , quality , and power .
 After Infinity made them stars , Journey released Evolution which was a step back for them . The album opens up on a strong note with `` Majestic '' , `` Too Late '' and the great `` Lovin ' , Touchin ' , Squeezin ' '' but besides `` Just The Same Way '' , the album is a clunker . The other songs are by-the-numbers corporate rock that do n't have much feeling behind them .
 Concept albums usually suck , but because it was TSL , i decided to pick up BOATS . Well , i was right , it did suck . But what really got me is that people had the nerve to say this record was better than the previous . Drew , your opinion does n't count . You are an ignorant turd , and your useage of the words `` Crybaby emo '' and `` Bubblegum pop '' to describe music that is neither only adds basis to my analysis . New rule ; no one with an IQ below that of a glass of water should be reviewing . That means you , drew . Do n't buy , unless you actually did n't like TSL 's debut and think you may want to give them a shot . They might as well change the name of their band , because this is n't the same band that made SILYMI .
 What happened on this album ??? The Starting Line took a few steps back with this CD . If this is their new mature sound then its probably the last TSL CD I purchase . `` Say It Like You Mean It '' is 10 times better than this CD . I have listened to this album numerous times and I just ca n't get into it . It does n't have those catchy lyrics that I 'm used to with Ken and the boys . I 'm seeing these guys on the Nintendo tour this fall and I 'll probably be disappointed because they will play stuff off this album and they will suck . If you liked this CD compared to their old stuff then you are LOCO !!!
 I loved TSL 's debut . This record though , is on my shortlist for 2005 's WORST ! They went from being a catchy punk-emo band to a `` modern rock '' disaster . I would do a rundown of good vs. bad songs , but they ALL SUCK . If i wanted to listen to crap like this , i 'd but a record from seether or the all american rejects . They effin ' sold out , no two ways around it , and i hope they enjoy playing shows for indifferent top 40 rock crowds who love you until Dark New Day comes out with a new record . DONT BUY !
 First of all , how is this record NOT pop-punk ? I 'd been hearing from numerous sources including alternative press that the starting line had matured in their songwriting and sound . I was quite disappointed to listen to the album and find that it 's not as grown up as it was said to be -LRB- I do n't care how long Kenny Vasoli 's hair got -RRB- . Not that there 's anything terribly wrong with this album ; I just think the maturity factor was overhyped and that based on a true story is a fairly standard pop-punk follow up to a fairly standard pop-punk album -LRB- TSL 's Say It Like You Mean It -RRB- . My biggest complaint
 `` Based on a true story '' is no 5 star album , but I ca n't deny that it shows alot of promise . Unlike their previous record , which was a total punk-pop joke , TSL have matured and turned into real songwriters . At times , the `` mature '' listener may find themselves a little put off by the overall manufactured sound of BOATS , but it 's easy to overlook with kenny 's sweet , melodic voice . I could n't really enjoy `` Based on a true story '' for more than two listens , and my guess is it 'll -LRB- my copy -RRB- be up for sale within the next few days . I guess the easiest way to break it down is ; Good Charlotte fans will give this 5 stars , while fans of The bravery and Coldplay will give it 1 or 2 . It all just depends on what stage you 're at musically . 2 solid stars .
 Do n't you remember the first time you looked in the mirror and you wondered why there was hair growing in certain places and why things grew when they were excited ? Well , this is what we call puberty . It is a time where we become a `` man '' and `` mature . '' This goes hand in hand with The Starting Line 's new album . The guys dropped their poppy roots and decided they need to `` mature . '' With their new found maturity , there was a road block . To keep this short , this album is lacking in every aspect . You get dragged through their `` maturing '' process and have to listen to songs that have no substance or any standing power.Maturity can be a good thing , but in the case of Based On A True Story , maturing was based on a boring story and dull music .
 This cd shows no maturation at all . Most of the songs sound the same and they all sing sellout to me . Since when was it `` mature '' to sing about sex ? Even animals do it . It 's not mature at all . `` Inspired By the $ '' is just as bad as `` Given the Chance '' in that it 's a corny pop song with extremely cheap lyrics . I have no respect for Starting Line now . They have completely sucked everything they had up .
 Anyone who knows tsl knows this record really did n't do the band justice . it just is n't what tsl has the potential to do . I 've heard some leaked demos of the new stuff , and it sounds like tsl is back to their roots .
 What happend to The Starting line ? The one that gave me that great album which I gave 5 stars ? This is not them . Flat out crap . I mean sure its OKAY I guees . But not Starting line at all . Though they are from PA they had that Southern California sound that everyband was branching away from now of days . I could understand if they would change from Punk Rock to more Alternative in a few albums but not so fast . I honestly did not believe anyone when they said that this was The Starting Line . I was first in line the day it came out , and really wish I would of just burned it . Buy it if you must . If your new to the band you 'll probably like it . But I know I dont .
 Honestly , I do n't know what to say about this record . I know it 's nowhere near as good as `` say it like you mean it '' -LRB- that was obvious at first listen -RRB- , but at the same time , I do n't totally hate it either . Some of the songs are awesome , like bedroom talk , which despite having sub-par lyrics , is actually very catchy and TSL-esque . Others though , are not . Autography gives me a headache , as do many others . The album seems to start off okay , With Making love to the camera and Inspired by the $ sign , but it falls about in weird places . Also , I found Based on a true story to not have the same ammount of replay value as SILYMI . After about 6 or 7 listens , I was pretty much done with it . This album really confuses me , becasue unlike so many others , I have no real clear cut opinion about it . Overall , I 'd say skip it unless you consider yourself a big fan , or have alot of disposable income .
 `` I 'm gunna tear ur a ** up girl '' ??? What the hell is that !? Were these guys in some kind of competition with 50cent to create the worst lyrics possible . On top of that , the theme to this album is very boring . Motion picture ? I do n't get it . I find it almost funny that these guys were the ones protesting to save philly alternative radio when their lyrical content rivals that of snoop doggy dogg 's . Their first album blew this piece of crap out of the water , and if you 're smart you 'll get that one instead . no wonder why it was only 7 bucks at target ...
 Coming from someone who thinks `` say it like you mean it '' will go down as one of DTR 's best ever releases , it shames me to say that TSL have changed for the worse.I was first introduced to this band through their debut 's single `` best of me '' . I saw the video , which was hilarious , and decided that I wanted to get to know this band . I bought the record , and it did n't leave my CD deck for 21/2 weeks ! If you knew me , you 'd know that does n't happen often , at all.Anyway , I could n't wait for TSL 's follow-up when I had heard it was coming out . I knew that they had dumped trombino and enlisted the help of howard benson for production -LRB- i 'm not a huge fan of howard benson , by the way -RRB- but I still had faith that this record would be good . It is n't in the least.First of all , it 's a concept album . i do n't really get it ; Hollywood ? Movielife ? Motion picture ? In any case , it is n't the most imaginative concept record i 've ever listened to.Secondly , the songs are just not catchy at all . The whole pop angle that dominated `` say it '' is gone , and in it 's place is crappy adult-alternative style rock . It 's something you 'd expect from bon jovi or the boss , but not TSL . It just is n't their style.Last , but not least , are the lyrics . Uh hi , snoop dogg called , he wants his songbook back . You know , the one with that cut called `` bedroom talk '' . `` I 'm GuNNa TeAr YoUr AzZ Up LiKe We JuSt GoT MaRRiEd '' ... ring a bell ? The lyrics on `` story '' are god awful , to say the least , and it makes you wonder what in the hell these guys were thinking.I have no beef with a band that wants to expand and try different stuff , but to totally leave behind your original style in favor of cheap , gimmic rock is not cool . I will not be purchasing their next record without listening to it first . Gimmie my money back , kenny .
 This is the first I 've listened to Based On A True Story because the bits and pieces I had heard , I disliked . But I made myself listen to the full cd , and probably should n't have . Musically , it 's below Say It Like You Mean It , and Make Yourself At Home . It 's not a step up for this band , it 's definitely a step down . The lyrics are n't nearly as good as the previous releases and musically it 's downright awful . There 's a few goodpoints on the cd , but finding those is the real trick . It 's definitely not worth the money spent on it ... If you like pop punk , save your money for better releases , such as Move Along , by The All American Rejects . But , if you want a cd that will put you to sleep in about 20 minutes , then by all means , buy this one .
 The starting Line was probably my favorite band of all time until this release . Say It Like You Mean It was such a great album , they really had it all put together . Everything sounded great , the vocals , the lyrics , the music was tight , it all just worked . This release really made me lose a lot of respect that I used to have for them . The thing that really made the last album great is missing from this album
 I loved The Starting Line 's `` Say It Like You Mean It '' , so when I heard that they had a new album out , I was ecstatic . I was quickly disappointed , though , when I began listening to the CD 's pointless lyrics and typical beats . I loved their other album 's catchy tunes and meaningful lyrics , but `` Based On A True Story '' has none of that . They 've completely changed their sound . I usually like emo rock , but it sounds like they 're trying too hard to be something they 're not.And , do n't even get me started on the lyrics . `` Bedroom Talk '' would be a fun , jumpy song if it were n't for the lyrics . The music almost reminds me of Sugarcult , but then the singing begins . `` My heart was racing like a sprinter that tripped and fell '' and `` I 'm gon na tear your a -- up like we just got married '' are just a few of the lines from that song . `` Photography '' is even worse . Almost the entire song is the line `` I 'll swing from a streelight as I will sing oh '' being repeated , over and over like a broken record . The music in `` Autography '' is annoying and almost painful to listen to . The rest of the CD is just downhill from there.If you do n't believe me , then burn this CD -- do n't spend your money on it . I did n't believe that it would be this bad , so I bought it . Bad idea . Check out Acceptance 's `` Phantoms '' or Relient K 's `` Mmhmm '' instead .
 The first CD was ear friendly , not the best band in the world but full of energetic pop punk songs . I know its a good idea to change your sound because you do n't want to be one of those bands that sounds the same but this band has done a complete one eighty and the CD over all is terrible . Better luck next time .
 the starting line started out as a young pop/rock kind of singers ... and i loved it ... and now in their Based on a True Story is more mellow , an alternative kind of a music which is in turn not as catchy as the songs in their first CD ... their first EP was just like their Say It Like You Mean It and then their second EP , right before Based On A True Story was released it changed a bit . . it has already been said but if you thoroughly enjoyed their first CD then think about this before you buy this CD ... hope this helps...-Paul
 I loved their cd , `` Say it like you mean it '' . But , this cd was terrible . I only enjoyed the song called , `` Making love to the camera '' . Save you 're money for any of their other cds .
 This is not an Edge of Sanity album . This is a Black Mark / Dan Swano rip-off of the the original Edge of Sanity band and original Crimson album . If any of the people involved in this had any respect for Edge of Sanity they would have at least got one original member to at least have a guest appearance instead of assembling a bunch of replacements that had nothing to do with the band . Black Mark does n't need to be ashamed because they do n't care about anything , but Swano should be . The original Crimson is one of the best metal albums of the '90s . Edge of Sanity was one of the best melodic death metal bands of the '90s . This is junk . Do n't be a sucker and buy it .
 I was very disappointed when I listened to this single . Morris Day really pulled a fast one on this . This song has a different sound than is on the album , which this version is not even close .
 Well I have to admit that I was listening to Bon Jovi , but it was in 1992 when I was 7 years old and then I grew up and started listening to real music like U2 , REM , Mettalica etc. I listened to this album just of curiousity and felt like having deja vu , I mean this sounds like everything they have ever done and since everything they 've done before was the same patern
 I bought this cd hoping to bring back a lost passion I had with Bon Jovi long ago . Well , there might be only one word to describe their last effort
 Bon Jovi is an example of old bands trying to keep up with the times , and as usual it does n't work . Okay , I know they had a hit with the dreadful `` It 's my life '' but I must say that I do n't like this -LRB- modern -RRB- approach/production at all . The only decent songs on this release are `` Two story town '' and `` One wild night '' - the rest is just forgettable . When Bon Jovi released their much better `` These days '' , I thought the band had matured , but now it seems they grow old too fast and desperately trying to appear young at heart .
 Jon 's voice is simply irritating on this CD , too twangy . After a while of listening , I simply have to turn it off . In fact , after listening to it a half dozen times , it 's on the shelf now to gather dust . Not the band 's best endeavor .
 Ud think after five years theyd come back with quality material ... sadly not its my life and one wild night are barely ok the rest is garbage dissapointin and i thought their first two albums were incredible . . where are those rock anthems shot through the heart etc. ...
 I do n't even want to remember how big of a disappointment this disc was when I got it the same day it came out . Let 's a have a brief `` memory re-capping '' before going into the details of Crush .1992 - Bon Jovi releases the highly critical Keep the Faith album . The album is a great come-back disc since Sambora and Jon Bon Jovi overcome their egos and agree to put out great rock album . It rules just like their 80 's catalog . Success is achieved again .1994 - The first ever best of collection titled Crossroad comes out featuring new power ballad `` Always '' which rocks hard and gives them tons of airplay . However , this is just the beginning of their downfall , releasing a million other compilation discs , and re-re-re-recorded live albums in the next ten coming years ! 1995 - With the grunge scene hitting hard and dominating the charts , Jon Bon Jovi and Sambora join forces and agree that the best way to face the Nirvana/Pearl Jam trend is to release an all-love-song dominated disc -LRB- save for the title track -RRB- . And it works , to a certain extent at least . These Days proves to be a satisfying record overall , but both the fans and particularly Jon Bon Jovi himself realise that their musical direction is n't going to take them anywhere far anymore . They 've run out of interesting ideas and the motives to compose honest , sincere rock tunes , so they capitalize on ballads . In the meantime , Jon focuses on taking cheap shots at horrible movies displaying his embarrassing talents as an `` actor '' . Sambora releases his sophomore album which , in comparison to Stranger in This Town , flops , and Jon does the Destination Anywhere `` pop '' record , which also fails miserably.So with the grunge scene receding , they release , Crush , their first album in the last five years . The result is a poorly written , pop-flavoured , weak record with little to no emphasis on Sambora 's guitar playing -LRB- not that Sambora cares anyway -RRB- and bringing their newly found ` image ' to the fore . The album features their new ` looks ' in more than ten pics . What 's worse is , you open the booklet inside the CD case only to find more ` artsy ' pics , mostly of Jon , and his ` gang ' . No lyrics -LRB- cause Jon knows better than all of us that he ca n't even pen love songs anymore -RRB- , no liner notes , no nothing . It 's horrible packaging . Sadly , the music , while getting them under the spotlight with the POP anthem `` It 's My Life '' -LRB- anyone who thinks this is a rock tune is an idiot ! -RRB- , is n't any better either . Even the `` Thank You for Loving Me '' ballad has no lasting effect as the band 's previous ballads , i.e. `` Always '' , `` In These Arms '' , `` Bed of Roses '' . Point being , Crush is just a lame attempt on their part to cash in on it when they can , just before another grunge/nu-metal scene comes and blows them away . The music presented on this disc contains no hooks let alone rocking guitar melodies , no catchy or hummable vocal harmonies as the band 's previous works , no lyrics that need to be read -LRB- hence they are left out of the booklet -RRB- , no powerful drumming by Tico . It 's just a pop-oriented record using guitars to look cool . The songs are shorter , less structured , and have no momentum . Therefore , no matter how hard Bon Jovi , Sambora , Torres , Bryan or McDonald try , it 's all in vain . These Days was the nail in their coffin . Bon Jovi post-1995 sucks . I truly feel sorry for all those teenagers who fell in love with this band upon seeing the video of `` It 's My Life '' and picking up their entire back catalog on a whim . They think they are fans , when in fact they 're just trend-followers of a trend-hopping sell-out band .
 I grew up listen to bon jovi in the eights . they were the second best best rock band in the eights . but their new cd crush is not good at all . there are only 2 good song on the cd . they are its my life and one wild night . I hope their next cd so a lot better .
 THIS IS NOT A VERY GOOD CD TO SAY THE LEAST WITH LEAST BEING THE OPERATIVE WORD.ONE GOOD SONG ON THIS CD IT ` S MY LIFE BUT NOT MUCH ELSE ON HERE TO REMIND YOU OF THE OLD BON JOVI.THEY SHOULD HAVE MADE THE CD COVER YELLOW FOR THE LEMON IT IS.BUY THIS IF YOU FEEL LIKE WASTING YOUR MONEY ON SOMETHING YOU WILL ONLY PLAY ONCE .
 Once upon not a time not so long ago -LRB- how bout that for you Livin ' On A Prayer fans ? -RRB- there was a great band called Bon Jovi , however you should not mix up THAT Bon Jovi with whomever released Crush.Front-man Jon Bon Jovi has said about this album that he was writing for the moment , how HE FELT at the time . Then why did he also say that two of the songs were inspired by movies -LRB- Armageddon , `` Thank You For Loving Me '' -RRB- and another track later on in the disc which I believe went to Meet Joe Black -LRB- `` Save The World '' ? -RRB- . The end result is a passionless album . Jon may be decent at acting in movies but bringing acting to albums does not work . He is left to regurgitate hairband melodies in `` One Wild Night '' while playing to a youthful rebellious crowd in `` It 's My Life '' . This album is n't about anything meaningful -LRB- and most definitely not about Jon as he claims -RRB- . This release as well as Bon Jovi 's recent 2 live albums -LRB- which have been pounded by fans -RRB- and Bounce signify the nightmare years of Bon Jovi . A band that once had originality has now turned out to exploit the events of 9/11 -LRB- apparently some songs on Bounce , which I do n't and will never own -RRB- . If this album had come out after New Jersey -LRB- 88 -RRB- , I probably could live with how horrible it is . However Bon Jovi became a poetic -LRB- and real -RRB- group with their albums in the 90 's
 Okay , if the cd could have kept the style it does on `` It ` s my life '' , it would have been a fully fledged rocker like `` Slippery when Wet '' or `` New Jersey '' . But instead , this albums fails like so many else did when they tried to come back to a market dominated by money . Gone is the raw , powerful sound they had on their earlier albums , instead we are stuck with a poppy style not acceptable for a band like Bon Jovi . The Songs `` Say it isnt so '' , `` Two story town '' , `` Next 100 Years '' , `` Just Older '' , `` mystery train '' , `` Save the World '' , `` She ` s a Mystery '' and `` I got the Girl '' is uninteresting , they are dry attempts to make poprock . I wont write a review just to bash a record , however there is something good too , which is worth mentioning . `` It ` s my life '' It became instant hit . It was the light of hope we had that Bon Jovi would make a new album built on rock and catchy melodies . The song is just waiting to be pummeled out at parties , and it is a super anthem , or just a great rocker . `` Thank you for Loving me '' They really made a beautiful song here . The piano in the start is so sad and lonely , but still warm , it takes a special place in your heart . Cant get enough of this song . `` Captain Crash and the Beauty Queen from Mars '' . This HAVE to be the most original Bon Jovi song ever . Very lighthearted , poppy but still catchy . It deserves credits due to the way it swirls around your ears and makes you glad . `` One Wild Night '' Yes . This is one of those songs that could have been on New Jersey or Keep the Faith . Not as powerful , but it is still a worthy Rocker that is even better live.However , this cd is not good enough . 4 songs does not make a cd complete , but the 4 songs would fit nicely on a greatest hits.Listen to this album before you buy it , you may like it , but you may end up disappointed , like I was .
 If you liked the old Bon Jovi for their self titled and Slippery When Wet , then do n't bother with this one . If you liked all the stuff after that this is probably great for you . Something magic about those first albums that ca n't be recreated . Beware .
 I have been a Bon Jovi fan since the beginning and was looking forward to something new from them , this was not it . I found the lyrics missing any depth . Bon Jovi has lost their edge and have gotten soft . Ever song felt like they were making a sound track . I feel I wasted my money on this CD .
 sadly , for me and other BON JOVI fans , this cd was n't what we expected . i have to admit that you can grow and mature as a band , but NOT at our expense ! this is NOT `` THE '' BON JOVI album we needed to get . i expected somethig more like `` raise your hands '' , `` blood on blood '' , `` living in sin '' , `` in these arms '' , `` i want you '' ... please boys , we , your fans know you can do waaaay better than this album . WE , your fans , are counting on it !
 excuse me people , but i have to say that ... bon jovi says : `` our music is a fusion between
 Bon Jovi is the greatest band in the world but the same can not be said about Crush . It 's almost as if they were n't trying for this album and have just put in a heap of filler songs that did n't make it on previous albums . You can tell its bad when even at the live concert promoting this album ie One Wild Night tour they hardly played any songs from this album . No one there was disappointed.It 's My Life is the only great song from this album . One Wild Night version on this album is a lot slower than the single or on the Live album . Buy those singles and forget about this album unless you need a frisbee.Of course huge Bon Jovi fans who buy anything with Bon Jovi 's name on it will read this with blinders on and will click on the button saying this review was not helpful to them but I would imagine they would already have the album and this review is not written for them . I love New Jersey , Slippery When Wet , Keep the Faith and thought These Days and Bounce were allright but I have to be honest this album is terrible and I was very disapointed with it .
 Bon Jovi sound the same like at their very beginning . No step forward at all . And Jon 's voice is just not very pleasant at all . A pain in the ear .
 What 's changed since Bon Hoki sped up his voice to hit the high notes on Livin ' On a Prayer in 1986 ? Well , the lad and his band are using new haircare products , all posey like Reservoir Dogs with hundred dollar bouffants and holstered water pistols . Pinch yourself if you expected Crush would be anything other than Slippery When Wet , Version 8.1 - underachieving teeny-bop pop metal with heavy investments in dream date posturing and a bit of moldered bread crust for lyrical and musical development . Rife with simpleton observations -LRB- It 's My Life , Just Older -RRB- and grade school rhyme schemes scotch-taped with a hamfist , this is negligent evolution at it 's most patronizingly ignorable . The harmonies are a study in gobbledy vocal tricks , a wad of gimped and fussed-over enthusiasm for a textbook of unabashed chintz sentiments nicked arrantly from a Barbie colouring book -LRB- Thank You For Loving Me , I Got the Girl , She 's a Mystery -RRB- . The rest is just-add-water puff rock ; imagineless chungling boom bam for everyone but dreamy-eyed , teddy bear-hugging Teen Beat girlies and beer-blitzed white boys cruising in Billy Joe Jim Bob 's bondo'ed Trans Am on Main Street , Popcorntown , U.S.A. Give the trophy though to Captain Crash and the Beauty Queen From Mars , now officially the stupidest song title in the history of rock .
 How does someone buy the original `` Its My Life '' by Bon Jovi ?? This is some adaptation not the real thing . do n't waste your money !
 This record is a big disappoitment after the well-crafted songwriting of `` These days '' . You would have expected them at their age to deliver better work.Even the productions sounds very thin and the lyrics are among the worst i ever heard -LRB- `` one wild night '' , the rock cliche itself , `` my heart is like an open highway '' , aah . . yes -RRB- . Songs like `` Shes a mistery `` sound so boring like B-sides . Best avoided !
 After the deceiving Destination Anywhere , I told myself that I 'd give them one more chance . Well , they blew it . I consider myself a big fan . I have all of what they did -LRB- including some singles and importations -RRB- . For the first time in my life , I brought a CD back to the store . Though It 's My Life sounds quite good -LRB- after a few listenings -RRB- , the rest of the album is totally empty . There 's no musical dynamism at all . I 'm thinking to myself that maybe the guys should go different ways , there does n't seem to be any fuel left ...
 I 'm sorry but this has to be the worse excuse for a music CD ... totally dissapointed at Bon Jovi . This CD has ONE song worthy of being called Bon Jovi style music , the others are something that should have stayed in the studio . An example , the last track on the CD , `` One Wild Night '' plays to the sound of the first track `` I ` ts My Life '' . Obviously just another `` Artist '' trying to hard to create a new beggining instead of going out in a bang -LRB- or style -RRB- . What 's wrong with the style he had in `` Young Guns II '' or `` New Jersey '' ... Oh well , another one bites the dust !
 yes this is the album for you if you enjoy moth eaten old 80 's weed rock/pop . this album is full of big windy buttock twaddle that you have heard before over and over again.join with me and sing die bon jovi die you sad old leather trouser wearing ponse
 This CD serves as a reminder of Bon Jovi 's limitations
 I Used To Like Bon Jovi abit back in the 80 's . but as time has gone on the more by the numbers they have become.they have n't changed their style at all.it 's very by the numbers Product.Nothing on Here Matches their GOlden Run.it does n't matter what time period you come from Quality is Quality & this is n't it .
 These days , Bon Jovi 's music appeals mainly to suburban housewives , and listening to the song samples here alone , it 's not hard to see why . Sappy love songs and working-class anthems with ridiculously overdubbed choruses is what you 'll find . Do n't buy this unless you 've got the money to have a few cavities filled !
 Why wo n't it stop . Curse this post grunge climate of filthy bile that spews forth regularly from the dime-a-dozen meatheads who love Nirvana but just ... . do n't ... . get ... . it . I shake my head .
 apartment 26 was supposed to be big -LRB- i guess -RRB- especially witht he lead singer being the son of black sabbath 's guitarist -LRB- i believe this is right -RRB- . well its a very electronically tinged cd and it overwhelms the entire disc.it sounds like a childs play album at some points.biff 's singing is fair , not too great but not bad.it seems like the only time you hear any instruments is ont he choruses which just dont do it for me.apartment 26 just doesnt fit in in the music industry and this might have led to their demise -LRB- they broke up a few months ago -RRB- .
 Apartment 26 's previous album , Hallucination , is one of my few 5-star albums . Naturally I was extremely eager to hear some new stuff from them after waiting all these years , but now that I have I 'm really crushed . I put in the CD expecting a techno-industrial CD , instead I 'm greeted with some alt-rock garbage.What the heck happened ? Apt26 totally changed their sound -LRB- and it 's not for the better -RRB- .
 Like a couple of the other reviewers , I was extremely disappointed by this album . After waiting four years for a follow-up to the amazing `` Hallucinating '' , and we get this . Apartment 26 has gone from heavy industrial-type -LRB- nu -RRB- metal to some odd kind of funky-pop band.It 's not that the music is poorly made , it 's just that the band completely changed their sound . They might as well have changed the name of the band , as it 's absolutely nothing like the first album . If you like the single from this CD , you 'll probably like the album , but if you were expecting another `` Hallucinating '' , forget it .
 These guys were awesome on their debut Hallucinating . It 's ok for a band to evolve . But this band evolved into crap ! This band went from their hard electronic rock to alternative mainstream pop rock . Maybe they will be the next Linkin Suck . Very dissapointing . I ca n't believe these guys actually produced such crap and are selling it for money . I do n't mean to put these guys down but I 'm being honest . They did make a really good debut on their first album . Now this new album I dunno know what style it is . Maybe Gothic Ska Rock ? LOL If this band expects to get the good fans back from the old days not the new Gothic Pop punk kids . They better change their music . It 's good to evolve . Look at bands that evolved the right way
 If you like Apartment 26 for the energetic , industrial-metal sound of `` Hallucinating '' then you will be very disappointed with this CD . This is a huge turn-around to a more mainstream alternative rock type of sound that very few -LRB- if any -RRB- fans of `` Hallucinating '' will like . Another decent numetal band bites the dust .
 I was moved to buy the album by their amazing song , `` Give Me More '' which is a fun and energetic swing song . When the CD arrived , I played the whole thing and did n't like it very much ... then I played it again ... and still I did n't like it.Nothing aside from the first song seems to be at all catchy . All I remember now is that I did n't like much of it at all.I 'd suggest somehow hearing the whole album before you buy it yourself -LRB- unless you do n't mind paying the hefty $ 3 used prices -RRB- in case you do n't end up liking it . Your tastes might be different than mine ...
 Apartment 26 showed a great deal of promise with their previous album . They revealed a blend of industrial , techno , and electronica that was at times dramatic and at other times pensive and thought provoking . This new release lacks the punch , originality , and entertainment value of the first , instead trading for radio friendly poppy/hip hop style trash . If you are looking for a rehash of what you hear on the radio over and over again buy this album . If you were a fan of the first do n't bother with this one .
 I was reading through some reviews and decided to add my two cents . I , like many others , really liked Apt 26 's first release . So much so that I bought their official Apartment 26 glowsticks and t shirt . Yeah , that 's right ... I 'm one of probably 10 people that bought Apartment 26 branded glowsticks . Anyway , I liked THAT CD because of the industrial/dance sound . My favorite track is the title track and Doing it Anyway.Years go by and then this CD comes out . I hated it ! The sound is completely different and while most bands ditch their keyboard sounds for the generic `` rock and roll '' sound , Apt went ahead and tried some weird jazzy garbage . I actually did n't HATE Give me More but I hoped that the rest of the CD did n't sound like it . There is ONE bright note for fans of the first CD . The track is called New Years Resolution and it represents everything I HOPED this CD would be . Strike and Kick to the Head are OK as well.Despite this CD being a huge failure in my opinion , I was looking forward to seeing them live when they opened for Three Days Grace . My hope was that they 'd play some of their killer older tunes . They did n't play a single track off of Hallucinating ! I was so disappointed and letdown . Way to spit in the face of your original fans . Because of that , I ca n't say I 'm too terribly upset they broke up .
 Been a huge fan of this band since 2002 - had the privilege of playing with them when they were in their prime , but this album is pretty dissapointing , when Che left they should have disbanded - the new vocalist 's vox are really dissapointing and just do n't have much kick or conviction to them . . the album sounds lazy and rushed , the 2-3 awesome tracks are all bunched together near the end but a lot of the album sounds like lazy politics over music which comes nowehere near the excellence of ` sands of time ' . Proceed with caution .
 I 'm an old school GWAR fan , been listening to these guys since Scumdogs . I quit buying their stuff after Kill Everything . They were so good at what they were doing , why the change ??? Thank god for Dave Brockie Experience !
 When I first heard that Apocalyptica was recording `` Seemann '' I was incredibly excited about it . Now that I was able to hear it for the first time I was sadly disappointed . Apocalyptica does incredibly good , but the voice . Nina Hagen made me cry with her attempt to sing one of my favorite Rammstein songs . As a big fan of Rammstein i must admit that the work done by Apocalyptica is simply amazing . Why could n't Nina Hagen just shut the hell up !!!???
 Bon Jovi one of many long time rockbands are back again with Bounce a album that includes some classic rock tracks and some ballads as usual . Jon and Richie are writing most songs as usual but notable is that the Swede Andreas Carlsson from Cheiron is appearing on a few one 's too . The Cheiron guys wrote the huge 2000 summer hit `` It 's my life '' we all remember . However these songs are not as good `` Misunderstood '' and `` All About Lovin ' You '' are songs that got some airplay but we later tend to forget very quicky . `` Everyday '' `` Hook me up '' and `` Bounce '' stand for the rockier tracks and songs like `` Right Side Of Wrong '' and `` Joey '' are notable ballads . But these songs are far from classics like masterpiece `` Living on a prayer '' or power ballad `` Always '' . These songs will get played for a while to later be forgotten . As much as i like Bon Jovi i have to admit it was quite some time now they made any special albums , each album have some nice one 's but no classics .
 Bon Jovi has streamlined into yet another genre of music . There latest release `` Bounce '' is a far cry from previous Bon Jovi Albums.Jon and writing partner Richie Sambora have written less songs together on this album than any other Bon Jovi albums in the past and it shows . There is a complete lack of any aggressive guitar playing on this record . It is clear that jon needs to get off his ego trip and realize that he and his fans suffer without Richie 's musical contribution . -LRB- The bands fan club used to be : `` Back stage with Bon Jovi '' -RRB- Now it is simply
 As a huge fan of the `` old '' Bon Jovi , that is , the big hair and spandex-wearing days of yore , I was excited when Bon Jovi made their huge comeback with the album Crush . However , that album on a whole did n't even compete with classics like `` Slippery When Wet . `` I was feeling pretty disapointed when I heard the first single Everyday on the Madden 2003 soundtrack , but waited to pass judgement until I heard the new album . For the first three or four seconds of the first song , Undivided , I had great hopes with its great opening guitar riff ; that is until Jon started wailing about losing his brother in 9/11 . I do n't want a Bon Jovi song talking about what I hear on Meet the Press ! I want Livin ' on a Prayer baby ! The love songs on here can best be described as by the numbers . Looking at the titles is enough to prove that , You Had Me From Hello ? C'mon guys , I would n't be so sad if I did n't know they could do so much better . The saving grace of this album is the bone-crushing Bounce , but that 's about all . If you disagree with me , go listen to `` You Give Love A Bad Name '' and find a song on here that equals it . You just ca n't . This new album toyed with my emotions when I first gave it a listen , but in the end just gave me an emotional let-down . Unless you 're a die-hard fan , it 's best to get a `` Best-Of '' collection to appease your Bon Jovi appetite .
 As a huge fan of the `` old '' Bon Jovi , that is , the big hair and spandex-wearing days of yore , I was excited when Bon Jovi made their huge comeback with the album Crush . However , that album on a whole did n't even comepeat with classics like `` Slippery When Wet . `` I was feeling pretty disapointed when I heard the first single Everyday on the Madden 2003 soundtrack , but waited to pass judgement until I heard the new album . For the first three or four seconds of the first song , Undivided , I had great hopes with its great opening guitar riff ; that is until Jon started wailing about losing his brother in 9/11 . I do n't want a Bon Jovi song talking about what I hear on Meet the Press ! I want Livin ' on a Prayer baby ! The love songs on here can best be described as by the numbers . Looking at the titles is enough to prove that , You Had Me From Hello ? C'mon guys , I would n't be so sad if I did n't know they could do so much better . The saving grace of this album is the bone-crushing Bounce , but that 's about all . If you disagree with me , go listen to `` Shot Through the Heart '' and find a song on here that equals it . You just ca n't . This new album toyed with my emotions when I first gave it a listen , but in the end just gave me an emotional let-down . Unless you 're a die-hard fan , it 's best to get a `` Best-Of '' collection to appease your Bon Jovi appetite .
 the first two songs of the album are really good but then the album slows down with some slow boring jams , in other words bon jovi is not like he used to be in 96 .
 i liked 80s bonjovi but not the new stuff . the 80s songwriting was the best for this band .
 After several listens trying to get into the new Bounce CD , I have to say , I 'm disappointed . It starts out really rocking & I 'm getting excited & impressed , then I lose it . It 's on the boring , repetitive side . Did you guys not have more material than this to choose from in the 2 yr . wait ? `` Everyday '' is the best on this record .
 I was expecting something a little more , considering `` Crush '' and the harder cuts on it . But once your pass the good rockers its typical Bonjovi sappy sappy sappy lovey lovey lovey this record allthough good at times has warded me off Bonjovi for this round . Its seems that `` Jon '' has picked a format , ala KISS and drives it home , too far . How many love songs can you have on a hard rock album ? well Bonjovi thinks 7 to 3 and that , maybe fine for the acid wash clad from the 80 's crying over thier past lives , I myself was looking for something a little bitey down and dirty which is what Bonjovi is good at , Sh_t even Poison could write a love songs . This is a note to Bonjovi and crew , make a guy record and quit over singing , ala Whitney Houston ooohhh aaaaahhhh trying to emulate the hip hop vocal style is not one of Jon 's biggest strengths , Jesus I 'm dizzy from listeing to this record . Also can we PLEASE stop running vocals through so many effects that you ca n't even hear the original singer 's voice . What I heard sounded like a computer generated immitatin of Jon 's voice ! And this saddens me beacuse I have always loved Bonjovi 's vocals and considered one of the bands strongest points . But as far as the rock goes Bonjovi does deliver and that is why I have given the CD a 2 for over all production and performance . The love songs are great production from a production stand point but just too many for me . Sorry Guys maybe next time
 Bon Jovi were catchy back in the 80 's for a minute & then found a formula that worked & have n't broken free of it.that is what you get here.well placed Pop Radio Format Songs that will work alright on a Car Ride but whatever you do do n't pull over to the side too listen to them.this Album has all the CLiche Bon Jovi Tricks : Power Chords , Ballads & whatnot that cover their usual territory.in other words once you have heard one Bon Jovi Album you have heard them all.the difference being that back in the mid 80 's that at least two decent songs now you have to listen to find a decent Hook to half-way enjoy.I give them Two for mainly staying the Game & Surviving not so much with there Formula for Success .
 Only a couple of good songs on the whole album . When you need it to pick up with a mid-tempo rocker , they toss you yet another slow ballad . What is it with bands that ca n't get out of the same grove time after time . I do n't care how many albums Jovi has sold over the years , lemings are lemings and I 'm sure a few will buy this album . Other than that , I do n't see much success for Bounce . It just is n't very good .
 I ca n't believe sooo many people like this poo . I 'm scratching my head how the best two albums they did -LRB- slippery ... and NJ -RRB- received lesser ratings . If you 're new to BJ or looking 4 their `` best stuff '' you ca n't go wrong w / those two titles .
 BOunce is a dissapoitment , very weak.Crush was much better , mor solid , more coehrent . Even the ballads in CRUSH were less sugar and corny than in BOUNCE , when they all sound awfully bad .
 Well i love 80s rock so i like bon jovi as well its nice to see them keep cool but if crush wasent weak enough but that still had thank you for loving me wich is a great songthis cd does have a couple almost ok songs but its electronic sounding bad recording & 777 it just stinks i own most their stuff but this one will colect dust its lifeless thease days was A GREAT CD now u have this
 The album starts off with three decent , albeit unoriginal , rock songs but then disappears into the world of adult contemporary , barely to be heard from again . What a disappointment ! `` Bounce '' is geared more toward fans of James Taylor and Barry Manilow than those who made them one of the biggest bands on the planet.This album should have been no more than a Jon Bon Jovi solo record as it appeals primarily to those looking escape to a quiet evening of sitting by the fireplace with a cognac in one hand and a good book in the other . Avoid at all costs!If your looking for a true rockin ' CD with tons of great melodies , pick up Def Leppard 's new disc , `` X '' , instead .
 Just ca n't get enough of John what 's - his-name . I 'm so glad I bought his most recent commercial offering BOUNCE . But it did kinda make me mad when he cut off Moby in SLC at the Olympics . For that , I give it 1 star .
 I am really disappointed with the new CD . I thought the latest would be as great as `` one wild night '' and others , but it was just too depressing . Too many slow songs and not enough energy flowing . I hope the next is much better .
 frankly , i was excited when i bought it.Someone told me bonjovi are going back to their roots.heres how i review it-1 . undivided-about 9/11 . huge riffs , loud drums.good song.2.everyday-fast & good .3 . the distance-o . k,4.joey-like elton john,5.misunderstood-pretty ordinary ,6 . all about loving you-fine ,7 . hook me up-very good ,8 . right side of wrong-rubbish song ,9 . love me back to life-garbage ,10 . you had me from hello-awful ! ,11 . bounce-best song ,12 . open all night-dont wan na discuss that .
 Not so long ago in a galaxy not so far away , Bon Jovi were big . They were bigger than big , they were huge . With hits like ` Livin on a Prayer ` , ` Bad Medicine ` , and ` You Give Love a Bad Name ' they were quickly catapulted into stardom . After the phenomenal success of ` Slippery When Wet ' and ` New Jersey ` , ` Keep the Faith ' was their next instalment . Still clinging to their initial purpose for being , it too was a success . Jon then disbanded for a while and tried some work of his own . At first it was stunning . The soundtrack to the movie ` Young Guns 2 ' has to be one of his best albums ever . Unfortunately everything went downhill from there . ` This Life ' , true to its era , was a melancholy mix of depressing ballads , not without its charm , but it was an obvious indication a change was about to happen in the band . And change they did . The release of ` Crush ' has to be the defining moment when the cult rock band of the 80 's withered up and died . Pop music galore , trendy lyrics which meant nothing , and Jon even cut his hair . His voice seemed to have suddenly popped and he appeared incapable of singing anything but amazingly high notes - a stark contrast to his gritty and even coarse and husky voice of old.And now comes ` Bounce'It 's obvious from the start that Jon has realised what he has become . He has tried to move from the pop feeling of crush and back to the hard rock of the 80 's . But it 's almost like he 's forgotten how . The heavy songs on ` Bounce ' seem stretched and worn thin at best , very formula stuff here . He sounds more like Robbie Williams doing a cover of ` We Will Rock You ' than Bon Jovi doing ` Bad Medicine ' . We also see a return to melodic piano playing and again it seems like he is trying too hard . These songs have nothing on ` I 'll Be There For You ' or ` Bed of Roses ' . I fear we have seen the last of Bon Jovi churning out cult classic after cult classic . Still , at least he seems aware of his shortcomings and maybe one day he will remember what he once said about sticking to your guns and keeping the faith . I for one am keeping mine , and will stand by Bon Jovi until they are well and truly dead and buried . And as long as they never release another live album I 'll be happy .
 Highlights
 If they had released an album of nothing but 80s pop-metal of yesterday , that would have been awesome compared to this . I was mislead horribly by the opening `` Undivided '' and the single `` Everyday '' , two of the finest tracks by the band EVER , I mean these are my favourite BJ tracks out of their entire catalogue , but after that , this album just goes to hell and never comes back . Almost every song after is a ballad of some form . . I thought I was finally seeing an album with a set of you know whats , but , what you got is slow , dopey ballads that really mean nothing . I 'm all for ballads but what the . . ? TOO MUCH . I give the album a great big 2 stars because the title track is n't so bad , `` Hook Me Up '' comes close to being something I 'd listen to again , and `` Joey '' is almost memorable , but meh ! There 's better music out there and there sure is better Bon Jovi out there . What does the future hold for the band ? Who cares !? F this S , if you know what I mean ! 2/12
 Bon Jovi has never completely been a rock band . They 've always had heavy pop inflences in their music , all their 80s songs have pop hooks beneath the `` hair metal '' loudness . However , anything from the 80s by them is better than this . This is complete pop and should be avoided .
 I own as much Bon Jovi stuff as I could get my grubby little hands on and as of late I am wondering why . What used to be a fun summertime rockin ' band has become a stoic and uninspired machine . The fun is gone , the anticipation is gone and the BIG CHORUS is gone . Track one is pretty good as is track two but there is absolutely no comparison to tracks on either the New Jersey , Slippery or Keep the faith album . After track two , its a blur . nothing special . Just like the last album , only wose . At least Crush had five tolerable songs on it.The missing link is the high harmony vocal parts . They are pretty much gone , but , only because they are not needed . JBJ 's rhaspy , dry vocals are as good as ever and for what they wanted to accomplish for this album I guess they are applicable but I miss the energy and the fun . there are no ` Raise Your Hands ' or '99 in the Shade ' anywhere near this record.On the flip side this cd will easily outlast Jimmy Eats World , New Found Glory or any of that American Idol garbage .
 I own as much Bon Jovi stuff as I could get my grubby little hands on and as of late I am wondering why . What used to be a fun summertime rockin ' band has become a stoic and uninspired machine . The fun is gone , the anticipation is gone and the BIG CHORUS is gone . Track one is pretty good as is track two but there is absolutely no comparison to tracks on either the New Jersey , Slippery or Keep the faith album . After track two , its a blur . nothing special . Just like the last album , only wose . At least Crush had five tolerable songs on it.The missing link is the high harmony vocal parts . They are pretty much gone , but , only because they are not needed . JBJ 's rhaspy , dry vocals are as good as ever and for what they wanted to accomplish for this album I guess they are applicable but I miss the energy and the fun . there are no ` Raise Your Hands ' or '99 in the Shade ' anywhere near this record.On the flip side this cd will easily outlast Jimmy Eats World , New Found Glory or any of that American Idol garbage .
 I own as much Bon Jovi stuff as I could get my grubby little hands on and as of late I am wondering why . What used to be a fun summertime rockin ' band has become a stoic and uninspired machine . The fun is gone , the anticipation is gone and the BIG CHORUS is gone . Track one is pretty good as is track two but there is absolutely no comparison to tracks on either the New Jersey , Slippery or Keep the faith album . After track two , its a blur . nothing special . Just like the last album , only wose . At least Crush had five tolerable songs on it.The missing link is the high harmony vocal parts . They are pretty much gone , but , only because they are not needed . JBJ 's rhaspy , dry vocals are as good as ever and for what they wanted to accomplish for this album I guess they are applicable but I miss the energy and the fun . there are no ` Raise Your Hands ' or '99 in the Shade ' anywhere near this record.On the flip side this cd will easily outlast Jimmy Eats World , New Found Glory or any of that American Idol garbage .
 Sometimes change is good . Bon Jovi blew it with Bounce . Instead of new material , they re-hashed the old . Do people actually run out of new song ideas ? Jovi has . Two stars only because I like Bon Jovi . Very disappointing release .
 I had to return this CD twice because there was loud static on tracks 4 and 5 . It 's too bad because it was a relaxing and enjoyable CD .
 I was in an antique store and heard the most amazing music . I was told it was an old record of Domenico Modugno . I was excited to find him on Amazon . However this `` record '' is over-produced and sounds like a cheesy restaurant singer . I finally discovered that after the CD randomly decided to play after two weeks of unsuccessful attempts . Boo .
 A very poor compilation CD consisting of legally pirated recordings that are normally offered to the public for free directly from the military . Military performers here in Washington resent what Altissimo does in this and other recordings . More importantly , the recordings were never meant to be placed on commercial CDs and thus the recording quality is terribly inconsistent . Many other patriotic CD 's are much much better . For great patriotic music try the compilation of Sousa marches by the Eastman Wind Ensemble on Mercury or the Robert Shaw Chorale on RCA , the Morman Tabernacle on SONY or the Washington Men 's Camerata on Gothic and SONY . Whatever you do - do n't waste your money on this recording .
 The above reviewer basically has the story right in terms of what Altissimo ! does with its recordings . They also use the same old tracks over and over again on different CDs . How many times can you repeat the same dribble again and again ! This company has been trying to cash in on the post 9/11 patriotic feelings in this country by offering an inferior product . Again , I repeat the above . Shame on Altissimo !!
 This review applies to the two discs numbered
 THIS IS YOUR SILENT SOLDIER K TO THE OTHIS ALBUM IS GARBAGE COMING FROM A PRISON YARD HO.ALL OF G-UNITS ALBUMS ARE A WASTE OF YOUR DOUGH.LISTENING TO THEIR MUSIC IS LIKE GETTING A HEADACHE FROM THE SMELL OF DRO.IF Y' ALL THOUGHT FIFTY IS A GANGSTA BUT HE IS REALLY AMERICAN 5-0 . I AM MORE LIKE RAP VERSION OF THE PUNISHER TO THE RAP GHOST RIDER.HE IS WORSE THAN JA RULE THE RAT KING MOTHERF *** ERNIGGAS LIKE ME ARE THE SLIENT GANGSTA AND THESE NIGGAS THE CERTIFIED B *** % ESI LIVE BY MY OWN CODE AND THESE NIGGAS LIVE THEIR LIVES AS A BUNCH OF CERTIFEID SNITCHESIF THIS WAS SOME STREET TAXES , I DO N'T REPRESENT THEMIF THEY ARE RIDING WITH REPUBLICANS , I DO N'T REPRESENT THEMG-UNIT STOLE JA RULES STYLE FROM MURDER INC , SO I DO N'T BY ANY CD FROM THEMTHE FANS OF HIP-HOP AND RAP REALLY NEED TO WAKE AND GET OFF OF DUDE 'S `` MAGIC STICK `` AND STOP THE G-UNIT MOVMENT FROM BECOMING THE AIDS AND AVIAN FLU EPIDEMIC.G-UNIT SINGS LIKE A LOUSY AMERICAN IDOL AUDITON SOME ONE GET A PARAMEDIC.IF YOU WANT HIP-HIP AND IT 'S ARTIST TO LIVE , DO N'T BUY THEIR GROUP AND SOLO ALBUMS , SO LET GOOD HIP HOP LIVE AND LET LIVE.MORE BOYCOTTS OUR ON THE WAY ! , G,G,G,G,G,G,G,G-UNOT !
 I do n't know what the other reviewer was smoking , but -- DO N'T waste your money on this lousy bootleg . The sound is wretched , the tracks were scraped from the absolute bottom of the Beefheart barrel , and most of them are available elsewhere in much better versions .
 I actually was never able to receive this as I can not access it for what ever reason SO I can not rate it.Not too happy with the MP-3 download process .
 I 'm a major fan of the band and go all the way back to their begining . I saw the original band with Felix several times in the 70 's . When I got `` Sea of Fire '' , Mountain 's other DVD , I was absolutely thrilled with it . It became and still is one of my top ten concert DVD 's in a very large collection . I was anxious to have this one as soon as I learned of it . I got it , listened last night , and WHOA , what happened between `` Sea of Fire '' and this ? Its a 2005 concert with only a stereo option ? What 's up with that ? That would not be so bad if the stereo mix was good , but it 's not . It is inconsistent in volume -LRB- up and down -RRB- and just does not engage you . The video is awful . Bad shots from bad angles , shaky cameras , and it 's dark . The band 's performance is pretty good , but its too short and does not get you excited anyway . I did not care when it ended . `` Sea of Fire '' was shot in a small venue , but it captured the excitement of Mountain 's performance with a bunch of us old geysers in attendance that were there `` in the day '' , but this one looks like its shot in a high school gym with a cover band . I have to question if this is an authorized , official release . Mountain has no mention of it on their web site . It has all the earmarks of a bad bootleg and I would be surprised if the band did authorize this shoddy release . They are however still a good band , and in `` Sea of Fire '' they show it . Get `` Sea of Fire '' , avoid this one unless you want to see for yourself how badly this was produced .
 Being a Mountain fan for many years i am so disappointed in this very poorly produced DVD . The picture quality looks like it was shot with a vhs camera from 1986 ! The sound is even worse . It is THE most disgraceful music dvd i have ever seen . And i am quite sure the band itself had nothing to do with this because i do n't think they would want this
 Well , where do I start . I have genuinly never been so dissapointed with a product in my life . Basically this is a hell of a band , doing a good performance , with possibly the worst production team of all time . The sound is up and down , the camera angles are lame , it fades into tracks 30 seconds into them . In Politician , the volume level goes from about 1db to about 120db and then back down about 40 times within 5 minutes , absolutely shocking . I have Mountain bootlegs on DVD from 1978 which are better quality than this ! Compared to Sea of Fire from a few years back , this is a complete and total let down . Avoid this at all costs , a complete and utter letdown .
 IF THIS IS N'T A BOOTLEG WAY BELOW PROFESSIONAL QUALITY BAD DAY AT THE ROCK CLUB VIDEO THEN I 'M A YOU KNOW WHAT ! DO N'T BUY IT !!!! The technical quality is poor , sounds bad , and has no credits or features . I have never seen a professional video with this kind of bad editing or unacceptable picture image except in low quality bootle videos .
 Unless you love bootleg footage do not buy this . This was filmed by a camcorder and is of very poor quality . This product is not worth what they are asking for it . It is the band Mountain but it has really poor sound as well as video .
 This cd stinks . I liked her first album , but now i feel that she is trying to be a ` dark ' person , and she tries to , but fails miserably . I have heard this cd , and i have looked at the cd booklet . On the back cover , she looks like a dead body , and pale , and yuck . Dont buy it , unless you are a delta freak , who is obsessed with her , and goes on her forum because you are so obsessed
 Uh , i think it is you who needs to get your facts right . See , you are just what i had explained , you are defending her because you want to protect her . Get over it , because she will never escape from bad things being said about her.The music is depressing , because it is about when she had cancer , and please correct me if i am wrong , but is having cancer depressing ? I do not mean to show disrespect , but it is true . So please get a reality check . Find a brain too , while you are at it .
 ik heb deze dvd nog niet gekregen -LRB- hoewel reeds eind oktober besteld -RRB- , dus kan ik er nog niet over oordelen hoe het is
 Got ` Innocent Eyes ' ? Well , these songs are just more of the same - permutations of the same themes in a trillion other pop songs sung by a trillion other male and female pop singers for the last fifty years . Delta Goodrem does n't deal with any ideas the average twelve year old could n't grasp . Looking for insights ? Looking for a personal reflection on the meaning of life ? Looking for a unique perspective on the world and people ? Looking for wit and wisdom ? Looking for comment on the world around us ? Looking for a complex and fascinating puzzle of musical ideas and lyrics ? Looking for musical ` edges ' and cool chord sequences?Well , look elsewhere!I do n't doubt for a moment that as much or more effort went into the cover photograph and the layout of this CD as the actual music contained on this amazingly prosaic and jejune product.What does Delta Goodrem have to say to the world ? Well , after hearing this album a number of times I am none the wiser . However , I suspect that her ` message ' is , if anything , `` please buy me ! '' and `` I need your money and adoration ! My ego needs it ! '' . If there was some whimsey or humour in what she did , I would be willing to forgive her for churning out so much mediocre music . I am not sure how she could do this . Sing a song by Morrisey ? `` Shoplifters of the World Unite '' or `` You 're the one for me , fatty '' would be great coming from Ms Goodrem!Perhaps she needs to work with a much more ` left of centre ' group of musicians ? Mandy Moore did an album of very oblique cover versions and proved that she was something more that a pouting pop princess.At the moment , Delta Goodrem is merely a potential with a pretty face and that is just about the only nice thing I can say about her and this album . If you want heart breaking pop - listen to Karen Carpenter . If you want pop with a beat and a club feel - you 'd choose Kylie Minogue . If you want female pop/rock with ` edge ' - you could improve on Debbie Harry and Blondie . If you want absolutely mindless trash - you 'd listen to Jessica Simpson or Britney Spears . Style ? - listen to Sade or Ute Lemper ! A massive voice ? - go for Chaka Khan . Jazz-Cabaret ? - Belle du Berry from Paris Combo.I am just uncertain what Delta Goodrem albums are supposed to offer the listener ? Maybe they really are simply a money making excercise for Ms Goodrem , who wants to continue to bankroll a jet-setter lifestyle -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I used to like Delta , but now i dont really like her anymore , the reason is because of the obsessive behaviour of people on her official forum . Words can not express how obsessed they are with her . I also dont like her goody image . She is 21 years old , no one can be that goody goody . Her obsessed fans are so obsessed , for example , in one of the topics , they were discussing how her single was number 7 , and then people were making topics like ` we still love you ' to make her feel better . Those people think that they are put on the world to defend delta , and they are all robots , they are all programmed to do everything that delta likes , and they limit their lives to things that only delta likes , so they wouldnt say anything that delta would not like . How obsurd . They are brainless people.Delta always acts so goody goody . She was acting so sad , and heartbroken when mark phillopusis broke up with her , and acting as though she was so betrayed , but in reality , she was going out with brian mcfadden while she dated mark . That just shows that she is not that innocent . It is just an act . She does n't want anyone to pry into her life , well one of the things that you have to put up with in the showbiz , is paparazzi , if you cant deal with people talking about your relationship , then why enter into the industry . Im not trying to be disrespectful , but it is true . Not everyone is so perfect . It is obvious that she is not innocent.The album is okay , but not filled with chart busters . I dont like her dark image . It is just too cliched . There are too many artists that are trying to be dark , and its not working for delta . I think that her songs are quite depressing , and not as good as her previous ones.Well , as they say , three times lucky , so I hope she does better in her third attempt .
 I really wanted to like this album but unfortunately it is so bland that it makes an artist such as Clay Aiken look as cutting edge as Green Day . I can not remember a single song from the album and that 's after ten spins . Her last album was OK but this is truly awful . I hear that Sony is repackaging the album for the USA so lets hope they include some hits .
 All right people , I read the reviews , and thought I should get this album . This is a very boring , flat , heartless album , no feeling , no soul , nothing . After a few songs , I could not bear it . I gave this a few more chances , yup , I listened to it at least 5 times thinking perhaps I was distracted . Writing complex riffs and doing stops here and there and adding backvocals is not and should not be a given recipe for prog metal . I have not heard anything not boring in this album except the 1st song , which is unfortunately too short and led me to buy the album . -LRB- so , listening to the samples on amazon may mislead you.Beware -RRB- How could I know that those 30 seconds were probably the best seconds in the album ?
 This band epitomizes the supposed `` classically influenced '' progressive metal band that fans of real classically influenced progressive metal bands bands -LRB- like emerson , lake , and palmer in the seventies and dream theatre today -RRB- eventually turn to . I put classically influenced in quotation marks when describing this band for a reason.They are not classical . Nor are they close . Writing some predictable , super fast arpeggio for a cheap keyboard doing a bad job at imitating a string section is not the style of classical music . It sounds like it is exactly because it sounds like it is . It shares similar SOUNDS
 This is cheap ... rock from the leadsinger of FasterPussycat . It is about as goth as a ham sanwich . I had such high hopes when I picked this one up , but was sadly crestfallen . One would be better off with some nice Cruxshadows , Bauhaus , Voltaire , Bella Morte , or Joy Division CDs . Or maybe even some of the more violent Nick Cave -LRB- or any Nick Cave , actually -RRB- . Just do n't bother with this album ...
 I loved her first album but this one is the same old same old rehashed time and time again she has reached her limits i 'm afriad .
 I bought this album because I heard one of its songs on the radio and really liked it . I did n't expect to like any of the others but they were n't too bad .
 Typically updated remixes of early eighties dance songs are a mixed lot , and this is no exception . The only remix here I really like is the Madhouse Edit of State Farm . It is CRUCIAL electro , and adds a slick funk to a song that was originally a bit on the cold side , as far as instrumentation is concerned . The remainder of these mixes add NOTHING whatsoever to the original version . That , in my opinion , makes it not particularly worthwhhile .
 None of the mixes is worth buying this CD . The Situation bonus track on the CD version from Upstairs at Erics is more than enough !
 If you 're a real Beck collector , then you already have these b-sides tracks . If not , then get this knowing that there 's other b-sides out there floating around.Plus 30 bucks for 8 tracks is wack .
 Believe it or not I have both the Carpe diem and Bog singles both on vynl ... I am disapointed on the Bog single , but love the Carpe Diem single because of the dance version of the Bog ... which was played even in the pop dance clubs , along with the Goth clubs in Chicago and was a hit!Still yes it is a hard album to find !! Good luck if you can find it , unfortunately mine is not for sale ! : - -RRB-
 This single is n't that great . The original version is excellent -LRB- appearing here as the `` Single Mix '' -RRB- but the other versions are average . They are inspired but are nothing amazing , or worth a five star rating . Madonna without a doubt has some of the most rabid , devoted fans in the world if they are saying all these great things about this single.Here 's a breakdown -LRB- most of the mixes are called `` Vocals '' which implies a cappella , but they obviously are not -RRB- :1 -RRB- `` Single Mix '' -- Same as the album version as far as I can tell .2 -RRB- `` Titanic Vocal '' -- An extended version of the original with some cool new stuff thrown in .3 -RRB- `` Houseboat Vocal '' -- Completely remixed , nothing great tho . The music sounds like a compilation of all the outtakes from other remixes that never got released .4 -RRB- `` Lifeboat Vocal '' -- Not too bad . Borrows a few elements from the above track . Seems to have the same bass line as `` Vogue , '' only running backwards .5 -RRB- `` S.O.S. Mix '' -- Again , borrows from track 3 . Again , nothing great.Unlike the single that preceeded it , `` Justify My Love , '' whose remixes really do deserve 5 stars , this does not . Anyone looking at this probably is one of those rabid Madonna fans that I talked about earlier , since everyone else on the planet has long forgotten this song , so sure , buy this . I 'm sure you 'll be very happy with it .
 NO `` Hooked '' music , just this clown trying to sign Country & Western . What a waste of money . I loved all the other `` hooked on Classic '' CD 's and had looked forward to hearing all my favorte country & western set to that wonderful `` Hooked '' beat ! So disappointing !
 i coulda made this albulm using canned loops from Acid Music . Underground is where this albulm should stay ... tedious and disjointed - puke .
 I have been a Meliah Rage fan since 1988 . I love Mike Munro 's Meliah Rage . This new stuff they are coming out with since they `` reformed '' is trash . Really . If you like your lyrical content about as deep and smart as pro wrestling then this is your album . The music is VERY disappointing . They waited 2 years to release this . I suppose it took them that amount of time to get the backbone to release this trash on their fans . I recommend you find their pre-2000 releases for real metal . This is a travesty . Truly .
 Generic rock n ' roll . We 've been hearing `` cruching chords '' as one admiring reviewer put it , for 30 years or more now . I understand why Hart would do this , is a common enough ploy for musicians who feel its time to get some of those `` dues '' back , but I would have preferred Hart stay with what he was good at .
 If you liked ANY of Alvin Youngblood Hart 's other cd 's , I can almost guarantee you will NOT like this one . It 's garbage . It 's a poor crossover/sellout effort . Thankfully though he went back to acoustic roots music with his most recent release . Pick up anything else by Alvin - his other three cd 's are wonderful music . We 'll just pretend this release never happened ...
 Cousins in his between Strawbs period taking an acoustic approach to a wide range of primarily older Strawbs compositions with Willoughby in lead guitar role . Strawbs and solo fans will not likely be enamoured of this recording the power is lacking in these re-interpretations with one noteable exception . The breathy in your own room vocal of `` I have been my own worst friend '' is an audiophile gem and worth the price of ownership for many fans . Cousins afficianados should really be lobbying A & M for a re-release of `` Two Weeks Last Summer '' featuring Miller Anderson , lead guitar -LRB- formerly of Keef Hartley Band , Hemlock , Overdog , Savoy Brown blah blah blah -RRB- . For a more creditable outing from these two , with the Strawbs supporting , try and find `` Do n't Say Goodbye ''
 very poor recording , music too low , again tried it on 3 different systems . also , it 's missing one of the songs that 's advertised on the cover ? that 's never happened before .
 Well , the packaging IS cool , with reproductions not only of the LP sleeve and disc label , but also the inner paper sleeve . However , the sound is a disaster . The entire disc has been given an extreme treble boost , which creates distortion and completely changes its character . On many songs the percussion -LRB- especially cymbals and snare -RRB- dominates the mix , making a song such as `` Tamp 'Em Up Solid '' sound almost like cocktail jazz . The old CD sounds muffled in comparison , but it - like the rest of Reprise 's domestic CD reissues - was true to the original LP sound . Warner Brothers engineers -LRB- and Ry -RRB- had wonderful ears , and I 'm sure the mix we heard in 1974 was close to the one they wanted . This is like listening to a band from inside the snare drum . I do n't know how someone listening to this album for the first time would react to the new mix , but I ca n't handle it . Painful and disappointing .
 If you love Underground House like I do , please do not waste your time with this Disco throwback . What a pointless CD . Nothing on here is worth listening to . Just the same beat with minor changes on each song . That 's not House . Do n't waste your time with this garbage . If you want some excellent House music get
 The Cream series have yet to REALLY impress me . -LRB- This album is the second addition to my collection , and probably my last -RRB- . Without a doubt , the most energetic song between the two CD 's is Disc 2 's Blow Ya ' Mind by Lock N ' Load . Everyone goes CRAZY in the clubs for this song . I recommend just buying the single of Blow Ya ' Mind , as I did . The mix included in this Cream compilation is NOT the best one out there . L8ter Sk8ter 's
 it was a little too disco-ey for my taste . probably never going to listen to this cd again . there was like 1 or 2 good tracks . the rest sounded like a remake of saturday night fever .
 This is a good budget priced cd , but there are some mistakes . The most glaring is that track 15 is not `` Blue Shadows on the Trails '' and is not even Roy Rogers !!! The song you get is `` I Never See Maggie Alone '' , and it sounds like Kenny Roberts to me . There are a few more songs I wonder about as well.Caveat Emptor !!! The songs do sound good , and I did enjoy them , but was bemused by the glaring errors .
 The history of Street Rats is best documented on Wikipedia but it bears repeating that in Greg Ridley 's own words
 The worst album in the history of ROCK ! So wimpy it may appeal to your parents . From Beginning to end , consistantly bad . Should be in the guiness book of records for the worst album cover of all time . The `` Songs '' are just as , if not , worse than the cover illustration . A complete , COMPLETE waste of time and money . The Farmers almanac is more interesting . Did I mention its not that good ?
 There 's not one good song on this album.Could it be their worst ever?I 'll have to listen to Animalize to make up my mind , but this is really awful .
 Gene simmons looks like MiriamPaul Stanley looks like the lead singer from the CureBruce Kulick looks like he went to a CHEAP plastic surgeonEric carr -LRB- RIP -RRB- Overall a stupid realease just like there other 80s albums.Next review in store Kiss Animalize
 That is a really funny song piss are most likely the worlds relentless jerk offs all they think about is sex sex sex.No wonder at interviews they struggle to breath they have blown their load piss thats the womens job .
 ASYLUM is easily my least favorite KISS album ! There is onlyone good track here and that 's PAUL STANLEY 'S `` TEARS ARE FALLING `` which also has one of BRUCE KULICK 'S only memorable and melodicguitar solos . The rest of this , aside from the chorus to `` LOVE'SA DEADLY WEAPON '' , is junk ; bottom of the barrel KISS . `` UH!ALLNIGHT '' is my least favorite KISS song of all time . It 's lyricsare beyond dumb ; it 's just a horrible song . Most of this isboring 80 's hair metal . The cover is ugly , as are the photos ofthe band members and the production ...
 That is if you do not count `` Carnival Of Souls '' as a KISS album . This album began the real downfall of KISS in the mid-80s . Some of the worst songwriting in KISStory matched with the lack of talent from Bruce Kulick make for one sorry album . Seems KISS agreed the album stuck since only 2 songs were part of the regular set list during the Asylum tour .
 For this wan na be hair metal albums . It is an odd assortment of misses with a few diamonds in the rough . Bruce Kulick 's first album ... you can hear the Van Halen-esque guitar and an obviously forced sound from him . Other than the three videos released from this album all of the other songs are pure filler ! Definatley a misguided effoert . You can tell Gene has more input on it -LRB- compared to Animalize -RRB- . This album is for collectors and completeists only ! You can get the good stuff on compilations ... Do n't email me about that comment ! Highest point -- > Tears Are Falling .
 This album lacked something , but i cant quite place my finger on what.Maybe they didnt spend enough time on the songs.Bruce Kulick made his debut here , and i believe he did a fine job with the songs he had to work with.I think they were trying to sound too much like what alot of other 80 's rock bands were like at the time.Mind you Eric Carr did a supurb job on the skins.Kiss were releasing albums quickly those days , and i think this was a rare slip up.But upon saying all that there is some good songs here.My fav song on it is Trial By Fire.I think this has a realy good catchy tune , and Gene used realy inspirational lyrics.King Of The Mountain kicks off the Cd but other than Erics great drumming i cant rate the song too high , i like it ... just.Any Way You Slice It is not too bad but ... hmmm like most of the Cd its just ok.I think what we expect from Kiss is consistently brilliant songs.While the album is good , on Kiss 's standard its low.Who Wants To Be Lonely ... yeah not bad but doesnt realy hit the spot like i think its supposed to.I 'm Alive , im afraid this song doesnt hit the spot eather.I dont realy like it that much , sounds like they were trying too hard.Love 's A Deadly Weapon.This is not bad though.Gene was busy making movies and stuff at the time.But i dunno even though i like it , its not the usual Kiss at their best.Tears Are Falling , I actually think this songs a bit boring.Once again its kinda ok ... but im sounding like a parrot.Secretly Cruel , I think Gene started off with a good idea for this song but i dont think it turned out like he wanted it.Radar For Love , this songs ok ... but ... naaa i wont say it.Uh ! All Night.Like the song , but like most of the Cd its just sorta ok.Mind you if you compare this Cd with alot of other big bands around at the time it walks all over them.When it first came out i played it alot.But i think the problem is that it is not like other Kiss albums that stand the test of time .
 I think on me as one of the GOOD KissManiac . But , you know , my brain is not p ***** and I can -LRB- still -RRB- separate nice music and strong rock from s *** music and pink rock . This is the WORST Kiss album
 Unmasked was the record that made me a Kiss fan in 1980 , this one made me ditch the band from my playlist for years ! Too many Kiss fans dislike Unmasked -LRB- give it a second chance ! -RRB- , but this is the one that reeks ! I gave this album plenty of chances , but in the end I had to admit to myself that I could never like it no matter how hard I tried . It have the weakest songs the band ever put on a record , even Pauls songs are dreadful ! From the god awful cover to the horrible `` hits '' , this album have it all , and it all S-T-I-N-K-S ! It 's a matter of taste I guess , since some call this the best Kiss record -LRB- was that irony ? -RRB- . If you want a Kiss album , go for Alive ! , Dressed to kill or for the catchy pop album Unmasked .
 I remember when KISS was in the Studio recording Asylum ... The said this album was getting back to their roots ... . Now over 20 years later , nothing was more wrong . This is no way going back to old Kiss stuff . Has to be one of the worst Kiss efforts ever . Only Smashes is worse .
 This is Gene Simmons , Paul Stanley , The Late Great Eric Carr & a hired gun , who is trying to fill Ace 's shoes , using the Kiss name to make money . Anyone who had the original poster booklet from the vinyl version of Kiss `` Alive '' taped up on their wall knows what I 'm talking about . This is a average hard rock record at best.Any die-hard Kiss fan who has this album on their shelf , like me , bought it to to keep their Kiss collection complete and that 's it.Virtually unlistenable if played after `` Alive '' , `` Destroyer '' or any other 70 's era Kiss album .
 Asylum would begin Kiss 's creative musical decline . Although this album would be a big seller , the great heavy metal tracks featured on their previous albums Creatures Of The Night , Lick It Up , and Animalize are nowhere to be found . Despite the strong performances from both guitarist Bruce Kulick and drummer Eric Carr , most of the tracks here are unmemorable and the best tracks are n't among their best work.Paul Stanley has the best tracks here , most notably the ballads `` Tears Are Falling '' and `` Who Wants to Be Lonely ? '' The thunderous opening track `` King Of The Mountain '' is also pretty good . This may be Gene Simmons ' weakest collection of songs on a Kiss album , with `` Any Way You Slice It '' being the only standout . The rest of the tracks are weak by Kiss standards . `` I 'm Alive '' and `` Love 's A Deadly Weapon '' are very heavy songs , but despite featuring some lightning fast solos from Kulick , do n't stand out . Worst yet , the tracks `` Radar For Love '' , `` Trial By Fire '' , `` Secretly Cruel '' , and `` Uh ! All Night '' are all filler , probably their worst batch of songs since Unmasked . Eric Carr 's drumming is great throughout , particularly on the heavier tracks , but even his impressive performance ca n't save this album . It is a tad better than their next album Crazy Nights , but it still remains one of their weakest albums .
 It was the mid-80 's and KISS had jumped onto the hair-metal bandwagon that they helped to inspire . I rate Asylum as one of the worst KISS albums , but it is still worth a listen , especially for KISS fans -LRB- which I think everyone is deep down -RRB- . Asylum is a bit lighter overall than the band 's previous albums of this era -LRB- Creatures , Lick It Up , Animalize -RRB- and shows glimpses of the more commercial 80 's fare that the band progressed to on the next album Crazy Nights -LRB- 1987 -RRB- . Perhaps this is due to Paul again collaborating with hit-maker Desmond Childs.Asylum marks the introduction of Bruce Kulick as the band 's lead guitarist . Bruce remained with the band for about the next 10 years , giving some much needed stability.Song By Song : King Of The Mountain -LRB- Paul -RRB- I never really appreciated this song at the time , but it has aged well . Good drum intro . Probably contains the most guitar wank crammed into a KISS song.Any Way You Slice It -LRB- Gene -RRB- Lazy effort by Gene , unfortunately typical of this era . Only highlight is the sassy ending `` You know you aint your mama 's little daughter , anymore ... '' . Never one to waste a cliche , Gene recycled this song title from his earlier song `` Burn Bitch Burn '' -LRB- Animalize -RRB- . Who Wants To Be Lonely -LRB- Paul -RRB- Decent 80 's rock song packed with emotion.Trial By Fire -LRB- Gene -RRB- One of the better Gene efforts of this era , it has a promising start and actually has a melody.I 'm Alive -LRB- Paul -RRB- Attempt at a fast thrashy all-out rocker . Rip-off of the slightly superior Under The Gun -LRB- from Animalize -RRB- . Does n't quite cut it , although Paul gives 110 % . Love 's A Deadly Weapon -LRB- Gene -RRB- More thrashy rock . This is the album where Paul and Gene 's songs sound the most similar . Unfortunately for Gene , his vocals just do n't have the same range and strength . Good bass during the lead solo.Tears Are Falling -LRB- Paul -RRB- A very good and under-rated song . Great melody and great feeling , thisis fairly different from other KISS songs . Bruce holds back in the lead solo and it is one of his best.Secretly Cruel -LRB- Gene -RRB- A boring Gene plodder . He must have had a few spare minutes on a flight between Hollywood and New York.Radar For Love -LRB- Paul -RRB- Led Zeppelin anyone ? Average riff rock.Uh ! All Night -LRB- Paul -RRB- Part old-school KISS , part Heaven 's On Fire , all sleaze . Not a bad effort.Paul and Gene produced this album themselves and the sound quality is not great , although it sounds much better on CD than it did on vinyl . Both Gene 's and Paul 's vocals sound rough and strained . Eric 's drumming and drum sound are quite good.Overall there are a few good songs , and some moments of KISS magic .
 ` King of the Mount&agrave;in ' is Paul 's best song since ` Love Gun ' and damn if ` Tears ' does n't score a solid artstic hit with ` Who Wants to be Lonely ? ' and ` Love 's a Deadly Weapon ' gettng points for effort . Erc puts more of a stamp on this and Bruce does -LRB- or is it Jean Beavoir ? -RRB- a good Gene bass impression ; Gene 's auto-pilot when it omes to , you know , actually making the records approaching critical mass . And Paul ends up throwing in the towel too , the remaining tracks on here ... I 'm still cleaning the chunks of my walls that this record spewed out of the speakers . It 's like that feeling you get when you watch four hours of daytime TV while pounding glazed doughnuts .
 After the power-punch return to melodic metal rock with 1984 's ` Animalize ' , and the recruitment of yet another lead guitarist in Bruce Kulick -LRB- who would stay til they once more donned their make-up 12 years later -RRB- , Kiss 's 1985 album , ` Asylum ' , proved a pretty lackluster offering.Paul Stanley produced the album . But without the powerful drum sounds captured by producer Michael James Jackson on ` Creatures of the Night ' and ` Animalize ' , the original mix sounds very thin -LRB- though , the 1998 remaster gives it some much needed oomph -RRB- . The band returned to co-writing with one another on much of it , but the results are generally weak and on the pop rock side of things . Even input on six out of the ten tracks from staple 80s and 90s hitmaker , Desmond Child , fails to produce results . Paul Stanley 's ` Tears Are Falling ' is the only standout . The opening ` King of the Mountain ' is reasonable , but would have sounded far better with heavier production . The rest are on the puerile side -LRB- ` Uh ! All Night ' etc -RRB- , sounding very much in the vein of the crop of weak-kneed 80s US pop metal hair bands at the time.The over-riding sense you get from ` Asylum ' is that the contract required it and the band was n't really committed .
 Kiss have at least since the 1980 's been very sensitive to musical trends . After their excellent period of hard rock , Simmons and Stanley put their fingers up in the air to see where the winds were blowing ... After two pop sounding albums -LRB- `` Dynasty '' and `` Unmasked '' -RRB- the two leaders decided -LRB- against the will of Ace Frehley -RRB- to record a theme album
 That guy that said Asylum was the definitive Kiss album is out of his mind . This was one of their worst albums and to call it definitive is an insult . Dressed To Kill and Destroyer are definitive albums . They did n't have one release in the 80 's that was worth even 3 stars .
 This release is a bit more commericial than Animalize and Lick it Up . All the songs have energy , but most of them still are forgettable . The best songs are `` Tears Are Falling , '' `` Uh ! All Night , '' and `` Who Wants to be Lonely . '' Those three are actually good songs , but unfortunately the rest of the songs do n't match up . I give this album 2.5 stars .
 I 've heard worse albums so this one is not too bad.With the songs Tears Are Falling and Who Wants To Be Lonely at least Paul Stanley is trying to write decent material.Anyway You Slice It is actually the best Gene Simmons song of the unmasked period.The rest is drivel .
 After seeing that this was an `` acoustic tribute '' , I decided to check out the amazon page for the cd ... I never even bought it because the songs were terrible . Anytime one band wants to cover another band , they should make sure they are acutally talented . The singer in this garbage sounds like he is straining his voice . The rapper sounds like he loses his breath a couple of times and the songs sound crappy . I was hoping someone would come out with an acoustic Linkin Park album . I would prefer it be Linkin Park ... But if they never do and someone else decides they want to do it , please bring some talent to the studio so we can all sleep better at night ... Thank You .
 Hybrid Theory used to be my favorite album ... and it 's still my guilty pleasure . The albums that followed were rather dissapointing . So I was pretty curious to this '' tribute '' -LRB- hah tribute , you mean RAPING -RRB- , when I saw most of the songs were from HT -LRB- and I like Zeromancer -RRB- . This makes my ears bleed ! I 'm wondering if these guys are serious . I dont know if they heard it by themselves , when they finished this cd , but this is just HORRIBLE . Maybe they thought it sounded nice when they were singing it -LRB- it always sounds nice in your head , but when you hear it back on tape or something . . its horrid -RRB- . The singer is the most dominating factor I dont like . He CANT sing OR scream . The rapper was ... '' decent '' -LRB- well comparing to the singer -RRB- . I think these performers didnt made this '' tribute '' because they respect LP , but because they want to make fun of them or something : oOh and if you were so naieve to ignore these reviews , thinking this can be okay , and you bought this anyway . . well just laugh about how horrible the singer is and forget the money you spend on.Dont buy this . . -LRB- hmm maybe if you want to torture your arch enemy who is LP-fan . . or even when he is n't -RRB- .
 This CD is ... . I ca n't even say what I want to say without getting in trouble by the law ! ;-RRB- Anyway ... if you want to listen to Linkin Park , just get the real CDs . The ONLY fair song is idiot music , other tracks are horrible
 Ok , so one of the coolest aspects of Linkin Park is their hard guitar riffs and of course the screaming . Not to mention the rap side of the band . Now , this cd has accoustic guitars and bongos . That should say something right there . -LRB- SUCKY -RRB- . But besides that , I wonder if these goths are even trying to immitate Linkin Park . Sadly , I think that they are . They cant sing on key , cant rap , cant do any of the screaming , or anything else they are entitled to do when doing a tribute to Linkin Park.So Im a pretty hardcore Linkin Park fan . I have all the albums and ive seen them live twice . Now , if your someone like me , this lazy crap-for-crap `` Gothic Tribute '' CD is just downright funny . I laughed so hard i cried.Oh yeah . I didnt even buy the cd . I just listened to the samples .
 Not only does this sound like it was recorded in a bathroom stall , but whoever 's singing sounds horribly strained . I sounds like crappy acapella - without any semblance of Harmony . Digital mastering and production does a lot for Linkin Park , and talent does quite a bit too . These guys have neither . I 've heard horrible music before , but this may be the worst .
 Okay . I listened to these samples.And they really suck.These singers ' voices ... they do n't even compare to the ones of -LSB- ... -RSB- . It saddens me.Please . Do n't buy this piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Not only did I not like the cd , when I tried to return it I had very bad customer service . It will be quite some time before I do any business with Amazon , if ever .
 This CD is tha biggest B.S. I done heard in a long time ! 2 versions exactly tha same of tha same song ??? These ppl R tryin to be all pro-black/political and all that but tha thing is u need to be intellegente to write those kind of rhymes not racist ; which is what these clowns do ! And their music video completely contradicts its self ! * Pimp tha system with Westside Connection ; not these fool !!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS CR * P!PEACE
 Wonderful advice for the young generation , pick on white boys , shoot police . This will really get you far .
 Dead Prez 's first album `` Lets Get Free '' put almost everything else in the hip-hop universe in its place ; a timeless classic . Original in so many ways -- instrumentation with African percussion , positive revolutionary messages , clever themes such as the Animal Farm song and so many other things -- really made that album revolutionary in more ways than the lyrics.RBG has the same theme , but it 's totally watered-down by generic beats and lyrics . While Lets Get Free demanded the fans to try harder , this album is more sympathetic to bad behavior . And the album itself is terribly short -- 45 minutes , including 3 duplicate tracks -LRB- Radio freq is re-named but otherwise identical to track 2 from Turn Off the Radio vol 1 ; RBG also has 3 versions of `` hell yeah '' and 2 of `` do n't forget . '' -RRB- Lets Get Free was as revolutionary musically as lyrically . This one is not . Nothing like `` Mind Sex '' or `` Im a African '' or other breakthroughs.Maybe cuz `` Sean C. '' had his hand in this one.RBG has about 30 minutes of original material . And I paid 20 bones for this disc . lame .
 when Compared to Let 's get free '' this Album just kinda hits you once & then you almost forget about it.the Subject Matter is on point but the Producton & vibe just seems dense in other areas & there is n't that One cut that just gets at me like they did in the past .
 Dead prez opened my eyes a few years ago when I heard Lets Get Free . Amazing Hip-Hop . I awaited this album for a long long time . And when I heard it , I wanted to puke . The positive messages of community and freedom were gone , replaced by odes to getting `` Fu * ked Up '' and drive bys of Police stations.These guys have disenfranchised themselves . The Revolution will be one of mind and soul , not one of guns and money , the tools of the capitalists . LEts get Free understood this . RBG is a sell out tool , and I hope it does n't sell worth at all . They need to fire their Jay-Z-esque beat writers and get back to their hip hop roots . Even the rhymes sound more mainstream.Dissapointing , but I 'll still go see them live , hoping to hear some old stuff.Go get their first album , but let this one fester . Hopefully they 'll get the idea .
 can you say sellout ?! What happened to the old dead prez ... this was the most anticipated hip-hop album this year and it was long awaited ... . It also happens to be one of the biggest dissappointments ... . all i can say is WTF ?! pick up one of their older Cds to see how it shoulda been done ... dont waste your time !
 If you have heard of Dead Prez before , you 've already formulated your opinion about them . Regardless of the quality of this album , if you do not like their message , nothing -LRB- and certainly not any reviews -RRB- will make you like this album . Dead Prez has always been completely focused on there message and you wo n't escape it on there albums . If you do n't like it , I can understand why this music does not appeal to you.The big difference between this album an their debut is the expectations . Let 's Get Free came out of know where and blew people away . With RBG , not only did they have to live up to that hype , but the hype around the release of the album . The 5 Mic rating from the Source before it 's shelving , made RBG more desired than it should have been . As a result people were more than eagerly anticipating a revolutionary album in every sense of the word.That being said the album does not live up to expectations , but from that how could it without being perfect . But , RBG is a solid album in many ways . For the most part the production by Stic hits well , laying down dark beats to match the subject matter . Both Stic and M1 flow really well over both hard-hitting and fast paced tracks . Lyrically every line is focused on a message , making the quality of their rhymes even better . Once again , the message does not change and if the revolutionary concept is not for you , you will not like Dead Prez . Perhaps you can accuse the group of being monotonous , but then again you have to give them credit -LRB- how many rappers have an album with no messages or meaning -RRB- . Both the intro and conclusion work well -LRB- Do n't Forget where U Came From , Do n't Forget where U Goin ' -RRB- . Walk like a Warrior is a pretty nice track , nothing special . I have a Dream , Too is the most violent song on the album , calling for straight up police brutality , an ok song the message does get lost and jumbled on this song however -LRB- `` we bout to turn drive-bys revolutionary '' -RRB- . D.O.W.N. is a solid track . W-4 & Radio Freq are the highlights of the album , the latter address the popular crap they play on the radio . F *** ed up switches the message to a surprising take on the evil 's of alcohol , an impressive somber track . 50 in the Clip is fairly short , easily skippable . Way of Life is a nice song but fairly short and lacks content to back it up.The downfalls of the album occur far more than they should . The first being the production tends to blend together , most beats are somber , dark and sound too similar . It 's just not as varied musically as it should . Radio Freq & Hell-Yeah are the only exceptions . Which brings up another problem , Hell-Yeah appears on this album 3 different times , which is unnecessary . Jay-Z appears on the Remix , and rips the track , but at the same time makes you question the integrity of the song . Jay-Z is certainly one of the best , but he never has come close to ever being militant or revolutionary -LRB- let alone gangsta -RRB- . Finally the album is only 45 min . long . Take away 2 versions of Hell-Yeah , the intro & outro , and the skits in between its really less than 35 min !! Illmatic would be missing a lot if it was only 35 min long , so certainly any other album could not pull this off . This is just too short ; it just makes you wonder what happened ? They certainly did n't run out of material seeing as they released two mixtapes in between albums . All in all nothing really jumps out at the listener , nothing really captivates your attention and with a few exceptions -LRB- F *** ed up , W-4 , Radio Freq -RRB- it fails to make you stop and think more than 3 seconds.Overall the album just feels like it lacks the fire of their first album . If you 're a Dead Prez fan , chances are it wo n't live up to your expectations . Same goes for those who herd a lot of hype about the album . Sometimes it is necessary to live up to expectations , especially when you create them for yourself . Dead Prez did n't really fall off in there talent , production , or message ; they just did n't satisfy the army of people that were hungry for more .
 I coped this album back in 04 basically because `` letsgetfree '' was so dope . At the time , I was bumping this in my college dorm room and thought I was pretty damn cool because of it . Given that many moons have passed and a lot has changed in my outlook since then , I 'd like to share my thoughts on an album that I listened quite a bit back in my younger days.The good
 Straight up
 You ca n't fault these four musicians for rushing out and selling a CD as a `` Maurice Gibb Tribute '' . However , it is not an album - it is one song at the price of an album . It 's a good rendition but only for full Bee Gees fans . It 's also an odd choice , given that it is one of the few singles of the Bee Gees that Maurice Gibb did not write . I returned mine and I love the Gibbs .
 The first volume of the set was great.Volume 2 is another matter.If this was his greatest hits , I wonder were I was when they were being made great.Could have pasted on this one all togather .
 did n't realize so much of his early stuff was devoted to talking about , celebrating , using illegal drugs . Some of the music i like , but not most of the lyrics .
 He really captured the abysmal feelings of bereavement that caused him and the band to remain so drunk , so drugged that they could n't play in time , or sing on pitch or give any evidence that they cared . Fine for them ; work it out however you have to . But why a listener should have to pay for such indulgence is beyond me . Young is not afraid to record mistakes nor to release them . But music fans should n't have to pay for them unless they are the most ardent collectors or Young fans .
 This album 's reputation is legendary , no doubt . But is it really as good as everyone says it is ? Not really . The songs are , for the most part , mediocre , especially in light of Young 's first four solo albums , `` Deja Vu '' and Buffalo Springfield . The playing is inept and lifeless and the singing is abysmal . Young 's voice is strained and off-key for most of the album which does nothing to enhance material that is n't very good to start with.You do n't even get very many original songs ... `` Tonight 's the Night '' is played twice for no apparent reason and `` Borrowed Tune '' is the Rolling Stones `` Lady Jane '' with new lyrics -- bad ones . The Stones , bizarrely , are n't credited as co-composers . Some of the material was not even intended for this project . The best track , `` Come on Baby Let 's go Downtown '' was recorded years earlier at a Crazy Horse concert ... This track has taken it 's rightful place now on the excellent `` Live at Fillmore '' record . The second best track , `` New Mama '' was intended for CSNY 's `` Human Highway '' album . I 'm grateful that this song found a home somehere -- too bad it had to be here!The rest of the album , 9 tracks in all , are wretched.The reputation of this album is utterly without foundation . It seems to have gained a solid reputation BECAUSE it 's so bad ... as if `` bad '' is really good in this case . The album is rated highly because everyone , Neil Young included , SAYS it 's good -- you just have to `` understand it '' . If you do n't get it , you 're not cool ... something like that.If you ask me , this `` Emperor of Wyoming '' has no clothes . It 's about time someone finally pointed it out !
 I understand that many people like this album for the lyrics describing Neil Young 's feelings after two of his band members overdosed . But people need to understand he was drunk , sounded drunk , he vocals are not like in `` Harvest '' , the music is not melodic at all . Only fanatic Neil Young fans would like this record .
 Not NY 's best and except for a few tunes easily the weakest of the trilogy of pain albums . Knowing he can do a lot better makes this a must pass for me . Cool cover photo though . The irony is NY 's worst is still better than anything Johnny Rotten ever did.Now let 's see `` Time Fades Away '' on CD .
 Look , I 'm not gon na lie to you . There is no way you can physically help yourself from singing `` C'mon Baby Let 's Go Downtown '' . . -LRB- i KNOW that riff is on some pearl jam CD somewhere -RRB- . I mean , I know Neil quite well -LRB- in the biblical sense -RRB- , and he 's just as excellent a tunesmith and melodymaker than Sir Dumbass McCartney . But , listen people ... jus ' because he lost a couple drinking buds does n't mean he can play this sloppily and speak-sing his way to musical genius -LRB- who does he think he is Lou Reed , circa 1992 . . get real . -RRB- All I see is some quickly thrown together rehashed bar songs . Did he even try to compose some coherent melodies ? I mean , i feel embarassment for the man when listening to the chorus on `` Mellow My Mind '' . `` New Mama '' would be a LOT better if they had hired some decent studio back up vocals . I mean , his slow songs are just cheesy and preachy . The falsetto croon on `` After the Gold Rush '' is no where to be heard here , sorry people . The ONLY other good song on here is `` Lookout Joe '' . But you can just download that . Bottom line , homies . . if this album is supposed to project any darkness , depravity , sorrow , or wallowing of any kind ... well , um . . let 's just say you should buy anything else before 1974 by this cowboy . peace .
 It 's obvious that most Neil Young fans are thrilled with him no matter what sort of dreck he comes up with . But speaking as a long-time -LRB- since Buffalo Springfield days ; I saw the first CSNY concert -RRB- fan myself , I have to say that this one just does n't cut it.I saw Young in concert not long before this album came out , and he performed many of the songs . These versions are poorly performed and sloppily produced . And the album has no real point of view ; despite the efforts to portray it as having an anti-drug message , it also contains such pro-drug gems as `` Roll Another Number for the Road . `` Young deserves credit for his ambitious musical reach , but this one , which was well within his territory , thoroughly exceeded his graasp .
 This was Mountain MkII - the original quartet had split in 1972 , then Leslie West and Felix Pappalardi re-formed with a new drummer and second guitarist for one passable if uninspired studio album -LRB- `` Avalanche '' in 1974 -RRB- and this concert souvenir . And that 's putting it politely ; both West and Pappalardi seem to be phoning it in , and drummer Schwartzberg - aside from being no Corky Laing -LRB- one of the most underrated hard rock drummers of the early 1970s -RRB- - is more sledgehammer than rhythm expander . The original double album included a two-sides-long version of `` Nantucket Sleighride '' that seemed an exercise in lost self-indulgence upon original release , and it still sounds that way . If you 're a longtime Mountain fan , you 've heard way better from them . This album is thoroughly unworthy of them even today .
 As a long-time fan of Mountain , I found this set to be far less than satisfactory . Leslie West and Felix Pappalardi are here , but Corky Laing and Steve Knight are absent , replaced by Bob Mann and Alan Schwartzberg , neither of whom plays well . Mann 's guitar/keyboard work is surpassed in its awfulness only by Schwartzberg 's drumming , which is simply dreadful . However , no one in this lineup appears to have any real enthusiasm , slogging through one ragged number after another . The version of `` Nantucket Sleighride '' is so long that it soon becomes an exercise in pure tedium ; it 's a wonder that anyone in the audience was able to stay awake all the way through . None of the other cuts on this album is much better ; in fact , the highlight is the moment during Leslie 's `` Guitar Solo '' when a speaker blows ; the rest of the album merely blows . This entire set sounds like a contractual obligation , and nothing more .
 For those who are familiar with the earlier work of Mountain , this one is a major disappointment . Although both Leslie West and Felix Pappalardi are here , neither is in top form , and Alan Schwartzberg proves that he is no Corky Laing . Much like John Bonham , Corky Laing played a significant role in defining the sound of his band ; Schwartzberg is mediocre in comparison . Bob Mann adds nothing to the mix , and is about as inconspicuous -LRB- and insignificant -RRB- as Steve Knight . The performances are ragged , and Felix sounds especially tired -LRB- or bored -RRB- . The half-hour-plus rendition of `` Nantucket Sleighride '' is overblown , ridiculously long , and boring . There is nothing here that has n't been done much better somewhere else , making this a must for completists only .
 Whew ... where do I start with this one ... ` Crazy Nights ' was released in 1987 , when such glam metal acts like Poison and Bon Jovi were the big commercial success in rock and roll . This album was also the third of four KISS albums released in the 1980 's -LRB- the other three being ` Animalize ' , ` Asylum ' & ` Hot In The Shade ' -RRB- that band members Paul Stanley and Gene Simmons have since lambasted due to the misdirection of the band and their musical vision at the time . First off , this album is bad for a few reasons
 crappy pop-hair metal . cmon they had to go to diane warren -LRB- the power ballad songwriter-for-hire -RRB- to write songs with paul on this one -LRB- at least on the elder , they brought on lou reed as lyricist , not some top 40 bland ballad songwriter like diane warren ?? -RRB- i bought this on vinyl back in the day but i do not expect to be re-buying or downloading this turd again . file under bad bon jovi wan na be . worst track is `` bang bang you '' and `` good girl gone bad '' - just horrible caca lyrics and outdated eighties hair metal production . i will give it two stars instead of one because i save my one star ratings for caca like britney spears and other really horrible music that makes crazy nights sound like abbey road .
 This is definitely almost at the top of the pile when it comes to the worst Kiss Albums . I ca n't believe this is rated half a star better than unmasked which is a solid record . I would not call this glam/hair metal this is more in tune to Michael Bolton than Motley Crue.On the other hand if you like Michael Bolton then this will be a feast for your ears .
 `` Crazy Nights '' is a strange album ... chocked right in the center of the burgeoning pop/glam metal of the late 80 's , it straddles the line between being completely in style , but also being horribly out of place.The first problem with `` Crazy Nights '' is the material ... it 's loaded with weak , unfocused songs which harken back to the first pop phase of Kiss circa 1980 ; the second problem is the somewhat lackluster performances , particularly from Gene Simmons , whose attention again was drawn away from Kiss to his movie career at the time.Just prior to `` Crazy Nights '' , Simmons had completed the stupid horror film `` Trick Or Treat '' , and was filming the equally dumb `` Never Too Young To Die '' while the album was being recorded . His presence is diminished , appearing only on `` No No No '' and `` Thief In The Night '' , both of which sound very uninspired and derivative.The third problem is with the production ... Stanley -LRB- & allegedly Simmons -RRB- had produced the last two albums , but this time they opted for an outside producer ; they chose veteran producer Ron Nevison after both expressed a mutual desire to work with the other . Nevison had produced albums for Thin Lizzy , UFO , The Who , Ozzy Osbourne , and most successfully , Heart ; but choosing him to produce the album had a nearly disastrous effect for Kiss.Nevison 's production on `` Crazy Nights '' is both slick and smooth , but also flat and dull ; the heavy rock edge is melted away again as keyboards and synthesizers make a sudden reappearance and dominate much of the proceedings , especially on the lame tracks `` My Way '' , `` Turn On The Night '' , and the Heart ripoff `` Reason To Live '' , which was released as a single and a video , both of which went nowhere . Once more , Kiss fans were scratching their heads in disbelief.This would mark the second time in the band 's career that they began facing a sharp decline in their fan base , as well as record sales and concert attendance ; Kiss would again need a miracle , but it would still be some time in coming .
 When `` Crazy Nights '' was released , I had just received my first CD player for my birthday . This was the second CD I ever purchased -LRB- Metallica - Garage Days , Re-revisited was the first -RRB- . The rest of my Kiss collection was either on cassette or vinyl , and I was looking forward to my first kiss CD ! But when I gave it a listen , I was disappointed by the lack of `` edge '' in the songs . Kiss sounded like they were trying to be Bon Jovi or Poison , two bands that I did n't much care for at the time . As a music trader , I ended up swapping this title for something else ... However , I recently decided to complete my Kiss collection , and this was the only hole in the discography . If you are a completest , or enjoy late 80s radio friendly hard rock , this is worth the purchase price for a used copy .
 well this ai n't it . After listening to this you 'll search the inside cover looking for Kip Winger 's writing credits . This below par ` pop ' album does n't have a rocker on it . The title tune could be redone by Hanson with more credibility . This pains me to say this , being a huge KISS fan , but this album belongs in the garbage bin -LRB- not even good enough for the bargain bin -RRB- . It should be evident that Gene 's presence on this album is that of a paper tiger . Without Gene to anchor Paul a little bit , you end up with a light Paul Stanley solo album , which is exactly what this is . I mean c'mon , this album has Paul Stanley written all over it . KEYBOARDS ! you got ta be kidding ! I guess since Van Halen was doing it , KISS could too . That 's the problem with KISS , a veteran rock band that jumps on every fad and band wagon that comes along . They were clearly writing this album with their pockets in mind than their fans . I 'd even go as far as to say that their ` disco days ' outrock this . EVERY SINGLE SONG SOUNDS THE SAME ! This was a sad period for KI$ $ . Thank God they never tried to put out a ` swing ' album . Whoops ! I may have spoken to soon .
 This is definitely my least favorite Kiss album . The mid to late 80 's was a weird time for Kiss , as they tried to sound like all of the other hair metal bands that were popular at that time , like Cinderella , Bon Jovi , etc. . Their albums continued to sell very well ... all of them went either Gold or Platinum , but they did n't deserve to , seeing how bad the music was.Gene Simmons was still in the band , but only physically ... his mind seemed to be everywhere else . His songs on most of the Kiss albums after `` Creatures of the Night '' were amongst his worst ever . I ca n't recommend or even remember the songs that Gene contributed to `` Crazy Nights '' . That left Paul Stanley to pick up the slack and unfortunately , most of his songs were n't that memorable this time around either . Or , if they were memorable , like the horrible title track , one wishes they were n't ! This was Kiss doing Eighties pop hair metal and if I did n't jump ship with Asylum -LRB- though I wanted to ! -RRB- , I definitely did this time . I mean , when the best song on a Kiss album is a BALLAD -LRB- `` Reason To Live '' -RRB- , you know you 're in trouble.When listening to this album again sometime last year , the thing that bothered me the most was Eric Carr 's boring , unadventurous 4/4 metal drumming . Carr -LRB- may he rest in peace -RRB- was easily my least favorite Kiss drummer.Guitarist Bruce Kulick was technically very proficient , but he was all about flash and notes , not feel . He was also not much of a songwriter . `` Crazy Nights '' is very much a Kiss album in terms of lyrics , which deal with partying , hanging out with lots of naked women when you 're not breaking up with them , etc. . . It 's a very happy album , I guess , though it does n't cheer me up at all.I ca n't recommend it !
 What the heck is this garbage ??? This stuff is Kiss at their lowest point ! My grandma could make better music than this ! I wouldnt be so hard in these guys if I didnt think that they could do so much better ! This band was never the same since Peter and Ace left ! Thank goodness they are back to put Gene and Paul back on the right track !
 This is a rotten friggin ' album . Lame songs with very few hooks and no compelling lyrics , either . Even the cover sucks . These dudes were all too ugly to be on the cover without makeup . They should have left it on . They could have made the next character the evil internet file sharing downloader ... put a dollar sign on his face with a circle and bar over the top ... granted this was before the internet . . but still ... this album bites .
 Crazy Nights was Kiss ' lame attempt at sounding like such `` juggernauts '' as Poison and Great White . Why the band moved into this weak direction was beyond me . Every song in this album sounds the same and is limp . I am so glad that Kiss does not put this material out anymore .
 `` Crazy Nights '' was released in 1988 . This was in my opinion the low point of Kiss ' career . Gone was the momentum generated by `` Animalize '' and , to a lesser degree , `` Asylum . '' Also gone was that signature Kiss sound . To me , this album sounded so plastic , so uninspired . Even 1980 's roundly trashed `` Unmasked '' had its redeming factors . `` Crazy Nights '' is probably the dullest thing Kiss has ever put out . `` Reason To Live , '' while having a nice message sounds too much like Foreigner 's `` I Want To Know What Love is . '' Songs such as `` Bang Bang You '' , `` No , No , No '' , and `` My Way '' -LRB- not the Frank Sinatra version -RRB- sound like throw-aways from the `` Asylum '' sessions.Sadly , the album has not aged well . If you want to listen to what Kiss was , check out almost any other album from their back catalog . `` Crazy Nights '' would put Kiss on a downward spiral from which they would n't recover until 96 's Reunion Tour .
 Boy , praise the lord KISS is back in their normal phase . This album is absolutely junk . I definitely have to say KISS is the `` hottest band in the world '' but this certainly does not support that saying at all . First of all , Paul Stanley is a guitarist , not a piano player . Secondly , this is hardly even music . It was almost like someone was squeazing the guys stomachs to `` sing '' and `` play '' . This is definitely not a good example when introducing someone to KISS . Bow down and praise the men who saved KISS , Ace and Peter . Bob and Eric are very talented , but do n't belong on the stage . Sorry guys , this just does not cut .
 i am being kind when I say this is the worst KISS album . In truth , it is the worst pop metal album of the 80s . And this from a die hard KISS fan . The cliches are abundant -LRB- and considering KISS is full of cliches , that 's quite an accomplishment -RRB- . i remember Paul Stanley saying that this was an attempt to record another ` destroyer ' . He must not own the same copy of Destroyer I do .
 Track reviewCrazy nights = LouseyIll fight hell to hold you = SureBang Bang You = sex overdoseNo No No = No No NoHell or high water = Hot water pleaseMy way = no wayWhen your walls come down = WARNING this contains brain damageReason to live = After listening to this albumGood girl gone bad = Good band gone badTurn on the night = THIS IS SERIOUSLEY A TOP SONG HOORAHThief in the night = Not even a thief would steal this album
 I ca n't beleve this turkey sells better than Rock and Roll Over
 Possibly the Worst album in the history of Rock . So Wimpy it may damage the laser in your CD player . Download Reason to Live , ignore the rest . Only Asylum is worse in the Kiss Catalog .
 I remember back in 1987 when I first bought `` Crazy Nights . '' I thought it was pretty good back then . I recently picked it up again to add to my library of good and bad metal music madness . In doing so , I found that my tastes in music have changed . So much so , that , when I heard this album again 12 years later I was bewildered . Sure , I knew the songs but , I did n't remember all those keyboards ! This is one of a couple of Kiss ' bad marketing attempts . I guess Kiss could n't think of any new music that was better at the time to compete with the likes of , UGH ! Bon Jovi , Warrant , Poison and Cinderella -LRB- BWA HA HA !!! -RRB- . If you ca n't beat 'em , join 'em and Kiss did just that . `` Crazy Nights '' has very little input from Gene Simmons and may be just as well . His songs , for the most part just ai ` nt the kind of Gene songs I want to hear . Although , I will give a thumbs up for Bruce Kulick 's fretwork on the song , `` No No No '' . It reminds me of how popular and how bloated the `` hair band '' wave was and all those fancy guitarists with thier poofy hairdoos were all screaming `` look what I can do ! '' Paul Stanley , who is the primary songwriter on `` Crazy Nights '' was in full , 1980 's hair metal form . Sure , his songs made a couple of hits at the time but now ... it 's just totally dated . `` Crazy Nights '' is nothing like it 's predecesors . Whereas , Kiss were leaders with albums like `` Hotter Than Hell '' and `` Rock and Roll Over , '' they became followers with cd 's such as this one and the later , `` Hot in the Shade . '' Also , Kiss brought in a lot of outside writers for this album . People like Desmond Child who wrote `` Bang , Bang You '' and `` Reason to Live '' with Paul and Dianne Warren who co-wrote `` Turn on the Night '' with the former starchild . This album is very commercial and is a bad moment in the career of Kiss . It was ok for the 80 's but not for now . `` Crazy Nights '' does not stand the test of time .
 Awful . Almost as bad as Hot In The Shade . 80 's hair/pop/pretty boy metal was all forgettable and really embarrassing for rock in general . Kiss should apologize for putting out this trash .
 When this came out I sold all of my merchandise and found heavier bands like Slayer to pick up the slack . Of course as a Ki $ $ fan you end up re-buying and I must say that I do like the Gene songs but Pauls sounded neutered and falsetoed out which made me realise why I despised it back in the late 80 's . Completion cd only ...
 1987 's Crazy Nights is far from being the best KISS album , in fact some of the band 's other 1980 's work is stronger and more consistent than this . Yet Crazy Nights is not a bad album , it sees KISS going further down the pop route and the album 's direction is similar to what a lot of other bands were doing at the time in the Glam/Hair scene . I truly appreciate Crazy Nights for what it is
 Crazy Nights was Kiss ' lame attempt at sounding like such `` juggernauts '' as Poison and Great White . Why the band moved into this weak direction was beyond me . Every song in this album sounds the same and is limp . I am so glad that Kiss does not put this material out anymore .
 I have been a huge KISS fan for over 30 years . I was there at the beginning , and I will be there at the end -LRB- if there is one ! -RRB- . Even after the make-up ran its course , came off , and the band was Gene , Paul , Eric Carr , and whoever on guitar , I adjusted and accepted the evolution of my favorite band.By 1982 KISS was on life-support . They released their only true GREAT album of the decade , CREATURES OF THE NIGHT , which was sinfully overlooked and underrated at the time . With that failure it was decided to drop the make-up and adapt to the changing trends , tastes , and styles of the decade . They came up with a trilogy of albums that varied in quality , but overall were solid start-to-finish
 The hoary Welsh geezer warbler with gold medallions clanging off his hairy barrels and more socks in his drawers than his er ... drawers , makes a slight return for this oddity who 's - who ? collaboration collection of curious power-Vegas deconstructed mod-pop and rock hits . Folks like the Cardigans , Stereophonics and Van Morrison step in to help the dim man 's Otis Redding crank up the testerone croak enunciation suitably for a few great squealing , squalling , cocks-out , huge-bollocked , grunting , sweat-stained and throbbing mucho-macho show tune duet covers . Rarely does Jonesy invigorate the songs of others -LRB- Are You Gon na Go My Way ? , Burning Down the House , Sexbomb , Little Green Bag -RRB- ; rather , it 's the generous miasma of straight-faced , carbon-dated braggadocio - grunts , groans , whoos ! hahs ! - tossed like croutons in his seizure salad of reanimated retirement home mojo histrionics that make this a hoot to hear . Like the social security sex monster on show here , Reload shakes and moans admirably top and bottom , but the midsection is a saggy mess of embarrassing dough -LRB- Sunny Afternoon , I 'm Left You 're Right , You Need Love Like I Do , Looking Out My Window -RRB- . A simple work like Portishead 's B-movie electronica hit All Mine completely sinks him -LRB- with cohorts Divine Comedy -RRB- , though he and fellow antique Van Morrison fare no better with the jumbo leprechaun 's Sometimes We Cry - deconstructed here as a sniggly wad of boozey retro-cheese . But when it 's bad , it 's so bad it 's a scream . Look no further than Grones ' wagging , insipid and ultimately hilarious neuter of David Bowie and Iggy Pop 's old glam/punk Lust For Life . Even Chrissie Hynde 's cranky harp and hardened croak are n't strong enough to stifle Jone 's straight-laced emasculation - or the resulting giggles . `` Of course , I 've had it in the ear before , '' he shudders , hips a jiggling and sock a wiggling . Thanks to Reload , you 'll get it in the ear too , over and over again . What fun ! Mum , if she is n't busy tossing her knickers at the CD player , will be proud .
 i 've been looking for tom jone 's `` my elusive dream '' how come i could n't find this song anywhere in your database . the only place i found it is in morpheus but i do n't like download files . i rather pay a bit for the original . if anyone has this title please . i also want sue thompson 's `` jealous heart '' & `` have a good time '' . anyone who has these titles send me email , i 'm willing to pay.thanksrudy de sanagustin
 Back in the late 60s and early 70s , one of the joys of finding British import LPs was the discovery of tracks that were not available in the USA ; after all , much of the music we loved was doled out to us in a haphazard , thoughtless manner by the middle-aged music industry hacks who had no love nor respect for our tastes.The UK Hendrix Smash Hits import LP was a treasure trove of unheard songs , such as Highway Chile and 51st Anniversary , but with no info given as to their origin . It was left to later fan/biographers to disclose that they were his earliest British singles that did n't make it onto Are You Experienced.The US version of Smash Hits offered only a few of those rarities , going instead for a more predictable combination of the first and third Experience albums , plus Red House , a different take of which appeared on the very different UK debut album.What is so disappointing and aggravating about this CD reissue is that all you get is the old US LP version , at a time when compilers who really care go to the trouble of combining different versions into a definitive collection and rounding up shamefully neglected B-sides ; throwing a couple of tiny photo out-takes into the CD booklet does not make this a bargain . I expected so much more from the current gatekeepers , Experience Hendrix , who control and supervise all such reissues . -LRB- They do deserve credit for putting some of these early tracks out in stereo for the first time , but for no good reason , they sat on Laughing Sam 's Dice far too long and finally slopped it onto the South Saturn Delta compilation . -RRB- Had I or any other True Believer been given this assignment , the definitive full version Smash Hits CD would have collected these tracks -LRB- with the UK-only tracks marked with an asterisk -RRB- : Purple HazeFireThe Wind Cries MaryCan You See Me * 51st AnniversaryHey JoeAll Along the WatchtowerStone FreeCrosstown Traffic * The Stars That Play With Laughing Sam 's DiceManic Depression * Highway ChileRememberRed House * Burning of the Midnight LampFoxy Ladyand , for good measure , the other take of Red House from the UK debut LP , as a bonus track.These 16 -LRB- or 17 -RRB- tracks , combining both LP versions , would really do this title justice , unlike the current slapdash product . -LRB- Perhaps they can correct this in the next series of Hendrix re-re-re-re-re-re-remasters ... -RRB- Okay , Indolent Gatekeepers , you can go back to sleep now .
 I bought this enhanced edition thinking in would have more tracks . . actual songs ... not so just a lot of verbal info from the artist about how the songs evolved . . really not what i was looking for !
 In the first place , I am FROM Atlanta , Georgia , and I AM PROUD TO BE FROM THE SOUTH ! And if liberal-guilt Randy do n't like it , he can ... -LRB- I ca n't say it , Ammy wo n't publish it -RRB- And I have played @ the bar where the cover pic was taken ... it 's an Ethiopian restaurant now . When are you liberals just going to let it go ? And ref the `` song '' `` Rednecks '' from this POS , we DO know our + + + from a hole in the ground !
 I only got this Album because it was tossed in free with `` Angels & Harps '' and please read my review there , as I did not like that either . Now , I LOVE Randy Newman but only since he came out of his earlier suck awful Primitive Blues Period with `` Little Criminals '' , `` Born Again '' , `` Trouble in Paradise '' , and `` Land of Dreams '' . These albums all had at least one good song , musically , that one could sit down and play with ... I play piano too . Cute clever lyrics are n't enough . Even school boys can joke around with words . So what ? Music should be music.Well , `` Good Old Boys '' ai n't music . What was Randy thinking ? Some Record Company Suit was probably ordered by his fat cat Boss to tell Randy that people only cared about those cute lyrics that were so easy to write ... that the Music was only getting in the way anyway . And Randy believed it . The song `` Luisiana '' was n't even really original that I could tell ... just sounded like `` Sail Away '' with new lyrics crowded and shoved into place.Oh , and on the 2nd Disc there was this talking voice introducing all the songs . A normal voice . An ordinary voice . A vanilla plain jane white bread voice . Well , it was Randy Newman . That Thick Oppressed Minority Bluesy Singing Voice , well , it was OBVIOUSLY just some White Bread Upper Class Slummer pulling all our legs , kidding all of us along , making idiots of us all . The one thing Randy Newman should have NEVER done was to TALK ... not with that I AM REALLY VERY NORMAL BUT JUST SING LIKE I AM POOR AND OPPRESSED.It all became very pathetic . I feel ashamed of my Randy Newman collection . I wo n't show it to anybody for now on . I will keep `` Little Criminals '' , `` Born Again '' , `` Trouble in Paradise '' , and `` Land of Dreams '' because of the seven or eight really good musical songs in that collection , but all that new Primitive Stuff ... well , I hope Randy can find a new audiance for it .
 I do n't feel like going through my detailed explanation of whyI think this CD and the rest of Randy Newman 's material is extremelyover-rated and hyped beyond belief -LRB- and still lacking in wide-spread appeal -RRB- . Briefly , his piano work is hardly more than cabaret style cliches . His voice is abominable . His melodies are either unattractive or again , cliche-ridden . I have n't concentrated on his lyrics , so maybe that 's what all the fuss is about . If it 's about the music , I ca n't understand it .
 Great albums most often prick at you and provoke you . Great albums challenge you by not being exactly what you 'd expected . Unfortunately , sometimes bad albums do exactly the same thing . Make Believe stumbles along between both extremes , but it does take some chances that occasionally pay off.The problem with Make Believe is n't that it takes chances - it 's that it takes them only occasionally , and then slips right back into safe-mode , regurgitating what Weezer has already done so well and so often better . Where the band has chosen to prick - such as the first single , `` Beverly Hills , '' whose stomp seems infused directly from Joan Jett 's `` I Love Rock 'n Roll , '' or the infectious , new-wave inspired and keyboard-heavy `` This is Such a Pity '' - they do so with full gusto , making the kind of statement that shows they 're not afraid to offend a few fans with a new direction . And then they do something like `` Hold Me , '' which is such a lethargic and overwrought ballad that its only point of existence would be to fill floors at a high school prom . It 's truly terrible - easily the worst moment in the entire Weezer catalog.Where past Weezer albums had contained a healthy dose of great material , Make Believe 's worst offense is not just that it only contains a small number of great songs - it 's that it is punctuated by simply `` okay '' material , among which are a couple really awful songs -LRB- the afforementioned `` Hold Me '' and album closer `` Haunt You Every Day . '' -RRB- This lends the entire album the hit and miss feel of unreliability as a whole . However , isolating what registers as `` good '' and even `` great , '' it 's a satisfying listen . Weezer would probably have much better off releasing Make Believe as an EP consisting of the 6 or so most successful songs , leaving the rest in the vault to be developed more fully later or , more likely , simply forgotten . An EP , of course , would n't have the impact that an album does , but it might have been a lot more satisfying.Weezer wanted to make one of those albums that divided fans by doing something new , and that invites new fans into the fold . What it feels like , however , is that Weezer got cold feet halfway through the song selection process and decided to include some material they deemed `` safe . '' The end result is an album that will satisfy few , and will more often than not simply turn people off in general.For whatever reason , this album in particular broke up into a number of very distinct categories : The great : Beverly HillsThis is Such a PityFreak Me OutThe okay : Perfect SituationPeaceThe Damage in Your HeartPardon MeThe perplexing , but will probably be a huge hit because it 's so catchy : We are All on DrugsThe simply subpar : My Best FriendThe Other WayThe ugly : Hold MeHaunt You Every Day
 I have been a Weezer fan since day 1 . All their prior works are great . I have listened to ` Make Believe ' 3 or 4 times and still do not like it!Perhaps with time it will grow on me . I do not know if I can keep listening and hoping to get `` it '' . It should not be this hard to want to like a cd.Skip it and buy any White Stripes cd instead ...
 I am a huge weezer fan , or at least i was . This CD is bad . Some may say you ca n't expect the blue album or pinkerton , but I at least expected something that i could enjoy . I got this CD , and listened to it , or at least i tried to . The only song i made it entirely through was Beverly Hills , only because my patience had not withered and died yet . It 's like Rivers bought a rhyming dictionary , and a thesaurus , looked up the word `` sad '' and all of its synonyms , found rhymes for them , and wrote some songs . I put on Pinkerton immediately after finishing this cd , to get the bad taste out of my mouth . I 'm not like those other people who say that Green and Maladroit were bad . I like them a whole lot better than this , and listen to them pretty often , but the lyrics on this album are too bad to take . I am going to a weezer concert tomorrow , and hope so much that they do not play a single song from this cd , as i enjoyed none of them . Hopefully the next album will be at least as good as Maladroit .
 I am a Weezer fan . Period . I have all of their albums , and I love every song that this band has ever released -- that is , until I spent twelve dollars that could have been gas money on this ridiculous CD . I 'm still scratching my head , wondering if Rivers and Co. decided to produce another concept album , only this time the concept is to suck as much as possible . Let me explain.The lyrics ? Empty -- `` My Best Friend '' makes `` Possibilities '' read like Shakespeare . The riffs ? Save for `` Perfect Situation '' and `` Pardon Me '' -- non existant . But the thing that bothers me most about this album is its complete lack of energy . All of the other Weezer albums , even the dark , brooding , `` Pinkerton '' , have a uniquely calm ` punch ' to them that sets the music of Weezer apart from other bands . `` Make Believe '' sounds , perhaps not surprisingly , as whiny and apathetic as the 'em o ' fad that seems to have poisoned it . The only breaks in this whining , obnoxious style are `` Beverly Hills '' and `` We Are All On Drugs ''
 So how do I say this ? What now seems like many moons ago , I considered myself the number one Weezer fan . The Blue Album and Pinkerton had remained in constant rotation since their releases , and I could n't wait for the long awaited next release . Then 2001 came , and so did the Green Album . I got an early release , and listened to it with a smile on my face . But something was wrong . I lied to myself about that album for quite some time , and when Maladroit came out I would finally be able to avoid the lie , because no longer was the Green Album the discussion amongst my no longer Weezer fan friends . Unfortunately Maladroit was . I avoided even acknowleding that lackluster album , which I was somewhat able to do due to its relatively quiet release . Which brings me to this horrid mess . Why did I get fooled again ? Why did I think this would be the same Weeezer that brought me Across the Sea , No Other One , Only in Dreams etc. . It 's not . That Weezer no longer exists . Do n't be fooled like I was by that guy who looks like Rivers Cuomo on the cover . The lyrics are pathetic . Track 2 is catchy . That 's how I sum this up . The two stars I give this are thank you 's . One for Blue and one for Pinkerton . Thank you and goodbye .
 It 's a bummer , and Weezer 's been going in this direction ever since what I 'm sure was a crushing dissapointment of the mainstream neglect of Pinkerton -LRB- yes , I 'm one of those Weezer fans that think P-ton is better than Blue -RRB- , but Mr. Cuomo and Rick Rubin have finally sold Weezer fully down the commercial river -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . Do n't buy it ? You 're saying `` Well , artists need to grow and mature , they ca n't always be making the same music as they did 10 years ago . '' Yeah , but `` grow and mature '' usually sounds to me like `` dilute and cash in '' unless you 're David Bowie . And this is a definite cash in.Don ' t believe me ? Ok , compare and contrast : What kind of future will we have?Will we we ever find peace?Everybody thinks we 're crazy.They 're about to call the police . - This Is Such A PityI asked you to go to the Green Day concertBut you said you 've never heard of them.How cool is that ! So I went to your roomAnd read your diary . - El ScorchoNow which of these verses conveys an intimate emotion in a way that is compelling ? I 'll give you a hint ; it 's not the first one . Any creative writing teacher will tell you , the best authors do n't tell you emotions , they show you . Cuomo seems to have taken the easy way out in most of these songs , both lyrically and melodically . I mean , sure Beverly Hills has a great anthem quality to it , but where 's the Weezer hook that 's just a little smarter than anthem rock ? That little note bend at the end of every bar ? Just because they managed to get away with using `` whoo-hoo '' and `` whoa '' a lot on Maladroit and Green does n't mean that I 'm buying a musical hook I could do after 1 month of guitar lessons when I was 14 . I 'm still a Weezer fan , will always be a Weezer fan . I might even go see them on this tour . But if anybody else on this review board tries to sell you the `` grow and mature '' line , just realize that they 're probably the same type of people that keep declaring that each Rolling Stone album since Steel Wheels is really pretty good comared to their old stuff . Like I said , it happens to the best of bands.Except Bowie .
 Some intangible quality that has graced Weezer 's music over the first eight years of their career has been lost on this release . It 's not so much the lyrics that sag -LRB- save `` My Best Friend '' a cringing ode on par with Bobby McFerrin 's `` Do n't Worry , Be Happy '' -RRB- , it 's the music that just sinks into oblivion . There are a few redeemable moments , heard in `` Perfect Situation '' and `` Pardon Me , '' but two decent songs on a comparatively epic 12-track release is less than one would expect .
 I am in shock ... I ca n't believe what garbage this is . . Blue Album was great . . It hooked me from the beginning . . Then I fell off the face of the earth and did not even hear about Pinkerton until after it had flopped . . I was one of the ones who realized what a great cd that was and quickly let Weezer take my hand . . I followed them through their demos making several cd 's while waiting for them to release Green . . I loved the Christmas CD . . Me and my homies drove around Florida for their Yahoo Tour and went to both Florida concerts -LRB- radiator blew , very memorable trip !!!! -RRB- . . I bought Green on the first day . . Loved it , but understood it wouldnt be as good as Pinkerton -LRB- Oh Girlfriend was the most Pinkerton track on the cd -RRB- . . Went and saw the Weez in Tennesee and then Atlanta for Maladroit ... I downloaded any song of theirs I could find and made several demo cd 's inbetween releases . . i bought the DVD and that was where I was first let down . . Rivers is the frontman , but yet he was barely speaking on the DVD . . The guy is shy . . I can handle that . . Then I hear all these great things about their new producer . . I thought coolbeans , here we go a slammin cd hopefully better than Maladroit . . I was not let down by Maladroit , but thought it to be their weakest attempt to date . . Today I go to Best Buy and snap up their latest like I have done before ... When Beverly Hills was released I wasnt thrilled , sounded like any other obscure b-song . . After that all I heard was whining and crying and lyrics that wreaked of pop filth . . I checked the cd to see if Timberlake may have co-wrote . . The cd sounds like a childish prank from Pat !!! I gave each song a try , but soon turned the volume down . . After the last song I took it out and put Green Day back in and turned Jesus of Suburbia up as loud as I could . . I dont know what happened , but from now on I will listen before buying . . As for all these people giving their 5 star ratings I can only assume they are also 98 Degree fans and love this heart wrenching BS !!!! Lyrics from the heart are one thing , but this is ridiculous !!!! At least in Pinkerton he was describing actual events with chicks which is what gave the songs appeal . . They seemed real and people could relate ... Richard Simmons is the only one who could relate to this GARBAGE !!!!
 Devoid of all emtional and musical flair from previous Weezer albums . Rick Rubin finally struck out at the production board . I understand why people might like this cd , but it baffles me . `` Beverly Hills '' wins the award for worst song and cheesy guitar solo of the year and `` We are all on Drugs '' seems like a parody of itself . Please people . Stop supporting bad music . I hope Rivers realizes he 's wasting his time with crap music like this .
 Why ca n't Weezer release another cool album like `` Pinkerton '' or `` The blue album '' . This is even worse than their last `` green '' album that contained the annoying hash pipe.Do not buy this , its crap !
 this is one of the worst cd 's i have ever heard in my entire life . i 've been a weezer fan for years , and to clarify , no , i do n't expet every album to be the blue album or pinkerton . i do , however , expect it to be listenable , which by and large make believe is not . the songwriting is incredibly lazy , the themes so cliche and general that it 's not interesting to listen to in the least . even the good songs -LRB- `` perfect situation '' and `` this is such a pity '' -RRB- are only good in comparison to the rest of the album . `` we are all on drugs '' is a disaster and `` peace '' sounds like a pitiful attempt at ripping off dashboard -LRB- why they would want to do that is beyond me -RRB- . this is the worst that a respected band has misfired since metallica released st. anger . part of the reason this is so bad is that it was 1 -RRB- three years in the making , 2 -RRB- a last minute effort , and 3 -RRB- written at the last minute because the band was behind schedule after discarding hundreds of songs they had written since maladroit 's release -LRB- and if you heard the leaks on the internet back in 2002 and 2003 , they displayed a lot of promise -RRB- . unfortunately though , we 're left with this , weezer 's worst album and an early contender for biggest disappointment/worst album of 2005 . it 's sad , really .
 This album is by far the worst Weezer Album to date . The albums having been downward spiralling since the `` Blue '' album . It seems with each new album put out the worse it gets . Let 's call it the `` Weezer Effect '' from now on . I had high , high hopes after Maladroit destroyed my self esteem , but this album has failed to prove anything - or maybe Rivers should just go meditate in his painted black room with some Tibetan Monks -LRB- no offence to any Tibetans or monks -RRB- . I almost wish I did n't have tickets to tonites show - I do n't believe I could `` stand '' to watch the show.Anyone want some tickets ????
 I must contest a point made by a fellow customer/critic on this site . One of the reviews of this album made the claim that weezer has ` gone emo . ' I must disagree wholeheartedly with this nonsensical blanket condemnation of Weezer 's new direction . I 've never been one to analyze too deeply the titles and genres given to pop music . I find it ridiculous how people can engage in arguments of an ` it 's not pop-punk , it 's power pop , ' or ` it 's not hardcore , it 's metalcore ' nature . Having said that , I must briefly engage in such useless palaver by telling you that this CD is very far removed from what most people would consider emo . Make Believe marks the unfortunate maturation of a songwriter whose appeal was that he was immature . Make Believe is not Blue . It is not Pinkerton . It 's not anything Weezer has ever done before . It is a collection of pop songs that are , for the first time , pretty much devoid of the infantile , but endearing quirks of one of modern musics musical geniuses . Weezer fans such as myself would enjoy this record a lot more if they could only listen to this album without comparing it to previous Weezer releases . It is catchy , albeit somber at times . It is memorable -LRB- I 've found myself away from the disc for the past 2 months and have to replay tracks like ` Haunt you everyday'in my head -RRB- , and it is good . It may not contain the tormented anguish of a very screwed up Rivers , but it certainly does exemplify good pop music .
 is where this belongs , I can not find one good song.In the garbage is where it goes , why they wrote this crap , no one knows.In ... the ... garbage.In ... the ... garbage . Yeah !
 Save your money and keep listening to the blue album . Thats what Ill be doing . Sticking to the blue album . At least we still have the classics . I wore out one copy of the blue album , and Make Believe wo n't get much play time in the CD player . If I wanted Emo , Id look elsewhere . Bring back the rock and the sense of humor . It has been a constant downward spiral from Pinkerton on . Shame really , because the Blue album is the one album I ca n't live without . Great music should n't have to grow on you . And with Weezer , I should be able to pop the CD in and sign along . Not the case with Make Believe .
 Yes , the wait is over , and thank the lord that it is . Because I want people to know that this is an improvement for Weezer . From having zero good songs on an album , they now have one . That is well over infinitely times better than the previous album , just due to math skills I can tell you that zero songs out of eleven is zero percent , one song out of ten is ten percent . Ergo , Ten Percent divided by Zero Percent is somewhat more impossible than humanly perceptable . I 'm sure Rivers Cuomo , the Harvard dumbed genius could tell you that one good song does n't make reparations for the past 5 years of Green Album and Maladroit tragedies . Beyond the fact that nearly every song contains a genius Rivers Cuomo solo , it attempts to compensate for every song being functionally devoid from any and all unique guitar sounds and riffs . To me that 's a major err . The tone of everything except for the solos and the vocals sounds flat , and i help but think that it just sounds bad with all the funny effect thrown in there on `` Beverly Hills '' . Cheeze-Rock should be left to Reggie and the Full Effect . But Oh No ! Even through all of the crap that I feel has infiltrated this album , it ca n't stop Cuomo 's stellar voice from attempting to make every track stand out vocally . If anything has been improved over the past two albums , it 's been his attention to his vocal throught much of the album , creating melodies that are supported by lackluster riffs that Weezer once was know for . But that does n't stop the fact that most of the album is trying to bring the 80 's back via an imitated and homogenized replica of The Police -LRB- with the exception of `` Beverly Hills '' which is trying to bring Cake back , oh joy ? -RRB- . What prevents this album from being a complete atrocious radio friendly mess is `` Hold Me '' . Hold Me is everything Weezer should be , but only for 4 minutes and 32 seconds . Vocally that song just blows me away because , for once in a great while , Cuomo has thevoice that says , hello , i 'm here to make you believe again . That was my moment of Make Believe . That song is that glimmer of hope , that one song that makes Make Believe infinitly times more enjoyable than Maladroit . After That , It just went downhill , to the same mediocre music that Weezer 's been making since 2000 . Alas , one good song is always better than zero good songs , and such is the case for Make Believe . Hmm ... maybe i can make believe that Weezer will be good again ? Hah , only in dreams.Rating
 Today the new album was out . On my lunch break , I jumped in the car and bought the cd without listening to it first , hey it was weezer . Sure the green album was n't very good , but they reddemed themselves with maladroit.Well it was a mistake . Nothing can beat the blue album or Pinkerton and I was n't kidding myself , no album could be better than those , but Make Believe is a disaster . I 'd heard Beverly Hills many times during those last weeks thanks to Itunes and the sound was amazing . What a surprise when I finally heard the rest of the album . After a couple of listens , no song got to me . Even the green album had the merit to get my attention after 1 or 2 listens . I guess this album does n't do it for me . For my part , I say it 's their most boring album to date.I just hope they get their next one right ! But hey it 's just my 2 cents !
 i ca n't believe i actually fell for it again.weezer ca n't write a good album if their life depended on it . this album sucks . plain and simple . it 's looking more and more like their blue album was a mere fluke.for the reviewer that said weezer is maturing , you obviously have n't listened to the album . they are trying so hard to recreate the blue album it is n't even funny . listen to the lyrics . listen to the choruses . in a word
 I 'm a seventeen year old audiophile who has about 160 , albums , and i can honestly say this is one of the worst that i own . Beverly hills is the best song , despite the fact that the lyrics bring them into simple plan territory . Not a single other song has good lyrics on the entire album . For example , take `` We Are All On Drugs . '' `` When you 're out with your friends in your new mercades benz , and you 're , on drugs . '' Okay , this is completely senseless and should not be coming from one of the greatest bands of the 90 's . Green Album was weak , but Make Believe makes it seem as good as the White Album . I recommend checking out the band `` the Living End '' if you 're interested in new uplifting rock music .
 As a longtime fan I have to say
 This is by far the worst Weezer cd out there , I mean comeon what happened ? I really liked Maladroit and the Green Album but this album is n't remotely listenable . The lyrics are terrible and it sounds like it was put together in one week . And to tell you the truth when I heard Beverly Hills I knew this would n't even be as good as Maladroit . The guitars arent as crunchy and I barely hear any solos on this disc except for Beverly Hills . I thought Maladroit was catchy as hell and better produced than the green album which was a goood thing . I 'm being nice and giving this album 2 stars because I really do like Weezer and I think they can do better than this , but if they ever go emo I 'm giving up on this band . Buy the new Audioslave album `` OUT OF EXILE '' it 's amazing , there is not one bad song on that cd , also get SEETHERS KARMA AND EFFECT they both come out Tuesday and there both 10x better than `` MAKE BELIEVE '' .
 CD is boring ... If you like mindless repeative music like in the Green CD . This is even more of it . Come on Weezer , you were a great band , what happened ? If you want Weezer stick to the Blue and Pinkerton CD 's .
 Coming off the strength of their prior work , the album lacks a lot of the wit and edge of previous albums . It 's not particularly bad , and the music certainly is Weezer , but its disappointing .
 First off , I am a big weezer fan and have been since the blue album . I do , however , know that bands change and adapt and grow musically so let me also say that I do n't expect this album to be another blue album or pinkterton or green album etc. . . I just want good music . This album is mediocre at best and leaves me unsatisfied . There are some bright spots on the album but gone are the days where every track is worth listening to . I am not one to hate a song because of the lyrics ; it 's the music on `` Make Believe '' that does n't deliver . It 's not a complete disaster but it 's definitely their worst release to date . It just seems flat and unoriginal even though the lyrics deal with emotional issues . `` Make Believe '' seems to be a hit and miss with their fans . If you 're a big fan , you 're probably going to buy the album no matter what . If you 're on the fence , definitely check it out before you buy .
 Remember the green album ? Yea its like that but not even as good -LRB- less bad ? -RRB- . Rivers Cuomo is too scared to make another Pinketon because they all laughed at him . Maybe he 'll come around . Expect to see this all over MTV . At least a band that I like will actually be rich -LRB- er -RRB- . What is actually most dissapointing is that Rick Reuben porduced it . I couldnt be more dissapointed but I 'm sure they 'll redeem themselves . Too bad I cant get my $ 14 back .
 i did n't expect the blue album or pinkerton but i did expect more than this . i tried to like it . the damage in your heart and the perfect situation are okay . if you think beverly hills is a good song you might like this album . it sounds to me like rivers had a formula and it was to copy crap like good charlotte .
 I was surprisingly disappointed by this album . What 's up with the grade-school level lyrics anyway ? At first , I thought they were just trying to be heavily ironic with such simpleton lyrics . I kept waiting for the `` a-ha , see we 're just funnin ' with ya '' moment of being let in on the joke , until I scarily realized that they were serious and this was the best they had to offer.Sounds like the boys listened to too many corporate suits for this one , and lost their edge .
 After a few years and several false starts and scrapping the whole thing to start fresh , you might have expected that Weezer were hard at work crafting the album of albums . Something grand and ambitious and possibly very unlike anything they 've ever done before . That they were bursting at the seams with new ideas and directions . That they were finally going to make good on the potential hinted at in the first couple of albums and justifiy the unwavering faith of their fanbase.Well kids , this ai n't it.This album sounds like the musical equivalent of the term paper they had the entire semester to do but finally wrote in an all-nighter the day before fueled by lukewarm Mountain Dew and some Slim Jims.Lyrically the songs are of a piece and almost certainly written to appeal to the 16 year old high school loner/loser in everyone . -LRB- A lyric conceit that starts to ring more hollow the older Rivers gets . -RRB- At his best Rivers has always written songs that manage to marry what could be easily be Doo-Wop songs to giant crunchy guitars with a certain amount of wit and cleverness . But for this album it 's like he 's been taken hostage by the evil spirit of Diane Warren or something . Lots of generic sentiment . -LRB- '' ... So / So alone in love/I 'm going to haunt you every day ... '' gaaah ! -RRB- Musically , it still sounds like Weezer but more like Weezer playing 10CC . Lots of extra production touches . A talkbox solo here , a few synth bits , some piano reside amidst the crunch but nothing that might alienate the faithful . Except for `` This is Such a Pity '' which sounds very deliberately to be exactly like something that probably would have topped the charts in 1986 . -LRB- And the charts were pretty wretched in 1986 . -RRB-
 Weezer must have released two different CDs that look identical . I do n't know what else could explain the schizophrenic nature of the reviews here . There used to be a day when EVERY song weezer released was incredibly awesome ; the B-sides were all worth hunting down . `` Make Believe '' is the first weezer album I think is actually bad . OK , the previous two were n't as consistent as in the old days but they were mostly great material with just a few misses . The new album is pretty much all misses with just a few hints of what weezer used to be.If you have n't bought this album yet , I 'd recommend you close this browser and try to forget it even came out . It does n't rock , at all . The lyrics are totally vapid . `` Higher than a mountain , deeper than the sea '' ? This ca n't be the same man who wrote `` you say , it 's a good thing / that you float in the air / that way there 's no way I will crush your pretty toenails into a thousand pieces , '' or `` goddamn this business is really lame / I got ta live on a island to find the juice / so you send me your love / from all around the world , as if I could live on / words and dreams and a million screams oh how I need a hand in mine to feel ! '' Now that 's weezer . Better go listen to that again ...
 I did not lose my faith in Weezer with the release of the Green Album . I liked it . And I did n't care whether Rivers was sincere or not ; the words meant something to ME . I loved Maladroit when I first heard it . I was in high school and it sounded good in my car . But I 'm an adult now , and there 's no way for me to justify enjoying this record . It 's pitiful , from the generic melodies and song structures to the downright horrible lyrics . Rivers Cuomo is Harvard educated . He 's traveled the world . He 's sold millions of records . He 's almost forty years old . Why do n't any of these elements find their way into his writing ? Make Believe sounds like the kind of record Weezer should have made BEFORE the Blue Album . This sounds like a warm-up for a band that know their way around a catchy riff but do n't have the chops to pen decent songs . The sentiments expressed on this album are incredibly sophomoric and disappointing . I do n't know of a word that could describe the sensation people who have enjoyed Weezer since the beginning are going to experience when they hear this for the first time.All the press about this being a return to form ? It 's good copy , but it 's not true . Weezer are still patently uninterested in quality control , and they should be ashamed of themsevles for chugging on and releasing empty , soulless music instead of doing the right thing and throwing in the towel . Not only is Make Believe a terrible record , but it taints this band 's previous achievements . The band has done a disservice to both their fans and their classic first two albums .
 I am writing this to make one thing perfectly clear `` I 'm not a fair-weathered Weezer fan . '' I never really got into them from the blue album on . I just do n't feel that the talent is there . The songs seem reeking of `` NO HOPE '' , and that 's because we as human beings do n't stop to think of what 's outside our little world . This goes for me too . In Central FL . the song of choice for this album right now is `` Beverly Hills '' , and it makes me sad , and it makes me mad to listen to it as there 's a jealous streak inside of `` ME . . ME '' . Yeah that sample of the sexually aroused woman makes me want her so bad . I mean there are so many beautiful women in Hollywood and Beverly Hills alike , and so famous that I 'll never get near to them . At times I wish that Hollywood/Beverly Hills was never born . I wish that there was no celebrity crapola going on in the world . Who knows if there was n't I may have a shot of going out with Jennifer Aniston , or Denise Richards on a date . I mean without Hollywood I would n't have to jump through hoops of men to ask them out , and that 's even before I get to thier fathers . I guess that 's a fantasy as I know in the real world here we as human beings can treat the next person like we live in Beverly Hills , and just stomp on the person who just says `` Hi '' to us , or that we do n't really care about others in the world except for the ones who just make `` ME . . ME '' feel pleasure . The rest of this album does n't get any better as it goes with `` We 're All On Dope '' and the question is `` What Dope Are We All On ? '' is it positive dope ? , or the lie dope that everyone makes us think is good for us . Then there 's the closing track with `` Haunt You For The Rest Of Your Life '' . This is a rather creul thing to say to someone who 's just burned you , but let 's face it we all have that one , or a couple of people we 've hurt in the past , and they will haunt you until you go , and reconcile . I know this from personal experience , and believe you me it 's not pleasant for someone to haunt you . I 've been rather disappointed over the last 20 + years . I know the 80 's where `` This Is Such A Pity '' sounds like is where we all went Yuppie , and to me that was the death of community , and smiling on your brother . It was where women in business tried to do such a manly handshake , and money was all that humans desired . I heard at the beginning of the nineties someone said it would be nicer in the 90 's again I ask `` What dope were you on ? '' it became if not the same worse than the 80 's , and now we 're almost halfway through the first decade of the new century/millenium , and now I feel more isolated from people than I 've ever been before . I do n't believe that people love one another anymore ... there is no love between any of us I mean the true love where a person is loved unconditionally . I guess it 's time for all of us who believed in the 60 's to go run and hide then we 're not safe here anymore , and forget even thinking of trying to date a Hollywood Starlet as you ca n't reach them with a 10 mile pole . Let 's face it folks the songs here are right on target as the world has gotten more and more angst and critical over the last 40 + years , and to be honest I think it 's really making us come sexually . Rather sick , and so is this album as it 's not worth buying as it seems as though they needed another 3 years to work on this to get it right .
 Somewhere along the line I realized that Weezer was actually part of the radio that I hate , instead of how they were once one of the few shining spots in the desolate wasteland otherwise known as today 's FM radio stations . The other day I was listening to the radio and a My Chemical Romance song came on and I actually suffered through it and kept it on but when Beverly Hills came on their was no such luck , I turned that radio knob to off . Maybe it is just nostalgia for the Weezer of old that makes me find Weezer 's new stuff better than some of the dregs of modern rock radio today , but seriously Weezer are pretty damn bad now . For a long time I was in denial and looking for excuses for why Weezer turned into what they are . In a sense I am still in denial , I pretty firmly believe that this level of suckitude displayed on Maladroit and now Make Believe is due to his decision to be celibate . Once Rivers was a hip nerd , sexually frustrated , occassionally sad and angry , just like the majority of youth and young adults . Now he 's turned into some present day mainstream rock Gandhi , instead of not eating to save and free the people of a repressed country , Rivers chooses to give up sex in the name of something ... probably just for a few more articles in the music magazines every year . Anyway , River 's indifference towards intimate acts is not the problem , but his apparent indifference towards two mainstays of good music , decent lyrics and catchy melodies . It 's as if his attitude towards romance has carried on through the rest of his life . That , or Rivers finally stopped being turned down by asian girls due to his overwhelming popularity and his now just ready to coast on his reputation . Weezer have finally probably achieved what they 've always wanted to , popularity and acclaim , and they 've done absolutely nothing with it . Since no obstacles exist anymore , no effort is put in and here we have the result , Make Believe . Make Believe hints at Rivers Cuomo being very self-aware and hopes that the great deal of Weezer apologists currently circling around dozens of message boards today will just ` make believe ' that this is n't a big pile of ... really bland and cliched music . There really anything of any positive value on this album . One plus I can say is that none of this sounds like rehashed Cheap Trick like on Maladroit , but then again a few of these songs sound like rehased Cars . One would wonder how Rivers ever gets through Harvard U with some of the insipid poetry thrown across Make Believe , the chief violator being the single Beverly Hills , which sounds a bit like a b-side of a b-side of Pinkerton that has been thoroughly ravaged through a cover by a local band consisting of thirteen year old girls . Yep , this album is pretty terrible . Maybe it 's a good idea Cuomo chooses not to reproduce .
 Actually , I give it no stars . Not a big weezer fan but my best friend is . She bought it and we listened . GRRR ... all that I can say is PLEASE DO NOT PUT ANY MORE ALBUMS OUT !!! YOU LAME EXCUSE FOR A BAND !!! 11 year old kids get into this crap that you call `` ROCK . '' Go buy Franz Ferdinand or Interpol or a Led Zeppelin album but DO NOT WASTE a penny on this poorly crafted album . One track sounds like THE CARS . Rivers , you are no Ric Ocasek . I $ OWU$IO@#$ hate this band . TOTAL RIP OFF !!! POSEuRS LISTEN TO THIS CRAP !!! Weezer fan means loser . Rivers is a little poseur . I had to write this . I have seen more hype about this album than one should . Pinkerton , that was an album . This make believe or pretend you are a real rock-punk band is corporate crap .
 Being a Weezer fan , this album is hard to listen to . When I heard Beverly Hills , all I could do was hope that the rest of the album was n't that bad . Then i heard the rest of the album , and my worst fears were confirmed . Weezer , at least for now , is dead . I 've always thought people were too hard on Weezer albums . Maladroit was great , and green was decent . But I ca n't support this . The dream is over , the Weez has gone emo . Lord help us .
 This is a bad . Real bad . Like `` Write in to Amazon '' bad . Weezer has always been my go-to band , and I usually refer to them as my favorite band if asked , but I ca n't do it anymore if this is the best they can do . How do you screw up a Weezer/Rick Rubin collabo ? When I first heard the news it sounded like my musical dream team . And I know Rivers pulled a Rivers and went all moody rock star , but this is a horrible , horrible album . When I first heard the single I thought it was an empty , meaningless radio single , but I tried to get over that and hoped maybe it meant a return to the fun feel of the Green Album , but no such luck . I was hoping Maladroit would be the `` bad '' Weezer album that we could forgive and move on , but no , it got that much worse . Please do not kid yourselves , do not be a Weezer apologist , this is not good music . `` Perfect Situation '' and `` Pity '' are barely passable Weezer songs , and even then they sound like rehashes of other mediocre Weezer songs of late . There is still good music out there if you look for it , but please do not invest in this , it 's an insult to all Weezer fans .
 I feel like they sold out with this record but if that 's the direction they wanted to go then so be it , that is their call . Listened to it once and then gave it to someone else . Though it was a waste of talent .
 This band is just awful . It 's not surprising that all the girls wet themselves over this band because they write cheesey songs about bulls ** t. Oh , yeah , the singer being some sort of small pretty boy does n't help either.This band was never really good to begin with but at least their earlier stuff did n't annoy the h ** l out of me . This new album is a joke . This is some of the most basic and simplistic music I have heard , not to mention some of the most retarded lyrics . `` We are all on drugs . '' What the f**k kind of lyrics are those ? Certainly not good ones . The idiot ca n't even make them rhyme have the time ! Then they play simple power chords over and OVER until you 're blue in the face . The drummer ca n't drum for s ** t either . I 'd bet I could teach anyone to drum like this idiot in no more than 3 lessons . That 's how terrible he is.Overall , an extremely s ** t album for even a p ** sy-a ** emo band . These guys are n't as greasy as most of the emo bands but they 're certainly about as talented . Although , I will say at least the singer 's voice does n't crack every 3 notes and he does n't sound like a girl , but he still sucks.Buy this only if you have terrible tastes in music . This would include 90 % of the female population between the ages of 9 and 17 , or something like that .
 I 'm not going to get into about how I 'm a huge Weezer fan and all of that - even though I am . I do n't see how beeing a big Weezer fan is a reason to justify rating a sub-par album with 5 stars . Nor do I see touting your love of all things Rivers as allowing you to write off negative reviewers as not being true fans . Not everyone could have been into Weezer since 1993 . I love this band , but I have to be honest.I really wanted to like this record . Really . But it 's just so tepid , and so uninspiring that I can barely listen to it . It 's amazing how such a good band can slip to easily into mediocrity . Perhaps if everyone was n't kissing the band 's collective ass all the time -LRB- see half of the ridiculous 5-star reviews here -RRB- and actually tell Rivers Cuomo that he has n't written anything better than slightly above-average power-pop since 1996 ; this might have been a better record.Everyone professing to be a hard core fan should be insulted by this record - not defending it.How can you defend this album when the first single , ` Beverly Hills ' , is nothing more than cheap imitation of Joan Jett 's ' I Love Rock N ' Roll ' with a cheesy speak/sing vocal - that not only rips off Steve Miller 's ` The Joker ' , but also has a ridiculous Peter Frampton - esque voicebox solo ? The laziness of this songwriting borders on the offensive.The rest of the album is full of recycled dynamics from the band 's back catalog , childishly adolescent and pathetically unimaginative lyrics that should have been left in the notebook where Rivers scribbled them , and tired power chords and bland riff-rock . It makes me wonder if the departure of Matt Sharp , really was the end of Weezer as a truely great band.Don ' t let your love for the Blue Album and Pinkerton - two of the best albums of the last 20 years - cloud your view of this record . Weezer were let of very lightly by the critics for their last two albums . Do n't ` Make Beleive ' that this is a good record.It is n't .
 Rivers has finally gone to far in trying to fit in and be liked by the mainstream ear . The only Weezer fans that will like this album are those who either are so obsessed with the band that they subconsciously trick themselves into liking this worst Weezer album ever , or they simply have a taste for bad music in addition to good music -LRB- re
 I havnt waisted any time or money on this album . Hearing `` Beverely Hills '' and reading reviews was enough for me to know that River 's is a complete coward and would never release another interesting song for fear that it might not click with the mainstream . The sad thing is that Rivers was about to show some guts shortly after releasing Maladroit . For the supporting tour they played songs mostly from Blue and Pinkerton and released a ton of really good songs on their website that were supposed compose their 5th album . They were on the verge of releasing the album but production came to a hault . Appearently Rivers had flash backs to 1996 and couldnt bare to release another cult classic . Anyway if you want to hear what should have been Weezer 's 5th album try down loading songs like : `` Mad Cow '' `` Prodigy Lover '' `` Hey Domingo '' `` Living Without You '' `` Modern Dukes ''
 It is such a shame to know that the creators of such sublime albums as Pinkerton and The Blue Album have been reduced to this.People only give them good ratings because we want to believe it 's the same old Weezer we know and love . The truth is if it were any other band releasing this uninspired , unthought-provoking , crap everybody would hate it . This is worse than Maladroit-even the lyrics suck . Rivers has completely lost it .
 After listening to Make Believe -LRB- which was no easy task , mind you -RRB- I have to wonder ... Is Weezer really this bad , or were they never really that good ? The only halfway redeeming point of this entire album is `` What A Pity . '' It 's not even that great , but at least it did n't make me consider throwing the disc out the window and smiling gleefully as it shattered into hundreds of pieces on the highway . I am not a `` fair weather fan , '' nor am I hoping for them to put out another Blue Album , but you have to want a band you love to at least produce something that commands your attention rather than insulting your intelligence . If you 're a real Weezer fan , you might have seen an interview they did for MTV which was never broadcast -LRB- but widely circulated on the internet -RRB- because throughout it , they constantly insulted their fans as being teenage morons and said they refused to `` lower themselves '' to that level . But now it seems as though they have done a complete 180 , and have not only lowered themselves to that level , they have actually gone below it . The writing on this album is atrocious , as if it were taken directly from the diary of a 12-year-old boy . The lyrics actually make me cringe ... they make me embarassed for the band . Looks as though Rivers ' perfect song `` formula '' is not so infallible after all.So I went back and played the Blue Album ... From the first few lines of `` The World Has Turned , '' I knew that I had not simply outgrown Weezer . That album was truly great . Make Believe is not . It is a slap in the face , an insult ... even more of an insult than their current `` end-the-show-with-30-minutes-of-feedback-while-our-stupid-fans-wait-for-an-encore '' trend . Weezer needs to stop thinking that we will all blindly and mindlessly scoop up whatever trash they put out just because they put out a couple of wonderful albums a decade ago . Make believe is awful , and if their fans do n't let them know that , they are going to keep creating this awful crap .
 Regardless of what other reviewers have said , Make Believe is NOT anywhere near as good as the Blue Album or Pinkerton , musically or lyrically . Those albums had a particular cleverness , swagger and depth that place them among the elite alternative rock albums of the 1990s . Make Believe should be evaluated on its own merit however ; I do n't know a serious Weezer fan who merely wanted an exact copy of Blue or Pinkerton anyway . Unfortunately , Make Believe is a formulaic , safe album that sounds as if Weezer has recorded templates of some of its previous -LRB- and inferior -RRB- material instead of drawing artistic inspiration from all of life 's fullness . The lyrics , once a cornerstone of Weezer 's unique ethos , are now awash with the cliches of a 13-year-old 's poetry -LRB- e.g. , `` Pardon Me ''
 I remember , a long time ago , I rushed to the store the day this came out , excited as hell , and went home and listened to it and crapped my pants in anger . I loved blue and pinkerton , green and maladroit were decent and had their moments . This has no moments . I listened to a probably twice a day the week I bought it , hoping I would find some redeeming qualities in it . I did n't . It got worse and worse . I have nightmares about it where ` we are all on drugs ' plays over and over again . I 'm not going to buy anymore weezer albums . I 'll always have the first two . and all the memories .
 First of all , since writing the following review I have listened to the CD more and more and would like to upgrade my rating to 3 stars . Unfortunately , CDNow wo n't let me edit that.I was n't expecting a return to Pinkerton like many of the fellow reviewers seemed to be . Rivers swore off his introspective writing immediately after Pinkerton flopped . What I was expecting because of press releases and partly on the strength of the Bevely Hills single was an album that sounded like the Weezer of the 90 's . The Blue Album and Pinkerton are far from glossy and this is what made them great in my opinion . The random guitar feedback and missed notes , plus the fact that the songs were simple and catchy . Rivers was audible and not drowned out by the other members of the band . Unfortunately , it does n't look like Ric Ocasek is coming back to produce . That 's another part of the problem . For this album they went with Rick Rubin , the mastermind behind the Beastie Boys and recently Jay-Z 's 99 problems . It 's my belief that working with a hitmaker such as this took away from the raw Weezer everyone liked in the 90 's . The songs sound overglossed , the guitar is too loud , and the lyrics ... whatever happened to `` You take your car to work and I 'll take my board '' ? I mean , we 're trying to make it easy for them and he wants to experiment . We do n't want the same old albums , we just want the same old sound . These albums are self-serving and the band does n't seem to care about what their fans want ... the fans that ran out to by their CD the day it came out after 5 years . Come on , show a little thanks.I must note , however , that I could listen to `` Freak Me Out '' everyday for the rest of my life and not get sick of it . Like the last two albums , there always seems to be about one song on each that stands out and sounds like the old Weezer . For this CD it 's `` Freak Me Out '' , on Maladroit it 's `` Burndt Jamb '' , and `` Island In the Sun '' on the Green Album .
 I ca n't believe someone would like this album . I am a Weezer fan , not a fan of crap but it appears that being a Weezer fan means you like really bad songs that sound like over produced , bad rock with cheesy hooks and bad riffs . I guess I should say that I am a fan of The Blue Album , Pinkerton and The Green Album . Oh Matt Shape , look what has become of Weezer . I 've read a few reviews that stated old fans would like this album . What a LIE . Do n't believe the hype , this album stinks . I 'd try to sell my copy but I would pass this CD on to my worst enemy !!!
 This room-clearing stinkbomb of a record is a practical joke Weezer played on Geffen . Or it 's a born again Rivers Cuomo solo project . It excels in both ways . The spirituality disease Rick Rubin infected Cuomo with has annihilated Weezer 's sensibility cell-by-cell . In a perfect world Geffen would have to pay people to listen to this . Instead of stealing this record , people who bought it will steal their money back from the record store . Only the retread single `` Beverly Hills , '' the passable `` We Are Not on Drugs , '' the classic rockish `` The Other Way , '' and the amusing throwaway `` Freak Me Out '' are almost worth the space they occupy on your Ipod . On `` This is Such a Pity '' Cuomo acknowledges that he , too , lived through the eighties , and illustrates precisely how a lame chorus can utterly destroy an otherwise decent song . Look for a lonely eighth grader to sue Cuomo in the coming weeks for plagiarizing his `` feelings '' journal on `` Hold Me . '' The high-minded earnestness of the droning `` Damage in your Heart , '' pathetic `` Pardon Me '' and bleating-to-be-skipped `` Peace '' is so unendurably boring that one must be well-paid to listen to these songs long enough to identify all the ways they are awful . Make Believe sounds like a good imitation of a generic corporate emo band grown in a lab badly mimicking the style of Pinkerton . The record as a whole works as a foil to prove the point that there is nothing inherently wrong with the quirkiness , silliness , and shallowness of Maladroit , and it fails loudly as a repudiation of that record . Rivers has to choose between the mutually exclusive vocations of being a self-harmonious monk and a decadent rock star . Let 's hope his bandmates and friends stage an intervention , pleading on hands and knees that he go back and smoke his hash pipe before setting foot in a studio again .
 What is this crap ? Weezers previous releases i loved -LRB- yes , even the green album and maladtroit -RRB- but this , this just straight up sucks , 85 % of this is just lame emo/love songs , and the lyrics SUCK , i couldnt wait to hear it when i first got it , then after i had listened to it , i was so disapointed , i still like weezer , but lets do ourselves a favor and forget this godawful pice of crap ever happened , i want the old weezer back .
 The first time I heard , `` We Are All on Drugs '' I cringed throughout the entire song , and for five hours after . Needless to say , I am going to sue Weezer for the emotional distress they caused , and for money for the hospital bills which were incurred . -LRB- I had to undergo intensive therapy to get my face back to it 's original state . Believe me , it 's not fun walking around NY with a hateful grimmace . -RRB- The second time I heard this song my thoughts went like this , `` Maybe they are being ironic and I just do n't get it . Maybe after the whole Pinkerton thing , Rivers went insane . Maybe their whole point is that songs devoid of well written lyrics , and creative playing are always hits . Maybe everyone is so stupid they will listen to a crappy song because they can sing along to a lame chorus , and Weezer wants to show us this ! MAYBE WEEZER IS ACTUALLY MAKING A VITAL SOCIAL POINT BY RELEASING THIS UTTER GARBAGE ! MAYBE I 'M THE ONE WITH A BLINDFOLD OVER MY EYES FOR NOT SEEING THE GREATNESS OF THIS DIDDY ! '' Then that feeling passed , and I realized that , no , they are n't being ironic , and that it is indeed one of the most moronic songs I have ever heard plain and simple . The rest of the album is not much better .
 whatever happened to the -LRB- intentionally -RRB- out of tune weezer ? the weezer that had cracking vocals and silly falsetto harmonies ? i loved the old weezer because they had energy , a great sense of humor and most importantly , they did n't take themselves too seriously . -LRB- just listen to the vocals on el scorcho again and see exactly what i 'm talking about ... -RRB- now , i 'm not talking about making the same album over and over again . but truly great bands have certain qualities that transcend all of their albums . look at bad religion . their music has evolved with each release , but the foundation -LRB- intelligent lyrics , breakneck speed , deep melodies -RRB- is clear on all of their albums . Weezer are a completely different band than they were in the beginning . the only thing left is the name . just stop trying so hard , rivers . that was the foundation i wish weezer would 've built on.get over it guys , the weezer we loved is dead . you may still enjoy this over produced , glossy CD but if it had been put out by any band that did n't start with `` Wuh '' and end in `` Eezer '' no one would give this 5 stars . jus sayin ... enough with the sympathy reviews already -LRB- i thought us weezer fans were spent after the last 2 albums ... -RRB-
 Weezer has always been one of those bands that I could take or leave but they at least might have something sorta interesting . this album however does n't bring much to my interests . the Lyrics & Music are just kinda there . not One single song caught my ear .
 Weezer 's comeback albums have progressively devolved from `` shallow but well-crafted and fun '' to `` slapdash and clumsy but endearingly silly '' to `` workmanlike , trite , and lifeless . `` These are serviceable tunes with no spark , no emotion , and lyrics so cliched that they subtract meaning instead of adding it . It 's not even fascinatingly bad ; it 's just boring . Rivers Cuomo seems to have worked deliberately to produce the most forgettable , unremarkable , personality-devoid product possible , and he has succeeded.The clever but silly little power pop trifles on the Green Album were a letdown after `` Pinkerton , '' but this album makes Green look like the second coming of `` Abbey Road '' or something.Sad .
 This is the most disappointing album I have ever bought . I am -LRB- was -RRB- a huge Weezer fan and I think Pinkerton is one of the best albums ever recorded . But WTF is this ? As soon as I heard the single , I had serious concerns - it sounds like Weezer trying to be Weezer , and it is boring and stupid . `` We Are All On Drugs '' sounds like something a bunch of 14-year-olds would come up with for their high school Battle of the Bands . It is really really really really bad . And the lyrics - my god . This album has no life , no soul , no heart . I think Rivers has been replaced with a robot . Weezer is dead .
 Angst when you 're over 30 years old is n't cool , it 's pitiful . Grow the f*ck up.This album lacks any punch and those moments when it comes close fade away once an insipid lyric is attached . `` We Are All On Drugs '' is not tongue-in-cheek , is not ironic and borders on an earnestness that 's almost Mormon -- meaning , it 's a lame tune . The rhyme scheme along pisses me off . The radio track `` Beverly Hills '' is non-threatening and sing-along -LRB- file `` The Damage in Your Heart '' here as well -RRB- . `` Perfect Situation '' opens as a Weezer tune that sounds like it 's a third-rate rip-off of a Weezer tune . And the ` ballad ' tracks reek of psuedo-sentiment , like some Oprahish memoir.Is this what Weezer aspires to ? It 's just not what you want to hear from these guys . Make Believe sounds like a soundtrack album to a Kristin Dunst movie or a WB teen-drama , if you 're into that love this album up .
 I 've been a Weezer fan since 1997 -LRB- since Pink Triangle was released as the 3rd single -RRB- and I must say that I was n't too impressed with Make Believe . Just like everyone else , I admit that the Blue Album and Pinkerton were godly cds -- easily some of my favourite cds in my current 290 cd collection . The Green Album was a pretty melodic album as well -- but it did n't have any substance and the songs flowed too generically . Maladroit , on the other hand , sounded like a bunch of demos thrown together.As for the review of Make Believe , let me do the typical track-by-track analysis :1 -RRB- Beverly Hills
 Many of the reviewers seem to have accepted and embraced the fact that a typical Weezer song is mindless and repetitive . Why ? If way back in 1994 , Weezer had released Make Believe instead of The Blue Album do you think they would have a cult following , let alone be around 11 years later ? It was their freshness and creativity that brought them popularity and it is soulless dribble like this that will lead to their demise .
 I got this CD back in May shortly after it came out because I liked the single ... biggest mistake I 've made in a while . The songs , with the exception of like 3 , -LRB- 1 , 6 , and 9 -RRB- just have absolutely no energy at all , and the ones that do would have been good songs if they did n't have such corny lyrics . Let 's face it people , `` you 're my best friend and I love you , and I love you , yes I do '' are not good lyrics ... well , I still say that Beverly Hills is an amazing song , but other than that and a few other perks here and there , it 's definately not worth buying , or even burning for that matter . Sorry guys , but unless you wake up , I do n't think I 'm buying your next one .
 I do n't know , I really like the first three tracks , `` Beverly Hills , '' `` Perfect Situation , '' and `` This is such a pity . '' But after that , the songs are total crap in my opinion . `` hold me '' is ok . But I feel that weezer has lightened up their style too much . I do n't hear anything in this album that even remotely reminds me of the songs that made them bad ass and awesome - `` Hashpipe '' `` say it ai n't so '' and `` the sweater song '' . They were way more rockin back then . Now they seem like synthesized whiney little bitches . I 'm sorry .
 So after reading some of these reviews , I honestly ca n't see what people see -LRB- hear -RRB- in this album . Yes , the Blue Album and Pinkerton were incredible . The Green album was listenable . Maladroit -- eh . Make Believe
 After listening to this album a few times and settling on my opinion , I went to Amazon to see if everyone agreed . There , I was disappointed to see that many people defended Weezer as a maturing and improving band . The fact is , however , that this album simply very sub par next to their other albums.In the beginning of each song , one might be led to think that that the album has a redeeming factor , as each song begins with a poppy , catchy guitar riff that one can expect from Weezer . However , as each song progresses , it is clear that Weezer has lost their touch . The songs are repetetive , feautring mildly catchy choruses followed by painfully tame guitar solos . And that is not to mention the vocals . The melodies in the singing are uncreative , and the lyrics are so uninspired , corny , and angsty that it is embarassing to listen to this music around others . A perfect example of this disappointing song formula
 It 's interesting , really , how Weezer is evolving . Brian Bell said something like this album is `` catchy Blue/Pinkerton melodies with Maladroit solos '' , which sounds pretty appealing on paper . I do n't agree with the folks who want another Blue or Pinkerton , but just the same , I do n't agree with the = W = fanboys who are playing `` stand by your geek '' just because it 's Weezer.This mixture of old and new Weez that we 've been given just does n't work . Green was kinda dumb , but it was catchy and fun . Maladroit was a big jump in maturity , but in my opinion , it 's just glum and boring . That maturity just does n't work with the Blue-ish song structures ; it turns into already-been-chewed bubblegum pop.I 'm not about to accuse Rivers of having `` lost his touch '' or trying too hard , after his breakdown after Pinkerton , to please the fans with another Blue , because he 's obviously trying to create a new-but-still-similar-to-old sound . It 's not that Weezer is changing too much ; it 's that they are n't changing ENOUGH .
 It pains me to say so - with PFM being such an an institution of Jpop , but there is no denying that this cd is a stinker . The artwork is the only highlight.Having said that I 've struggled through the cd only once . Ca n't bring myself to do it again .
 Like other reviewers , I think Lucinda is a fantastic performer who has written a lot of great songs . I 'm afraid her singing on these live cds detracts trememdously from her songs and the capable playing of her band . She sounds like a worn out bar singer , and her vocals are really rough . Luckily , I saw her Fall 2005 and her voice is still fantastic ... these recordings must have caught her on an off night .
 I 'm grateful I found this at my local library so I could listen to it before buying it -- I mean NOT buying it . Lucinda sounds drunk or stoned . She 's off key , her phrasing and pacing is bad , and the whole thing is painful to listen to . Like the other thumbs down reviewers , I have no idea why anyone thought this concert should have been made available commercially . Save your money and stick to her studio recordings .
 As a longtime fan I have to sadly say I wo n't be buying this one . Lucinda is a true genius . A god to singer songwriters . A big but here , the powers that be should have never released this one until her voice was in top form . Like nails on a chalk board some of the songs are unlistenable . I love you Lu but any of your studio releases are 4 stars beter than this . Check out the new Live in Austin DVD for some real singin ' .
 I purchased this CD by mistake . Lucinda did a marvelous live concert song that I thought was on this disc . Unfortunately , this show was recorded during her `` torturing a drunk cat '' singing phase . This work is only for diehard Lucinda fans who think she can do no wrong .
 Since when does atonality , stumble-drunk delivery , and a complete lack of interest in the music translate to `` intense '' ? There 's nothing intense about this recording . Williams is just a wasted , self-obsessed performer who is unable to deal with the poetry and heart of her truly good music . Going to her concerts is painful , and so is listening to this cd . The only thing that makes it satisfying is imagining myself ripping the smashed black urban-cowboy hat off one of the skanky tank-top wearing Lucinda wanna-bes who mainly attend her concerts these days , and throwing it in the nearest toilet . I 'll take her recordings on Smithsonian/Folkways anyday over this tripe .
 What on earth was Williams and her record company thinking when they put this disaster out as a * double * CD ? Her voice destroys literally every single song , the set list -LRB- as others have pointed out -RRB- has no pacing or any kind of logic , and if this if these are the best tracks from three nights of performing , then the others must have been unendurable.Williams is toast . She sounds smacked out of her head on this record , and the simple fact that this was even released indicates that the people who are managing her do n't expect anything better in the near future and are trying to cash in while she 's still able to perform at all.RstJ
 I have been trying to listen this album for some time but it 's intolerable.I listen to Lucinda constantly , have for years , she is a wonderful and soulful artist , I certainly dig her whole style and groove but this performance is just depressing so out of my life it goes . It really upsets me to hear her sounding so bad , it is puzzling how this performance was so bad and why it was released ! We should have been spared this .
 I love Lucinda . Period . Her CDs are the only music that I play in my car , in my house , in my MP3 . I rip her CDs onto my computer as soon as I receive one and leave the original in a locked box to keep it as pristine as possible.As far as Live @ The Fillmore , I could just as soon put each disc through my shredder and the sound of the shredding would be more soothing than her screeching.Let me give M-W 's definition of `` screech ''
 I 've been a Lucinda fan for many years . In my mind `` Car Wheels on a Gravel Road '' was her finest hour . I kept buying the studio albums up through this release ... and then I gave up . Honestly , I find the collection of songs on this concert collection very boring and lethargic . Certainly not the sort of heart and soul that moves me . I really tried to like this one but it kept making me drowsy so I sold it to a used shop . By contrast , I found the live material on the new Deluxe Edition -LRB- 2-discs -RRB- of `` Car Wheels '' to be wonderful .
 What a bad album the songs on here are dreadful.Do YOURSELF a massive favour forget this album even exists .
 How this album can get such great reviews is beyond me . It a piece of crap that should not have been released . KISS do grunge ? Yeah I like to see that . The vocals are ok and the lyrics to each song are just *** . Save your time and money and buy eariler Kiss music , the stuff that rocks
 This is without doubt the worst Kiss album ever alongside with `` Psycho circus '' . The band have jumped every musical trend since the late 1970 's -LRB- disco , hair metal , grunge -RRB- and this release show it 's all for fame and money - not music ! I 'd like to think that there once was a musical honesty that made albums like `` Kiss '' , `` Hotter than hell '' , `` Destroyer '' and `` Love gun '' among others so good . But with a lot of weak and uneven albums , Kiss have really hit rock bottom with this awful effort . The calculating -LRB- of especially Gene Simmons ? -RRB- have just proven that the band have totally lost their soul and I do n't think it 's possible for Kiss to ever make a come back . Too bad the band did n't quit earlier when they had some dignity left .
 carnival of souls to me is bad i gave my cd away.IT ` S Slow it just Do n`t sound LIKE kiss.some may Like this cd but I did not . I SEE WHY THIS WAS THE FINAL SESSIONS . IT IS JUST BAD I DID NOT LIKE THIS CD . THANK YOU .
 Kiss did not lend very well to the grunge sound . This does not sound like Kiss at all . while other albums that they made were influenced by other types of music you could still hear Kiss shining through . I could not hear Kiss in any shape or form in this album . It is the worst they ever attempted . Thank God that Ace and peter came back briefly to derail this direction they were headed in .
 ... which means as pathetic sell-outs . As a long-time member of the KISS ARMY , I know what it means to be disappointed . And this album does it . I felt so used afterward , like I was just making them rich or something.New material ? Forget it . Honouring the dead members of the band ? Yeah , right.Avoid !
 This album is a real embarrassment in the Kiss catalog . There are plenty of GREAT Kiss albums , this one can be avoided .
 kiss goes grunge ?? sounds like soundgarden , alice in chains ripoff for the most part . songs arent bad , but they arent good either ... disappointing effort from the band . best cuts
 I own them all ... this is the worst . Kiss ' attempt at grunge/very very heavy rock . Uhh , it is so bad except for 1 or 2 songs which are tolerable .
 Like Kissco was ` nt bad enough . This is even worse . It drags on & on & on . Like a bad hangover . Save your $ $ $ $ & buy some classic Kiss or an Ace Frehley album .
 No wonder it was unreleased for a while and recenly out of print -LRB- about to be re-issued -RRB- . This is Kiss trying to be someone else . Both Gene and Paul made fun of the seattle sound back in the day and this is them trying to copy that style.Kiss has always been known as a party/good time band . Well , on this record they 're pretending to be angry the whole album . It sounds fake.Do yourself a favor and save your money . You wo n't regret it .
 What was KISS thinking doing an alternative album ?!?! `` Hate '' is the only redeeming song on this alternative piece of crap !! Only Nirvana fans will like this one !! After playing this in my CD player , I had to give my CD player a quick dose of `` anti-suck '' in the form of `` Duece '' . THANK GOD my player works still . What 's with that cover ?!?! That 's THE worst cover I 've seen on a KISS album !! AVOID THIS AT ALL COSTS !! Unless you 're collecting the entire set of KISS CD 's , like me . It 's better used as a drink coaster !!
 I love KISS , but I wonder what they were thinking here . If I wan na hear Black Sabbath that 's what I 'll listen to . This disk is heavy which is great but it 's also slow which is very anti-Kiss . This was supposed to be a sister album to Revenge , but Revenge although different was still Kiss . By being Kiss I mean fun , fast , sing along , rock and roll . This is very plodding and methodical like most of the music from 93-97 . Thank God grunge is pretty much over because all of that music was so unbelievably boring -LRB- yes let me be the first to say all of Pearl Jam 's songs are boring -RRB- . And unfortunately Kiss followed suit here .
 This has got to be Kiss ' worst album ever ! Why ? It has absolutely no energy or excitement anywhere on it , unlike their previous album , `` Revenge '' , which was just heavy as hell and rocked . Most other Kiss albums were really fun to listen to , with only a few exceptions , like `` Dynasty '' , `` Unmasked '' and `` Crazy Nights '' . `` Carnival of Souls '' is just plain dull & boring . I 'm sure the band thought they were being clever by doing something different , but instead they were following somebody else 's lead instead of being leaders themselves . The songs here are depressing as well . It must have been raining outside the whole time they recorded it . They even look bored themselves on the cover photo ! The one & only pleasant surprise on here is `` I Walk Alone '' , which , amazingly , was sung by guitarist Bruce Kulick . If you 're new to the music of Kiss , do yourself a favor and skip this one .
 It is okay to go in a slightly different route musically . But if you must , do it in a way that does n't suck . What kiss should of done if they wanted to go in a different direction was add just a little bit of the grunge . But unfortunately they added too much and they sounded horrible . Also the one song that seemed like it would of been a good song was `` I walk alone '' . But it got ruined by Bruce Kulick 's crapy singing . Kiss should never atempt grunge again because they suck at it . I 'm glad that they went into a more rock sound with psycho circus . I thought that was a good album a whole lot better than this garbage .
 This demonstrated kiss at a very bad piece of garbage
 This is what Paul Stanley said once when asked about this album . He said
 Simply
 Hold on a second ! This is not Kiss . I mean , it 's a grunge album . I mean , I am a big grunge fan , but i was disgusted hearing it from kiss . I remember reading that Gene Simmons wrote something along the lines of `` Id rather listen to the Spice Girls than a grunge album . Well , they went and wrote one . The only kiss that i find good is when its the original lineup -LRB- and some eric carr -RRB- Dont buy this one .
 ... which means as pathetic sell-outs . As a long-time member of the KISS ARMY , I know what it means to be disappointed . And this album does it . I felt so used afterward , like I was just making them rich or something.New material ? Forget it . Honouring the dead members of the band ? Yeah , right.Avoid !
 TERRIBLE , i mean just look at the cover that 's more than enough proof this band could n't care less .
 I 'm old school . I like the original three . I liked Alive ! and Destroyer . I started getting uncomfortable during the Hot in the Shade/Unmasked period . This album is heavy on songs written by Gene . You can tell he manufactured the thing from beginning to end . -LRB- Not that that 's entirely bad , I happened to like his solo album , and `` Going Blind '' might be my favorite KISS song . -RRB- But here he seems to want to capitalize on that Alice in Chains-Soundgarden vibe , and it just ends up coming off so derivative and kinda pathetic . Quite frankly , it 's a little Rob Halford-esque . KISS is SOOOOO much better than this . I long for the days of `` She 's a dancer , a romancer / I 'm a Capricorn and she 's a Cancer ... '' and `` Baby , baby , do n't ya hesitate , cuz I just ca n't wait ... '' Humor . Fun . Remember them ?
 I didnt get the dvd with the cds so obviously im dissapointed that I paid for it and it was a no show .
 I must have been confused , because I thought I 'd be getting a DVD of the concert plus a couple of audio CD 's . When the shipment arrived , I opened the standard DVD case and found only a single disc . There was , however , an offer to sell me the two CD 's for a mere $ 20 . I 've never had a problem with any of my previous orders , but this one leaves me less than thrilled . I 've searched the web site for help with this , but just keep running into dead ends . How do I get a hold of amazon 's customer service to sort this out ?
 The concert itself is quite nice though i heard much better arrangements for some tracks in former years . The drums are quite weird in that sort of music for example -LRB- remembers me to some sort of James Last mood -RRB- . The sound engineering is of the worst i have met for years . Loreenas voice is clippind frequently when it gets a little louder . The harp and other instruments a hardly been heard in some tracks thogh you can see them being played -LRB- remebers me to silent movie ages -RRB- . The video qality is fluffy and lacks of blillinace at all . If you belong to those species who do n't notice these all these things , you would be happy with that recording maybe . To me its a pitty that none of Loreenas music ever was engineered propperly through all those long long years . But this recording beats them all maybe .
 The first order I received did not contain the cds . The wrong order came in . . i reordered and the pkg was complete . There was a complete difference in the size of the container . So the problem was not with Amazon !
 `` Willful Days '' is a compilation of rare Killing Joke remixes , b-sides , etc. . It 's not really quite what anyone would have hoped as it leaves off many essential pieces , and much of this is available elsewhere.Of the thirteen tracks , seven of them are remixes -- most of these are fairly extraneous , I 'm not really big on the concept of remixes for this band to begin with , although the dub mix of `` Follow the Leaders '' is decent enough -LRB- for that matter , so is the gestalt mix of `` Love Like Blood '' -RRB- . The real gems are the rarities -- `` Are You Receiving '' was on the band 's first single -LRB- the entire thing is available as part of the `` Chaos for Breakfast '' set -RRB- , its a decent enough punk song , `` Sun Goes Down '' -LRB- also available elsewhere -RRB- , a `` Fire Dances '' era b-side is superb -- tribal rhythms , muted guitars , and a haunting vocal . While they 're both well loved , I do n't rate either the pop song `` Me Or You '' or its roasting guitar driven b-side , `` Willful Days '' all that highly , the latter is decent enough , but its chorus and bizarre pop vocal delivery -LRB- `` yeah yeah , willful days '' -RRB- just gets to me . `` A New Day '' is a good enough song in the style of the `` Night Time '' material , but has this totally annoying echo on the vocal that ruins the song . Oddly enough , the same can be said for `` The Maddening Crowd '' , from the following year -- did the band develop some sort of echo obsession?If you 're a collector , you 'll want this , anyone else can skip it .
 I normally dont do reviews for cds with a lot of reviews , but i had to on this one.What was kory clarke thinking on this one , is he the next steven perchy of ratt.I mean come on fellows just because you get misstreated from the record companines dont take it out on the fans , simply put this album is terrible .
 I may have to change my rating to 3 stars , or at least 2 and ahalf , for there really are some GREAT songs here . The previoustwo KISS albums were pathetic and probably had a total of onlytwo good songs between 'em . ON HOT IN THE SHADE , KISS startedgoing back in the right direction , if not musically , at leastlyrically . To be honest , I ca n't recall how much of the secondhalf of this album sounds , but the first half contains threeof the greatest songs to appear on a KISS album in a very longtime . RISE TO IT , starting out with some slide guitar work fromBRUCE KULICK , is a rousing riff rocker in the tradition of olderKISS songs like LOVE GUN and I STOLE YOUR LOVE , with a very powerful vocal from PAUL STANLEY . The first time I heard FOREVERwas at a WEDDING , for pete 's sake and I love the heck out of it!Tis one of my favorite power ballads ever.I also really like BRUCE KULICK 'S acousticguitar solo on it , which sounds very much like JIMMY PAGE 'S solofor THANK YOU ! NICE SONG ! SILVERSPOON is another ROUSING RIFF ROCKER and contains one of myfavorite lyrics by PAUL STANLEY -LRB- '' in the city where the buid-ings rise , I was just another face ... -RRB- , that part!The rest is n't quite as spectacular , but ... you ca n't have every-thing ... where would you put it ?
 There are many things that are wrong with 1989 's Hot in the shade , but let 's start with the good first . Paul Stanley 's `` Forever '' and Eric Carr 's `` Little Caesar '' are both gems . The former being one of KISS 's biggest hits of the 80 's and the latter being one of Eric 's best contibutions to a KISS album.Now for the bad
 This is one of Kiss 's worst albums . The only reason it sold at all and the tour did so well was because of `` Forever '' . There are 4 good songs and 11 pieces of crap . Period . `` Rise to It '' rocks like classic Kiss ; `` Hide Your Heart '' is classic 80 's Kiss , `` Forever '' is undeniably a great ballad and was a smash hit at radio ; and `` Little Caesar '' is a rockin offering from Eric Carr . The rest of the songs stink . Gene 's `` Betrayed '' is maybe okay . Gene does not have one other good tune on here and his songwriting is awful . `` Boomerang '' and `` Somewhere Between Heaven and Hell '' are arguably two of his worst songs ever ! Just total snorefests of songs . And how about Paul imitating Def Leppard 's `` Pour Some Sugar on Me '' with `` Read My Body '' . Listen to it ... it 's almost identical . Or Paul trying to be Bon Jovi with `` King of Hearts '' . I love Kiss , and I listened to this when it came out , but these songs do n't stand the test of time at all . Did anyone at a concert ever yell , `` Play ` Prisoner of Love ' !! '' I think not . These are almost all forgettable . They could have released those 4 songs in an EP . Looking back on it , one can see that with so many styles on here , Kiss was really lost at this point , They could n't rock as hard as Metallica , they could n't do classic Kiss in make-up without Ace and Peter , and they were not as pretty-boy good looking for the little chippies as Poison , Def Leppard , or Bon Jovi who wrote catchy 80 's tunes . Yet , Kiss tried to fit in at this point as best they could .
 . . I was a HUGE Kiss fan before this album . As soon as I first heard `` Rise To It '' , I knew this was it for Kiss and for me loving them . They were never the same again after this album . This album never fooled me for a moment . Generally one of the weakest assortment of songs I 've ever heard by ANY band . Even `` Forever '' , although a great song and video , could n't salvage this train-wreck . Kiss had truly had their time . ` Crazy Nights ' appeared to have some direction , purpose , some fine playing and a brilliant album cover . To top THIS pitiful album off , a dreadfully weak album cover . Contrived and pathetic . This album is terribly weak . An extremely poor effort . The end .
 Certainly you can sense that changes were a foot , but with a half baked production , Gene 's material sinking even lower -LRB- if possible -RRB- and Paul straining his vocal chords over less than convincing copies of more popular acts ideas there is too little to redeem this one . Of course there is always one shining light in the depths of darkness this time a mega ballad called `` Forever '' which managed a good placing on the mainstream charts and allowed the band to hit the road -LRB- promotors were un-convinced that a tour could be supported until the single charted -RRB- . `` Hide Your Heart '' has Bon Jovi written all over it spoilt by an over obvious chorus , `` Read My Body '' a sub-standard Def Leppard wannabe , and na na na 's , ah ah ah 's and woah woaha 's punctuating any other song that lacked a lyric to finish it off properly . In my mind the darkest hour musically for the mighty Kiss . Add last to your collection . Even the cover sucks the big one .
 Still trying to be a hip hair band in the mid eighties . Kiss really could not fit in their tights anymore as middle age crept up on them . The formula ran thin but their waistlines did n't ! The music was horrible - they were trying to be the hair metal band that they never really were - pathetic . Gone were the great riffs , gone were the great harmonies and the subtle humor . They became a joke - Kiss - `` Men in Tights '' but the tights were ripping at the butt seams . And the girls were yelling , `` Put the Makeup back on ... PLEASE ! ''
 I just can not believe how terrible this is . Kiss really should have retired after Animalize anyhow . They have not done a decent album since . Gene and Paul should be outright ashamed of themselves . I guess they did n't learn that jumping on trends for them does not work after the Dynasty/Unmasked awfulness . How could they sink even lower ? Start putting out crap like this was the answer .
 the last KISS album featuring the appearance of fan favorite & drummer Paul Charles Caravello AKA Eric Carr . sadly Eric passed away not too long after this album was recorded of heart cancer and is greatly missed by many KISS fans . R.I.P.recently i bought the cd version for my friend whos a diehard kiss fan/collector . now for my review of Hot in the Shade ; this album was actually my least favorite in terms of the 1980 's era KISS . ive heard bootlegs & demos of songs intended to be on this album that in comparison to the actual album left me scratching my head . the worse song on this album is Cadillac Dreams-YUK ! i wished gene had been derailed by that cadillac for even thinking that song would be good ! but it did have some good stuff on it . the songs `` forever '' - -LRB- on forever bruce kulicks acoustic guitar solo is beautiful -RRB- `` rise to it '' & `` hide your heart '' are the strong songs to look for and the titles ending track `` boomerang '' is a monster of a tune featuring some of eric carrs best drum work . it seems KISS had alot of material to work with during this time , i just wished they had either written better songs or took the time to carefully choose the right songs for this album . i was not impressed by hot in the shade.unless your a diehard fan like my friend than i recommend trying out samples of this album BEFORE buying it . my opinion is one voice , yours is you own .
 Hot in the Shade made Kiss `` s plummet down in the late 80 's look worse . Why do we have 15 tracks on the most -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- unfocused record . Gene is by far clueless ever . The only great tracks here are the singles especially the top 10 `` Forever '' a great tune I might say . The others are plain horrible or maybe mediocre at best . This does sadly end Eric Carr 'S tenure with the band as he died 2 years later in 1991 . His vocal for his one and only `` Little Caesar '' is average at best , but Eric will always be remembered forever R.I.P Kiss will come back in full force with 1992 Revenge Cd . This was the first time I saw Kiss the tour was amazing and it comes to show you that no matter who is in the band Kiss still rule live .
 I had this album for a while , but I eventually got rid of it . I 've got a few Kiss albums on tape and CD , but Hot in the Shade is the only one I had no good reason to keep . The songs just never left an impression on me and just seemed to be filler with nothing standing out . Not a completely poor album , but not recommended either .
 Two years after the glossy ` Crazy Nights ' Kiss returned with an album that tries very hard to be worse than 1985 's ` Asylum ' . Closing out a decade that had seen their focus all over the place in attempts to regain their 1970s glory -LRB- and compete with imitators who were outselling them -RRB- this record gives the distinct impression that the whole machine had almost ground to a halt.There is very little to recommend about ` Hot in the Shade ' . The production credit says Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley , so presumably that means Simmons had the upper hand . Whatever the case , it shares a distinctly under-produced sound with ` Asylum ' . The whole record sounds cheap and thin . Even worse , it is mostly boring , full of uninspired tired clich&eacute; - ridden tracks . Even Paul Stanley 's efforts are poor . To add insult to injury , there are 15 songs to suffer through , with Mercury Records promoting it upon release as a bargain with over 70 minutes of music . If they were good songs , maybe . Instead it is just painful ... and sad ... and dull.Composing again with various corporate writers who were working with every other hard rock American band - Desmond Child , Dianne Warren , Holly Knight , Bob Halligan - it is surprising that the results are n't at least mildly compelling . Highlights include Paul Stanley 's partnership with Michael Bolton -LRB- yes , really -RRB- on ` Forever ' , a song that is reminiscent of ` Reason to Live ' on ` Crazy Nights ' and sports some wonderful classically inspired finger picked guitar from Bruce Kulick and some impressive vocal gymnastics from Stanley . The other interesting thing to note is that the handful of remaining semi-reasonable songs are co-wrtten with Vinnie Poncia , who produced and co-wrote on the two pop albums -LRB- ` Dynasty ' and ` Unmasked ' -RRB- Kiss made a decade earlier . Compared to ` Hot in the Shade ' they are true masterpieces . The best of these tracks - ` Silver Spoon ' -LRB- with Stanley -RRB- - is the most impressive song on the album and well worth a listen . Most of the rest are , tragically , flat out forgettable.With Guns N ' Roses riding high in the charts and Alice Cooper making a comeback , this appalling uninspired release from Kiss was hard to understand .
 This album has absolutely no original songs in it . Kiss hit its low point with this album and the previous album . Ace Frehley plays `` Hide Your Heart '' more like Kiss than Kiss does . Another low point in this band 's existance .
 This is Kiss at their worst . I heard them on the radio saying they put 15 songs on the album because they were classic songs . Give me a break . Half the album 's songs are throwaways . This would have been better as a 9-track album
 The year was 1989 , and there were high expectations that Kiss would be releasing a heavier album than 1987 's `` Crazy Nights , '' arguably the band 's worst album to date . With `` Hot in the Shade , '' Kiss delivered a mix of so-so new songs that seemed more like `` Crazy Nights '' outtakes . `` Hot in the Shade '' also has the distinction of being the first Kiss album not to have the Kiss logo prominently displayed on the front cover . Instead , it 's repeated in the little circular postage stamp in the right-hand section.Things fall apart immediately with `` Rise To It '' slide guitar intro -LRB- think Cinderella 's `` Fallin ' Apart at the Seams '' -RRB- . Next is a Gene throwaway , `` Betrayed '' that goes absolutely nowhere . `` Hide Your Heart '' is interesting because Ace Frehley released his veriosn the very same year on his `` Trouble Walkin ' '' CD . And between the two , I find I prefer Ace 's version . Most fans are familiar with `` Forever , '' the tune co-written by Michael Bolton . It became one of Kiss ' highest charting singles , and got them quite a bit of airplay . Taken outside the context of this album , it was no better or worse than any of the other ballads being released as the music scene edged into the 1990 's . After a few listens , I could n't help but notice how many riffs or ideas were lifted from other bands . The biggest offender is the sad `` Pour Some Sugar On Me '' rip-off , `` Read My Body . '' It may be the worst song Kiss ever recorded . From its Casio keyboard inspired drum intro , to Paul Stanley 's attempt at copying Joe Elliot , it 's a disaster . `` Prisoner Of Love '' ? `` Love 's A Slap In The Face '' `` Silver Spoon '' ? `` King of Hearts '' ? All pretty darn bland and unlistenable . The only song I find even remotely enjoyable is `` You Love Me To Hate You . '' It actually has a great chorus that builds and shows the slight spark of creativity . Also interesting to note is that Eric Singer , Kevin Valentine , and a drum machine -LRB- most noticable on `` The Street Giveth ... '' -RRB- were used on several songs instead of Eric Carr.And then there 's `` Cadillac Dreams . '' I 'm not sure if Gene was lampooning himself when he sings , `` Money , money , that what I want ... '' but it sadly has become his calling card over the years.Album Grade
