 What can I say , this CD kicks -LSB- it -RSB- ! Cant stop playing it ! There are some real catchy tunes on here ! GO BUY IT EVERYONE !
 You wana feel good while hanging out with friends ? Are you tired of boy bands ? Well step aside and let these guys through . With their songs bout girls , cars and parties they show us that punk is very much alive and kicking . they take ska and fuse it with some rap . This is great !! I dont know what to say im at a lose for words that is how great this is!Best Songs
 This CD is totally awesome . It is the best CD Mest has put out yet . it features many great songs including Mother 's Prayer , Breaking Down , Chelsea , Caddilac , and Drawing Board just to name a few . This is definately a great Cd for all punk lovers .
 Mest has done it again . There second album , Wasting Time , has been topped by the third release from these guys , Destination Unknown . I loved the second album by Mest and I knew it was going to take a lot to change my mind . I bought the cd the day it came out and I was definatly wrong . Awsome lyrics , admazing power cordes , and the certain Mest touch make this cd a great purchase . Mest rocks !
 Wow . Just a few weeks ago , I was introduced to this type of music by my friend . I can absolutely say that I love it , and it really wakes me up in the morning , when I need it the most . Destination Unknown is definitely their best CD yet ! `` Cadillac '' is like the best song ever ! My old favortite by them used to be `` What 's the Dillio ? '' but now I just ca n't stop playing `` Cadillac '' . My advice to you is if you want the CD and like this type of music , go buy it ! It 's worth every penny !
 I picked this cd up the day it came out , November 13 , looking for a good all around cd . When I got home , I listened to the whole cd and loved every song . Its got great songs like `` Yesterday '' and `` Cadillac . '' It also has the song from their first cd , `` Drawing Board . '' If you liked Mest 's first cd even the slightest bit , definatley pick up this cd . It 's a guarentee good all around cd with a few great songs !
 Awesome CD . I got it today and was amazed . The tracks are just as good maybe better than those from Wasting Time , which got me hooked on Mest . Yesterday , Another Day , Misunderstood and pretty much all the others are awesome . A must have for a Mest fan nd for someone who enjoys their type of music .
 I think Mest is an excellent band . They have everything that you could want in a pop-punk band
 This CD is soo hott ! If you 've listened to any of their other cds , this would come as no surprise to you . . MEST ROCKS ! They have their own twist on punk rawk and this CD holds no exception . I ca n't get enough of it !! They 're unlike anyone else out there and I highly suggest this album ! It 's music that makes you bounce off the walls and it just puts you in a good mood . I have n't heard anyone that 's listened to them ever say one negative thing about them , even in the least bit ! So I think you should go out and buy this CD right now ! Forget about N'sync , Britney or any of the latest pop artists . . get in touch with your punked-out self and listen to some awesome music ! You wo n't regret it , I promise !! The first time I heard MEST was at a Good Charlotte concert . . they came on , played 30 seconds of their first song and that was it . . I WAS IN LOVE ! As soon as they finished , I went straight over and bought Destination Unknown . The CD never leaves my CD player . Show some love for the punk rawk scene and pick up the album !!
 Catchy lyrics , sick riffs , and a band with a totally cool attitude , this , in my opinion , is their best to date , with their self titled in second and mo money mo 40 ' z in third . The only album from Mest that i didnt really like was wasting time , but it still was n't that bad ...
 this cd is one that once you listen to , your hooked . mest has songs for pretty much however you feel , if you happy , sad , hyper . . whatever . this whole cd is worth listening to , and you do n't have to skip over any bad tracks cuz there are none . definately one to buy if you like blink182 , allister , or new found glory .
 well ... first off , out of my numerous cd collection , this has got to be right on top with other favorites including yellowcard , pennywise , green day , and blink . i mean , you 'd think as a new band , they would n't be that great ... right ? heck no ! these guys are awesome ! After hearing them at a concert ... wow ! they were great ! i strongly recommend buying this cd ... every song is well worth listening to .
 Let me start off by saying ... if you did n't like Mest after `` Wasting Time '' , I KINDA see where you 're coming from . Maybe you thought they could only put out one good album -LRB- though it is very good -RRB- . But after Destination Unknown , I see no reason why you ca n't like them . This cd is even better than Wasting Time , with some amazing tracks such as Opinions , Cadillac , Living Dead ... hell the whole album is amazing . The lyrics are very good , and Tony Lovato is an amazing vocalist , but this album features something alot of other albums just totally ignore
 bEING A LONG TIME MEST FAN , I EXPECTED A LOT FROM THEIR FOLLOW UP ALBUMN , DESTINATION UNKNOWN . aND IT LIVED UP TO EVERY BIT OF THAT EXPECTATION . tHERE ARE SOME OF THE BEST , MOST FUN SONGS ON THIS ALBUMN LIKE `` CADILLAC '' . bUT THERE IS ALSO A MORE SERIOUS SIDE ABOUT THE PAINFUL ISSUES OF LIFE . dESTINTION UNKNOWN IS DEFINATLY AN ALBUMN A LOT OF PEOPLE CAN RELATE TO . mEST ONCE AGAIN , MADE AN AWESOME ALBUMN , WHICH EVERYONE SHOULD GO OUT AND BUY BECAUSE IT WORTH EVERY DOLLAR YOU PAY .
 Mest 's newest album Destination Unkown is one of the best I 've heard in a long time . They are inventful and creative in everyway . The two songs I have found to be best known are Cadillac and Mother 's Prayer . Both are awesome . This band has something new in their sound . The guitar riffs are beautiful , the sound of the bass has something to say for its own , and the beats of the drum are extremely fast making this easy to listen to . Its awesome music if you like punk or ska music . Give it a listen , its guaranteed to get you into the style of the music , and to make you love Mest .
 Check 'em out at mestcrapp.com - They 're really a great band with that pop punk vibe - but do n't shun them off so quickly if you 're thinking `` pop punk '' ew - Their catchy tunes will keep you coming back for more !! MEST is such an awesome band . I remember the first time I saw them in Philly at the Electric Factory ! I heard What 's the Dillio -LRB- from Wasting Time -RRB- and just HAD to get their CD . Now , 7 shows later , and with their latest CD in hand , I am completely satisfied as a MEST fan . These Chicago guys are just awesome , on stage and off ! They really wo n't let you down - and no offense to Good Charlotte , but MEST should be headlining those tours , especially considering GC was still playing the same old act for the past 2 years ! Way to go Tony , Nick , Jeremiah , and Matt ! -LRB- the guys -RRB- - Keep up the good work !
 umm to put this in a few simple words ... mest rocks and so does this cd . `` destination unknown '' is one of the greatest cds i own , and i own well over 350 cds . this is just one of the cds i can put in my cd player and listen to it until i fall asleep , and thats usually after around 4 times of it playing over and over again . mest is not just some band that just has songs that are all joking , sure they have some funny songs , but songs such as `` drawing board '' have some meaning to it . to summerize GET THIS CD NOW !!
 This CD is by far the most awesome CD ever . Every song absolutely rocks . You would be stupid not to be a Mest lover !
 Hey people ! okay well Mest is one of the best bands i 've ever heard ! i 've been a fan of theirs since their last CD first came out ! if you like punk bands like Blink182 this you 'll love this CD ! in my opinion they are better then blink ! okay guyz now its up to you ! but buy this cd !
 Destination Unkown is a awesome cd , I listen to it about everyday the songs are really catchy and mest rocks in concert come back to Portland , Or soon !
 I think that this CD is pretty good . It has some catchy tunes . f you like bands like NFG/Blink182/Good Charlotte , then you will probably like this band . It 's considered bubblegum punk or pop-punk . Its worth buying in my opinion .
 Destination unknown is a great album . It includes great songs such as Fucted up kid , Cadillac , Mothers prayers & more . its a pop/punk genre & real fun . The lyrics are hip & come from the heart . go get it now !
 `` Destination Unknown '' is , without a doubt , one of the best punk rock CDs out there right now ! In my opinion , they 're more clever than Blink 182 , and more original than Sum41 , or any other punk band out there -LRB- this would include Fenix * TX , Ataris , Allister etc -RRB- . They 're incomparable ! This is a cd u can listen 2 the entire way through w/out the temptation of skipping songs , and , within a week , you 'll know every lyric ! The songs r friggin awesome ! I wish I had found out about this band sooner ! Everything else was a waste of my time ... I 'm telling everyone about them ! Do n't be suprised if MEST becomes a household name ! I would n't believe just anyone , so if u do n't believe me , the only surefire way 2 find out is 2 buy the cd ! ...
 The latest , and quite possibly the greatest punk band out of Chicago , IL , Mest , has recently dropped thier second album , Destination Unknown . I have been a fan of Mest since before their were signed , and I feel this is their best material yet . The first song off the album , `` Opinions '' , is the tale someone having everyone else tell them what is wrong and right , something most people can easily identifiy with . The fourth song is one of the strongest on the CD . `` Another Day '' is about loving someone and them taking total advantage of it . The song after that , `` Without You '' is the second best song on the cd . The story of a soured relationship and being better off without the other person can be connected to be anyone that thought they were `` in love '' during their adolesence.Track 10 , `` Chelsea '' strongly displays the agony of of a long-distance relationship and the stress it can cause . `` Misunderstood '' is another song that can be identified with by anyone that has ever had a misunderstanding in a relationship . `` Mother 's Prayer '' is the single greatest song on the cd . It deals with the anguish of losing your mother and wondering what she is doing in heaven now.The last song on the album , `` Living Dead '' is the best way to end the CD . As Tony and Jeremiah alternate on vocals they sing of someone leaving you and feeling dead without them in your life . All in all the is Mest 's greatest recording yet , and if things continue on this upward trend , I ca n't wait to hear their next album .
 MEST is an awsome band and their new CD , Destination Unknown , is so great . Its been in my CD player sence the day I bought it . They have such a wide range of sounds ... it 's not like those other bands that all their songs sound alike ... each song has its own sound and beat . MEST is even better in concert so if you can check them out in concert , but if they are n't coming to a town near you , getting the CD is awsome too .
 I 've been a fan of mest for a while now . Their first cd was amazing & this definately lives up to its standards ! Mest is a Chicago band that has a lot of great talent.They play mostly pop-punk music . They write great songs & have great instrumental talent ! I have had this cd since the day it came out & i just cant get enough of it ! My favorite song on the cd is probably `` Yesterday '' -LRB- It 's hard to choose -RRB- . Mest is also a great band to see live ! I saw them this year & they were amazing ! They got the crowd going nuts ! It was awesome ! They even were signing autographs after the show ! Anyway I highly suggest u buy this album ! It is one of the best albums i own ! what r u waiting for go buy it !!
 Mest really came out with a great album again . Their music is getting better with every album ! First Mo money Mo 40z , then Waisting Time , now Destination Unknown . If you like Goldfinger , Good Charlotte , MxPx , Sugarcult , The Movielife , or ANY punk band for that matter , you 'll love MEST ! ...
 This cd is not your average punk album . It has a californian feel that not only has kick ... rhythms , but also some emotional lyrics , like Chelsea -LRB- great song -RRB- . These Chicago boys have come a long way since Mo ' $ Mo ' 40z . This cd will definately get you out of your seat and your heart pumping ! If you like Good Charolette , Sum41 , Allister , and New Found Glory , there is no doubt that you will love these guys even more !
 `` Destination Unknown '' is one great cd from the first track `` Opinions '' to the bonus track . Songs like `` Cadillac '' are fun party songs while others like `` Mother 's Prayer '' are emotionally driven without ... . Buy it if you like Good Charlotte , New Found Glory , Sum 41 , Blink-182 , or you 're just in the mood for something different .
 Ok , if you are reading this , then you may have some common sence and are contimplating buying this cd . Well I strongly suggest you buy this cd , it is a personal favorite for me . I absolutely love it , the lyrics and music is just amazing to me , and I believe you would feel the same . Every type of music genre would enjoy this band , even though its all about punk roCk !! , but anyway this cd definitly needs to be added to your collection , because how can you knot want a cd that you can always relate too , I mean isnt that music is about ? SO BUY THE CD !!!
 Mest is the Best !!!! I just got there cd and i fell in love with it the first time i listened to it . This is a cd every music fan must get . the songs r kick -LSB- behind -RSB- and so r the guys . if u do n't go out and buy this cd i 'm going to MEST you up !!!!
 This popish punk is great for anyone . The songs are catchy and the cd 's just overall adictive . i let my friend borrow it now he wont give it back cuz he loves it so much . mest majorly kicks and if u dont already own this cd u should go buy it !
 Destination Unkown is one of the best , most upbeat , creative , and listener friendly albums to come from one of the best artists of our time . It blends fast drums , catchy guitar licks , powerful bass , and even some ska . If you are into Mest 's first major label cd , Wasting Time , then you 'll love the follow up album , with hits like Cadillac and Mother 's Prayer you 've heard on the radio . Go out and buy Mest 's new album , Destination Unkown !
 Buy the new Mest CD TODAY ! IT IS THE BEST CD YOU COULD EVERY BUY ! its got a variety of different songs from ska , to punk , to EVERYTHING . just buy it now and i guarantee you wo n't regret it .
 Ever since I saw these guys with Goldfinger a few years ago , I have been obsessed . This new album is catchy and it never seems to get old . It is one of those CDs that you can listen to over and over and over again . You will love every song .
 ALONG WITH THE AWSOME LIVE SHOW THEY PUT ON ... MEST HAS GOT A GREAT POP PUNK SOUND . THIS IS PROBABLY ONE OF THE BEST POP PUNK CDS THAT IS OUT RIGHT NOW . IT HOLDS A GREAT FLOW THE WHOLE WAY THROUGH OUT THE CD WITH LYRICS THAT EVERYONE CAN RELATE TO . IF YOU LIKE BLINK 182 , SUGARCULT , GOOD CHARLOTE , THIS CD IS WORTH THE MONEY TO BUY A COUPLE OF COPYS AND GIVE EM TO YOUR FRIENDS
 Hey ~ I 'm a HUGE Mest fan , they are awesome . This cd is an awesome follow-up to `` Wasting Time '' . This cd also , does not disappoint . WIth punk , ska , and reggee -LRB- plus a few more generes -RRB- , this cd is good for everyone . I recommend you buy 1 or 2 or even 3 copies . Plus , tell your friends about this awesome Chi-town band .
 Hey ~ I 'm a HUGE Mest fan , they are awesome . This cd is an awesome follow-up to `` Wasting Time '' . This cd also , does not disappoint . WIth punk , ska , and reggee -LRB- plus a few more generes -RRB- , this cd is good for everyone . I recommend you buy 1 or 2 or even 3 copies . Plus , tell your friends about this awesome Chi-town band .
 I saw Mest in concert with Good Charlotte and the MovieLife . I was not a fan before , but now I have 2 of their albums ! Destination Unknown is a great CD with a good mix of fast angry songs along with the soft `` ballads '' that we all love . Their songs are catchy , funny , and best of all ... GREAT ! If you like punk music , Mest is definitely a group that you should get to know !
 This is the best CD from Mest i have heard to date . Within 2 hours of buying the CD , it was in constant rotation in my stereos . I bring the CD with me everywhere , hoping to catch a chance to listen to the catchy melodies , and the emotional driven lyrics . You can tell that someone did a number on Tony -LRB- the lead singer -RRB- by the way he wrote the lyrics . The songs are very realistic , and everyone can relate to . I suggest everyone go out aby buy it , you wo n't regret it !!
 Joe Lovano is undoubtedly one of the premier sax voices of his generation . With Michael Brecker and David Murray , he stands head and shoulders above his peers.Strangely , however -LRB- or maybe not so strangely ; one need only look at the late career of , say , Sonny Rollins , to see genius gone awry -RRB- , he seems to be struggling of late to find his proper MO. . His last two quartet albums were certainly enjoyable enough , if not revelatory . Before that , he had a series of highly arranged discs -LRB- 52nd Street Themes , Celebrating Sinatra , and Viva Caruso -RRB- that faltered , failing to present his outrageous chops and brilliant conception optimally . My favorite disc of his of late is Gathering of Spirits , a co-led session with Brecker and Dave Liebman.This disc , which features many delights and should not be gainsaid , nevertheless continues the problematic trend . It seems to me that Lovano is going through a kind of final-Joe Henderson period , in which the late , great sax giant near the end of his life was subjected to a number of concept sessions that , fine as they were , came across as somewhat artificial -- the Brazilian disc , the Miles tribute , the Strayhorn session , the big band date.That said , the music here rings with huge authenticity and gravitas . Lovano simply rises above any strictures , however artificial , that may be put in his way . A kind of Third-Stream , Re-birth of the Cool date , this disc contains such remarkable arranging and playing that only a curmudgeon or jazz novice would complain . A kind of high point is reached on track ten , `` The Fire Prophets , '' where the leader and altoist Steve Slagle engage in some righteous blowing . And the finale , a tribute to Rahsaan Roland Kirk , featuring Lovano playing aulochrome , that is , two soprano saxes simultaneously , simply astounds.I was originally going to give this disc only four stars . After listening to it many times , I believe it deserves a full five . That said , I hope Joe Lovano will eventually find his way to a band/setting that will fully give expression to his brilliance . In the meantime , one could do a lot worse than listening to this always engaging and often exhilarating music.Highly recommended .
 As the liner notes explain , 9/11 may have put it on hold , but just like our country , the jihadist could not silence this wonderful jazz project designed to honor Miles Davis on his 75th birthday . Commissioned in 2001 by the Monterrey Jazz Festival the three-movement Birth of the Cool Suite arranged by the great Gunther Schuller was finally resurrected and recorded in 2005 . And it was well worth the wait . This wonderful tribute music is contained in an expanded Joe Lovano `` nonet '' cd entitled Streams of Expressions . Lovano `` expanded '' it in two ways . First , for the BC Suite , Schuller added a flute chair and a clarinet-bass clarinet chair to Lovano 's `` Nonet '' . Next , Lovano created the `` Lovano Ensemble '' for this cd by the additon of the great Tim Hagans on trumpet and George Garzone on tenor.In the past I have had a `` problem '' with tribute cds that re-write the original charts . For example Don Sebesky 's Tribute to Duke Ellington called Joyful Noise and Bob Mintzer 's tribute to Count Basie . Of course both of those cds won a Grammy -LRB- and both had John Riley and Dennis Irwin driving great NYC big bands -RRB- . Once again I am proven wrong . Schuller `` rearranging '' of Gil Evans ' charts is simply wonderful . His voicings on Boplicity will send shivers down your spine . Not only does he add woodwinds as noted above , Schuller 's use of Lovano on ALTO clarinet , Slagle on soprano and LaLama on clarinet with Garzone and Smulyan anchoring on tenor and bari respectively provides harmonic sensual textures that will make you play them over and over again -LRB- it did it for me -RRB- . Of course all the solos -LRB- everyone gets his chance -RRB- are creative and exciting.Lewis Nash and Dennis Irwin must be ` joined at the hip ' -LRB- actually their musical minds and hearts are joined -RRB- by now and their playing here shows it . Solid groove/impeccable swing time ! There is one `` MOLTO PRESTO '' SECTION that is too fast for my metronome to count . During this burning section Gary Smulyan contributes an incredibly creative bari solo -- he is the best on that instrument alive today!The rest of the cd-the `` Streams of Expression '' part -- is intentionally varied with Lovano soloing on alto clarinet and the `` double soprano '' instrument called an Aulochrome.Lovano 's addition of Tim Hagans -LRB- he was in the original Nonet the recorded the 52nd Street cd -RRB- is a double bonus . First , Hagans ' solos once again prove that he is not only a trumpet virtuoso but also THE master of chromatic improvisation . If that was n't enough , Hagans contributes the most interesting and challenging composition/arrangement on the cd . This great group of veteran NYC virtuoso jazz musicians executes the Hagans ' tune Buckeyes -LRB- name does n't do justice to the music -RRB- with apparent ease . Awesome ensemble work.Add to all of the above a crystal clear recording -LRB- best recording to appreciate sax tones of Lovano and Smulyan -RRB- and jazz era mixing -- and you have a new classic.Thus I must nominate this cd as the greatest jazz ensemble cd of the 21st Century . And just as the Birth of the Cool has withstood the test of time , so will Streams of Expression .
 lovano 's move does n't sound much different from the gil evans/miles davis move . my favorite move is by charlie parker , and hearing parker on alto is different from hearing a large group performing the piece . but that 's a preference , not a judgment . i 've always loved archie shepp 's versions of granchan monchur 's frankenstein and sonny 's back . recently i heard the same tunes recorded by granchan moncur 's octet , and i had to step back ... not the same as with shepp 's tenor , but a matter of preference . and then there 's coltrane 's a love supreme recorded by marsalis leading a big band . acceptance is the key , someone once told me . listening to the recording yesterday , on the fire prophets i realized that lovano had taken improvisational pieces that sanders , shepp , ayler and coltrane , might had played and arranged them for a large group , his nonet.he attributes the inspiration for big ben to ben webster and rahsaan roland kirk , but the tone i 'm hearing is closer to ornette coleman.ultimately this is one man 's , joe lovano 's , tribute of love for jazz and the artists who came before him .
 For many Miles Davis ' ` Birth of the Cool ' is a defining , desert-island favorite . Recorded during three sessions , two in 1949 and one in early ' 50 , this record not only stands as one of the most auspicious debuts as a leader , it served as the template for what would become known as ` cool jazz , ' a comparatively understated approach which flourished on the West Coast in the ' 50 's as a stylistic contrast to the more fervent bop-infused styles which dominated the East Coast scene.On French horn in Davis ' nonet for that third session was Gunther Schuller , who has since gone on to earn acclaim as a composer and arranger , while also becoming one of the figures most associated with ` third stream ' jazz -LRB- he coined the term -RRB- -- an extension of the cool style which also incorporates elements of classical music.Consequently , when saxophonist Joe Lovano was commissioned to explore the music of this seminal recording , Schuller was an enlightened and obvious choice.The ensuing ` Streams of Expression , ' recently released on Blue Note , features Schuller 's ` The Birth of the Cool Suite ' as its centerpiece , both figuratively and literally as it is bookended by Lovano 's own five-part suite ` Streams of Expression . ` Utilizing instrumentation that varies slightly from Davis ' , Schuller pays meticulous attention to detail as he integrates specific elements from the original performances and Gil Evans ' legendary arrangements into a trio of tunes -- ` Moon Dreams , ' ` Move ' and ` Boplicity ' -- from the original album.Tying these together with his own ` Prelude , ' ` Postlude ' and two ` Interludes , ' Schuller describes in the liner notes how he recast this small part of the genre 's Holy Grail.Fortunately , what reads as though it could have been an over-academic exercise in dissection , it captures and evokes the interplay and spirit which have made the original ` Birth ' an enduring , timeless classic of modern jazz.Lovano 's ` Streams ' is also particularly effective , with the initial two movements that precede Schuller 's ` Suite ' sounding as though they are companion pieces.Subsequent sections find him paying homage to a wide-range of influences , from Eric Dolphy and Charles Mingus on the alto clarinet feature ` Enchantment - Part III , ' presented in a trio setting , to Ornette Coleman , Wayne Shorter and Sonny Rollins on ` Second Nature - Part IV . ` The disc is rounded out with three additional trio performances -- a group format that Lovano has explored to great effect on previous discs . Of these , ` Big Ben , ' as well as the final part of the ` Streams ' suite both feature Lovano playing the Aulochrome , a custom-made instrument that resembles two soprano saxophones joined together . Configured such that the keys on each can be played either together or separately , the instrument lends an intriguing new dimension to Lovano 's already vast sonic palette .
 Well , since other jazz-fans -LRB- mr. Dennis , mr. Chell , mr. Lampereta ... -RRB- have already given quite elaborate and diverse arguments in favor of this intriguing album -LRB- plus some sophisticated counterarguments as well -RRB- , I will only add a small voice in their favor and another five stars to match it ... Cool and third-streamish jazz is not really my thing , but this is such a great collection of diverse , beautifully performed and arranged music that I 'm left really impressed . Naturally , Lovano shines through like a real jazz-giant he obviously is .
 All of the critical commotion that this recording created may paradoxically have been injurious to its popularity with jazz followers . It 's no `` Birth of the Cool '' or `` Miles Ahead , '' but `` Streams of Expression , '' in addition to its artful arrangements , is perhaps the most accessible and agreeable project to date by the first saxophonist since Coltrane and Rollins , Dexter and Getz , to achieve a truly original , instantly identifiable voice on the instrument . He combines the sound of Ben Webster and Sonny Rollins in a way that is almost `` speech-like . '' It took me a while to give Lovano 's sound its due -LRB- often the notes are so clipped and unsustained that pitch recognition is difficult -RRB- , but I finally realized how effectively it represented an amalgamation of past traditions along with a valid modern form of expression . There are lots of merely `` good , '' even `` bad '' -LRB- as in `` really '' good -RRB- , players out there ; few , however , are actually original , despite some extravagant self-proclamations . Lovano is in charge of the proceedings throughout , even though there are numerous other stand-out soloists , some ideally presented for the short-attention-span listener -LRB- e.g. the 2nd movement features a cavalcade of 4-bar solos , including Lovano 's -RRB- . The `` Birth of the Cool Suite '' presents this classic session in modern fidelity that may lead some listeners to prefer it to the Miles Davis-Gil Evans original . Finally , Lovano covers all styles , including a multi-timbral gizmo that makes him sound like Roland Kirk.In short , the best Lovano recording to date .
 Phoniques `` Identification '' is an excellent album for those into that quirky house sound Germany is quickley becoming known for . This album covers much of the Poker Flat and Dessous sound . Laid back grooves and Chunky Basslines are what make these labels stand out from others and `` Identification '' is no different . In to Steve Bug or Martin Landsky ? Dont sleep , pick this up ASAP ...
 As for the -LRB- seemingly -RRB- countless/many various artists CD compilations available out today , I usually avoid most of the ones that feature alternative , death metal or post-rock artists . However as for the comps with the space rock , krautrock or psychedelic bands like this 2-CD collection is an exception . Total of 22 killer tracks here to be fully taken in . Tunes I found myself playing over numerous times are the typical Kinski cut `` Teen Center '' , Gravitar 's heavy way-out there `` Maybe Ben Hur '' -LRB- great guitar feedback -RRB- , the wailing ST 37 track `` They Time '' -LRB- have always liked this Texas ensemble -RRB- , the superbly done Vokokesh `` Somnambulist '' , SubArachnoid 's `` S.F. Eagle '' -LRB- the heaviest tune I believe I 've ever heard from them -RRB- , the inventive Escapade gem `` 4 ' 33 '' , Abunai 's `` Our Wayward Fuel '' -LRB- nice to finally hear another song of theirs -RRB- , the loud and droning Bardo Pond 's `` do The Flood '' and and the in-your-face cosmic Transpacific `` Fall River Mills '' . Gets better with each spin . Simply a must-have .
 This is a re-release of the band 's one and only album , orginally put out by MCA in 1991 as a self-titled CD . Here , the tracks have been resequenced , a couple re-titled and two songs added . I came to the album sort of backwards -- a year after its release , Paul Kantner recruited the female lead vocalist , Darby Gould , to replace Grace Slick in a re-launched Jefferson Starship . Gould brought one of these songs , `` Dark Ages '' , to the Starship 's live shows . It can also be heard it on the JS live album `` Deep Space/Virgin Sky `` Gould 's powerful voice is indeed all over WEW , but the lyrics and artistic vision are provided by the band 's other vocalist , Rob Brezsny . It can easily be seen why Kantner might have been attracted to WEW , because Brezsny traffics in the same sort of ideas in his lyrics -- rants against media manipulation -LRB- `` Dark Ages '' -RRB- and its attempts to anesthetize the individual -LRB- `` Get Out of My Head '' , `` Control Yourself '' -RRB- ; the shallowness of corporate culture -LRB- `` Marlboro Man , Jr. '' -RRB- ; the rape of the planet -LRB- `` Garbageman '' -RRB- ; the virtues of noncommittal sex -LRB- `` Furnace of Nuclear Love '' -RRB- ; a vague sort of pagan metaphysics -LRB- `` Prayer Wars '' -RRB- ; and exhortations to get up and do something about all of this -LRB- `` Kick '' , `` Break the Law '' -RRB- . All of this would be pretty insufferable , except for two things . One , Rob does n't take himself too seriously . The surrealistic storylines in `` Kick Your Own Ass '' and `` Pagan Jake 's Dream Girl '' are quite funny . And a few of the tracks -LRB- `` Relax '' , `` Telepathics Anonymous '' -RRB- are actually short `` commercials '' for the WEW concept , and prove that he has a sense of humor.More importantly , he surrounded himself with some really good musicians . The band backs him with a tough , muscular funk-rock -LRB- INXS comes to mind as a comparison point -RRB- and very catchy melodies . The pace is almost unrelentingly fast -- the slowest songs are midtempo at best ! Rob also has a strong , powerful voice that is n't overbearing and harmonizes with Darby well . On the basis of the playing and singing , the album should have been a big hit.But it was , unfortunately , an utter disaster commercially . I 'm sure the lyrical point of view did not go down well in the aftermath of the first Gulf War -LRB- never mind today -RRB- . After this , Rob went back to writing his hilarious astrology column , as well as novels . So , while some may find the album too strident , it 's recommended for people who might like challenging lyrics along with hard-rocking , yet , catchy music .
 This CD is a shining star for those who enjoy a funky groove and artistic expression with ABSOLUTELY no filler . Each and every track is polished . The lyrics are original , distilled , meaningful , life affirming and dangerous . The musicianship and production outstanding . As if each element of the project implicitly understood the artistic intention.The CD is a one-off sensation -LRB- the Televisionary Oracle by Rob Brezsny has more information -RRB- . I first heard of WEW through the original release of ` give to much ' , available in the early 90 's as a self titled CD . A friend correctly predicted that this would be something that I would enjoy . How perceptive of him . This was the big question about WEW for me . Where did they come from , who are they , and most importantly , where did they go ? I spent years then trying to find if there was any more of this magic -LRB- greedy sod that I am -RRB- only to discover , on a recent trip to the USA , that Brezsny -LRB- the creative nexus -RRB- writes a horoscope column and has done so for many years.At this stage , much of the puzzle was able to come together.The title of this triumph is a worry , though . ` Give too much ' is what this collection of talented people probably did . There 's a 10 + album career -LRB- maybe more -RRB- worth of ideas , invention , wickedness and compassion compressed onto a single CD . It is a work of art that I hope will be discovered and embraced by the majority . This is my prayer for what it 's worth .
 I agree with much of what the reviewer from New Berlin had to say.WEW 's CD , `` Give to much '' is an instant classic - though possibly 20 years in the making . The original form of this CD was sent to me by a friend in the USA -LRB- again , thanks !!! -RRB- . At the time , it bamboozled me that such extremes of talent seemingly had never been to the places where everyone at least had the opportunity to reject what was being offered . There was too much quality for it to have been a throw away by artists without some profile , too much invested into the production for it to have been a backyard job . Having recently finished the `` novel '' -LRB- !?! -RRB- `` Televisionary Oracle '' by Rob Brezsny , many of these questions have been explained , or at least a story has been offered.What truly distinguishes this CD is that it 's brazen without being preachy , it 's not depressive , but rather , it celebrates life and living and encourages the listener to maximise her experience . At times , I 'm lulled into the notion that a cook book for changing one 's reality is being presented -LRB- we are controlled only as much as we wish to be -RRB- . The music is sensational . It rocks . But it has to be loud . Otherwise , the impact has to be partly gained with reference to previous listenings . Some songs are produced in a fashion that multiplies the desired message -LRB- ` Get Outta My Head ' kicks in with a production fiddle that is almost unbearable ... almost seizure inducing -RRB- . My major quibble is the title , `` Give to much '' . Lame - seemingly another attempt to snatch defeat from the jaws of -LRB- sales -RRB- victory . Why not ` Media Apocalypse ' or ` Sign up ... ' or ` Now recruiting ' . Again , after reading the yeah-sure-novel a clue seems to emerge . Perhaps , given that the concentration of talent , ideas , invention , insight , etc within this one small expression of artistry , those associated with it realised that in one CD was an entire career - focused , beautiful , perfect . Nothing left to say.It is in this spirit that I hope that WEW do n't even think about tarnishing their genius status -LRB- at least with this fan -RRB- with another release until they are pretty sure that they , again , have something worth saying or doing.I could rave on and on about this CD . Buy it . Then beg , borrow or steal a copy of the original release .
 This is the greatest album of all time . I am not kidding.Actually , this album is a re-release of their self-titled album , with some additional songs . I first found their album in adiscount used CD bin about 8 years ago . I had n't heard of thembut the lyric sheet made it seem worth the risk.It was the best buy I have ever made . The lyrics and music areamazing , and everything fits together perfectly , with themes -LRB- both words and music -RRB- running through the entire album.The `` W '' section is always my first place to check when Ifind a new record store , and over the years I have found afew copies which I passed on to friends . I even found acassette copy in a variety store in Australia ! Go figure.The album merits your full attention . Even though I haveheard it 100 times , my favorite way to listen is to sitquietly and pay attention . It never disappoints and I keepfinding new things to amaze me . I am also amazed that thisalbum is not a best seller . At least a half-dozen songs onit seem perfect for MTV , and everything on it is perfect forcollege radio.So what is the album about ? The words are a scathing tiradeagainst the media -LRB- tv , radio , advertising , televangelists , etc -RRB- . The music is melodic and intricate and soothing and in-your-face , all at the same time . I know that you can download samples forfree , but you really miss something if you do n't listen to thewhole album in the original order.I hope that you buy it and enjoy it as much as I have .
 All the mystic power of the Zep , but with good will and good vibes . Very powerful singers and thoughtful lyrics . Soul-feeding music . Occult wisdom . Now anthemic fire , now intricate rhythms . Secret Orders take note.Enjoy !
 Actually I do n't own this CD ; I own `` World Entertainment War , '' which I guess is the first one , and this is the second . Still , most of the songs are the same , so it seems it 's basically the same album with a different cover.Rob is the guy behind freewillastrology.com , and he brings his motivational messages to his music in much the same way . If the lyric sheet in this one is the same as the one I have , it 's about 5 CD-size panels that fold out , in very tiny print.The music is top notch , and the whole album is a huge , cohesive production . A few of the songs , like Televisionary , and Marlboro Man , are just unbelievably good and will ring in your ears for months after just a few listenings . Even the weakest songs on the album are really good.Highly recommended . This is a big album , and needs to be played loud .
 This CD is one of the few things you can spend money on that will change your life in totally positive ways . Better sex ? Yes ! Hell , it might even regrow hair . I can think of no other CD that I could reccoment this highly . Buy more than one I know you are going to want to share it .
 A lot of us are lucky enough to get hit with occasional strokes of genius . Not too many of us follow through and put a brilliant idea into form . And almost nobody : * ceaselessly sees truths that habit and culture make most of us wholly blind to , * leads revolutions in thought and lifestyle that -LRB- if we 're lucky -RRB- actually have the credible potential to transform us all into a species of happy beings , * magnetizes an entire community of like-minded truth - -LRB- and beauty - -RRB- -LRB- and joy - -RRB- seekers who , like little lost lambs from a scattered herd , have been wandering , nameless and leaderless , for years , * commands superior talent not just in literature but also in music , * and prolifically -- every single day -- churns out art and philosophy of the highest quality.But Rob Brezsny does.It 's true , too , that genuinely unique beams of original light have been known to be overlooked by most of their contemporaries , praised by some , and scorned by others -LRB- maybe sort of like some of the reviewers here who doubtless have either never attempted to do anything difficult , or have tried , given up , and -LRB- bitching all the way -RRB- settled for the mediocrity Brezsny 's genius inspires us all to free ourselves from -RRB- . I 'm embarrassed by my surprise in finding his music is so good . Surprised because what he writes so is so superb , consistently so , and there 's so much of it , that I guess I figured the odds his music would also be that good were slim . But he beats the odds . And embarrassed because I should have known it would be so good . Of course it 's good . Rob Brezsny is definitely one of the most talented , far-sighted , creative people of our day , and I would n't be surprised if what he has n't done yet proves him to be one of the most creative , admirable , joy-inspiring people ever.You 'll like this CD if you like really good , pure classic rock , great vocals , and all the high-energy artistry of the best classic rock sound .
 When I purchased this CD I thought it was going to be pretty average and I probably would n't play it more than once or twice , but this is one of the best CDs that I have ever bought blind , not knowing what to expect.The lyrics and music taken together make this one great CD .
 a superbly done album . buy it !
 bought this as a tape back in the early 90 's when i was maybe 12 or 13 and fell in lovew with it . . bought it again in 2010 and it is still as amazing as it was back then
 God I love you ... and it 's still good , ten years after . - THE Commercial Zen , Inc.NOTE
 You are pirating and selling music by someone else as if it were your own . There is no way you could have gotten ahold of 3 new CDs unless you copied them . You are stealing and will not get away with this.Barbara Telecsan
 I have really enjoyed this CD . I got it when I went to Britain and has a great variety of wonderful music . It 's the perfect collection of songs ; you can just pop it in the car and listen to it non-stop . I recommend this CD !
 This is one of the best albums by the late Brazilian pop-bossa chanteuse Nara Leao . Recorded in 1978 , and produced by her old friend bossa pioneer Roberto Menescal , it has a similar lushness and elegance to Maria Bethania classic album , `` Alibi , '' which Menescal produced the same year . Ah , but Nara 's lovely voice makes it even that much sweeter ! Recommended . -LRB- DJ Joe Sixpack , Slipcue Brazilian Music Guide -RRB-
 LABEL
 Great listening and toe-tapping instrumental music . I can listen to it 2 or 3 times in a row .
 When we got Kids Favorite Songs my 18 month old wanted to watch it over and over and over and though he does n't talk yet he could easily hum most of the songs and we felt we had to get Kids Favorite songs 2 but he is n't as enthusiastic about it as the first . It 's a little advanced for his age maybe he will grow into it but for younger kids the first definitely much better and easier to sing along too .
 My son was introduced to Elmo at daycare & loved KFS2 , so I bought it . It was a great buy my husband & I both love it , we sing the songs , know the entire DVD , by heart . My son was 17 months at the time . He recites alot of the DVD . I strongly recommend this DVD . No regrets !!!
 This was my oldest son 's favorite video for over a year - granted , he was pretty crazy about Elmo . Now , my younger son is hooked on it and my older one is enjoying it again two years later . The songs are catchy and both my sons learned them quickly and started singing them in the car . There are certain areas that both my sons found uninteresting , but over time , those areas have changed and they eventually like every scene . The meatball at the end almost squishing Elmo caused a little apprehension for both my son 's at first , but the overall excitement and happy ending makes them giddy -RRB- . There is a little bit of everything in this video including different styles of music , puns , counting , teasing and just plain silliness . Sesame Street delivers a great product once again and even improved on the first Kids Favorite Songs video .
 My daughter liked Kids Favorite Songs that when I saw the second one I bought it for her right away . I did n't like it at first -LRB- I watch them with her -RRB- and she did n't take to it too quickly , but she got a little older and now she loves it . She sings the songs and she likes seeing the other kids . Personally I think there is a little too much talking .
 ... if that tells ya anything.My 20 month old absolutely goes nuts over this DVD . We bought it for her the day after we bought our new minivan with the DVD player . She was not yet 18 months . This is her favorite DVD , and she always ask for this one . I 've purchased other Sesame Street DVDs and other characters ' DVDs , but she begs for this one by singing , `` La la la la Olivia 's song '' . She sings along to most of the songs now and she has n't had it that long . My favorite part is the Mother Goose Jamboree . It 's jazzy ... I love it.I particularly like the little kids talking and singing , and I think my daughter does , too . I even like the little Asian girl who says that Jack and Jill are `` probably English '' . All kids have their own personalities and it 's sweet to see them express themselves . My only complaint is that there are n't any southerners on the show -LRB- wink wink -RRB- .
 I bought this DVD for my daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves it . When I ask if she 'd like to watch the Elmo movie she starts dancing around and giggling . Her favorite part is Snuffy singing `` On Top of Spaghetti '' and when the meatball falls off the plate she throws her hands in the air and yells , `` oh no ! '' And then she starts `` sneezing '' . She does loose interest somewhere in the middle but it provides me with a great distraction for her while I make dinner .
 My 19 month old son absolutely adores this video . I think what he likes about it are the children talking in language that is easy for him to understand ... and of course , since he loves Elmo , he loves the fact that Elmo is his guide throughout the whole thing.Yes , there are some annoying moments ... especially the precocious little one who says about Jack and Jill `` they were probably British '' and the same little girl who interrupts `` Ants go Marching '' by reminding us that `` ants do n't have thumbs '' . But all in all , it 's fun time for all .
 My daughter who is 2 loves Elmo . We both enjoy this video.This is the only video she askes to watch . Out of all our Barney , Baby Einstein , Noodlebug , etc. . . I have to admit I may like some of the segments more than her.The 1st time I watched it , I laughed so hard during -LRB- Baby Bear -RRB- `` the bear goes over the mountain '' , my little peanut kept looking at me because she could n't hear the tv . And I really like `` the ants go marching ... '' . Trust me , it 's not just me , my daughter loves it too ! ; -RRB-
 My son is 18 months old and lives by this video !! He rolls a ball across the floor and calls it his meatball as he crawls to get it like Mr. Snuffaloughogus . I thought he wouldnt like all the kids who sing their favorite songs , but I think he likes to watch the other kids . It has a lot of great songs to sing along with and it taught me some new ones to sing with him too . I find Sesame STreet a good learning tool for those who allow their children to watch tv . Obviously , its worked in my case since my son repeats things he sees on the show . Highlyrecommended by a greatful mom.Billy 's Mom
 My 27 mth old was not too interested the first time I put this DVD on , probably b ` cos I had broken the usual routine of putting Fav . Songs 1 . But after a few weeks & till now -LRB- it 's been about 4-5 months -RRB- he really loves it . He likes the actions of the kids in the interviewing segment & does a very good job of imitating them . He is right on when identifying the next song to `` act '' out in the segments . Compared to Fav . Songs 1 , there is more emphasis on real kid 's opinions & what they think some of the song 's words mean ... older kids may enjoy that . Initially my son did n't like the `` non-musical '' parts but since he 's starting to talk / communicate verbally , he shows much interest . Songs are good & known ... personally I would say a good buy . If yr kids liked Fav . Songs 1 , they will gradually enjoy this one -LRB- if not more -RRB- .
 MY son absolutly loves this video !!!! He liked the first one and I saw the second and he was so happy . I think that he likes the kids in this one . He laughs when they laugh and starts dancing to the songs . I would HIGHLY recommend this video .
 ca n't go wrong with this video ... they really are my kids favorites , i had bought this for my now year old daughter and she loved it the same .
 My grandbaby loves Elmo and this DVD is very entertaining & educational ! Product arrived promptly , was as described and well packaged .
 I have a 9 month old son & he is absolutly GLUED to this from the minute it starts . He dances & is so into it . I think this is the 1st video i have ever gotten him to watch . Other cartoons just do n't attract him ... He loves Elmo & all the kids sing with the characters . All really great songs . I DEFINATLY recommend this video for your kids ! My son loves it so much i have just ordered the 1st one for him .
 My 8 months baby loves it !!! , he may not fully understand what 's all about but you can run it a couple of times a day and he sits there still to watch , recomended for everyone
 I can honestly say this is the very best investment I could have made . And , if I would have known it sooner I would have bought it months ago and paid 10 times what I paid for this!My son is a rather busy child and is into everything and always underneath of me . He is always where I am and never does a thing by himself . Pop this video in and he 's gone . He screams when the video starts and gets his spot in front of the tv and starts dancing . The reason I do think he 's in love with this video is because Elmo `` interviews '' actual children and asks what their favorite song is . Then the children either talk about it or sing the song and my son loves kids so he 's glued to the tv . We have quite a collection of Sesame videos but this is by far his favorite . I bought the kids favorite songs 1 today and will see if he loves this as much . The tunes are regular nursery rhymes and my husband and I are always singing these at any given moment because we 've watched it a hundred times!This is soo worth it for the free time we get and the ear to ear grin my son has when it 's on .
 My 17 month old daughter ADORES this video . Not only does my little one love to dance around and sing to the video but this video has taught her how to do the movements for `` Itsy Bitsy Spider '' , `` The Wheels on the Bus '' , `` If you 're happy and you know it ... '' and `` Twinkle , Twinkle , Little Star '' . Also , she can now decipher up from down -LRB- because of the song `` The Brave ole ' Captiain Brown '' -RRB- I am a Kindergarten teacher and this video truely gives toddlers a good foundation to the basics of education . Of course nothing can replace the value of a parent reading to their child , but this video is a MUST HAVE for all parents of toddlers !
 I bought this video for my son when he was 7 mos . old after I found that he loved Kids Favorite Songs 1 . Six months later , he still loves it -- he claps and dances to the music . -LRB- This video is also one of my 14 mos old niece 's favorites . -RRB- Also , now that he is older and is curious about other children , he likes to watch the children being interviewed . As with most Sesame Street music , the songs are arranged beautifully and some of the arrangements are pretty sophisticated . There is a little more humor for adults in this one than # 1 so watching it for the 50th time does n't make you want to pull your hair out -LRB- how can you not laugh when the Mary puppet of `` Mary had a little lamb '' fame admonishes her lamb in a Scottish brogue ? -RRB- . Also , the video includes an episode of Hero Guy , which is always fun . -LRB- By the way , if your child is young -LRB- 3-6 mos . -RRB- , s/he probably will not be able to watch for more than 5 to 10 minutes at a time because of their short attention spans . -RRB-
 My 12 month old daughter absolutely loves Elmo . The Best of Elmo was her favorite from about 9 months , but now Kid 's Favorite Songs 2 has knocked it out of the top spot . I have to admit the first couple of times she watched it she got a little bored so I did n't know how it would go over ultimately . Then she warmed up to it about the 3rd time we watched it and has become the one that makes her smile , laugh , and point -LRB- so cute ! -RRB- the most . She loves listening to and watching the kids Elmo interviews about the songs and of course all the great parts with Elmo . Wheels on the Bus which is on this video has been her favorite song from about 3 months when I would change her diaper and run through the songs and actions to keep her entertained . It 's a hit at our house .
 My grandson started watching Sesame Street Videos when he was only 6 months old . The Best of ELMO was the first video I purchased and he would watch the whole thing without moving.My daughter did not believe it until she saw him . I am a grandma and I own 13 Sesame Videos and my grandson enjoys everyone of them . I know he is learning while he watching .
 My 7 month old loves this DVD . I bought a Thomas the Train video and he did not seem too interested . I put this in and he stopped playing with his toys and just smiled so big when Elmo comes on . Yes , the kid clips where they are being `` interviewed '' and sing horribly out of tune - like most kids do - are not fun for me to watch but I am not the intended audience . My boy seems very interested in watching the short clips of the children . The background is very bright and colorful . The cartoon clips for the songs are enjoyable for him too .
 this is my son 's favorite sesame street video . from the age of about 10 months he really started paying attention to what was going on -LRB- he 's 15 months now -RRB- . my husband & I have watched this video so many times with our son , we recognize all the kids and even know the order of the songs . I would recommend this one over the Kids ' Favorite Songs -LRB- 1 -RRB- since it is much longer in length -LRB- more for your money -RRB- and has kids singing songs themselves in between elmo & the gang . my son loves to people watch and this makes it even more fun for him -LRB- I think -RRB- that he can see actual kids singing these songs .
 After almost a month , our almost-2-year-old still wants to watch this every day , sometimes twice ! The look of this video seems a bit `` fresher '' to me than other recent Sesame Street productions , and the songs are great . I get a kick out of the short `` real kid '' segments , and there 's a lot that 's funny . Snuffy 's running `` meatball '' gag is cute , and Baby Bear 's near-exasperation in `` The Bear Went Over the Mountain '' will make you chuckle .
 I 'm not sure where these complaints of `` too much talking '' are coming from ; this video is 90 % singing . In my opinion , Kids ' Favorite Songs 1 was much more guilty of that particular flaw than this one.Anyway , my one-year-old LOVES music , and this has been the only video so far that he will sit through all the way . Considering his minuscule attention span and the 45-minute running time of this DVD , that 's a pretty big accomplishment . He 's seen it about twenty times and his face still lights up when he hears the video starting up . He also laughs every time Snuffy chases his runaway meatball across the screen . -LRB- Um , you 'll understand when you see it ... -RRB- From my own viewpoint as a parent , even considering that I can be somewhat kids ' music averse , I definitely ca n't complain that this is my son 's favorite . Sure , the songs do tend to get stuck in your head -LRB- God help me if I start singing Elmo 's Song at work again -RRB- , but it 's not particularly annoying as these things sometimes are . The selection of songs is great -- fun , with a combination of humorous and classic tunes , most of which I remember from my own childhood . Some of the kids in the video are pretty cute and add more humor into the mix.Recommended by me , and highly recommended by my kid .
 My daughter LOVES this video , she is only 8 mo old , and we have had it for about a month . She gets so excited every time we turn it on . It gives me 45 minutes to clean the house , and she does n't notice anything but what they are singing as she is dancing along !!
 Never thought my baby would love the same show I loved when I was a kid.She wakes up in the morning and she wants this video right away , even when we get home from going out , she goes for it right away.She dances with the music , sings along -LRB- she tries to -RRB- and she 's only 13 month old.love this product and way more appropriate than most tv shows now .
 My daughter -LRB- 15 months -RRB- really likes this video because she enjoys watching all the other kids sing and talk with the Sesame Street characters . Other reviews have said there 's not enough Sesame Street and too many kids talking , but I think it 's a good balance of both .
 I love this DVD because my 10 month old loves it . We have to watch it at least two times in a row when we watch it -LRB- she fusses when it goes off , ha -RRB- . She was familiar with a few of the songs , but now she hums and clap to all the songs . This is the only show that holds her attention since she enjoys watching kids . Sesame Street rocks !!!
 We bought this DVD because our hard to please 2 year old absolutely loves the first one , Kid 's Favorite Songs.Kid 's Favorite Songs 2 consists of Elmo running around Sesame Street asking questions & recording kids talking about their favorite songs . Unlike the first , this DVD has a lot of cut scenes where children are talking about & singing parts of their favorite songs with no muppets in sight . The show then cuts into scenes where muppets sing the entire song the children were talking about . There is also a lot of cut scenes where strange cartoons are singing the songs instead of muppets.I enjoyed watching Kid 's Favorite Songs with my son , but Kid 's Favorite Songs 2 ? Not so much . If it were up to me entirely , I would rate this rather low , but my son seems to enjoy it for the most part & adores the parts where Elmo is present , & that 's what 's important .
 Kids get to give an opinion of their favorite song and why . Encourages all children to have a voice . The songs and movement gets kids up and moving . My three month old granddaughter wiggles and kicks with the tunes , when she gets toddling she 'll being dancing to it . The music , flashy colors and movement will keep any child entertained no matter what their age .
 My one year old son loves this DVD . He watches it every day during lunch . One of his first mumblings was `` Elmo '' where he would point to the TV to get us to turn it on . I 'm sure he would give this a Five Star review . I 'm giving it four just because he loves it so much . The story is actually clever as it follows Snuffy and his quest to find his giant meatball . I am telling you though , the songs will get stuck in your head and you wo n't be able to get them out ! Imagine this
 Not all DVD 's keep my son 's attention . However , this one is mostly musical with a few pauses to interact with children . At first it lost his attention until the next song . After watching a few times he absolutely loves it ! He pays attention to the question answer time and it has actually stimulated dialogue between us while watching . He is only two so its not serious but has helped spark his interest .
 My 13 onth old loves the Wiggles , but I bought this on a whim not quite sure if she would like it , she loved it !!! I catch her trying to sing with the songs , and she will literally sit on her little bed and watch this , plenty of songs , and very entertaining for a little one with other little kids singing in the dvd . Great buy !!!
 Ok , so Elmo is in this one . But my 1-yr old breaks into the most adorable smile when he sees that funny little red puppet , so I do n't mind . Good songs that even yet-to-utter-their-1st-word kids will enjoy . It also includes the famous Ernie `` Rubber Ducky Song '' . Enjoy !
 My daughters have several Barney DVDs and this was their first Sesame Street DVD . My 2 year and 13 month old love it . This DVD allows for a lot singing , dancing and playful interaction with your little ones . It really is a great DVD and it was a great addition to their collection .
 I have bought every single elmo video , barney video , teletubbies and etc. . . but this Kids Favorite Songs II was only one that caught her attention . It sings nursery rhymes and lullabies that I have been singing to her since she was born , so the songs are familiar to her and elmo actually interviews real children like herself . My daughter is 9 months old and she loves this video more than anything in the world . She wo n't even stop to look at me when I call her name sometimes -LRB- that 's how much she 's so interested watching these other children like herself on tv singing her favorite familiar songs -RRB- . I highly recommend this video because it helps me everyday with settling her down .
 My 10 month old son can not get enough of this video ! The video is almost continuous music , alternating muppets with real kids singing . The kids are all really cute and this is one video I can watch over and over with my son and not get tired of it . I highly recommend this video , especially if your child is too young for most cartoons and videos to hold his attention . I am ordering the `` Kids Favorite Videos # 1 '' , and hoping it will be as good as this one .
 He loves this video . When Elmo comes on he smiles and kicks his leg in anticipation . He likes to see the children sing and tries to sing with them , even though he ca n't talk yet . Excellent video . I would recommend this to any parent .
 This sequel to `` Kids Favorite Songs '' takes an approach in presentation that is different from the first , with Elmo using a video camera to interview children in order to find out what their favorite songs are . This brings an abundance of energy to the project and makes it seem more interactive than a simple , one-sided presentation . The songs are all performed well and the pace is brisk . Most of the songs are standard children 's favorites , though `` Elmo 's Song '' and `` Rubber Duckie '' are included as well . There is also a cute little side story , which begins with Snuffleupagus singing `` On Top of Old Smoky '' and has him chasing his meatball throughout the program . As with most Sesame Street videos , there is a good mixture of both vintage Sesame Street and new material , with Elmo being joined primarily by Zo and Baby Bear . Fortunately , Zo is n't featured as prominently here as she is in other videos because neither my kids nor I can stand to watch her for prolonged periods . At approximately fifty minutes , this one runs about twenty minutes longer than most other Sesame Street videos . Really my only complaint would be some of the editing , which sometimes disrupts the flow of action ; there is a trifle too much back-and-forth . Even with this , my kids -LRB- ages one and three -RRB- really enjoy this one and one little girl , Wendy , is one of the cutest kids on the planet . 4.5 / 5 stars
 My 4yrs old daughter loves it very much . She loves the songs and the cartoons . She finds the rolling meat ball particularly interesting . My 2 yrs old son likes the songs , too . As an adult , I find it enjoying to watch the video . The new version of the song ` if you are happy ' is very creative .
 enough for 4 stars . Actually he stays glued to the tv when I play it and he is only 5 months old . I bought this in the VHS edition for $ 5.96 at Wal-mart to see how my son would like it since he seems enraptured with Sesame Street on PBS . I certainly agree with the other reviewers comments on the quality of the overall video and the amount of talking as opposed to music . However this does not seem to bother my son and since he loves it I gave it 4 stars for that reason . I have already gotten my money 's worth out of this video and it is a good one to begin with if you can pick it up cheap .
 My 18 month old absolutely ADORES this video and it is by far his favorite ! He loves watching the kids talk - but loves all the music , skits , and singing . His favorite thing to do is call out `` NO ! Meatball ! '' As an adult viewer of this video , a couple of the kids become almost too annoyingly painful to watch ... `` Jack and Jill were probably English '' , `` Ants do n't have thumbs '' , and then the little boy on the `` If your happy and you know it ... '' bit burdens viewers with a completely awful display of over acting . Most importantly though , it encourages my son to verbalize new words , and with him in the running as Elmo 's biggest fan - it is a great great DVD .
 My baby -LRB- now 10 months -RRB- has enjoyed this video for several months already . She loves to `` dance '' with the music , and she is fascinated by all the children in the DVD . As she gets older and learns to sing the songs , I think she 'll have even more fun .
 Our two year old loves this video . The songs often sound slightly different than the traditional , which I think helps them learn about music . She 's already learned a lot of the words for many of the songs . The first version of this DVD was very disappointing , I recommend only buying this one .
 My twins really loved Sesame Street - Kids Favorite Songs , and so I bought this DVD as a follow-up to that . At first they did not like it , but after about the third attempt to show them this video , now they really enjoy this . In fact , I think they actually prefer Kids ' Favorite Songs 2 to the other one . My girls especially like the `` Rubber Ducky '' segment , however one of them really does not like the part with the mouse singing `` Hickory Dickory Dock '' . It is amazing how they can express their musical tastes at such a young age , even though they can not articulate it .
 I almost did not purchase this video due to some bad reviews but I am so glad that I did ! `` Kids favorite songs '' was a big hit with my 18 month old so I was so glad to see there was a second one . The 45 min run time opposed to the first one @ 30 min was a big plus . We love the variety of songs , they are classics and very up beat . My little one claps and stomps along every time . Where others did not enjoy the children interviews , we liked it and do not mind the kids singing . This video has become a favorite in our house and always has us singing along !
 My 1 & 2 year old daughters love to join the cast of sesame street to sing and dance to all the songs in this video
 I bought this 5-6 years ago on VHS for my son and he absolutely loved it . I now have a two year old daughter and had to order her the dvd . She loves it , too . Like it much better than part 1 .
 You can let your child watch this all day long and not worry about the content getting into her head . It 's all meant for children . My toddler and I love it !
 There was one scene in this dvd when puppet Rosita sung a lullabye to a little child . The tune seems pretty sad to my little one that she usually cry everytime she watches this part.I usually rent at blockbuster online now I went ahead and buy her own copy .
 My 21-month old loves this DVD . He loves Elmo in general & I think he likes seeing other kids singing songs . They could 've made it a tad longer , in my opinion . I taught him to march around when `` The Ants go Marching 1 by 1 '' song comes on & he thinks that 's really fun . He only gets bored during the lullaby so we often skip over that one . I would recommend it though . It 's good clean fun and teaches them songs .
 Again , my Grand daughter is in love with Elmo , she watches it over and over . . sings ago and learning words and putting sentences together ... she 's only 2 ! I like to watch her enjoy something so much ...
 Great video ! I highly recommend this video . Just seeing the older version of Ernie in the bathtub singing `` rubber ducky '' makes this video worth every penny ! My 9 month old is just starting to get interested in videos and he loves this video . He has even started dancing with the video and loves watching the kids !
 My 16-month old nephew loves this video . He sings and dances along with the songs and just becomes mesmorized . A very good purchase .
 I cam across this VHS at a yard sale , and thought my daughter would like it . This has become her absolute favorite now and even prefers it over Barney ! -LRB- which is hard to top -RRB- . She is almost 2 and knows every song and will follow along with the dancing and singing , and she is shy when it comes to people watching her dance , so we very rarely get to see this side of her . Everyone in our family knows this tape word for word , and have recently added The first Kids ' Favorite Songs to our collection , and is also already becoming a hit ! Highly recommended .
 I gave this a 4 star because it does n't keep my child 's attention as well as the other Sesame Street DVDs do . It has popular kid 's songs instead of original Sesame Street songs . Also , there are lots of real people in it , instead of all Sesame Street characters . It 's still good , but not as good as others .
 Actually , if you are preschooler , this is a great video . True , the Ant/Itsy Bisty Spider lady does grate my nerves and `` The Noble Duke of York '' is turned into a politically correct `` Captain Brown . '' But the video is n't suppose to appeal to adult - the target audiance are preschoolers . And it works . My three year son could watch it all day . The songs are good , clean , children 's classics . And there is a nice mix of girls/boys and ethnic children . And I the `` extra '' skit after the credits is cute . I would rank this a five star video except for all the advertisements at the end of the tape .
 My daughter is in love with the Kid 's Favorite Songs video , so we got this one for Christmas . While there are some `` interview '' type things on the video that are a little annoying -LRB- kids talking about what things mean and what their favorite songs are -RRB- they still do not take away from the fun of this video . `` The Bear Went over the Mountain '' and `` The Wheels on the Bus '' are definite favorites in my house . This video , like it 's predecessor , are fun and will have your kids singing and dancing for many many viewings !
 I did n't think another dvd could exist that is as insanely popular at our house as Kids Favorite Songs , but Kids Favorite Songs 2 hit it out of the park , and mom and dad are thrilled to be watching something else . ;-RRB- Not that the first one is n't charming , I personally find Elmo pretty great . And I especially find my daughter 's being riveted by it , time and again when I am making dinner to be absolutely priceless .
 The first few times I watched this with my two year old , I was really annoyed by it . As in , I wanted to give it away to someone I did n't like much so we would n't have to deal with it anymore . There was way too much randomness compared to the first Kid 's Favorite Songs - it cuts back and forth from Elmo to kids , to Elmo , to kids , to a skit , to kids , to this meatball storyline , etc. . It felt very disjointed . And if you 're expecting a Elmo-heavy video , you 'll be disappointed - it 's more random children talking about songs than anything else . What Elmo does the most is walk around for a few seconds , say something , laugh , and point his video camera at you.That being said ... . When I left it alone for a while and then came back to it , I had a much better opinion ... I do like : ... that there are kids talking and singing the songs in their own way , however off-key they might be . It 's not as disjointed as I first thought it was , it just seemed that way because I was expecting something similar to the first Kid 's Favorite Songs dvd ... it felt almost like a tv episode v/s a miniature movie - it would have `` commercials '' that came up during breaks in the overall storyline -LRB- Snuffy loses his meatball . -RRB- ... there is enough kid-action in this one to involve the viewer -LRB- marching , hand movements , etc. -RRB- ... various themes were touched on - nursery rhymes , songs about animals , etc. ... it 's not Elmo-heavy , and uses Rosita , and Baby Bear , and other characters to sing the songs ... you get the entire On Top of Spaghetti song from Snuffy . -LRB- That may not seem like a big deal , but I enjoyed it - when 's the last time you heard the * whole * song ? -RRB- ... a variety of song animations and skits -LRB- except the nursery rhyme one , that 's still a little odd to me , but that 's okay -RRB- . My two year old really enjoys the Bug Lady songs and the singing turtles . -LRB- I like Little Bo Peep . -RRB- ... that there were songs I was unfamiliar with -LRB- Captain Brown , Follow Me -RRB- , as well as the classics -LRB- Rubber Ducky , On Top of Spaghetti -RRB- ... That it ends with a -LRB- rather long -RRB- rousing rendition of Elmo 's Song , which has led to my daughter singing `` La la la la -LRB- her name 's -RRB- song '' at random times.All in all , we 've come to enjoy this dvd , and I 've even ordered it as a gift for people -LRB- who I do like : -RRB-
 This is an excellent DVD !! Following up on the original Kids Favorite Songs , this DVD kicks up the fun to another level for your little one . This DVD includes actual children -LRB- from preschool age to mabye about 2nd grade it looks like -RRB- and they hilariously give their take on their favorite songs and nursery rhymes even singing in their own ` melodious ' sort of way . This DVD is very entertaining and your little Elmo junkie will love that most of the Sesame street muppets are there including - yes Elmo is there and he actually narrates this one as well . My daughter is 18 mos and she just loves to see other kids singing , performing and acting silly like herself . . They perform all the kids favorites like Mary had a little lamb , Itsy Bitsy Spider , Jack & Jill , If you 're happy and you know it and the list goes on . . Parents this will definitely keep your little busy body entertained throughout the whole show and hopefully give you some peace and quite for at least half an hour ...
 I purchased this after my 2 yr old son kept begging to watch it after we returned it to the library . It is not all songs -- there are parts with the children being interviewed , but my kids love those parts , too .
 My 11 month old daughter simply loves this . I have ordered many other Sesame Street DVD 's but so far nothing else can compare . She loves the songs , the characters and the children in this sing-a-long . It features Sesame Street characters and young children singing songs such as `` The bear went over the mountain '' and `` On top of Spaghetti '' plus many more . Her older brother and sister and I all like to watch it with her , and it has helped me remember songs that I had forgotten so that I can sing them to her also . This is the only DVD that she will keep watching while I cook supper or put a smile on her face when she is feeling grouchy .
 My little man loves this DVD so much that he has to watch it every day . He can be completely crabby and ornery , but the second I put this DVD in , he starts smiling ang laughing . He loves watching the kids and he LOVES his Elmo . It 's nice to have this as back up for when you just ca n't make your baby happy .
 We bought Elmos Favorite Songs 2 first , and then a few months later bought Elmos Favorite Songs . Needless to say , we LOVE # 2 WAY BETTER !!!! Much more interative and fun !
 I love this video !!! I had this video for my first child 10 years ago and he loved it . I now have a 12 month old and I recently purchased it for him , he enjoys Sesame Street and the Crew !!! I definitley recommend it !!!
 As a mother of twins , this video saved me !!! It kept their attention to allow me to shower . We had to buy a second copy when the vhs tape wore out . I highly recommend it . Fun to sing along and cute kids in the video that capture a child 's attention . Highly recommend !
 My two-year old grandson got hold of his original DVD and broke it while trying to get it out of the case . He calls it `` Snuffy 's Meatballs '' because of the way Snuffy chases his runaway meatball throughout the DVD while singing the song `` On Top of Spaghetti . '' This DVD purchased was a replacement for the original that he broke . Needless to say , he is very careful with this one . Both the songs and skits are very entertaining !
 This is one of my 16mo daughter 's favorite dvds . I think she connects with the video of other kids singing their favorite songs . And the Elmo 's song at the end is particularly good . She is also a fan of the original Kids Favorite Songs , which is good for different reasons .
 Very happy with the product and was impressed by the fast delivery.SAMR in Kentucky
 It exciting to see our 17 mo old has so much interest in this Elmo video . I could walk away and pick up a few things around the house to find him in his same spot just smiling and staring at the tv . It has so many kids singing , and we all know that kids have some interest in seeing other kids , that he loved it . You know as well as I do , that if something will keep your baby still so you can clean the house and he/she is not getting into stuff ... then this is a MUST BUY . My DVD cracked so I was desperate to buy another one ... THANK GOODNESS FOR AMAZON.COM , I would be so lost without this video .
 Hi . This is the producer . This DVD is compatible with Region 1 . It should play automatically when loaded . In case you have trouble with it . Push `` STOP '' 2 times , the select `` PLAY '' . Pls email me if you have any problems RBAJAJ -LRB- at -RRB- RLPKRECORDS -LRB- dot -RRB- com
 Primal Scream 's 2002 album Evil Heat is one of their finest albums yet . Bridging the gap between 2000 's Exterminator and last year 's Riot City Blues , Evil Heat 's array of electronic inspired punk rock is sometimes serene -LRB- `` Autobahn 66 '' -RRB- , but mostly violent and raw -LRB- `` Detroit '' , `` Rise '' -RRB- . The Scream Team seem more potent on this album , probably due to the production handled partially by Kevin Shields , as well as some hefty cameos . Louder and more visceral than Exterminator or Vanishing Point ; Evil Heat is all killer and no songs that feel like garbage . Although , there are plenty that will make you feel dirty .
 `` Evil Heat '' is an impressive follow-up to Primal Scream 's excellent 2000 release `` XTRMNTR '' . `` XTRMNTR '' was a very political album , combining a punk rock sensibility with abrasive techno sounds to rage against consumption , capitalism and conformity . With `` Evil Heat '' , the focus seems to be more on sexuality and spirituality , and the sound , although somewhat similar , is a little leaner , tighter , and more streamlined . Songs like `` Miss Lucifer '' , `` The Lord is my Shotgun '' and `` Some Velvet Morning '' are so throbbing and sexual that they would n't sound at all out of place in a strip club . `` Rise '' and `` City '' are more reminiscent of their previous album , with a more straightforward rock sound and rebellious , political lyrics . The biggest surprises for me are the album 's opening and closing tracks , `` Deep Hit of Morning Sun '' and `` Space Blues Number 2 '' . Both are almost gospel-like in their themes of spirituality and unity . Overall , this is a sonically excellent and thematically provocative rock album .
 Primal Scream 's newest album is also their best in awhile . In my opinion it 's more refined than there last outing , but still very edgy , with very catchy tunes and riffs I have n't been able to get out of my head . Primal Scream has been known for changing it 's sound from album to album but this one is more of an extension of their last . So if you 're a fan of Exterminator than this album will not dissapoint .
 I 've actually been meaning to check these guys out for some time now , and this record is very impressive . I generally do n't like an artists ' newest album to be my first real taste of their music , but this album was pretty hyped by a few fairly credible sources , so I figured I would give it a shot . Think the Stone Roses meets the Faint , with a wall of noise , thanks to Kevin Shields from My Bloody Valentine . Well , that 's at least a superficial description of this CD . It 's tracks are anywhere from a nod to Euro-techno to synthed-out blues , to Stooges-influenced rock , with some random bleeps and keyboard noises thrown in for the hell of it . Good old sex driven , drug induced synth-rock from Scotland . If you are into any of the Madchester scene -LRB- e.g. Stone Roses , Happy Mondays , Black Grape , etc. -RRB- , but also have a fettish for syntesizers like I do , you might consider checking this out . It 's very electronic based , however , so if that 's not your thing , either avoid this , or buy it and get used to it , because electronic music , and all its weird mutations are slowly taking over pop culture whether you want to admit it or not .
 this cd is good , so get it . bunch of morons at epic records do n't have a US distributor for this band apparently , which is just dumb . primal scream kills every other band . one of the best releases of 2002 !
 When I first heard the album I found it to be very similar to `` Xtrmntr '' . I adore every song on this album except `` Space Blues No. 2 '' . Their two singles -LRB- Miss Lucifer & Autobahn 66 -RRB- are some of the best songs they 've ever made . However , I ca n't stop playing `` The Lord Is My Shotgun '' over and over again . It has some serious soul to it . He repeats Bang Yer Alive throughout the song like he kept repeating Sck Fck on `` Pills '' . This is a band who is on top of their game now . Since `` Vanishing Point '' they been on an impecable run -LRB- I wo n't count Echo Dek -RRB- . When you have people in the album that were involved in four of the most important albums of all time -LRB- Psychocandy , Loveless , Screamadelica and Stone Roses -RRB- something good is gon na happen . A must buy , it may sound like `` Xtrmntr '' but it 's one hell of a listen , very demanding album . Best of 2002 . You can bank on it .
 Manchester 's Primal Scream are what hundreds of untalented L.A. bands aspire to be
 Every once in a while , a new album comes along that perfectly nails the spirit of rock n ' roll without bowing to the age-old guitar , bass , drums formula . Well , this my friends , is one of those . `` Evil Heat '' is chalk full of electronics , but shakes and grooves along like a futuristic version of the Rolling Stones with contributors from all across the musical spectrum.With glitter and sas , Primal Scream delivers a sonically blistering testament to living and partying hard , only to wake up , shake it off , and start all over again . `` Miss Lucifer '' is trancey and pulsing and sounds almost as dangerous as anything The Jesus and Mary Chain ever recorded . Speaking of the JAMC , Jim Reid moonlights as lead vocalist on the slamming and slivering `` Detroit , '' delivering a bucket full of piss and vinegar irreverence . Without warning , Robert Plant -LRB- yes , THAT Robert Plant -RRB- handily lends his sensual blues harmonica gymnastics to the distorted , techno breakout `` The Lord Is My Shotgun . '' Although the Scream rarely rely on guitars , `` City , '' featuring Kevin Shields of My Bloody Valentine , proves that they can kick out the jams with the best of 'em . Featuring a rip roaring chorus , it 's sure to blow some eardrums . Droning , sexy , and exuberant , Evil Heat is a truly underrated document as Primal Scream deftly embodies the dark side of Rock n ' Roll .
 The follow up to Exterminator , which it resembles more or less , I guess Primal Scream now can be seen as a leader in the movement of bands trying to be the MC5 . I guess that they may have some more legitimacy since they played with Wayne Kramer on occasion . Things start off with `` Miss Lucifer '' which gets off to a good electro start . `` Autobahn 66 '' tips a hat to their obsession with Kraftwerk . The two rockers are `` City '' and `` Skull X '' which are stand out tracks . The song `` Rise '' was called `` Bomb The Pentagon '' before pushing the envelope was becoming bad taste . There is more psychedelia on this recording that previous releases . People as diverse as Kate Moss and Robert Plant show up on various tracks . It does n't matter in the end . It 's a great record , but just another notch in the belt for a band who has rode every possible trend . People in America are still trying to figure out if Primal Scream is a jam band or the English Black Crowes . The American release includes a DVD so you can see the band for itself , which is a great live act , and bridges the gap between rock , soul and techno . -LRB- www.freewilliamsburg.com -RRB-
 It 's been more than 2 years since Primal Scream released the intoxicating XTRMNTR and this follow up was well worth the wait . I was wondering if the band could expand from that release into something even greater ... and they have.This CD is crafted to perfection and blows away anything I 've heard since XTRMNTR . Guests include Robert Plant , Kate Moss , Kevin Shields & Andy Weatherall -LRB- among others -RRB- and they help to add even more dimension to this great recording . Bobby Gillespie , Gary Mounfield , Robert Young , Andrew Innes , Martin Duffy and Darrin Mooney have really outdone themselves on Evil Heat.In addition to the 10 new songs they wrote for this you will also find a dark , haunting version of the old Lee Hazlewood song `` Some Velvet Morning '' with Kate Moss vocalizing ala Nancy Sinatra , although Nancy never sounded like this ! `` The Lord Is My Shotgun '' is reminiscent of something from XTRMNTR with bluesy harmonica added by Robert Plant . `` Deep Hit Of The Morning Sun `` opens the CD and is a fantastic song that gets you excited right from the start . You just know that this CD is going to be something special.This song is followed up by `` Miss Lucifer '' , breakbeat filled with masterful electronic imagry . `` Autobahn 66 '' shows that , as usual , Primal Scream are n't afraid to include instrumentals and this one fits right in with the Euro-techno style . `` Detroit '' , with Jim Reid adding vocals done to perfection , is a pounding thrill ride into electronica.In fact , every song on `` Evil Heat '' is a thrill in itself , except for `` Substance D '' , which sounds like a bored Spiritualized song . But I can overlook that anytime.This is definately a 5 star offering and the best work Primal Scream has ever done , which to me is really saying something.Now , will they ever be able to top this ? Hard to say , but I ca n't wait for them to come through Los Angeles on the tour for this CD . In the meantime I 'll just keep listening to this over and over and over . I 'm a Primal Scream junkie and proud of it .
 Astonishing . Simply amazing . The guest players on this cd range from the obvious -LRB- the Reid brother from Jesus and Mary Chain , for whom Bobbie Gillespie used to drum , singing lead on one cut -RRB- to the inspired -LRB- Robert Plant 's blistering harmonica wailing on another -RRB- to the down right bizarre -LRB- guest vocalist Kate Moss has a serviceable voice with a limited range but somehow it works -RRB- . Most track is radically different from the one that preceeded it , and the one that follows it , actually . This one is all over the place , but it hangs together very well . The full time addition of Kevin Shields on guitar was a smart move , as he adds not only incredible guitar textures and sounds to the mix , but offers a lot in the way of overall sound and production .
 Primal Scream remains one of the most enduring and changing bands of the early Manchester sound . CD highlights -LRB- for me -RRB-
 Deep Hit of Morning Sun
 How refreshing to have distinguishable melodies . This is fun upbeat pleasant rock and roll . I would say the tunes hit in-between the beatles and Phil Collins but his voice hits somewhere in-between Aaron Neville and Smokey Robinson . I hope the world discovers his music so we can see a bunch more albums . This is great stuff . I am hooked into a repeat play mode on this one . Especially great are `` Let It All Come Down '' and `` Wendy '' . This is a safe one to recommend to your friends to snag .
 Everytime I share this CD with someone they love it . When people hear it they want it . I think we will see Burke hit the top charts , he is about to explode ! Buy it you will love it !
 I love this cd ! It was worth it ! This is deffinitly a choice cd . My whole family loves it , but not as much as me you wont regret buying it !!!!
 This is like the awesomest cd ever ! Burke Roney is so cool . My favorite songs are '' sounds of the ocean '' and `` wendy '' . It has a cool beat and good lyrics with nothing bad so its good for anyone.Buy this awesome cd !!! You will love on contact !!!
 I LOVE this cd !! It 's a great way to get started in the morning.The music is easy on the ears and the words are good too . There 's simply not a bad song in the whole cd . My favorites are `` luscious lips '' and `` wendy . '' They are all great songs . I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys good pop music . Frankly , it 's the best pop cd I own . I ca n't wait for his next one to come out .
 I am the webmaster of the America Fans web site and it was through an America fan that I became aware of Burke 's album , `` Let It All Come Down '' . The title track leads off the album and instantly hooks the listener . Burke 's vocals and excellent lyrics are only enhanced by some great production and a fantastic backup band . There are very few albums that I can listen to over and over but this is one of them . There is n't a bad song on the album and there are quite a few great ones . I would recommend this album to anyone who enjoys popular music !
 From start to finish , Dierks Bentley has released his most `` complete '' CD thus far . Covering the well-worn country landscape of redemption , wanderlust , heartbreak , honky tonks and bars . Overall , the tone is more reflective than that of the first 2 CDs - yet , there are enough rowdy `` independent wanderer without-a-care-go-my-own-way '' goodtime songs to keep the frat party crowd happy . This is a balanced collection of up-tempo party songs with wonderfully heartfelt ballads and the moving bluegrass tune `` Prodigal Son 's Prayer '' . He co-wrote each of the 11 tracks and his voice has deepened since the last cd `` Modern Day Drifter '' - Bentley 's warm tenor has gained a richness and his phrasing hints at the knowing weariness of the well-traveled road warrior . In listening to this CD in succession to the first two CDs - the `` Bentley sound '' becomes very distinctive with this new entry . Bentley has surrounded himself with a top notch studio band of seasoned Nashville session players -LRB- S. Brewster , J. Carter , JT Corenflos , B. Sutton , G. Morse , A. Haynie , R. Terrell -RRB- . He gives them room to breathe - producing a wonderfully muscular sound in the arrangements that blend the best of traditional country with terrific fiddle -LRB- A Haynie -RRB- , banjo and mandolin -LRB- B. Sutton -RRB- and lap and steel guitar -LRB- G Morse -RRB- with terrific propulsive percussion -LRB- S Brewster -RRB- , melodic bass -LRB- J Carter -RRB- and superb guitar -LRB- JT Corenflos -RRB- . Several of the tracks - most notably `` Every Mile A Memory '' , `` Long Trip Alone '' , and `` Trying To Stop Your Leaving '' - evoke the sound of newer influences on the traditional country sound such as the rhythmic , keening guitar work of Coldplay and even U2 . `` Trying to Stop Your Leaving '' is a particular standout track with Carter 's absolutely gorgeous , melodic bass line throughout with the steel guitar and electric guitar framing Bentley 's vocals . Another standout performance is Morse 's steel guitar in the witty `` That Do n't Make It Easy Loving Me '' that provides almost a second `` voice '' as Bentley recounts the various salacious adventures on the road . Of note , Bentley 's road band does a terrific job on `` Free and Easy '' - celebrating the freedom of a traveling musician 's life on the road . A personal favorite is `` Soon as You Can '' - this sounds like the bookend to `` A Lot of Leaving Left to Do '' from Modern Day Drifter.The studio production on the tracks is universally excellent with great definition of the various instruments - there is a clarity to the tones that is not common in the usual junk that populates the airwaves right now . In my humble opinion , at least 6 songs deserve to be singles off this CD.Longtime Bentley fans will be pleased with this CD . In addition , with its ' wide appeal , Bentley will likely garner more fans and awards - deservedly so . Guys will love the songs celebrating the freedom of a single guy 's rowdy life . Girls and women with swoon for the ballads . Country fans will appreciate Bentley 's respect for traditional country - best evinced by `` Prodigal Son 's Prayer '' and the themes . Listeners that do not listen to country will be surprised by the progressive sound of this album.On this album , Bentley achieves 2 seemingly opposite goals
 Another fine piece of work by one of country 's rising stars of today . I had the distinct pleasure of seeing him in concert for the second time this past summer . He puts so much energy and passion into his music and his shows that it 's almost mind-boggling . It does n't look like he plans on slowing down anytime soon , either . I was instantly drawn to each song on this latest effort , even after the first listen . Dierks Bentley has kept up with his traditional style from previous albums . Once again , he mixes in a little honky-tonk with a little bluegrass and traditional country , as well . In addition to the first single , `` Every Mile A Memory '' , other standout tracks include `` The Heaven I 'm Headed To '' , `` Free and Easy '' , and `` Prodical Son 's Prayer '' . But dont ' take my word for it . Listen for yourself .
 Wow ... . wow ... wow . Having been a long-time fan of Dierks Bentley ever since he came out with his first cd , I must say that this newest cd far exceeded my expectations . This is his best cd ever ! He has truly come so far in his musical career , and you can really hear and feel the emotions behind the songs . What I love about this is he stays true to himself , and is honest in everything he sings . All of these songs are my favorites ! Every one of them is unique and just fantastic.if you 're looking for great , enjoyable quality country music , this is the cd for youWAY TO GO DIERKS !! Keep it up !!!!
 I have all of Dierks ' albums but I think this one is the best of them all , he 's really raised the bar with this one . The songs on this album are very , very catchy once you listen to the whole cd you 'll have all the songs in your head for days .
 I have all four of Dierks ' albums . From the minute I heard `` What was I Thinking '' for the first time , I have been a fan and have seen him live seven times.Long Trip Alone is mature and polished . The production is seamless and the band is hot . It 's hard to pick my favorite cut but `` Soon as you can '' is a winner as is `` That do n't make it easy loving me '' . There is something genuine about a guy who sings about honky tonks and heaven . Buy this disc - you wo n't be sorry !
 This is Dierks Bentley 's fourth album -LRB- he had released one in 2001 entitled `` Do n't Leave me in Love '' -RRB- and once again , it is a pleasure listening to him . Indeed , Dierks has a very special voice , neither too deep nor too high-pitched ; a very personal musical style which mixes bluegrass -LRB- in the image of the song `` Prodigal Son 's Prayer '' performed with the Grascals -RRB- , country rock with `` Trying to Stop your Leaving '' , beautiful ballads such as `` Long Trip Alone '' , etc. . . He has a very wide register and he gives a lot of depth of sound to his albums . Impossible to be bored . He 's backed up by the best of musicians . Brett Beavers wrote a few songs for this album , but Dierks himself also did . The latter has this rhythm-breaking characteristic we can notice in `` That do n't Make it Easy Loving Me '' . There also are some instrumental solos -LRB- steel guitar , banjo or electric guitar -RRB- . In short , his album is very original and varied . His music falls within a joyful register with bouncy rhythms which will put each of us in good spirits . Dierks continues imposing his trademark , style and no doubt he will become a household name -LRB- if he is n't already -RRB- . Just let me tell you that a Live DVD should be released in 2007 . FACM -LRB- French Association of Country Music -RRB-
 It was Dierks who described his album as a mix between U2/Waylon Jennings , and he was on point . When you hear his music its like nothing else being played on the radio . Dierks is honky-tonk on a modern level . You can tell these songs are written by the man who sings them . When you listen to the CD its like a story , a theme , its rare to find this . Most artists do n't write their own music , so it 's hard to believe their sincerity when they sing . With Dierks you know he lived every moment in every song . Its been years since albums like this were on the shelf . Reminds me of the classics like Willie , Waylon and Cash , this is the new outlaw in country music .
 What makes up country music ? Songs of lovin , livin ' , leavin ' , drinkin ' , and carryin ' on . What makes up Dierks Bentley 's third album ? Pretty much all that , plus a lot of heart . These are songs that you and Bentley can both relate to ; he compares losing his love to tossing a penny in the Rio Grande ; references country/rock buddies Cross Canadian Ragweed ; features bluegrass tourmates The Grascals ; declares that Heaven is a place where even `` thieves and prostitutes '' can enter ; and bemoans the life he 's found on the road , while honoring his heroes , friends , and family who help support him . There 's nothing surprising here , which is n't much of a surprise itself -- after all , Bentely has always worn his life out on his sleeve.Dierks Bentley is n't the most original artist out there ; hell , half of his licks and melodies `` borrow '' their power from old Waylon Jennings tunes . What we like about Bentley is this
 I love every song on this CD ... I love everything that Dierks does ... I highly recommend his new CD Up ON The Ridge . I also highly recommend buying from amazon.com , they ship so fast ... I love their service
 This is Dierks 3rd album and he has decided to go more Country/Rock and he pulls it off nicely!Included are his big hits Every Mile A Memory , Free And Easy -LRB- Down The Road I Go -RRB- , Trying To Stop Your Leaving and the title track Long Trip Alone-this really is a lovely ballad.Other standouts are Ca n't Live It Down -LRB- another great uptempo -RRB- , Soon As You Can -LRB- a sweet ballad -RRB- and the excellent ballad Prodigal Son 's Prayer which features The Grascals and has inmates from Charles Bass Correctional Complex doing background vocals -LRB- that 's right I said inmates -RRB- and it works fantastically well.This song has a real soft Bluegrass feel to it.Dierks sounds better than ever on this great album.This is an essential to any country collection.There 's a reason why this was nominated for Album Of The Year at the CMA 's .
 I love this new CD ! I have all of Dierks ' albums , and they are all wonderful compilations of slow and up-beat songs . You will not be dissapointed with this CD if you love all of his other stuff . Keep doing your thing , Dierks ! : -RRB-
 I absolutely love this cd . I have not taken it out of my cd player in my car since I bought it . If you are a Dierks fan this is a must have . He just keeps getting better .
 This albumn is another collection of great songs from Dierks ! It flows well from beginning to end . I can really feel the heart and soul he put into each song .
 This album is sooo good . I like every single song !! This is my firstDierks album and I 'm hooked .
 I am glad I ordered this CD . It is one of the best music cd 's I have purchased in the last few months to be from an up and coming new artist.Great music and I highly recommend it .
 I must say , I believe Dierks is one of my favorite of the `` young '' country music acts these days.He brings emotion , talent and also has songs that have a more `` country '' sound to it . Yes - there is plenty of contemporary country too but he does have a good mix of songs.Dierks seems to have what it takes to continue to improve and stand the test of time as many of the other `` hot '' stars of today may not.Overall , a top notch CD .
 The title track `` Every Mile a Memory '' made me want to hear more , and sure enough I was n't disappointed!The highlight would have to be `` Ca n't Live It Down . '' There 's that new edge to country music . He pleads that he has heck of a reputation , but he just ca n't live it down . He 's only got one chance to live his life and he needs to live it while he 's alive . You just ca n't waste time.The sad tune `` Long Trip Alone '' tells that Dierks is living his life alone and he 's going his own way . It compares life to a long journey on the road , which is the same deal as his other releases such as `` Every Mile a Memory '' and `` Free and Easy . `` There 's intellegence in the track `` The heaven I 'm headed to '' . It says no matter what backround of life you have or where on Earth you 've been , we 've all got the chance to walk streets of gold once we 're gone and away.I can see why everybody seems to want to buy the recent comer Dierks Bentley 's music . It 's no wonder that it was one of the possible nominations for CMA 's album of the year .
 Great CD , great music . I got this for my son and he loves it . Especially Free and Easy .
 this was one of the best albums ever !!!!!!!! free and easy was beatifull and a vry moving song.reached my heart .
 I thought this album was good but far from great . I am not sure if its because I am so sick of hearing Long Trip Alone that I could rip what little hair I have out or because the album was too mellow but this album is on the `` nice to have '' list not the `` need to have . `` I do enjoy Free and Easy & Band of Brothers but I did n't find anything profound about this album . It was n't bad , just not special .
 I bought this album December of 2006 . I can play it over and over again with out getting tired of it . Its country that sounds like country . The following are my favorites : Every Mile A MemoryLong Trip AloneHope For Me YetThe Heaven I 'm Headed ToFree And Easy Down The Road I GoBand Of BrothersProdigal Son 's Prayer
 I 'll admit there are other songs of his I like better , but it 's DIERKS !! HOW can it be bad ?? Instead of just going by a CD or 2 , you know it 's not the same as hearing him live . The truth of his voice , like some others , far outshines some of these `` polished '' established acts . For `` the new country '' folks coming up , IE
 In his third release Dierks makes it clear he is here to stay with strong vocals and song writing abilities . He has co-written every song on this CD and it shows in the way he comes across in the music . It 's a journey from the first track to the last one , one that you wo n't want to end anytime soon .
 I got his CD right away and it was an instant classic . Every song has meaning to it and it is done with perfection . I just went to his concert `` The Locked and Loaded Tour '' featuring Eric Church in Fargo and it was one of the best I have been to . The way he entertained and sang stunned me how great of a performer he really is . Ca n't wait for his next album !
 I had heard that this was Dierks best CD he 's put out so far , so i bought it for my son at Christmas time & I have n't let him have it long enough to listen to . It 's a great mix ...
 If you love Dierks you will love this CD . Great new songs , even the ones that are not on the radio .
 Great CD ! Ca n't help wonder ... why have n't I bought this one before ... but better late then never ... Janne.Sweden
 I 've loved this album since I first heard tracks from it with a personal memory of his performance of Long trip Alone at the 4th of July at the Capitol . I like the artist and his songs and the music .
 Music and great , very enjoyable progressive country sound . Really like his music and style , but find some of his songs are not kid-friendly with risque/racy lyrics . Recommend his music highly for adults who like this genre .
 I loved this cd ! This is Dierks at his best and this is great country music!The thing I love best about Dierks and this cd are the lyrics ; whenever I am listening to `` Long Trip Alone '' , I feel like I can relate to the lyrics and `` adapt '' them to my life . Whether I want to `` rest beneath your smile '' or if I `` might be making me a reputation of going my own way '' ; I can really `` feel '' Dierks on the cd lyrically . `` Hope For Me Yet '' and `` As Soon As You Can '' are my favorite songs on `` Long Trip Alone . `` I highly recommend that everyone add this to their country music cd collection .
 As a long time country music fan , its always amazed me that the truly CLASSIC country albums are almost always released by the female country artists . There are a few Judds albums that will blow you away even in this day and age , which is more than I can say for some of the more generic Randy Travis and George Strait albums.Which is why the last few years have been especially surprising to me , because its given me my two most favorite male country albums of all time . Seriously . The first is Josh Turner 's impeccable `` Everything is Fine '' -LRB- which is the quintessential country album from every single angle - that album is FLAWLESS -RRB- , and this album - `` Long Trip Alone '' by Dierks Bentley.On the surface , Dierks Bentley is a record companys ' dream because the product sells itself so well with minimal advertising . Now in his thirties , Dierks embodies what I consider the true essence of a male country recording artist . Josh Turner is better in terms of musicianship , but Dierks has that * it * factor - and even though his voice is n't quite as crafter as Turner 's , his music is certainly just as addictive.I got into this album purely by accident , listening to the ubiquitous lead single `` Every Mile a Memory '' . I remember liking the album as a whole when I first got it a few months ago , but recently I sat down to the CD with the lyrics open - and the entire project just ` opened up ' for me . The lyrics are its ' high-point . I believe country music songs always have a story to tell , and this album has that quality in spades . What is also really interesting is that every song here could have been a single - which of course is a rare thing.Highlights include `` Free and Easy '' , and `` Hope for me Yet '' . Unlike many other country albums , this album really comes to life towards the END Of the CD , and the last three songs are perhaps the best Bentley-trio ever committed to disc . They are simply spellbinding . The greatest song here , however , is the gospel-tinged `` Prodigal Son 's Prayer '' , which has easily gone on to become one of my favorite country songs period . Everything about this track just WORKS , and if you 're looking for a new country track to get addicted to , this is the perfect candidate . `` Long Trip Alone '' is that rare thing - a perfectly flawless country album . Other than the aforementioned Josh Turner album , I ca n't think of one male country music album with such a magnetic quality . Dierks is clearly the most interesting male country singer to me -LRB- Dolly Parton is my favorite female crooner -RRB- . Get this today - it really is quite something .
 Personally , every time i buy a new Dierks album , i find it better than the previous one ! ok , there are n't that many albums out yet , but still ! This album 's got some killer tracks ! it sound very country it really makes you wan na dance !
 I love all of Dierks music as it is original , unforgettable , and refreshing , but Long Trip Alone is his best yet !! I was not able to pick just one favorite song as they are all great , but Every Mile a Memory , Long Trip Alone , Ca n't Live It Down , Soon As You Can , Trying To Stop Your Leaving , and The Heaven I 'm Headed To are my favorites , and every chance I get I pop in the CD and sing along . When I ca n't listen to the CD , I find myself looking forward to hearing Dierks on the radio and ca n't help but tune out everything else and sing along , as Dierk 's songs have grown roots in my memory . I finally got to see Dierks in concert in St. Paul in November 06 , and he sang some of his old as well as his new stuff and I found myself entranced by his ability to pull you into his songs , especially his new stuff . He seems to be digging deeper and pulling up winners !! Dierks is unforgettable due to his music , sexy voice , and is n't bad looking either !! I am totally in love with Long Trip Alone and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for an unforgettable experience !!
 Long Trip Alone is Dierks Bentley 's best album yet , and I have all three . Long trip Alone is a must have for anyone 's collection .
 I have been a Dierks Bentley fan since his first CD came out . I have all of his CD 's and this is the best one yet !!! I 've seen him live 3 times and this month will be my 4th . He has an original sound and amazing songwriting talent , not to mention a voice to die for . My favorite songs on the album are `` Trying to Stop Your Leaving '' and `` Long Trip Alone '' . I can listen to this whole CD without skipping a song . If you like country music , even a little you will fall in love with this CD and it is worth every single penny ! You wo n't regret it !
 Hi Everyone , Go out buy Dierks Bentley 's New CD . He is a Fabulous Singer/Song Writer . My favorite Songs from the album is Every Mile a Memory , Long Trip Alone . Etc. . I got to see Dierks and he is Awsome . And he is so willing do sign autographs for you too . I got a T-shirt signed by him . So if you are a Dierks Benly Fan or Like Country Music go out any Buy his CD before they are all GONE ! Sarah
 dierks has been new to me this year but ive been overwhelmed by the quality and progress over the 3 cds ive heard . country music has always been one of my favorite genres and to discover dierks has been a thrill . this albums as good as it gets and if he keeps turnin out music of this calibre hes gon na be one of country 's greats . im a massive fan of pedal steel it makes the hairs on my neck stand up as does all of this cd.your loss if you dont check it out .
 Dierks is back and better than ever with his latest cd , Long Trip Alone . I have to admit I am new to country , a converted rap fan . But I now own Dierks last 2 cds and this by far his strongest cd . Every song here is great with no filler tracks at all . The only disapointment is it could have been a couple songs longer . But , then again , this is a classic and that might have taken away from it . I would recommend this cd to anyone because this is just easy-going , relaxing good music . Even if you do n't typically like country , I would recommend this to you because it has a nice rock feel to it as well.Breakdown of each song .1 . Every Mile a Memory-classic Dierks -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 2 . Ca n't Live It Down-just a fast paced good time -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- 3 . Long Trip Alone-as expected a slower song , but it is one of the best on the cd -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 4 . That Do n't Make It Easy Loving Me-great song , love the beat -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- 5 . Soon As You Can-my favorite on the cd , about young love and how you just want to see the one you love the most -LRB- 12/10 -RRB- 6 . Trying To Stop Your Leaving-has more of a rock feel to it , obviously about a girl leaving -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 7 . Hope For Me Yet-another Dierks classic , slower paced , great feel in the song and great lyrics -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 8 . The Heaven I 'm Headed To-maybe my least favorite song on the cd , but still a lot better than other artists ' songs -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- 9 . Free and Easy -LRB- Down The Road I Go -RRB- - more fast paced , love this song , just a great time about letting loose -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 10 . Band of Brothers-typical country sound to it , about his band mates and his past -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- 11 . Prodigal Son 's Prayer-most interesting beat and love the beginning , obviously a religous based song , slower paced and love it -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- So overall , this is a great cd as you can see and you should go pick it up . Hopefully all of Dierks ' releases are this great in the future.Top 3 Songs1 . Soon As You Can2 . Every Mile A Memory3 . Free and Easy -LRB- Down The Road I Go -RRB-
 Man , I was impressed with this album all the way through . I am sure it has its flaws , but they are few and far between . I like how this kid is doing too , respectful to the past and progressive enough for the alternative crowd . `` Every Mile A Memory '' is a great single and `` Long Trip Alone '' is a very good song . Buy this album , Dierks got his stuff together and he should only get better as time goes by . Thanks Dierks !
 The new Dierks Bentley CD is one of the best new cds I have bought in a long time !! I have bought a lot of new cds lately . Songs about love , relationships , Heaven , living life to its fullest . Upbeat songs , good ballads as well as good vocals and just plain good Country Music ! Easy to enjoy ... no hard to get into tracks . I honestly think its his best cd yet and I LOVED his last two.I bought the limited edition with the DVD . I wish the DVD included all of his music videos but it does include his two latest music videos ... and some other neat things . He has a complete music DVD due out in 2007 so I guess well get more DVD music then.If you love Dierks buy this cd either the limited edition with the bonus DVD or the regular CD version . If you dont like it I want to know why .
 My god , this is the only CD that I have said to myself that every song should be a single . This is THE BEST CD that came out of the music industry in like , forever ! Love you Dierks Bentley ! Wow , what a great CD ! I always thought that `` strike 3 and you are out ! '' This CD should be in the top 1 of every listing ever ! I immediately bought the CD legally thru an internet store ; I could n't wait ! I Will buy the actual CD at the store , fer surr ! Ok , now to the reviews , Every Mile A Memory
 This was actually the first Dierks Bentley cd I ever bought . I 'm a new country fan and after hearing Long Trip Alone on the radio for the first time I knew I HAD to have it . Dierks is my favorite artist and I love Long Trip Alone.The cd is awesome ! Every song is really great ! The only one I really do n't care for very much is That Do n't Make It Easy Loving Me , track # 4 . But other then it is great . Long Trip Alone is my favorite song on the track obviously . I also like Soon As You Can and Prodical -LRB- Sp ? -RRB- Son 's Prayer . The whole cd is great and I 'd defintely recemmend it to anyone !
 Dierks Bentley 's `` Long Trip Alone '' is a wonderful listen.The songs take me back to roadtrips and good times.I love the effortless mix of modern country and old time bluegrass.Bentley 's voice is rustic , but enjoyable.Worth every penny .
 This is a pretty solid effort by Dierks . I do n't like it quite as well as his first two major record releases , but it 's still pretty good . The tunes he wrote with Tony Martin -LRB- whom he wrote Settle For A Slowdown with -RRB- are some of the best on the album . Definitely worth the money , especially compared to the other junk that Nashville is pumping out .
 I enjoy this CD because each song has a different sound , and all are unique to Dierks . He has a way a way of singing country music that balances his trademark twang with a little rocker and a little bluegrass.My favorite tracks include
 One of the best yet that I have heard from the trio . Jack Dejohnette is at his best and does not miss a beat . He keeps a steady beat but adds a generous fill in the most appropriate times . This album was rated in Drum magazine as one of their top 50 cd 's for people who are looking for some unbelievable drumming . check it out
 I can not write a review of this album . My aim in writing this is simply to persuade you to listen to it.I bought this vinyl in 1986 with two Bill Evans albums -LRB- ` The Tony Bennett and Bill Evans Album ' and ` Paris Concert Vol 1 ' - both recommended -RRB- from HMV on Oxford Street in London . I was a big Oscar Peterson fan at the time , and I was n't impressed initially by this first introduction to Mr. Jarrett . Grunting I was used to - whining though ? You must be kidding!Still I had enough of an ear to hear something interesting in his rhapsodic solo introduction to Stella By Starlight . I 'd never heard anyone make a piano sing like that . I just played that passage over and over - not really interested in the rest of the album.I ca n't really remember at what point I started really hearing the music , following the solo lines like stories , appreciating the integrity of each performance , and of the trio itself . It was at least twenty years ago.As a work of art it is perfect . It transcends the musicians , the material and the genre . I am not uncritical of Keith Jarrett or any artist
 so far i am interested in good music and in fact in a good sound ... . this album matches both , recorded in 1985 it is still a milestone in interpretation , musicality and not at least in sound ... probably the best version of stella by starlight a great album
 A recent reissue by ECM -LRB- for the label 's 40th anniversary Touchstones series -RRB- , this 1987 release chronicles the pure joy of three accomplished artists who are putting amazing brush strokes on a canvas of jazz/pop standards.The interplay between Keith Jarrett -LRB- p -RRB- , Jack DeJohnette -LRB- d -RRB- and Gary Peacock -LRB- b -RRB- is nothing short of phenomenal on the material recorded on July 2 , 1985 , in Paris , France , at the Palais des Congr&egrave;s Studios de la Grande Arm&eacute;e . Stella by Starlight and Old Country are impressive , but Jarrett is especially brilliant on Falling in Love with You ; there is a wonderful happiness heard in his work , with DeJohnette and Peacock subtly filling in the soundscape.A logical extension of the earlier studio releases - Standards , Vol . I and II - the trio has set a foundation that propelled them into challenging explorations of sound and vision in the ensuing years .
 Like the title says ... a half-dozen jazz/pop chestnuts done live , before an appreciative Paris crowd , by virtuoso pianist Jarrett and bandmates Jack Dejohnnette and Gary Peacock.Things get a little too cute at times ; the audible groans and grunts , even through the prettiest songs , sound more like indigestion than intensity . Moreover , `` The Way You Look Tonight '' here lacks the jauntiness of Errol Garner 's version . But Jarrett 's consistent dives from introspective , near-classical playing deep into be-bop groove , plus tight ensemble playing -LRB- Peacock and Jarrett toe-to-toe on an airy `` Falling In Love With Love , '' a fine version of Nat Adderly 's `` The Old Country , '' DiJohnnette 's popping drum solos throughout -RRB- wins the day . A fine album for those just beginning to enjoy Jarrett or jazz piano in general .
 I do n't have a clue what is going musically . I am merely an avid listener . And I can assure you that from the opening bar to the very last , this disc will make you sit up and pay attention . In all genres there is ample good music . But there is strikingly little that is utterly exceptional . And this collection is , most definitely , exceptional . Each of these musicians is at the top of his game and I know no-one but Jarret who can get that liquid , quicksilver yet full sound quality out of a piano . Some moan about Keith 's groaning . Well , I find that if one does n't listen up close , this actually adds a strangely satisfying element to the music . If I were playing such intricate music at such electrifying speed , I am sure I would be making strange sounds too . The entire album is superb , and superbly remastered . One can not believe that this was recorded in 1985 ; it sounds as if it was produced yesterday . While every track is superb , track 4 ` Too young to go steady ' really does it for me . Oooh , the way the drums collect the music then release the piano to soar aloft ... is all to delicious to describe and must just be experienced first-hand . So do yourself a favour
 `` Standards Live '' is a 1985 Standards Trio album , the first live recording with standards only as far as I know . In 1983 , the trio 's Standards 1 was released , which got very fine reviews . This recording is of an okay overall quality , but if you do n't like Jarrett 's muttering , I 'm afraid to say that this live set includes a lot of that.That aside , `` Standards Live '' is actually one of the better recordings with the trio . They begin with ` Stella By Starlight ' , and one immediately feel the compasion and enthusiasm of the three of them on that particular night . It 's as if they want it to be as special as possible . The third piece , ` Falling In Love With Love ' , is my favourite . Jarrett really shows his creative side , and the others follow up - the final minutes of the piece in particular is very good ; the applause is faded due to its length . ` Too Young To Go Steady ' is a ballad , but not the usual Standards Trio ballad . It 's sort of wamp-like and groovy , and that 's definetely a positive change in my opinion . From the 7th minute onward of that song contains some of the best and most creative music on the album . ` The Way You Look Tonight ' is played in a fast tempo , which suits it very nice - it also includes a monster drum solo!On the whole , `` Standards Live '' is not like any other of the albums by the Standars Trio I have heard . It can be catagorised somewhere between the two studio albums and the Blue Note box set . The only negative side of it is the not-top-notch-quality , but it 's not a big problem at all .
 1 . Corner of the earth ~ ~ ~ 2 . Main vein-Knee Deep classic mix ~ ~ ~ 3 . Main vein Deep Swing 's jazzy thumper mix .
 This was another relaxing CD of music from Hawaii . It really takes the stress away .
 I listened to blurbs of a lot of the Hawaiian CD 's before buying this one to play at our luau party . I was happy with it when I received it . It was fun and upbeat for a party . I gave it 4 stars because we enjoyed it . But not 5 just because I 'm not a big fan of Hawaiian music overall and probably wo n't listen to it again - unless we have another luau .
 Hi , You can buy this album yours eyes closed , but your ears open . Very good album .
 Once again , the label has collected a very precise selection of songs with elegant and refined melodies : In CD 1 - `` THE SHOW '' , some tracks have an accentuated groove , like `` Rainfall '' by Nitin Sahwney or `` Harder '' by Kosheen , still others contain magical and delicate atmospheres , like the songs by Mondomo , Moo & Flam . `` The dove '' by Ikon deserves a special mention , as it is very intriguing with the voice of Rita Pavone , an icon in Italian pop music and a mythical figure in the 60s and 70 's . And , you will not want to miss this rare version of `` Walk on by '' by Aretha Franklin , in a breathtaking interpretation of Burt Bacharach 's masterpiece . This is an extremely introspective journey through the soft and sensual rhythms of nu-bossa , down-tempo and sophisticated lounge.In CD 2 - `` AFTER SHOW '' , you 'll find a more dynamic and more `` electro '' feeling ; here the rhythm gradually increases right up to becoming House in the end , through eclectic songs of great fascination.AROM , PINK MARTINI , ROUGE ROUGE , MICATONE , AFRICANISM by Bob Sinclar , all top names to underline the product 's quality and the great care in the choice of music.Two discs jam-packed with pleasing confirmations and some unexpected new works by artists MYSTIC DIVERSIONS , FLAM , NICK ROMANO & J-THEME , who offer exclusive songs not previously available to any compilation.MILANO FASHION is also an homage to the undoubted industriousness of the Italian fashion capital and to the stylists who , here , propose their collections . In this case we are proud to present the GRIMALDI GIARDINA fashion house , which has kindly supplied images of their most beautiful and fascinating designs.Also for this release , a very stylish digipack package with a coulisse made with gloss/matt paint in hot silver writing , which adds to the preciousness of this release .
 I loved this CD though not overly fussed on the After party Disc 2 but otherwise it 's great music to chill out with .
 My boyfriend is a big fan of this music genre . I bought him 1-4 for a late Christmas gift . He loves them all .
 If Sinatra was considered the Chairman of the Board , Tony Babino will be considered President and CEO of the company . From the opening chord of this CD , you 'll be very , very impressed with Tony B 's powerhouse vocals . He belts out the standard , `` I 've Got The World On A String '' with a livelier arrangement , to a heartfelt rendition of `` And I Love Her '' . If you think he might be another cover artist , you 'll be wrong . Tony B writes his own songs as well . He wrote 4 of the 14 tracks on this CD . Some of his own compositions like `` 50 Years '' and `` Sentimental Heartstrings '' are better than some standards . This is a superb CD . You 'll definitely , without a doubt , enjoy this CD . As the title suggests ... you 'll be `` Swingin ' Around with Tony B. '' for a long time to come .
 Tony Babino is amazing . Years ago he sang at my wedding , and I was hooked . Not only is he an amazing singer , but he is a very nice guy . I do n't really know how to express how much I enjoy listening to him sing , but I can tell you that once you hear him , you too will be hooked . Buy his music , see him live , either way , you will love it !
 Tony B has achieved something that not many people today have . He is keeping alive a form of singing style , that has been forgotten by the younger generation of today . Tony B has the talent and the power to put over such songs that the younger artists of today would n't even dream of attempting . Whether he 's Swinging Around , or just Crooning in his Velvet voice . He 's sure to please all that listen . The Tony B Original 's are wonderful and I 'm sure you 'll agree . And his renditions of a few of the older songs are so fresh and alive that the composers and lyricists themselves would be even more proud of the songs they 've written . `` Swingin ' Around '' is a Masterpeice and I ca n't wait for More . Thanks Tony , and Keep Swingin .
 Tony Babino might be the best entertainer nobody has heard of . This album is 4 years old I just found it ... His interpretation of standards is amazing ... his own songs are of classic material and since I have seen him in person doing Al Jolson I have become a huge fan . Whether he does Jolson or Babino do NOT miss this man
 Tony B is a real talent and his album demonstrates just that ! Opening the album with `` I 've Got The World On A String '' -LRB- Harold Arlen/Ted Koehler -RRB- sets the tone for an amazing album . Tony B proves that he can croon like the best ! And though he sounds a lot like Sinatra , if you listen to his album , you 'll see that he has a charm all his own!Don ' t miss `` Swingin ' Around , '' `` I Wish I Could Sing Like Sinatra , '' and `` Fifty Years , '' all written by Tony B. `` Swingin ' Around with Tony B '' is definitely worth buying for old tunes with a modern flair , and new ones that will quickly become `` old '' favorites !
 `` Swingin Around with Tony B '' is an extremely well down and much enjoyed CD . The song , `` 50 Years '' is one of the most requested songs on our weekly radio program , `` Tempo Italiano '' . What makes this CD even more enjoyable is the comfortable and easy-going delivery of the artist . Tony B displays a warmth and charm in each selection on the CD.We look forward to future releases by this really talented artist.Pam Richetta
 Tony B. -LRB- Babino , not Bennet -RRB- Is one of the best singers around today -LRB- Tony Bennet is not bad either -RRB- But mr.Babino is more than deserving of carrying the torch , that was once held ever so high by one `` Francis Albert Sinatra '' I myself being an entertainer -LRB- who also sings -RRB- can really appriciate mr.Babinos brilliance with a song . His vocal ability is remarkable . I predict he will be going far in this business -LRB- show business , that is -RRB- everyone who likes good music should get his CD `` Swinging Around '' It is the best thing to happen to popular music in years . Man , he good Actor/Entertainer : Vic Martino
 I am a big fan of the male singer and I like to listen to any of the new albums that come out . So when I first heard of Tony B on the radio I was so impressed that I had to buy this record . Tony 's phrasing is quite excellent and he swings hard . His selection of material is quite good as well and very accessable to the average listener . If you want to hear full forced hard core big band swing , Tony B is the man and then some !!!
 Tony Babino is one of the finest of the new crop of singers of standards . He is heavily influenced by Al Jolson in both singing and showmanship . However , he is no nostalgia act . There is never a boring moment in a Babino performance . He gives his audience all that he has . Some may compare him to Sinatra , but he is closer to Jimmy Roselli . The title tune on the album is very accessable ; I wish I had written it ! Babino 's technique is strong . He is always in tune . Every note counts . His selection of material is quite interesting , especially the Rodgers and Hart number `` I Got ta Get Back to New York '' . I hope that Mr. Babino releases another collection soon .
 What a shame that this CD is only currently available on the used market . Jezzro 's renderings of classic hymns are lovely !
 I really loved the entire CD , the vocals are just fabulous !! Its a great way to spend an afternoon listening to the smokey tones of the lead singer . I highly recommend it !!!
 Wow what a variety of material , this girl really can do a lot with her voice , all kinds of styles seems within her grasp . I got this because I had seen her play a few times with bands around LA and was anxious to hear her original stuff . I do n't know why she has not been picked up by a major label yet . You should definetly buy this CD , you wo n't be disappointed !
 I picked up this album on a recommendation from a friend and was pleasantly surprised at what I heard ! As I listened each track became my favorite song . It 's got a lot of depth and variety with everything from pop to blues to ballads ... and then there 's `` Tangier '' which has a latin/world music feel all it 's own . Each song tells a story through visual lyrics and beautiful arrangements that really show off the versatility of Holly Light 's voice . In a nutshell it 's got great music , great lyrics and a great vibe . I ca n't recommend it highly enough !!!
 Nelson 's latest U.S. release -- this is the album which Nelson record company would n't let them release as album # 2 , follow-up to the successful `` After the Rain '' . `` Imaginator '' is fascinating -- bands rarely do concept albums anymore -- it was gutsy of Matthew & Gunnar Nelson to put this together . The album is chock full of good rock music , some hard driven . The album follows a fictional character Leonard the Unlikely , through his televison journey . `` Do you Believe in Religion ? '' questions spoon-fed evangelism . `` Kiss Me when I cry '' and `` Judas Mirror '' are my favorite ballads . `` Imaginator '' is composed of strong vocals and arrangements , along with clips from television . The sound may evoke a touch of Bon Jovi , Bryan Adams ...
 I own ALL of the Nelson CDs and love them all . I have to say , this is my absolute favorite . I 've read interviews from Gunnar and Matthew that this was a `` concept '' CD recorded during a dark time in their lives . I 've even read that this CD is difficult/impossible for them to listen to . I disagree for my own reasons.Yes , this could be considered a `` down and dirty '' CD , but it 's also fun . I particularly like
 If you already know Nelson , but have n't purchased this disc yet , you should . I do n't quite like it as much as Because They Can , but it 's still excellent . I think this was supposed to be released before Because they Can , but the record company thought it was too different from After The Rain -LRB- ?? -RRB- . I do n't understand why , because to me Because They Can is a lot more mellow , where as this one has more of the `` power chord '' rock that you heard in After The Rain . However , it does sound more mature.Note that all the tracks are not full songs . A lot of them -LRB- like the first two tracks -RRB- are just small instrumental intros into the next songs . So really the first song is `` Do You Believe In Religion '' . If you are a fan of Ozzie & Harriet , you will love `` I Do n't Mess Around Boy '' which is taken from the show.My personal favorite tracks are `` Sooner Or Later '' and `` We Always Want What We Ca n't Get '' as well as an impressive cover of Sweet 's `` Action '' . Check it out !!
 I have mixed feelings about this album . On one hand , I absolutely love Nelson 's debut albumAfter the Rain . On the other hand , it 's a pretty big step to go from a radio friendly pop metal album to an ambitious concept album . No disrespect to the Nelsons , but they 're not exactly Queensryche or Pink Floyd.Imaginator has its highlights though . For one thing , it 's a breath of fresh air after the laid back , country-ishBecause They Canto hear the boys flat-out rocking again . The songs on this album are much heavier than I 'd ever expect to hear from Nelson , and that 's not a bad thing . The songs also sound a lot more mature than the material on After the Rain , and show just how far the Nelsons ' songwriting skills have developed . I would n't have minded some catchier material -LRB- that is why I was drawn to the band after all -RRB- , but overall I was quite pleased with the songs on Imaginator . The Queen-esque cover of the Sweet 's Action was a nice surprise , too.As a concept album or rock opera , Imaginator falls a bit flat . The concept does n't really sink in like it does onOperation
 Conceptual albums sometimes take a bit of getting used to . I loved this album from day one in the cd player . This album is absolutely brilliant . You have to be able to peel back the layer and look inside , really listen to the story being told . It was originally their 2nd album but Geffen wanted After the Rain II . If you like music with a message this is it .
 In the tradition of a bit of todays music , the brothers Nelson went along and released Imaginator . The album tells a great story and contains some great material . This was supposed to be released earlier by their former record company , but was n't . Japan was the first to see this album , until it was finally released here . The wait was more than worth it !!! This is a 90 's concept album at it 's finest . Interwoven with sound clips are a varying degree of medolic manifestations . `` Action , '' a song done by Def Leppard is found . Along with that are stand-out tracks `` Tell Me , '' `` She Gets Down , '' and `` Sooner or Later . '' I recommend this album , because it truly showcases the talent of these music veterans . If you want , just use your thoughts , and let this story-disc do its thing , and it could n't be better than anyone could have imagined .
 Nelson is great . I loved after the rain cd . Imaginator is awesome . I love the songs , kiss me when i cry , sooner or later , we always want what we ca n't get , tell me . If you liked their 1st cd you will love this .
 As Nelson music goes , Imaginator is as good as it gets . A great mixture of songs . It can hold its own with any rock CD .
 Very good record . The singing is fine , except maybe a couple of strained notes . Not off key , and certainly not without a certain unique something I actually really enjoy . Steve is one-of-a-kind and good writting abounds on this record . Will-o-the-Wisp is wonderful , with some Classic drumming by Alan White , and the brief solo in Lost Symphony is one of the most life-affirming 30 seconds in the history of electric guitar
 A lot of people are quick to say Steve 's voice is not up to par , but I disagree . Particularly when he sings `` Home from the horizon '' , it is not out of tune . He has a great sounding voice , nice mellow tone . I always preferred Howes voice to Squire 's in the Yes backup department . But the album itself is just nice . I 'm not going to explain every song , but they are all good . Especially Australia or Doors of sleep . Nice , peacefull album . Get it .
 this is a good productthe lyrics are bad and the vocals are awfulBut I like athe guy
 I am so sick and tired of people criticizing Steve Howe 's vocals!Sure , when this album first came out in 1975 , it took me a little while to get used to the vocals . Steve Howe does have an unusual voice . And I was only sixteen at the time.But I have long since come to appreciate this album and Steve Howe 's vocals on it . In fact , I think his voice is haunting . And the song writing on this album is brilliant.I would much rather hear Steve Howe sing the sophisticated music that appears on this album than hear Jon Anderson sing the primitive music that appears on recent Yes albums such as `` Magnification '' .
 Steve Howe 's second album takes what worked best from 1975 's `` Beginnings '' and improves upon it . Those who do n't care for Steve 's singing will be glad to know he appears on only one track , with the sole other vocal song handled wonderfully by Claire Hammill . This album is more eclectic than `` Beginnings '' and covers more different styles of music . But in doing so it does a better job of revealing Howe 's somewhat schizophrenic musical nature . What makes him so interesting as a guitar player is that he 's always pulling from the varied influences represented here
 At first I thought this was a far cry from Jon Anderson 's debut , but it 's actually almost as good . The songwriting improves the more you 're exposed to it . Of course there 's one blemish which I 'll mention right now just to get it out of the way!The title song is a nice classical piece ... and let me tell you , it 's a * pure * classical piece . There 's a classical music station that I sometimes listen to late at night when I 'm in the mood to either be challenged by sophisticated music or just to relax to some instrumental music , and this song would make a nice addition to that stations list of tunes . Unfortunately this is truthfully NOT what I wanted to ever hear from a solo band member of the legendary progressive rock band Yes . It 's pretty , it 's fairly melodic , it 's nice that a musician has the musicianship to create a classical song but ... I want more . Shortly before the 4-minute mark I detect a hint of Yes-style brilliance but ... then it quickly dissolves back into that repetitive classical theme . Blah.Normally I do n't mind vocals that are a bit rough around the edges but MAN is `` Will o ' the Wisp '' ever a display of really atrocious and hard to sit through singing courtesy of Steve Howe . Even worse , he 's trying to sing * sincerely * and with a terrible voice and limited range , it just ends up being nothing more than a MAJOR distraction . There 's a program that sometimes comes on TV late at night that is supposed to showcase the up and coming bands , or rather , the bands that are trying to make it big and need an outlet to play their music . Many of them have pretty lousy lead singers but I actually think Steve 's voice here is worse than anything those bands can come up with . It almost sounds like he 's trying to imitate Pete Townshend . Even worse , the brief moments of instrumental playing are easily the best parts of the song -LRB- especially before the 2 minute point - WOW is that ever fantastic -RRB- and repeated listens reveal just how awesome the instrumental chops are in comparison to the weak vocals . The only set of vocals I like are the ones he sings during the final 30 seconds . He reaches an exceptionally pretty range there . I also like the whistling around the 2-minute part . Otherwise it 's a flawed track . `` Lost Symphony '' has VERY Van Der Graaf Generator-like saxophone work . I like that band quite a bit by the way . Then the vocals come in - perhaps the fruitiest vocals that not only do not even remotely resemble Yes , they sound horribly dated and out of place even compared to the rest of * this * album . Now that 's saying something ! Even then , I ca n't bring myself to hate them . This almost resembles some kind of jazzy ballad with weird experimental sounds and even a subtle hint of 50 's - style rock and roll . I admit , this is actually a very unique kind of song ... and I even mean it as a compliment this time . :-RRB- `` Australia '' has more Pete Townshend resembling vocals , and it 's sort of depressing this is n't the Kinks song of the same name . I looooove the Kinks song ! However this still a pretty cool song . These vocals are a lot more natural than the ones from `` Will o ' the Wisp '' that 's for sure , and some of the guitar playing is pretty good . The chorus is the highlight . `` Australia , we 're leaving you behind ! '' A solid song overall . `` Doors of Sleep '' ... yes , he resembles Pete Townshend . By this point he 's either intentionally doing it or just trying his hardest to sing anyway he knows how . Maybe he 's doing it on purpose because , hey , he makes clever music - why not pull a clever move on the fans since everyone knew who Pete Townshend was back then ? Alright that 's probably a huge stretch but ... I wonder.I do n't really mind who he resembles in the end however - the unpredictable nature of the songwriting and the clever variety of arrangements really enhances most of these songs . It 's almost like hearing pop songs for progheads . Pretty cool blend between two styles . Anyway `` Doors of Sleep '' rules for the way the guitar playing just soars one minute , and then switches to pure emotion in the blink of an eye . Weirdly constructed pop song . `` Break Away From It All '' is almost normal . Imagine that ! The verse melody is pretty solid and the song carries a fast pace that 's memorable enough to count me as one satisfied listener . Steve really utilizes his guitar style and makes it rock really hard in a few spots.Overall , give this album a chance . What might seem like totally odd or half-written pieces of music actually * does * grow on you significantly with repeated listens . Get rid of that classical song and you 'd have yourself 30 minutes of solid songwriting . The enormous variety of musical instruments is a HUGE plus in my book as well .
 I really enjoyed this solo outing from Steve Howe , his guitar playing is flawless , his singing on this particular album is really not that bad , I 've heard him do worse vocals , but not on this album and he only sings on a few of the tracks , his vocals did not make this album any less enjoyable . My only gripe with this album is I wish it was longer , I really enjoy this album along with his Homebrew series , and Motif , definitely worth checking out if you like classical guitar , or Guitar .
 I bought this on vinyl when it came out . At that time I had no idea what to make of it . I recall liking Chris Squire 's FISH OUT OF WATER better . OLIAS OF SUNHILLOW ? Jon Anderson 's first solo album ? Well?Looking back all these years ago -LRB- and yes , I upgraded immediately when it came out in CD -RRB- ; All I can say is that while this album has its obvious flaws ; It works on its own internal logic . I find most Howe solo albums seem to radiate an internal consistency that really makes their deconstruction in a review relatively meaningless.Alot of Yes musical history has gone beneath the bridge since this rather understated and highly listenable first solo album by Steve Howe made its inconspicious debut back in 1975 . I always reach back for this album and THE STEVE HOWE ALBUM . Mostly by instinct.But this is where it all began ...
 Steve puts everything into this album and comes up with a gem . His guitar playing alone is worth the price of admission . Most of all in a weird way , I like his voice kind of like how we like Dylans voice , one of Steves heros and probably why Steve did n't care about the critics and sang his songs his way and you have to admire the guy for that .
 I had the L.P. years ago and decided to buy the CD . It was good to hear it again . It will be a nice addition to your collection .
 The best thing about the first batch of Yes `` Solo Albums '' was that they allowed the fans to finally see into the Yes compositional process . We could glimpse each of Yes ' primary composers all by themselves - almost like a prism separates light into colors , the solo albums gave us insight into the elements each Yes-man brought to the band . -LSB- These albums are BEGINNINGS , by Steve Howe , FISH OUT OF WATER , by Chris Squire , i , by Patrick Moraz , RAMSHACKLED , by Alan White , and OLIAS OF SUNHILLOW , by Jon Anderson . -LRB- In all fairness , Moraz 's i was not his first solo effort . -RRB- -RSB- Steve 's first album is really quite good , and it does hold up over time . There is an energy and brashness here that is rather stunning . One would have thought that Mr. Howe was the iconoclastic confounder of the Yes Stable . But he shows us here that he is a traditional songsmith.However , his voice is appallingly bad , and his decision to sing is really a bad move -LRB- he was to repeat that move time and time again , never learning from his initial mistake -RRB- . I had to give this excellent album 4 stars solely because it is marred by Steve 's Larynx.One could only imagine how perfect this album would have been had Jon sung on it - it would have almost become `` The Lost Yes Album '' .
 An odd little solo debut for Mr. Howe . I love it , but probably for the wrong reasons . There is n't much that sounds much like Yes , which is okay by me - - not because I do n't like Yes but because it demonstrates Howe 's desire to do something different from his contributions to the band unlike , say , Chris Squire . It also , a little surprisingly , is not really a ` guitar ' album . Of course Howe plays guitar , but clearly his intention is not to demonstrate what a hot shot he is on his instrument unlike , say , Peter Banks . By the time this was released in 1975 , Howe had already done all that , seemingly without effort . So why does the album fail so gloriously ? To put it simply , it 's the material . You know , the songs . They 're mostly pretty boring and are n't much helped by windy arrangements -LRB- with the exception of ` Pleasure Stole The Night ' , which is more breezy than windy -RRB- . It is n't even Howe 's clunky singing , which a lot of people complain about and which is passable at best - - it recalls that of the Floyd 's Richard Wright with a cold , and Wright 's no great singer himself . But it really would n't matter who sang -LRB- unless it was the guy from Flash , but more on him later and elsewhere -RRB- . The longer instrumentals , ` Nature Of The Sea ' and especially the title track , are n't really helped by the lack of Howe 's singing . ` Nature Of The Sea ' gets the edge , though , because the orchestral ` Beginnings ' just sort of noodles along going nowhere for seven-plus minutes . It 's quasi-ambitious ; it 's pretty ; it 's light ; and it is very , very fluffy . The brief ` Ram ' sounds like a rehearsal for ` The Clap ' , four years after the fact . No matter where you go in the album , it 's like that . Okay . Now , having said all that , I find it pretty cool that the album has held up in its own way very well over the many years since its release . The artless singing and windy arrangements have become its strong points after all this time , saving what was in 1975 a mediocre effort and preserving it as a quirky pleasure . Heck , there are bands who shall remain for the moment nameless running around these days wearing pseudo-artlessness as a badge . And look how hard they have to try . Let 's make the argument that Howe is their major influence and maybe they 'll shut up and go away . I 'm not gon na complain about Howe too loudly . Still , the songs ...
 If you 're a Yes fan , thinking about buying this album , but worried about all the reviews that rip Steve 's singing -- just buy the doggone album.You will probably squirm in your seat the first several times you hear him reach the chorus of `` Australia . '' And that wo n't be the only part that makes you question his ability to self-assess . BUT ... What 's unique about this album is that Steve is so clearly making a sincere attempt to sing exactly what is in his head . On other albums , he keeps most of the lyrics more closely in his vocal range , so you only hear the odd tonal quality of his voice , not an actual inability to hit the pitches . But on this album , he clearly just does n't care about his own limitations . He knows where he wants the melody to go , and come hell or high water , he 's going to get his vocal cords to go there -- or at least to get in the neighborhood.The result is a very honest , sometimes raw , and always impassioned set of performances . And to make matters easier for the listener , a great deal of the vocals are layered , so that the harmonies blend out many of the imperfections that are more obvious in the solo lines.Beyond this , the songs are simply terrific . `` The Nature of the Sea '' is captivating from its first bar -- and I 'll guarantee that even if you did n't know the title , you 'd hear the ocean in the instrumentation . The horns on `` The Lost Symphony '' are fabulous ; the orchestra on `` Beginnings '' mops the floor with anything on `` Magnification '' ; and `` Ram '' makes you wish for more songs with a washboard in them.Yes albums tend to be awash in mysticism and metaphor ; this album has a beautiful real-world foundation to it . It is music of this Earth -- vast in variation , full of struggles , and , yes , not without its flaws.To echo another reviewer , I would rather hear Steve straining for glory and missing on this album than listen to Jon playing it safe and staying in key on everything since the late '80s .
 I know , I must be a freak , but I have grown to love Steve 's off key warbling . I love to sing along in the car -LRB- but get in big trouble if someone is in the car with me ... -RRB- These are all well crafted songs , not just showing off his guitar talents .
 The only song on this record that I ca n't stomach is Willo the Wisp , everything else more than cuts the mustard by the sheer level of musicianship on evidence , even if Steve 's singing sometimes sounds like a toothless old woman warbling . The two best tracks are ` Lost Symphony , ' which fuses everything from R & B to Country to Classical to Hard Rock all into one awesome 5 minute presentation that just whips ; and ` The Nature of the Sea ' another exercise in mixed salad artistry , done as always with the underlying broadminded gentle hippie attitude Steve was able to use as gluing cement in those days which he ca n't quite make work anymore because it seems to have long since advanced into the New Age stage -LRB- a fatal disease for true musicians , though perfectly agreeable to John Tesh and Yanni -RRB- . This slightly rough but risk taking record is an absolute must for all Yes fans and ten times better than anything the members of Yes -LRB- Bruford excluded -RRB- have done in the past ten years -LRB- mostly embarras themselves -RRB- .
 I first listened to this record 30 years ago ... 30 years ! I was sixteen . It so moved me at the time I almost lost myself.Steve is a fantastic musician and this disc shows it.I love this album ... even after all this time .
 Let me ask everyone a question . Do you like the Cars song `` Let 's Go ? '' Because about half of Endangered Species closely resembles that particular Cars track.This , of course , presents an immediately noticeable problem that simply ca n't be ignored - what happened ? What happened to Klaatu 's ability to write a * diverse * set of songs ? What happened to the obvious Beatles influence ? The borderline genius pop songwriting abilities ? A good portion of the album has been replaced with ... a very typical and horribly dated collection of danceable 80 's pop/rock that 's only somewhat interesting and creative . A good bouncy pop/rock album perhaps , but nothing REALLY great.Well , many of us know the story with their record company , but it just so happened it turned out to be a VERY bad and costly decision for us , the mighty dedicated listeners . This album is * easily * much much worse than the previous three.The stand out tracks to me are `` Howl at the Moon '' for sounding identical to Al Stewart and his `` Year of the Cat '' classic . Also `` Dog Star '' actually contains a really exciting new wave verse melody and chorus . This song is definitely pretty good . Oh , and `` Paranoia '' is another great one . It actually feels somewhat creatively written , and I like the lyrics.Alright you got me - I enjoy `` Knee Deep In Love '' because it 's a catchy , heartfelt ballad similar to `` Dear Christine '' . `` I Ca n't Help It '' is a very good early 80 's Alan Parsons Project imitation if you ask me . It sounds remarkably similar to their popular hit `` Eye In the Sky '' . The rest of the songs are definitely severely dated early 80 's new wave pop/rock that 's relatively catchy , I admit , but also leaving me completely empty and unsatisfied as far as diversity and creativity goes . DO however , buy the first three Klaatu albums which represent the band in a much better light . However , if you must buy a Klaatu album from the 80 's , this is n't a bad choice by any means . In fact the songs that are n't memorable are growing on me a little bit . It 's just a disappointment in comparison to the total brilliance you experience from the first three albums Klaatu made .
 `` We Must Believe In Magic '' was originally released in mid 1977 , & commercially , it was a breakthrough album for Crystal -- it peaked at # 12 on the Billboard charts & was certified platinum within a year of its original release , largely thanks to the huge , million-selling hit `` Do n't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue '' . The album really did deserve the success , because most of the album is great , displaying Crystal at her best -- as ever , her vocals are consistently sumptuous , & although she did n't write anything here , her expressiveness is one-of-a-kind & she consistently comes up with just the right treatment to get maximum impact from each track -- in other words , she very much makes the songs her own . The aforementioned `` Do n't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue '' opens the album -- it 's somewhat jazz-flavored and it 's wonderfully breezy with an irresistible rolling piano part , and it 's melancholy , yet not depressing -- as good as it is , do n't let its commercial success fool you ... Not only are there a bunch of other great songs here , but the album is also impressively varied -- there 's the amusingly dramatic `` River Road '' , the stomping bluesy rocker `` Green Door '' , the wistful ballad `` Make A Dream Come True '' , the somewhat frantic Cole Porter cover `` It 's All Right With Me '' , the stately , otherworld-ish title track with hypnotic wordless vocals from Crystal , & the punchy , somewhat sneering `` All I Wan na Do In Life '' , all of which are gems . As much credit as Crystal herself deserves , you also ca n't deny the excellent job by producer Allen Reynolds -- there 's lots of neat stuff going on like the clanking percussion , flutes , & phasing on `` All I Wan na Do In Life '' , the cool orchestration on `` Make A Dream Come True '' , a combination of fiddle and biting guitar on `` It 's All Right With Me '' , & Moog synthesizer -LRB- and god knows what else -RRB- on the title track . The weakest track is the somewhat ho-hum ballad `` Going Down Slow '' , but it 's still got the cool interplay of the phased guitar line & the orchestration . I have a complaint with this album , & it 's the same complaint I have with so many of Crystal 's albums -- it 's too darn short !! Clocking in right around half an hour , it really cries out for a couple more songs . Yes , I 'd rather have half an hour of great material than 15 minutes of great material & 25 minutes of dreck -- I 'm not denying the consistent high quality of this album , but it is on the short side . Still though , this is a highly recommended album . Plus , the album sleeve with the checker-board style of the photograph of Crystal with her increasingly ultra-long hair is smile-inducing . Do n't expect to find the Razor & Tie label 's CD release of this album at a low price . Tracks from this album regularly crop up on Crystal compilation CDs of which there are a LOT . There are also a lot of vinyl copies around that you can probably get at a very reasonable price so you can hear ALL of the tracks from the album in their original running order . `` We Must Believe In Magic '' is a great showcase for one of the most sublime vocalists of all time , Crystal Gayle .
 I heard the full c.d. and I must say the top five songs I loved were on this short but powerful EP so I decided why not save a few extra dollars and just get this . It was worth the money for these songs are just great and show off Missy 's power and her own sound that she wishes to give to the world . I heard she is a big hit in her native country and I can see why . She has obviously good piano skills she shows off on her songs and her voice gives a good touch to her songs . I never had a singer with her accent so it is a nice touch to my collection . Her voice reminds me sort of like Dido - they do n't sound alike but they have the same ' I do n't need to stretch my vocals to the height of the ceiling to be noticed ' type of voice . Her vocals are pleasant and strong and match with her sound well.Although I still do not consider her a five star artist , since her whole official album was not exactly the most strongest and these five songs are really the only ones that did catch me truly , I think if she continues to work on her songs and sharpen her musical potential I feel she has definitely , I think she could become the next big thing in no time . We 'll have to see.Yet for now I will enjoy her EP , for it is a great buy . I advise anyone kind of iffy about buying her whole album to get this five - song EP . It has her most outstanding songs on here , and if you 're a piano junkie like I , you 'll probably enjoy them very much so .1 -RRB- All For Believing - A somber start , where Missy shows off her more softer and reflective side . I 've always liked this song , although it is not the strongest song on here . B +2 -RRB- Ten Days - A little more of an upbeat song , and probably my most favorite song on here . The song is very memorable and catchy and I think it has a nice touch of beauty in it especially in the lyrics . Nice background sound and piano . A +3 -RRB- Scar - It 's like she goes from somber , to a little more upbeat , and in Scar she goes all the way upbeat . Scar has a catchy background for sound and awesome piano sound . Very uplifting and also a single I have heard it a few times on my adult alternative radio station . Very cool song . A4 -RRB- Nightminds - I love the lyrics in this song they hit me so hard . The music itself in the song is lovely and darkly lit again , and again the song goes down a little bit but still very strong . A5 -RRB- Any Day Now - Now the song goes very somber again , and although the song is lovely and I like hearing it a lot , it is not very memorable like the other songs . Where I find myself humming the other songs , I really can not remember this one without it playing at that moment . Still lovely though , and Missy uses her pleasant vocals to put this EP into a nice and pleasing close . BThe middle songs 2 , 3 , and 4 are the best and most strongest songs on here , and the best ones to get to know . Missy brings a nice , unique tough to the piano junkie 's collection . Missy does not smash into your music system , but subtly , sneakily , gets under your skin in no time . I 'm sure I 'll hear more of her soon , or at least I hope so .
 Missy Higgins has a phenomenal way with words . She is not only a talented singer but also an amazing story teller .
 Missy Higgins ' accent is definitely Australian ! I 'm told her speaking voice is a little more refined but she sings with a working-class Australian accent some people call `` bogan '' . What 's more the songs are brilliant !
 This album is excellent . The Coconutheads are a terrific Florida Reggae band . I recommend this CD to all my friends who enjoy light reggae . This is great summer music .
 I 've followed The Coconutheads since the early nineties as they 've performed throughout south Florida . Their live performance would make a great album too ! Val and Greg have a have an almost telepathic connection on stage ... their saxophonist -LRB- Nicky , I think -RRB- is outrageous , mixing in jazzy , moody tones with great skill . The band has had some personnel changes , but the core members have stayed intact , although I miss the live drummer .
 Status Quo Gold follows the band from their sixties hits like `` Pictures of Matchbox Men '' and continues on through 1996 including their impressive string of British hits . The group was never big in the US but they are still charting hit singles in the UK more than 40 years after their first single release . They have a nice mix of covers and original material that does n't allow the listener to become bored while listening to the generous helping of 41 tracks . A must for long time fans and for newcomers alike .
 Very happy with this CD . The quality and the arrangement of instruments is beautiful , I love the dulcimer and mandolin . I enjoy listening to the mix of peaceful and uplifting compositions .
 These beautiful old hymns played on a dulcimer are wonderful in every way . You cann ' t listen without humming or singing
 This is a beautiful CD . Simple but lovely arrangements of classic hymns performed on hammered dulcimer , violin , guitar , mandolin , dobro , flute , and harp . The fiddle player in particular is spectacular , but all the artists are amazing . Agree with the previous reviewer that you ca n't listen without humming or singing along . Several of the tracks are already some of my favorite hymns -LRB- Be Thou My Vision , It Is Well -RRB- , but even some of my less favorite ones sound amazing in these arrangements . I 'm pretty sure this is what heaven will sound like .
 The rapper responsible for the hilarious 1994 hit `` Funk Dat '' in which he complains -LRB- in his trademark whiny style -RRB- about repetitive radio stations , distrustful bank employees , his lack of success with chicks , and a neighbor who believes that he is responsible for the turmoil in her daughter 's life . Other good cuts include `` Bitties '' and `` Lovestuf -LRB- Ghetto Mix -RRB- '' . As far as I know , this album is not supposed to be intentionally funny , but Sagat 's whiny , nonsensical rapping style , and the some of the silly , mundane things that he raps about do make it quite hilarious .
 `` Sweet & Sour Tears '' might be a concept album in that all of the songs sung by Ray Charles on this 1964 album have the words `` cry , '' `` crying '' or `` tears '' in the title -LRB- or related terms like `` weep '' and `` teardrops '' -RRB- , but it is not exactly a thematic unity . If anything Charles likes to mix up his genres , moving from jazz to country and then to soul and pop . Overall the slow and more sentimental songs do not fare as well as the more upbeat numbers such as `` Do n't Cry , Baby '' and `` Baby , Do n't You Cry '' -LRB- really , those are two different songs -RRB- . The best of the bunch would be `` Cry Me a River , '' which makes some nice use of the brass section behind the vocals . These songs really make the slower tracks seem rather ponderous with their use of strings and too often the sentimentality of the songs just do not work as well.Actually , the big surprise here is that when Rhino reissued this CD the seven bonus tracks they tacked on at the end , culled from the early part of Charles ' career -LRB- 1956-71 -RRB- , have the best songs on the album . The choices all continue the original album 's crying motif and the best are the 1956 R&B track Henry Glover 's `` Drown in My Own Tears '' and the 1964 hit `` I Wake Up Crying , '' written by the team of Bacharach & David . They also included `` Crying Time , '' one of the earliest `` country '' songs that Ray Charles recorded , although it still has blues and jazz elements in it . These bonus tracks get this album up to the 4.5 star point , but I still have to round down just because the credit goes to the producers at Rhino and not Charles . This is not one of the top ten albums you would want to include in your music library , but for fans of the late great Ray Charles it certainly deserves strong consideration for selections from the second tier .
 What a record ! You 'll find in it the twelve songs recorded in 1964 plus seven extra songs whose theme is sorrow and tears . This CD is a must-buy for any music lover desiring to discover Ray - the Genius - Charles but still hesitating in front of the numerous compilations available.The incredible thing about SWEET & SOUR TEARS is that , after having heard it , you could swear it 's a compilation . But it 's not . It 's just one of the average recordings of a man who turned into gold whatever song he played , a man whose musical production during the fifties and the sixties is a unique and admirable legacy.By the way , Ray is still alive and well . So do n't miss him the next time he 's in town . And dont ' forget to take your children with you , they 'll be hypnotized and will destroy your library to find the CD 's of the Genius.A CD zone essential stuff .
 There is no way to jam into one album an overview that encompasses the scope of the greatest musician of the twentieth century -LRB- sorry Duke Ellington , sorry Elvis , sorry James Brown and sorry Hank -RRB- but this album from 1964 when Ray was at the peak of his vocal and exploratory powers , remastered and with unissued cuts that even surpass some of the original list -LRB- `` I Wake Up Crying '' might be the best Bacharach-David cover ever -RRB- makes a good stab at it . Jazz , blues , middle-pop , a little rock-and-roll , some great country -LRB- If `` A Tear Fell '' does ` nt have you waltzing across the floor , you 're dead -RRB- all rolled-in together in one superb LP . A great start to the most essential of collections .
 ive been a Ray charles fan for many years and this cd is excellentits all about tears but tears is a part of live happy tears and sad tearsany ray charles fans should add this to there collection i give it 5 stars
 Professional album from 1964 . A very good selection of tearful songs by one of greatest singer and musician .
 EVERY SONG ON THIS ALBUM HAS TO DO WITH CRYING AND TEARS . SOME OF THE ARRANGEMENTS ARE SO LOVELY YOU WILL WANT TO HEAR THE SONGS OVER AND OVER AGAIN . RAY 'S VOICE NEVER SOUNDED BETTER . AFTER LISTENING TO THIS , IT IS EASY TO UNDERSTAND WHY RAY LEFT ATLANTIC RECORDS WHERE HE RECORDED MUSIC ON A LIMITED BUDGET , AND CAME TO ABC MUSIC , WHERE THEY PROVIDED HIM WITH ORCHESTRAS , CHOIRS , AND BETTER RECORDING STUDIOS TO EXPAND HIS REPERTOIRE .
 Like other Wild Animal Baby DVD , this easy to understand wild animals DVD is one of my 3-year-old daughter 's favorite . She loves animated characters in the series as well !
 Wild Animal Baby is the DVD sensation that has children laughing and smiling at the antics of Izzy the Owl , Rosie the River Otter , Sandy the Salamander and Skip the Rabbit as they learn about the natural world . Brought to you by the National Wildlife Federation and featuring high-quality animation combined with live action footage , these endearing main characters make learning fun ! A winner of the distinguished iParenting Media Award.The Wild Animal Baby series will soon be airing on PBS Kids -LRB- 2010 -RRB- - stay tuned for all the new , fun filled episodes coming your way!The National Wildlife Federation -LRB- NWF -RRB- is America 's largest conservation organization protecting wildlife for our children 's future . NWF publishes three award-winning children 's magazines
 I bought this DVD and the 3 others in the same series about 3 years ago when my kids were younger . They loved them right away and they still watch and love them now -LRB- they 're 4 and 5 now -RRB- . So I bought a second set for one of my friends who just had a baby . Each DVD features 3 little stories , 15 minutes each so you can decide to let them watch as little as 15 minutes or as much as 45 minutes , according to their age or attention span . The DVDs mix real footage of animals and nature settings with animation , and it 's very well made . It finds the right balance between entertainment and education , and it 's totally age-appropriate ; you do n't have to stand guard with the remote in hand ready to fast-forward through some -LRB- even if very slightly -RRB- scary or inappropriate part that I still find regularly in many of the classic kid 's DVDs .
 Having been a fan of this mob since those hazy crazy late eighties days -LRB- say that three times quickly -RRB- I have continued to purchase their releases with the promptness of a dedicated fan and only on Soft Dogs have they disappointed . This release , Scare Yourself Alive , stems from the shows the band did in support of the Scare Yourself album . It consists of two discs , one an audio live disc of 16 tunes of good time rawk 'n' roll wattage and the other disc a DVD comprising some basic set up features , two live shows and a short behind the scenes snippet of footage showing the band scurrying from an awards ceremony to a festival appearance.The audio disc is a great companion to have around as it is judiciously spliced with both new and older tunes . Real early stuff from the mid 80 's searching years such as Riding With Sue is juxtaposed besides hey -LRB- hair -RRB- day nuggets such as Makin ' Fun Of Money , Bad Craziness , Sleeping My Day Away , Jihad and Overmuch which are in turn slotted beside some of the cool rockers from the Scare Yourself album such as the title track , Lawrence of Suburbia and Camping in Scandinavia while the album Everything Glows gets a look in for a few tracks too . The more barren Helpyourselfish/Soft Dogs/Simpatico days are understandably less prevalent in the bands live set . The sound here is good and the band connective . This is fun time rock music designed to get feet tappin ' and often enough , heads nodding.The DVD disc is probably where much of the appeal of this set lies . Not because the audio is bad but the double live album Simpatico Live is perhaps the definitive live album from this mob and I also have their live album from Osaka for a straight run through of their No Fuel Left For The Pilgrims era . But a live DVD is a rarer commodity from this band who , alas , do n't really seem to have toured beyond Europe much for nigh on twenty years now . And the punter gets a fair chunk of footage here . The aforementioned backstage stuff from the awards ceremony is ... well it 's an awards ceremony . Though it was fun to see some of the footage as the band scramble to get on stage in time at the festival they were going to.As for the concert footage itself one of the gigs shows the band headlining -LRB- by the looks of it -RRB- one of the days of the Roskilde Festival -LRB- oh and would n't I just love to get to one of these European rock festivals one day -RRB- and the big crowd certainly brings out something in the footage , the band seeming to be able to rise to the occasion and putting on a show that moves up and down the gears . Some of the sonics are a bit samey - there are reasons these guys never sustained the big time - but the fun of so many of the songs and the personality exuded by three of the four members is quite open and warming , even if the guitarist in his apparent role as ` straight man ' comes across more wooden than Keanu Reeves . All up I 'd have to rate this concert a win for the band and the varied age groups of those down the front of the gig certainly gives me hope that there will be an audience for these chaps for many years to come.The second gig is far shorter -LRB- Roskilde show is 16 songs , this second one only 11 -RRB- but that actually makes for a more penetrating punch , a heck of a lot of energy and the flamboyant aspects of the bands stage show meaning this is more of a heads down affair and the smaller arena/theatre setting makes the whole thing seem more intimate , more like you are there watching a band of veterans level the place . What makes these two shows so complimentary is that not only do the different running times and settings show you different aspects of the bands gigs but there is almost no overlap and ya got ta be happy with that.Slim pickins ' come booklet time , just a fold out montage of photographs from the tour really , but the music is strong and played with verve and the production is solid across the board . If you are a fan of this band and uncertain if you need another DAD live release I would wholeheartedly recommend buying this and it 's probably a good entry point for the newcomer given the visual aspect of the DVD 's .
 If you like D : A :D you 'll love this live CD/DVD . If you like good Rock N ' Roll then you like this CD/DVD . I 've been a D : A :D fan for years , unfortunately living in the US has meant that I have never seen them live . So this CD/DVD is my only chance to see/hear them in a live setting . I 'm not sure if they fix some things in the studio or not , but they sound really good live . Now I can just hope they will play a gig in the US.It 's a must have for your collection .
 If you have n't ever heard Casiotone for the Painfully Alone , I 'd highly recommend first buying Twinkle Echo -LRB- the best , most emotional CFTPA album -RRB- to see if you like the sound . I only say that because this is of course two full discs full of songs , some of which can be acquired tastes from after becoming a fan of CFTPA . But if -LRB- and when -RRB- you like Twinkle Echo , you 'll for sure find these discs fun too .
 It 's hard to imagine music better than this . Errr . Well . Something like that anyway.Really simple music , low-fi , extremely creative lyrics . The only downside is that it gives me a headache after an hour or so . But then again , I think that adds to the experience .
 I knew the minute I saw Hot Fuzz , I would be picking up the soundtrack . It 's a fun , upbeat listen I 've gone back to over and over . Like the soundtrack for Shaun of the Dead , sound bites from the movie are interspersed in with the music , often setting up the next song . Do n't be put off by the higher price for this import version . It has 8 more tracks than the U.S. release . The actual track list for this soundtrack is :1 . `` Theme from Hot Fuzz '' - David Arnold2 . `` Goody Two Shoes '' - Adam Ant3 . `` Sgt. Rock -LRB- Is Going to Help Me -RRB- '' - XTC4 . `` Village Green Preservation Society '' - The Kinks5 . `` Solid Gold Easy Action '' - T.Rex6 . `` Baby Fratelli '' - The Fratellis7 . `` Blockbuster '' - The Sweet8 . `` Dance with the Devil '' - Cozy Powell9 . `` Slippery Rock 70 's '' - Stavely Makepeace10 . `` Uncle Derek `` 11 . `` Night of Fear '' - The Move12 . `` I Ca n't Control Myself '' - The Troggs13 . `` Fire '' - The Crazy World of Arthur Brown14 . `` Kick out the Jams '' - Tubthumper15 . `` Lethal Fuzz -LSB- Osymyso Remix -RSB- '' - John Eric Alexander16 . `` Avenging Angel '' - Robert Rodriguez17 . `` Souljacker , Part 1 '' - Eels18 . `` Caught by the Fuzz '' - Supergrass19 . `` Solid Gold Easy Action '' - The Fratellis20 . `` What did you think of that ? `` 21 . `` Here Come the Fuzz '' - Jon Spencer & the Elegant Trio22 . `` Hot Fuzz Suite '' - David Arnold
 This is really a great CD . The music is so good . You must be a big fan of the film to really appreciate it because there is dialog inserted with the music .
 This cd basically contains all the music from the movie . All the music is fun and also has the action element to it . The last track , the score , is great . I recommend this to anyone who liked hot fuzz .
 Any movie than can put a soundtrack behind the action which includes Sweet and T-Rex is a work of cultural art . Having sat through the movie today I was elated when people were being pursued and killed with such an awesome selection of songs all of which were cleverly edited and poignant.I was genuinely spellbound ; I had my teenage years back for a joyous 2 hours . I am nearly 50 and this type of movie is not my fancy but I dragged my wife along and at the end we both agreed we 'd love to see it again on the big screen because the visual and aural impact was tremendous.The plot is touching , funny , cleaver and deserves more than one viewing . Do n't be put off by the violence , it is almost like watching a cartoon in places and most of it is probably CGI anyway.Although I am Australian I understand British comedy more than American sledgehammer comedy . My wife and I agreed as we left the cinema that this movie would have been given an overkill treatment if done by Americans . The British jokes are there for you to discover at various levels . No-one is telling you when to laugh like in the formulaic American dross which comes out annually . Hot Fuzz is a joke name on various levels , let alone some of the obscure references and hidden pearls in the script.The setting of this movie is a little claustrophobic at times . The town square although real gets well and truly worked to death . The product placement is not subtle but I suppose they had to raise the capital somehow.Having been in Somerset in 2006 I am surprised I did n't get to see any of the production for this movie around the town of Wells they must have been able to keep things very quiet.In Australia we would classify this movie as a `` right royal piss-take '' which to an American is probably an unknown quantity but the Brits probably know what us Aussies mean.I hope to see it again soon ; I am buying the soundtrack CD , what more can you want from a movie that is supposed to entertain.The hype is genuine this time.Tom WynnStocktonAustralia
 A fantastic variety of modern flamico guitar classics with a series of virtuoso performances by a truly great guitarist that Americans , for the most part , are unaware of .
 I have to say , that I actually feel like an idiot for purchasing this item , without reading the details . I own every Paco Album and did n't realize that this was a greatest hits CD , like the Anthology CD 's . So my bad for not paying attention . I must say that it is quite misleading when record company 's re-hash the same CD 's with different titles and covers . I seriously thought that this was a new release . Oh well , I guess I can give it away as a gift .
 Firstly , I should say that I do not own this collection . However , since I either do own or have heard all the pieces on it , I venture to add some information.Firstly , an enlarged track listing , showing the styles of the pieces and their sources and dates :01 -RRB- Buler&iacute;as Almoraima fromAlmoraima -LRB- 1976 -RRB- 02 -RRB- Canci&oacute;n de Amor fromZyryab -LRB- 1990 -RRB- 03 -RRB- Sole&aacute; Gloria al Ni & ntilde ; o Ricardo fromSiroco -LRB- 1987 -RRB- 04 -RRB- Tangos S&oacute;lo Quiero Caminar fromSolo Quiero Caminar -LRB- 1981 -RRB- 05 -RRB- Fandangos Punta Umbr&iacute;a fromFabulosa guitarra -LRB- 1967 -RRB- 06 -RRB- Rumba R&iacute;o ancho from Almoraima07 -RRB- Danza Ritual del Fuego -LSB- Falla -RSB- fromFalla -LRB- 1978 -RRB- 08 -RRB- Buler&iacute;as Compadres from Zyryab09 -RRB- Taranta Fuente y caudal fromFuente y Caudal -LRB- 1978 -RRB- 10 -RRB- Tanguillos Casilda from Siroco11 -RRB- Buler&iacute;a Cepa Andaluza from Fuente y Caudal12 -RRB- Rumba Improvisada from Recital de Guitarra -LRB- 1971 -RRB- 01 -RRB- Zyryab from Zyryab02 -RRB- Guajiras de Luc&iacute;a from Fantas&iacute;a Flamenca -LRB- 1969 -RRB- 03 -RRB- Sevillanas El Cobre from Almoraima04 -RRB- Colombiana Monasterio de Sal from Solo Quiero Caminar05 -RRB- Rumba Ca & ntilde ; a de az&uacute;car from Siroco06 -RRB- Alegr&iacute;as Barrio La Vi & ntilde ; a from Duende Flamenco -LRB- 1972 -RRB- 07 -RRB- T&iacute;o Sabas from Zyryab08 -RRB- Alegr&iacute;as La barrosa from Siroco09 -RRB- Ronde & ntilde ; a Cueva del Gato from Almoraima10 -RRB- Chiquito from Live ... One Summer Night -LRB- 1984 -RRB- 11 -RRB- Malague & ntilde ; as En La Caleta from Fabulosa guitarra12 -RRB- Rumba Entre dos aguas from Fuente y Caudal13 -RRB- Concierto de Aranjuez -LSB- Rodrigo -RSB-
 Zubin Mehta is in town with the Los Angeles Philharmonic celebrating his 50th anniversary of his debut as music director of the orchestra and of particular note he recreated his original debut program
 This is truly an amazing find . I 've never heard such spontaneously fun music before . You can tell that the artists were having a ball when they recorded this CD . They put the `` Good Time '' back in good time music . In addition to the great performances , the recording is of exceptional quality . The engineer really knew what he was doing . If you want a real treat , buy this CD . If you want to throw your money away , buy something else .
 Hey ladies and gents , check this CD out . The Knucklehead Jug Band 's CD , `` Incognito '' is an excellent collection of jug band music with an outstanding ensemble of musicians and vocalists . A lot of old good time music here and an outstanding engineering and producing job from the legendary Rick Sutton . Grab a beer , your lady and enjoy the evening with these great old tunes . Check it out !!!!!! They just dont make em like this anymore . Five Stars ...
 I 'm sorry but as anybody knows ... the blood brothers is an acquired taste . if you do n't believe me , then get whatever album you have obtained of theirs and try to play it to your comrades . chances are most are too distracted by the intensity of both the musical and vocal content to actually give them a chance . truth is they are really talented musicians , and cheers to a band that has a true punk sound
 One of the most brilliant punk albums I 've ever heard , `` March On Electric Children '' is my second favorite Blood Brothers album , right behind their swan song , `` Young Machetes . '' I 'm not sure what the other reviewer was talking about below , I think the production is wonderful on this album , making songs that could have seemed samey all have distinct personalities . Every instrument sounds glittering and wonderful , except for a few intentionally lo-fi moments ... The Blood Brothers are certainly an acquired taste ; at this point in their career -LRB- this was their 2nd full-length CD -RRB- , the vocals are almost 100 % screamo , the songs are short , fast and dense -LRB- except the wonderful piano-and-screaming-only finale `` American Vultures '' which sounds like it was done in one take with no overdubs -RRB- . But is it `` Punk '' in the traditional sense ? The lyrics are poetic , stream-of-consciousness , and full of shock value -LRB- I ca n't even quote my favorite lines here ! -RRB- The arrangements are ultra-complex , full of maniac drums , polyrhythmic guitar parts , thundering , ever-changing bass lines , and Morgan Henderson 's ovverdubbed keyboard sounds , which are hilarious and add the right touch to songs such as `` Mr. Electric Ocean . `` My favorite cuts have to be the manic and insane `` Kiss Of The Octopus '' ... the rip-roaring `` Siamese Gun '' -LRB- about a surrealistic trial -RRB- and the rousing opener `` Birth Skin/Death Leather . '' The Blood Brothers can fit more energy and ideas into two minutes then most groups can think of for a whole album ... If you can get through the dense Art-Punk arrangements , intentionally in-your-face vocals -LRB- remember that Rock Music has a great history of screaming -RRB- , and opaque lyrics , you 're in for a fascinating treat
 I got ta admit that I was kind of disappointed when I first got this album because of the sound being so terrible , of course the Blood Brothers turn everything louder than everything else so there 's going to be a great deal of sonic murk , but the guitar sound is awful . The drums are crisp and the bass sounds fine but whenever the guitars kick in it goes a bit haywire . Of course you may find this a turn on if you 're into ` underground ' type stuff , but after the proficient , clear production on ` this adultery is ripe ' I just thought this was a case of wasted potential.That said , this is a great album despite only being 24 or so minutes and 9 tracks -LRB- this ai n't prog rock . . -RRB- and while some of the songs blend a little due to similar riffs , the lyrics to each are distinctive and there are some great pop hooks -LRB- oh no ! -RRB- hidden in the emo/thrash/grind / whatever chaos.One track disobeys everything I said before by being precisely as clear as it needs to be and by sounding nothing like any of the other tracks . `` American Vultures '' , featuring the two vocalists screaming urgently over a pounding piano line , brings to mind Birthday Party-era Nick Cave . It 's one of the best Blood Brothers tracks and points towards the ` cabaret ' elements of ` Crimes ' . But I guess that 's not a cool album cause it 's on a major label , right ?
 Very happy with this CD . The quality and the arrangement of instruments is beautiful , I love the dulcimer and mandolin . I enjoy listening to the mix of peaceful and uplifting compositions .
 These beautiful old hymns played on a dulcimer are wonderful in every way . You cann ' t listen without humming or singing
 This is a beautiful CD . Simple but lovely arrangements of classic hymns performed on hammered dulcimer , violin , guitar , mandolin , dobro , flute , and harp . The fiddle player in particular is spectacular , but all the artists are amazing . Agree with the previous reviewer that you ca n't listen without humming or singing along . Several of the tracks are already some of my favorite hymns -LRB- Be Thou My Vision , It Is Well -RRB- , but even some of my less favorite ones sound amazing in these arrangements . I 'm pretty sure this is what heaven will sound like .
 Great listening and toe-tapping instrumental music . I can listen to it 2 or 3 times in a row .
 The rapper responsible for the hilarious 1994 hit `` Funk Dat '' in which he complains -LRB- in his trademark whiny style -RRB- about repetitive radio stations , distrustful bank employees , his lack of success with chicks , and a neighbor who believes that he is responsible for the turmoil in her daughter 's life . Other good cuts include `` Bitties '' and `` Lovestuf -LRB- Ghetto Mix -RRB- '' . As far as I know , this album is not supposed to be intentionally funny , but Sagat 's whiny , nonsensical rapping style , and the some of the silly , mundane things that he raps about do make it quite hilarious .
 My belly dance teacher suggested this CD to me . It is beautiful ! Be careful , if you do use this for danceing . One of the songs is from a sex sceen .
 It 's amazing to me that a recording like this should be allowed to be deleted . Richter 's live performances of both Pictures and the Etudes on this disc are incredible and illuminating . And what a brilliant pairing - two sets of pieces which are both designed as descriptions of scenes.The Pictures on this CD is a far cry from the more familiar Sofia recording made just two years later . While the Sofia performance is brilliant , it is extremely erratic and unstable . The performance at Prague in 1956 is , however , much more controlled . As a result , Richter 's musical ideas are much more clearly presented - and there are n't nearly as many memory slips . The sound quality , unfortunately , is not the best -LSB- similar to the recent Music and Arts re-release of Richter 's Liszt concerti radio performances -RSB- , but if you can overlook a little wobbling in the sound , there are treasures galore in this recording . In my opinion , this is the best Richter recording -LSB- if not THE best recording period -RSB- of Musorgsky 's masterpiece.The Etudes-Tableaux , by contrast , are from a much older Richter . Recorded in 1984 , at a time when he rarely gave public performances , Richter shows that he has only improved with age . Although his sound in later years became a bit brittle , and his touch a bit harsh , the playing on this CD is nothing but superb , with an emotional intensity that can still be felt after nearly 20 years ...
 As I rank the Sofia version of Mouss ... pictures a ` version-on-a-desert-island ' I give this version a rate 4 . The illumination of this interpretation is less striking.The tableaux on the other hand I will rate 5 with no hesitation.Every item of the Praga collection should be owned by Richter 's fans as they all reveal something.Gerard Moris -LRB- 45 -RRB-
 I heard this recording at a friend 's house and was blown away by the power and brilliance of conception of this `` Pictures '' . I 'm devastated that it 's out of print .
 `` Catastrophe Keeps Us Together '' was actually the first Rainer Maria album that I purchased . After hearing `` Catastrophe '' , I immediately went out & bought the CD . Caithlin De Marrais has one of the most haunting and elegant voices that I 've heard in a long time . The music and lyrics of this CD are so well written , that it 's definitely one of the best cds so far of 2006 . I rated ths songs on this album on a scale of 1 to 5 . Catastrophe - 5/5 -LRB- A solid song to start the album with . -RRB- Life of Leisure - 5/5Burn - 3/5Bottle - 4/5Terrified - 5/5 -LRB- Excellent Song ! -RRB- Cities Above -LRB- Mainly Instrumental -RRB- Already Lost - 5/5Clear and True - 4/5I 'll make you Mine - 5/5 -LRB- My personal favorite . -RRB- Southpaw - 5/5 -LRB- Another favorite of mine . -RRB- I 'll Keep it With Mine - 2/5 -LRB- Bob Dylan Cover , not perfect , yet . . they still did a decent job with it . -RRB-
 For those who found Rainer Maria 's last full length release to be `` too poppy '' , Catastrophe Keeps Us Together should be well received . The latest release from the trio delves into a more conceptual piece with the `` Cities Above '' interlude serving as a motif throughout the album as well as a haunting Dylan tribute with `` I 'll Keep It With Mine '' . While the opening tracks `` Catastrophe '' and `` Life of Leisure '' keep the upbeat sound of Long Knives Drawn , it 's toned down enough to suit the sensitive lyrics of the tracks . Without reverting back to the sometimes brash experimental sound of their past nor keeping with a pop format , Catastrophe Keeps Us Together appears as a fully evolved artwork for Rainer Maria .
 A near perfect album that strikes a remarkable balance between the powerful and plaintive . With such brilliance of writing this band would make Rilke proud to be their namesake ; my only complaint is that there are no lyrics in the liner notes -LRB- I mean , come on , they named themselves after one of the greatest poets of the 20th century -RRB- ! Since you ca n't read the poetry , shut out the world and listen carefully to every word sung on this CD . These are songs of such profound sincerity they will weaken the heart with recognition.Stand out tracks
 Not a whole lot of CDs have a heavenly mix of edge and a very melodic sound . This CD has just that mix . The vocals are also very strong . They have gone away from any emo roots , but that does n't mean the passion is gone . This is a must-have CD .
 i 've been a fan of rainer maria 's since they wrote that unforgettable tune ` artificial light ' . their previous album , long knives drawn was my go-to music to any day i was having , i was obsessed -LRB- sorry neighbors -RRB- . and now they release catastrophe keeps us together . it is by far the BEST rainer maria album . they 've grown up in all senses , as a band and as individuals , and you can tell . it still astonishes me that this is a 3 piece . yeah kyle is n't singing on this record , but when i want my kyle-singing fix i just go to their live shows as i 'm guaranteed to hear some old tunes.be prepared neighbors , as this is not leaving my stereo !
 This album is a few years old but but has really stood the test of time
 I had been a latecomer to Rainer Maria , discovering them after seeing their `` Ears Ring '' video . Shortly thereafter , they released this album and disbanded . I loved `` Ears Ring '' and , to be honest , was disappointed with most of their earlier offerings , in which the songs seemed to lack any kind of cohesion . I had dismissed them as a band that has a couple of great songs , but the rest was `` meh '' . Then , I heard `` Life Of Leisure '' from this album , and I loved it , but thought it might be the one-off good song . Then I heard `` Catastrophe '' and thought `` Hm , an album with two great tracks . '' Then I heard a third great song , and a fourth , and a fifth , and , and , and , and ... . In short , I love this album . It is one of those that stands head and shoulders above anything else I 've heard . It 's like the band saved their very best songs for their last album , and I do n't think a day goes by where I do n't hear at least one of the songs from this . This is brilliance in audio form . This is definitely one of my top ten favorite albums of the 2000s .
 Simply wonderful - song structure , vocals , musicianship and production . I heard they broke up but hope that Caithlin De Marrais will stay close to a microphone .
 Great , it 's about time for this trios return . Really layered , but still powerful . Caithlins vocals are still devastatingly beautiful , but more sophisticated than on previous outings . Kyle 's input is equally dramatic and pulls the album along a thru-line that allows the band space , but still maintains focus . Nice one
 If you are already a fan , you will love this new album . Less heavy guitar and more vocals , it is an easy and pleasant listen.One of thier best !
 Naio Ssaion comes from Slovenia . Slovenia is a small country high in the Alps , with a very small Mediterranean shoreline . It was historically part of the Kingdom of Hungary inside the Austro-Hungarian Empire . It borders Austria , Croatia , Hungary , and Italy.That may seem like a strange way to start a review but placing the country helps make sense of the band . Naio Ssaion 's style is metal , but it 's the metal of the Austrian-German tradition -LRB- as opposed to the Dutch-Scandinavian tradition -RRB- . Its songs are often catchy but generally have 4/4 time signatures and conventional rock structures . It 's a female-fronted band that uses occasional death growls for color . Much of this will be familiar to readers of this review.But ... Naio Ssaion features a violin . While many symphonic metal bands make use of classic violin , Rok Kolar plays his electric violin in a hard fiddling style . Much of his work reminds me of gypsy-influenced Hungarian songs . Both his solos and much of his countermelody playing have a kind of foot-stomping Csarda feel to them . Again , this is in a metal band in the German-Austrian tradition.Lead vocals are sung by Barbara Jedovnicky , who does a good job but she 's not in the top tier of female metal leads . Having said that , Jedovnicky has a singing style that reminds me of Christina Scabbia 's normal singing voice -LRB- Scabbia does some different things in higher registers that Jedovnicky does n't do -RRB- . Remember , Slovenia borders Italy as well as Austria and Hungary , and that completes our geography of musical influences.I do n't think Jedovnicky sounds at all like Amy Lee , by the way , despite what some other reviewers say . Listen to her in the European context instead of the American one.But now , back to the band . Metal with a female lead and a crazy fiddler , playing rock and roll . It all works . It 's interesting , and at times impressive . Check it out .
 I was drifting around myspace one day and came upon Naio Ssaion 's page . I listened to each of the 4 songs on their site and was impressed enough to download Out Loud . I was suprised to find even more great songs on it . So much that I could n't find a single song that I did n't like . That 's a rarity even with my favorite bands . I listened this CD several times over the next week , and finally had to buy it as well as a band shirt . Its that good . I 'm even trying to get ahold of their debut album , Numedia.Yes , some will compare them to Evanescence . Really the only similarities are female vocals in a rock band . As has been mentioned before , the electric violin adds quite a lot . Even without it though , Naio Ssaion still has a different , faster , and slightly more complex sound vs Evanescence.Singer Barbara Jedovnicky has a great voice and manages to change things up from song to song to keep things fresh to the end of the CD . Speaking of which , the last song is `` Out of the Great Book of Fairytales '' . An amazing piece lyrically and musically.Out Loud is an example of how good modern rock an be .
 When I first listened to `` Out Loud '' by Naio Ssaion , I was n't quite sure what to make of it . Heck , I did n't even know what to call it . `` Out Loud '' straddles the line between alternative rock , power metal , and symphonic metal , or perhaps it 's something else entirely.Anyway , as I 've listened to it more , it 's grown on me . The weakest part of the album is probably the guitar work , which is played in low-toned staccato style that 's almost relentless at times . If they do another album , I 'd like to see a wider range of guitar-playing styles . That said , the use of the electric violin by Rok Kolar * really * livens things a lot , making the music quite fun.And the vocals of Barbara Jedovnicky are simply brilliant . She has a surprisingly strong voice that is effectively used in a wide range of styles , and she sings with a lot of energy . Her voice is probably the highlight of the album . Stand-out tracks include `` The Mirror '' and `` Bow Link in E minor '' . `` Static '' , `` Miss You '' , `` Shut Up '' , `` Blah-Blah '' , `` Blind Date '' , `` Ca n't Hear You '' , and `` At Ease '' are also quite good.Naio Ssaion is n't the best female-fronted rock band out there , but they 're quite good . `` Out Loud '' is worth a listen . 4 stars .
 Many of the songs remind me of Lennon -LRB- the woman , not the Beatle ... she was named after him -RRB- . Sure , there 's some similarity to Evanescence , especially because of the rather pervasive and heavy nu-metal sound throughout the album . The violin definitely adds an interesting element . While the album is n't flawless , it 's an interesting start and is worth at least a listen .
 To hear someone describe their music , it just sounds unappealing . But that 's where it ends . Their blend of music , with acoustic instruments , and that WONDERFUL violin . It 's musical perfection . The lyrics are powerful . And the instruments blend perfectly . It 's amazing . Give it a listen ! The Mirror , Teen , and Miss You are by far my three favorites .
 I dunno what the folks below are talking about . Voting to balance it out . One weird thing I noticed is that all the songs are well mixed except for The Mirror . Granted this was from Yahoo! Music and all of the other tracks have the same mixing . Everything is kind of muddled and not much range on the one track .
 I too was also shocked by the bad reviews this has gotten . Naio Ssaion do sound like a cross between Evanescence and Lullacry , but what makes them unique to me is the use of violin in every song . I know other bands such as Tristania , Sirenia and the Sins of Thy Beloved use violins as well , but not in every song . Though , Naio SSaion definitely has room to grow and improve this is a solid US debut . It 's fun to listen to and is catchy . Some of the best songs are `` Shut Up , '' being my favorite , `` N.SS , '' `` Miss You , '' `` Blind Date '' and `` At Ease . '' There is a lot of variety on this album . I never hear a song and think , `` Was n't this the first track ? '' I ca n't wait to hear more from this talented band . `` Out Loud '' shows definite potential and I would highly recommend this to any fan of Evanescence , Lullacry or Lacuna Coil .
 I do n't understand the bad reviews that this band is getting . I even bought it before reading the reviews . Luckily , I bought this CD just because the cover had a female vocalist and noticed a violin player . I did n't know what this band was all about but bought it because i 'm into female fronted bands , the symphonic & gothic metal genre . I thought maybe they might be in the symphonic metal genre since they had a violin player but not quit after listening . At first play i thought they sounded pretty cool , and after a few more plays I was hooked . Barbara -LRB- vocalist -RRB- sounds so beautiful , the guitars are heavy and melodic , and the violin just fits with it . The music sounds more gothic metal but not really dark . I would say a cross between Evanescence and Lullacry . `` The Mirror '' and `` Out Of The Great Book Of Wonders '' are the best songs in my opinion followed by `` Shut Up '' , but overall the album is good . For those who are into female fronted metal bands , symphonic metal , and gothic metal ... I highly recommend this album . I ca n't wait for more to come from this great band !!!
 This is a starter kit for New Fans ! Not too deep , but deep enough . Music is great and jazzy . Her voice is raw and unique as only she can do . I have added about 120 songs to my Zune , and i am still finding more stuff . Allot of People are just finding out who she was , and more of her music is being released . Seems like once a week I see another recording released ... wonder if her only child is collecting the funds for the sells ? The highlight is ` touching and caring ' What a wonderful song . Note this is a more upbeat CD . as most of her stuff is very dark . I am so glad I got introduced by Verve Remix 1 , and now I am hooked .
 I highly recommend this recording , especially for her fans , as one of two last studio recordings . This hip , disco style -LRB- sometimes -RRB- set with R&B ; leanings showcases Nina 's ability to tear your insides up with melodic and dramatic skills incomparable in her day . Of special note
 This is a well-known classic music documentary on South Africa . A point of reference as a report and as one of the first explorations of this rich scene . It is mentioned on the ` Graceland ' album cover notes as the place where Paul Simon first saw Ladysmith ! Beautifully produced , edited and shot . Pleasurable !
 This is an excellent documentary not only of the South African music scene , but also about life in Black S/A during the aparthied days while Mandela had yet to be freed . We enjoy the entertaining music along with seeing the horrible conditions that produce this genre . However , if you like this , there is an excellent soundtrack of this documentary that features some music that did not appear in the film that was on a CD from Shanachie records . Y' all need to BRING THAT BACK in print and enjoy .
 This is the excellent soundtrack to the 1970s documentary of the same name about South African music . An excellent introduction to S/A Music . Ladysmith Black Mambazo contributes two really nice tunes -LRB- their second selection is a real toe-tapper -RRB- acapella . There is a lovely instrumental featuring just guitars and congas and an equally sweet gospel song . But the highlights are the live selections from the S/A counterpart to the Apollo Theater from the documentary . The tune that features the Mahotella Queens will get you hooked even if you do n't have a clue of what 's being said . You feel it , though . This is hard to find , but WELL worth the effort .
 This was a huge surprise seeing early Mohotlla Queens and Sipho and Johnny -LRB- Clegg -RRB- in their youthful exhuberance . This is a must for anyone who really loves and wants to understand the uniqueness of South African Music . Follow this with Amandla , perhaps .
 This was some of the best Christmas music I have ever heard , especially for a boys choir . I actually enjoyed it more than the Vienna Boys Choir .
 Seller was very easy to deal with and the item was here so quickly . Thank you !
 This CD simply represents * the * state of the art in saxophone playing . Any saxophonist or fan of the saxophone needs to hear this CD . The ensemble playing and blend is tighter than most string quartets , the timbral spectrum varied and colorful and the tunes rendered with terrific musicianship . I am a saxophonist and composer , and this group gets it . They are hot!B . Boone
 I think the songs on this album sound a little stronger than on other albums . If this is a good thing or not , I ca n't say . All I can say is that the resulting CD is one of my favourite Palace-linked records . I like this one better than Arise Therefore -LRB- with its drum programming -RRB- and almost as much as Viva Last Blues or I see a darkness ! It definitely takes a while to get into this one , but once you 've accomplished that , you 're on for a lifetime of joy ... ah !
 `` Joya '' and `` I See A Darkness '' are utter masterpieces . If you like one then buy the other immediately . The rest of the Oldham oeuvre is worth having too , but these two are the pinnacle .
 At first , it may seem dingy , purposefully clumsy , lame . Occasionally rocking , but nothing special . Then the iris opens , and its perfection is revealed . I have long claimed to not be so crazy about Will Oldham -- `` I like more rockin stuff , less affected stuff '' -- but the truth is , I rarely listen to this album just once through anymore -- I am ALWAYS hitting play once it 's over . You have to give it time , though . Bravo , gentlemen ! Robert Arellano who plays guitar on this just published a novel with Akashic books . And David Pajo ... oh , Pajo !
 If you 're familiar with will oldham , his style , his wit , you might find this album encompassing all ... Like any of his albums , arise therefore primarily , it takes more than one or two listens to really appreciate ... In fact , it took me about a month to really understand its own twisted poignancy - For example on the best friends number , '' ... and brought him to the waterline / , and constrained him while he struggled for air / and as as i pulled him back and kissed him / , and we both went off in a hurry to the fair '' ... his understanding of the dydactic paradox of love and hate are brilliant , backwater , and touching to even the most cynical . Will 's voice throughout the album is so much stronger than it used to be , as he 's created his own sound based upon his earlier pubescent ramblings and those of the cowboys of yore ... my roomate insists that this is music to listen alone to , or at least not while he 's around , if you get my drift ... a must have for palace fans ...
 but not my favorite palace album . That would be There is No One . Anyway , I just spent too much time checking out the reviews for James Blunt , and was befuddled at how many people passionately love him , when he obviously is n't that good . I really think what 's going on there is that people want him to be deep and a genius so they make him one-so they get to listen to `` deep '' music without having to be challenged in any way . I know music is personal , but Blunt is tripe . But here , with Mr. Oldham , I could understand how opinions could defer so widely . His music is difficult , and therefore when you like it , it is really a personal , intimate thing . I love this album , and maybe even if you do n't you could understand how someone could , unlike Mr. Blunt 's pablum .
 this album is brilliant , will oldham is a genious . . one of my favorites , together with I see a darkness . I reccomend this album to anyone who is a fan of relaxing and beautiful music .
 Sequeira Costa is undoubtly one of the best pianists of 20th century . You must buy this cd now . He plays Chopin like few people . He plays this way because his master -LRB- Vianna da Motta -RRB- was one of the last pupils of Franz Liszt and Hans von Bullow . Sequeira Costa was also a pupil of Edwin Fisher , Mark Hamburg , Jacques F&eacute;vrier and Marguerit Long . Now he 's recording the complete cycle of Beethoven 's sonatas to the label VMF , if I were you I would buy all his cd 's now .
 King Sunny Ade playing for royalty . Fela Kuti at home discussing Nigeria 's political situation amid his many wives . Sonny Okosun decked out like a mod doing doughnuts on a motorcycle . Amazing.A snapshot of Nigeria in the 70 's . Nigerian pop stars as well as an introduction to lesser known , equally great musicians.One of the best documentaries I have seen . Do yourself a favor and buy this DVD .
 This video is indeed worth checking out . You get a nice look at the backstreets of Lagos , Nigeria , and then travel up into the rural north of Muslim Nigeria . From a blind urban folk minstrel to earthy electric guitar dance music , to traditional village music , this video will transport you to a time and place you may have never imagined . I 've enjoyed this video many times over the years .
 Early one morning during the annual Argungu Festival in arid northern Nigeria , thousands of bare-chested fishermen carrying nets and gourds rush down the banks of a narrow river . They splash and crowd its muddy waters , while blue-robed musicians glide by in long canoes , beating hypnotically on talking drums to lure the fish to the surface . It is an ancient ritual of the Hausa people that reaches back to the roots of both music and religion . Meanwhile , in a cramped apartment in downtown Lagos , political dissident and Afrobeat star Fela Kuti sits regally on a couch , clad only in bikini briefs and surrounded by three of his 27 wives . Kuti , whose previous home was burned to the ground by a vengeful Nigerian military , speaks forcefully about how music in his country must be used for revolution . Then the jazz - and James Brown-influenced international star lets fly a few funky riffs on his saxophone and sings some lines from his latest protest song.Both these scenes are from `` Konkombe
 The DVD is a good addition to any collection . A review of Nigerian Pop Music scene is at best deficient without any discussion of Chief Commander Ebenezer Obey . Nonetheless , the DVD provides a cursory look of what I had long desired , King Sunny Ade on the stage in the 70s . Though very short , vintage Sunny Ade was great to watch and priceless . All in all , the DVD 's attempt to bridge the past with the current is merely satisfactory . It also has J.O Araba playing one of his tracks . Araba is one of the pioneers of juju music .
 Os minstrels modernos do dia , o chandler de Chris e o curso de Troubadours da loja de convenincia o circuito do festival que espalha seu pr&oacute;prio tipo da povo-rocha bateram a poesia . Explorando a cultura americana do PNF , torcem nossas atividades di&aacute;rias em tirades humorous , provocative , apocalyptic . Definitivamente no sua faixa popular t&iacute;pica , a loja de convenincia Troubadours emprega um som tradicional da povo-rocha aumentado com uma trombeta e uns vocals fmeas soulful que forneam uma folha perfeita aos rants acentuados do sul do chandler pesadamente .
 Mixing together heavily amplified , scorchingly psychedelic guitar licks with the same kind of pastoral , sustained explosiveness that Japan 's Ghost bring to their blend of acoustic , percussive , and woodwind instruments -LRB- and with a healthy appreciation for minor-key Eastern modalities -RRB- the Holy River Family Band have recorded a vast , meditative 2-CD release that is `` Welcome To The Riverhouse '' , their sophomore effort -LRB- though not , like Ghost , filtered through a uniquely Japanese sensibility , as they hail from Sweden -RRB- . A surprisingly diverse amount of ethnic instruments from both the near and far East join traditional bass , drum , keyboards , and guitar to lay down a dense , interwoven , highly textured set of elegantly structured songs , many of which utilize that instrumentation to sound as if part of each track was recorded somewhere in Middle Earth , only to merge together seamlessly with their miked and amplified modern-day descendants . It 's only fitting that the label distributing their music should be called `` Wild Places '' , as there is something , for all of the intricacy of its structure , deeply primeval and barely tamed being communicated through the band 's explorations into cosmic folk.There is a definite tribal vibe to this release -LRB- not the least due to the grooves laid down by the many percussive instruments on almost every song ... and chanting on at least two of the tracks -RRB- combined with the sense of moving through interludes of revelatory ascension as , for example , a piece can mutate from folkish rock to some of the most heavily-warped cosmic raga I 've ever heard -LRB- `` Psalm '' -RRB- . Each of the musicians are at a near-virtuoso level on not only their respective instrument , but display a sense of seasoned expertise on many of the non-Western ones each plays as well . Out of print in the US for years , `` Welcome To The Riverhouse '' is worth grabbing at any price under three digits -LRB- though I managed to pick it up for under $ 20 -RRB- . Other bands call their music `` psychedelic '' , but this is one of the few -LRB- outside of Ghost and a select group of others -RRB- who in an entirely unforced and joyful fashion manage to create music that is definitively so .
 Selection of French pop singer 's hit songs . See the movie , `` La Vie En Rose '' .
 Back To The Egg is Back To The Roots ! , March 4 , 2001I rate `` Back To The Egg '' as one of McCartney & Wings best -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . I rate it with `` Ram '' , `` Wildlife '' & McCartney . It 's production is raw and gives it a live take feel . If you like some good ole rock , this is a good ` n ! ...
 That says it all . Chris Thomas produces a rockin ' McCartney album . It 's my favorite Wings album by far .
 `` Back to the Egg '' contains more great music than any other WINGS collection -LRB- bar WINGSPAN -RRB- . As other reviewers have stated , the vinyl release is a rollercoaster ride of musical style that can be unnerving , but all of the pieces are amazing in their own way . This is some of WINGS best music ever , making it easy to forgive the track layout . Programming this CD to best suit your taste is recommended . Rock fans should select `` Spin it On '' , `` Old Siam , Sir '' , `` Rockestra Theme '' , & `` So Glad to See You Here '' . Softer music lovers would prefer `` Getting Closer '' , `` We 're Open Tonight '' , & `` Arrow Through Me '' . The remaining pieces are also of varying interest . No matter how you slice it , this is outstanding music , perhaps the best WINGS ever produced . Something great for everyone willing to weed through it .
 This album deserved more credit upon release , in 1979 , and it still does . McCartney rocks and the ballad , `` Love Awake '' is beautiful . One of the bonus tracks is `` Daytime Nighttime Suffering '' , one of Paul 's favorite songs .
 ... panned this album . When this album came out in '79 I remember loving it from the word go . I was 12-13 at the time and was just starting to get into rock-n-roll . I 'm 41 now and when I see two-star ratings I just shake my head and wonder how good all of those other Wings albums must be -LRB- I 've only ever owned BTTE and BOTR and Greatest Hits -RRB- . The thing is , I do n't even like ` better ' albums like Band On The Run . I can hardly stand to listen to it when I have a choice of it or Back To The Egg . The choice is clear.As for Disco songs , I do n't really hear Disco in anything here . This is a rockin ' album . Favorite songs are ` Getting Closer ' , ` Old Siam Sir ' , ` So Glad To See You Here ' and others . Listen , I do n't buy albums unless the entire thing is good and , well , it 's been almost 30 years and this is still something I listen to all of the time - like right now for instance.If you own other McCartney work and are afraid to buy this because of some `` expert 's '' review , just remember Vegetative-State Retarded Critics are everywhere .
 This is a great WINGS album . There 's lots of variety , but mostly it rocks . There was huge potential for this final WINGS line up had they continued , but unfortunately , it did n't happen that way . I give it four and a half stars because , well , it is n't perfect ...
 This has always been one of my all time favorite albums . I own most of the wings catalogue . Nothing matches Band On The Run of course , BUT i personally feel that Back To The Egg is an overlooked gem in the Paul McCartney discography . -LRB- See wingspan , only Rockestra theme made it to that collection despite 2 of the hits hitting the top 40 from the album -RRB- We start off with `` Reception '' which is a nice instrumental which somewhat segues into the first of the 2 hits `` Getting Closer '' . I like the other hit better , -LRB- Whats with the lyric , `` My salamander '' -RRB- Next is a typical Paul song in `` We 're Open Tonight '' I can actually see him trying to bring customers into a bar while singing it to them . `` Spin It On '' is next -LRB- flip to Getting Closer -RRB- Quite good fast rocker , Followed by `` Again and Again and Again '' I like the dual vocals by Paul & the song 's author Denny Laine . I love the line `` I 'm giving in to all my expectations , the day you walked out of my life '' Next up is another flipside `` Old Siam Sir '' -LRB- Flip to Arrow Through Me -RRB- I like the song but it gets pretty repetitave . `` Arrow Through Me '' was the other single off the album . Charting lower , but structurally a better song than Getting Closer . Good sarcastic breakuip song ! The instrumental `` Rockestra Theme '' is next and signals the downward spiral ! The only 2 good songs of the rest of the proper release is `` After The Ball/Million Miles '' & `` So Glad To See You Here '' The rest suffer and are ok once in a while but i usually skip them.BONUS TRACKS : Daytime Nighttime Suffering is a good b-side and should have been on an album to start with . The 2 x-mas singles are nice to have but annoying . At least one good thing about it though ! He at least re-releases albums with bonus tracks , some groups do n't even do that ! -LRB- AC/DC !!! -RRB- Rudolph is the better of the two IMHO.BTW the `` triumphs '' i mention ? i think this album beats the crap out of songs like `` Jet '' , `` Live & Let Die '' & `` Silly Love Songs `` Please visit and rate my other reviews
 This album is definitely Wings ' most underrated album . Other than the two medleys and Spin It On , everything is good . Getting Closer , Arrow Through Me , So Glad To See You Here , Rockestra Theme , and Old Siam Sir are all excellent songs . Denny Laine 's Again and Again is a strong contribution from him.I do n't have the CD with the bonus tracks , so I do n't know how those are , other than Wonderful Christmas Time , which is a Christmas season staple on the radio .
 This was the first Paul McCartney record I bought many years ago . I remember that the sales were not as good as Paul had got use to but the radio play was high . It became a personal favorite of mine after a few listens and by the time CDs came out I was dire need to replace those worn out grooves . Every one of my friends that I played it for liked it , but they had a preconceived idea that they would n't due to some negative reviews at the time of release . If you only have one Paul McCartney and Wings recording this should be the other .
 For those of you who think all Paul ever did was sappy love songs . Get this . Paul really goes out on a limb on this one and unfortunately did n't hit the charts very high so he abandoned this unique album . I do n't think you can find another one like it anywhere . `` Getting Closer '' , `` Old Siam , Sir '' , `` Again and Again and Again '' , `` Spin It On '' , `` To You '' , `` Rockestra Theme '' , & `` So Glad to See You Here '' rank as some of his best rockers since `` Helter Skelter '' . `` Arrow Through Me '' was a minor hit , but check out `` Winter Rose '' it 's a melody that has never left me . Egg is my favorite Paul album.Listen to it at least twice for full effect.Cool cover .
 Back to the egg is a Wings classic.Mccartney and company went back to their rockin roots for this one folks ! Great lyrics and excellent guitar playing makes this must have cd for all Paul Mccartney and Wings fans . A real gem , do n't miss out on this one !
 First off I am very sad to see that some Beatles/Mac fans seem to be somewhat dissapointed in this release . I for one was very dissapointed that the album and its single `` Getting Closer '' did not do very well at least here in the Philly market on its release . The album starts to rock immediately upon pressing start or dropping the diamond for us record junkies . This is a very well put together album that has great rocking tracks as well as its softer side like `` Arrow Thru Me '' . Dennys `` Again And Again And Again '' make this a TRUE Wings album and not just a McCartney with other musicians playing on it . I do not think this album dissapoints in anyway and I actually find myself playing this one over other Mac and Wings releases . The worst part of this album is that it was the last Wings release . Wings jelled very well on this and in saying this at that time I was waiting in hope the next Wings release , sadly not to be . This is more then an album to complete a collection . I believe it would only take twice to play it and you will be hooked . Without a doubt well worth the purchase and I have to admit I do like it better and it sounds even more together then Venus And Mars and At The Speed Of Sound . Two releases that I would also give 5 stars to as well .
 This one has always flown under the radar , even at the time of its original release . It did go to # 6 on the Billboard LP charts , but it did n't generate a big single and did n't distinguish itself in any particular way . It 's just sort of lost among Macca 's work.Shame really , because I think a lot of people are missing out on an entertaining album . While I 'll admit it does n't have the knockout punch of a killer song or three , there is an atmosphere to this LP that is unlike anything else that Macca -LRB- or anyone else , for that matter -RRB- released . I think it 's best listened as an `` experience '' , straight through from beginning to end . The claim that it is composed of `` forced rockers '' and `` Manilow-esque ballads '' is pretty far-fetched . I think the two mini-medleys , After The Ball/Million Miles and Winter Rose/Love Wake , are both brilliant , particularly the way the haunting Winter Rose beautifully segues into Love Wake , a truly magnificent moment . In fact , I think this album has some of Macca 's best ballad 's ; certainly his most overlooked.Anyway , if you like McCartney and have n't heard this , you would be wise not to dismiss it out of hand . For the open-minded , there are treasures and pleasures here , if you can give it the time and attention of listening all the way through .
 This is Wings last album . Most likely because of Paul 's stupidity of taking reefer to Japan . Who knows what he and Laurence Juber could have accomplished . This is a great Rock album . Paul 's bass playing is steller , playing on the new Yamaha bass for this album . Songs like `` To You '' and `` Spin It On '' have a cool gritty feel that was missing in some of the earlier Wings efforts . Then he really throws a sweet little song in there `` Arrow Through Me '' with great melody and cool brass -LRB- this song was covered by a jazz artist who really made it tasty sounding -RRB- . There is a medley of songs on the back side of this -LRB- side 2 of the vinyl version , side one was called sunny side up , side two was over easy -RRB- that sounds like the Red Rose Speedway Medley . Also , there are a few songs on here that have an `` all star band '' called `` Rockestra '' who got togehter I think around a benefit concert and threw a couple of jam session in thats pretty cool if you like that sort of stuff . The best being `` So Glad To See You Here '' . Then to finish off the album -LRB- the original version -RRB- he adds a nice touch with `` Baby 's Request '' . This is reminds us of `` You Gave Me The Answer '' off of `` Venus and Mars '' and leads us back down the road to the Beatles `` Your Mother Should Know '' and `` Honey Pie '' . Paul is excellent in this 20 's and 30 's style of music and I personally wish he would record some more in this vein on his newer stuff . Paul doing his thing with a touch of Beatle on the side , which we all love .
 First of all this review is worthless AND all reviews really are . Everybodies taste is a product of their personal conditioning . How is one going to relate from one conditioning to the other ... it 's as simple as that . Having said that here 's my 2 cents worth . This CD is good . People like to put Mac down ... it 's a common pasttime . This is a good band , tight , harder rocking than a typ Mac . Of course theres sugar too . If you like Mac - and you know that by now - you 'll like it , perhaps a lot . In fact , it 's much better than most will attest to . You want some dirt ? OK The vocals are too high in the mix for a rock album . Pauly sings like a freakin angel and that softens it up a bit too much in places . He should have lowered the vocals in the mix on the rocker numbers and turned up the bloody getar ! Plus it would n't hurt to smoke a lot of pot and drink a bunch of rusty nails the night before to sound like a proper rockin knothead . He must of learned this lesson later on cause he apparently did it later . In summary - theres a lot of variety and fun on this CD . Underrated . I remember it as a soundtrack to my life for the first month is came out . And a soundtrack again when the CD reissued to replace all the scratches on the record . Enjoy it for christsakes and quite analizing it .
 First of all , I 'm a Paul fan . I like all of his albums . This one is my favorite . The only Paul album that ever took me more than one listen to warm up to , however.I think that the rockers `` Getting Closer , '' `` Spin It On , '' `` Old Siam , Sir , '' `` Yo You , '' `` So Glad to See You Here , '' and `` Rockestra Theme '' are all top notch . If this album had been a hit the remainder of Paul 's career may have been much different . Songs like this prove that he can write rockers that are n't formulamtic . I think all these songs are very original and do n't really sound like attempts at anyone elses style.The Snatches are all all cool . Reception , We 're Open Tonight , the talking part on side two all add to the aura of the record.As for the ballads . `` Arrow Through Me '' grows on you.The Medley on side two is nothing but beautiful : After the Ball/Million Miles / Winter Rose/Love Awake . Winter Rose has a melody that has stuck with me for life.The only clunk on this album is the ending . Baby 's Request is just awful . Luckily they included Paul 's best solo song , `` Daytime Nightime Suffering . '' -LRB- They also included his disasterous Christmas singles -RRB- So program this CD to skip Baby 's request and play Daytime Nightime suffering instead . Then cut it off before Wonderful Christmastime and you 've got a 5 star album .
 Perhaps you do n't agree BACK TO THE EGG is one of melody master Paul McCartney 's best albums , but you should admit this 1979 release is his most under-rated . If `` Who Are You '' was Pete Townsend 's response to late-70s punk rockers who thought they were taking over , then high-energy BACK TO THE EGG songs like `` To You , '' `` Old Siam Sir , '' `` Spin It On , '' `` So Glad To See You Here '' and `` Getting Closer '' comprised Paul McCartney 's answer . Right on , Paul ! BACK TO THE EGG 's CD bonus tracks include the great flip-side `` Daytime Nighttime Suffering '' and the now-holiday standard , `` Wonderful Christmas Time , '' making the CD version more valuable . Get BACK TO THE EGG , get BACK TO THE EGG , get BACK TO THE EGG to where it should belong - your stereo .
 I remember hearing `` Egg '' for the first time and thinking , this is the McCartney I remembered ! This album rocks and as Paul is wont to do , it gets all sweet and melodic . Variety makes a complete album and the best Beatle albums had a mix of both . Paul always gets slammed for his syrupy side but I LOVE his music and this album is the slick rendition of `` Both Pauls . '' So make your own opinion but be wary o ' th ' critics .
 ... certainly in the UK . It was considered DREADFUL by the DJ 's who were probably ready to bury Wings after a strong period of hit making . They succeeded . The album blipped on the charts and sank without trace.Which was a shame . The album certainly lacks a theme and is more a collection of numbers on the one disk - some you will like and some are maybe not to your taste but there are some strong things going on here . The `` Rockestra '' really rocks with a simple riff where everyone is clearly just having a loosely conducted -LRB- sort of -RRB- jam . `` So Glad to See You Here '' is a rock number even John Lennon might have agreed to play on -LRB- ! -RRB- and if you close your eyes and imagine John singing lead with a sneer - it is close to a Beatles number written at the end when they were writing apart but sometimes singing each other 's songs.Paul also indulges himself with a few soft shoe numbers . `` Baby 's Request '' and `` The Broadcast '' are probably why the DJ 's panned the album -LRB- in `` The Broadcast '' they might have a point ! -RRB- . Problem is that Paul does n't really have the voice to carry off `` Baby 's Request '' but a lot of people interpreted `` Yesterday '' and this song would be open to other voices giving it a try out.In fact many of the Wing 's theme albumns contain their fair share of duds but it is lost in the overall effect . Yes - Back to the Egg is uneven but as long as you do n't expect a theme - there are probably more tunes you will like individually compared to the average Wing 's album and it is an interesting swansong to the end of Paul 's formal named bands .
 Yeah yeah the material is inconsistent , but the vibe is great . Paul himself disses this album , but what does he know ? Are you gon na trust his taste ? It was produced by the same guy who did the first Pretenders album -LRB- Chris Thomas -RRB- , and it shows . The sound is cool , and the band does indeed rock . I love Arrow Thru Me too , for its Stevie tendencies .
 `` London Town '' had been quite a flop in 1978 . Followed by the departures of a lead guitarist and a drummer , it had been hated by some critics who had seen in this LP a light-weighted side of Paul McCartney writing catchy tunes with a lot of synthesiser and acoustic soft rock work -LRB- hence `` With A Little Luck '' , the biggest hit -RRB- . So Paul and Linda -LRB- together with guitarist Denny Laine -RRB- formed a new line-up of Wings , with drummer Steve Holly and guitarist Laurence Juber and worked in an album that sounded almost completely different than the previous one , bringing on brilliant moments of energetic rock and electrifying , strong and powerful guitar work , of course , combined with the omnipresent sweet pop side that McCartney wanted to show to the world.Even the links that serve to make the album a listening experience rather than a simple collection of songs -LRB- `` Reception '' , `` Rockestra Theme '' and `` The Broadcast '' -RRB- are well-structured and serve their purpose . `` Rockestra Theme '' , in particular , along with `` So Glad To See You Here '' , are played by an enormous rock-orchestra formed by Wings members joined by an all-star cast , with Pink Floyd 's David Gilmour and Led Zeppelin 's John Bonham and John Paul Jones between them . They sound strong , powerful and uplifting . `` Getting Closer '' is another high point of the album , sustained by the impeccable guitar basis that 's kept through the whole LP . Some hard-rock tracks -LRB- the amazingly strong `` Old Siam , Sir '' , an unfairly forgotten classic ; and the lirically poor `` To You '' -RRB- are glued with some soft songs -LRB- `` We 're Open Tonight '' -RRB- , somewhat teenager , sweet , catchy pop tracks -LRB- `` Again And Again And Again '' , the only Denny Laine contribution to this LP -RRB- , experiments in the fields of synthesiser-delivered music -LRB- `` Arrow Through Me '' -RRB- , straight punk -LRB- believe it or not , `` Spin It On '' is a great example of that -RRB- ; and bluesy jams -LRB- `` After The Ball/Million Miles '' and the haunting , beautiful closing `` Baby 's Request '' -RRB- . There 's even time for a little classical suite that might remind you of the medioeval times -LRB- `` Winter Rose/Love Awake '' -RRB- . The album , although varied in its musical styles , is capable of mantaining a line that does n't change while you 're listening . It 's a perfect chain to be heard again , and again , and again ... As for the bonus tracks , `` Daytime , Nightime Suffering '' could have easily been the A-side of the current single `` Goodnight Tonight '' , as it 's a great rocking tune , with a nice and catchy melody . And `` Wonderful Christmastime '' and `` Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reggae '' sound more like experimental solo work by Paul McCartney playing with his instruments at home than finished and impeccable music work like the rest of the album . They should have been added to `` McCartney II '' instead.But even with those mistakes , `` Back To The Egg '' represents a surprising turn in the carrer of Wings as a band . Some may say that this album did n't have chart hits , and maybe that 's why Wings broke up and Paul released `` McCartney II '' in 1980 as a solo artist . Others say that this album is lirically one of the weakest Paul ever released . But they all have to recognize the musical quality and the care taken in the excellent production -LRB- McCartney and Chris Thomas take the credits here -RRB- ; which is capable amongst all the LP , of bringing the best possible view of the song , this being a strong and powerful record that 's hard to get out of your head . That strength is what makes `` Back To The Egg '' one of Wings ' essentials .
 The final Wings album and probably most overlooked , too . This is a nice collection of songs , but it is disapointing that it did n't fare as well as it should have . It has lots of steady rockers , -LRB- `` Spit It On , '' `` Old Siam , Sir '' -RRB- , your typical hit singles , -LRB- `` Getting Closer , '' and the disco-flavored `` Arrow Through Me '' -RRB- , and a pair of songs by the Rockestra . The Rockestra was arranged by Paul , and had people like Pete Townshend and David Gilmour , with members of bands like Led Zeppelin . It has a nice jazzy sign-off called `` Baby 's Request . '' The bonus tracks are nice to have , although not essential . They include Paul 's solo Christmas single `` Wonderful Christmas Time '' and it 's b-side `` Rudolph the Red Nosed Reggae . '' This is a must for anyone who doubts Wings as a more than a pop band .
 Really , really , do n't believe the terrible reviews you 've heard about this record from the likes of the -LRB- usually-reliable -RRB- All Music Guide . This is by far the best Wings album since `` Band on the Run '' and one of the few times that Paul has really convincingly rocked for most of a whole album throughout his solo work . The short connecting songs make the record sonically interesting and fun to listen to the whole way through . The playing is outstanding -LRB- particularly Denny Laine and Laurence Juber 's guitar work -RRB- and the production is sharp -LRB- not dead and overly-studiofied as are a lot of late '70s records -RRB- . Of course , this would n't be Paul if there were n't some weak ballads and fluff , but for the most part -LRB- at least through side one and half of side two -RRB- this is a convincing , surprisingly hard-rocking record . Denny 's song contribution is also top-notch and helps this record , perhaps more than any other Wings release , sound like the work of a BAND rather than Paul and friends . Really , the critics missed out on this -- buy it and enjoy .
 Many Paul fans rank this album at the bottom of the barrel , along with `` Wild Life . '' You frequently hear that Back to the Egg is the nadir of his creative output . Not true.There are some clunkers on this album , but there are also some surprisingly great rockers , like Getting Closer and Old Siam Sir -LRB- very under-rated -RRB- , as well as some beautiful patened Paul ballads . This is a much better album than `` McCartney II , '' `` Press to Play '' and others which are inepxlicably regarded as superior to this album.This is far from Paul 's greatest work , but it 's enjoyable , it rocks , Paul 's vocals are awesome and the instrumentals are sharp and envigorating . Even when Paul is slightly off , he is such a genius that his subpar efforts are superior to most of what 's out there today .
 This album and Grand Funk Railroad 's entire career are why I do n't listen to critics . Back to the Egg is by far one of McCartney 's best solo creations , easily besting Speed of Sound and nearly a match for Band on the Run , but it apparently got panned when first released and did n't do well on the charts . Their loss . God knows Sir Paul has some clunkers in his solo career but this is n't one of them ! Spin it on alone is worth the price of admission , not to mention chunks of solid rock like So Glad to See You Here and the en-Purpled Haze that is Old Siam Sir.The only real problem with this work is that it is in dire need of a first rate deluxe remastering . I 'd love to hear this album get the same treatment recently given to the Beatles music . Ditto Ram , which was also critically shredded upon release . Well , critics = crackheads . If you can somehow get hold of it , pick up Back to the Egg today !
 I left this review before but here it is again . This CD is more from the Great Sir Paul . Arrived on time .
 Love this cd to bad it was the last Wings recored , all were gems the lp did not far good on release but it was still great .
 I rate `` Back To The Egg '' as one of McCartney & Wings best -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . I rate it with `` Ram '' , `` Wildlife '' & McCartney . It 's production is raw and gives it a live take feel . If you like some good ole rock , this is a good ` n ! ...
 I have been slow in replacing my McCartney solo collection on CD and after purchasing this CD , I can hardly believe it has been almost 20 since I 've heard some of this music . What can I say , I had come to belive the line Paul does n't really rock out . Time is an interesting thing . After hearing it , I ca n't believe how hard edged and fun it is . Yes , some tender moments , but I think it recalls `` Hi , Hi , Hi '' and his more rocking work .
 As a 16-year-old Beatles fan , I bought this album the week it appeared in stores . It 's kind of dated now , but I 'll never forget imposing it on my girlfriend on a trip to Six Flags ; it sure beat the Bee Gees , her favorite _ du jour _ ! It would do until the Beatles reunion I was sure was around the corner . Nice tunes , nice guitar , great voice , cool artwork , nice concept -- I 'm probably stretching , but I give it a five .
 It 's not the best Paul album ever but its still worth a hear . .
 The Wings best record ever done in the late 70 's
 Now if you axe me , and a lot of folks interested in the music made towards the end of the last century 's eighth decade do , then this here album is the one you need to acquire if you are at all interested in reliving the times . See , in 1979 the musical scene was in flux , what with Disco pretty much dead , and Punk morphing in to New Wave -LRB- aka `` Easy Listening Punk '' -RRB- and MTV about to revolutionize television in the US -LRB- years after video clip shows had been regularly aired in other nations -RRB- Wings gave us their swan song album with a grin and a wink , and then disbanded and never emerged from their disbandonment henceforth and such.I guess Sir Paul wanted to go out in a flash of glory because he not only had the myriad musical talents of Linda to draw from , he also roped in The Who 's Pete Townshend , Pink Floyd 's David Gilmour , Rolling Stone Ron Wood , Led Zeppelin 's John Paul Jones , and one of the last performances of John Bonham -LRB- also from Zeppelin -RRB- . He also made a slew of videos from the singles lifted from this album and achieved a degeree of success , especially here in Chesterfield County where Paul McCartney has been a favorite for many years , but this here Back to the Egg was a high watermark for his music and the fans here about still cherish this as one of the best ... even better than most of the other ... . If not all the others.I reckon this one is Mama and me 's favorite too , seeing as how we had so many good times while this here album was playing in the background . Of course , back then we had the LP version and it got plenty worn out and crackeled and popped and hissed by the time we was done with it , but here a while back I went ahead on and got us a CD version of the same album and we done started commencing to play that almost as frequent as we used to play the old LP . I ai n't too sure what we ever did with all them old LPs I replaced ... . We may have sold them in a rummage sale or donated them to the Elk 's Club Chairty Tag Sale , or I may have used them as skeet when I was attempting to teach Junior how to maniupulate a shotgun . We used to toss old LPs up in the air and have him aim and shoot , but he never did get to where he could shoot any of them and them old LPs would spin off out of control in to the neighbor 's trailer or up in to their chciken shack or over to the carport and wedge up under one of them cars up on blocks.Junior would follow the LP pretty good until he had to pull the trigger , but then he 'd get him a cinch in his swing and kind tossle the shotgun one way or the other and then he 'd pull the trigger and send a cloud of shot out through the neighborhood . He done hit the old Ford belonging to the Williamses , and twice hit the trailer belonging to the Swain Brothers -LRB- Clem and Bobby-John -RRB- . They come out and axed if we could teach him how to shoot the shotgun on some other street because they was all concerened about Junior possibly accidently shootin ' one of their butane tanks what they store beside their trailer . So , we just give up and went on back in to the Huckabe double wide trailer and had us some refreshement and listened to Back to the Egg ... which I recommend as a right good album and a fine addition to your collection .
 This is Paul 's most underrated disc . Macca wanted to get back to the basics of rock & this is the product he created . It 's his hardest rocking album . Back to the Egg was Sir Paul 's ninth studio album & only made it to # 8 on the charts . It 's likely that the public had a negative reaction to this album because it did n't have most of the normal type of songs he records . That 's sad because , though most will disagree , it 's one of his best albums ; not only that , but the version of Wings put together here was the most talented . Sir Paul even tried , in one sense , to catch lightening in a bottle by titling this album Back to the Egg . It was not only his way of saying he was going to get back to the basics of rock , the title was eerily similar to his most successful album , Band on the Run.Only two singles were released from Back to the Egg , they were `` Arrow Through Me '' went to # 29 & `` Getting Closer '' managed to get to # 20 . With the exception of his debut album , McCartney , Back to the Egg was the first album of his not to have a # 1 single . The first song is certainly more typical for McCartney ; it has a great horn arrangement & was a perfect choice to close side one of the vinyl version . The second song was very UNtypical as a choice for a single by McCartney . Up to this point in his career it was the hardest rocking song released as a single Sir Paul did a grammy for `` Rockestra Theme '' for Best Rock Instrumental Performance . It was n't a hit but it 's the only song that even gets a little airplay anymore.Back to the Egg is loaded with good songs & good performances . The album opens with the short instrumental `` Reception '' . It has a killer bass riff & has spoken words through out , not all entirely understandable . Deep down inside Sir Paul has had a desire to venture into Pink Floyd territory & this gets somewhat close to that . The aforementioned `` Getting Closer '' is next followed by the acoustic `` We 're Open Tonight '' which , like `` Mrs. Vanderbilt '' from Band on the Run , is a recurring theme . `` Spin It On '' follows & is one of the hardest rocking songs here ; it even has elements of the burgeoning punk movement . Lead Player , Laurence Juber , shines on this one . The Denny Laine composition `` Again and Again and Again '' follows , it 's the one song that I would consider dispensable on the entire album . It 's probably the worst song that he wrote to appear on a Wings album . `` Old Siam , Sir '' is next & also rocks very hard . Juber once again does an outstanding lead while Paul gives a very rough & gritty vocal similar to what he did on `` Oh ! Darling '' from Abbey Road . `` Arrow Throuh Me '' & `` Rockestra Theme '' are next , then we get `` To You '' which rocks hard also but not up to the level of `` Old Siam , Sir '' or `` Spin It On '' . One of my favorite songs on the album comes next , `` After the Ball/Million Miles '' . It 's two song fragments that Sir Paul put together -LRB- how often has he done that ? -RRB- , both have fragments have a gospel feel which has been one of the formative beginnings of rock music . McCartney gives excellent vocals on this reminding us just how good of a vocalist he can be . The next song `` Winter Rose/Love Awake '' are much more typical songs of Sir Paul & are average . `` The Broadcast '' is another short instrumental that has a spoken performance from a play inserted . `` So Glad to See You Here '' follows & is the second & last appearance of the Rockestra on the album . The Rockestra not only includes Wings -LRB- Laurence Juber - guitar , Denny Laine - guitar , Linda McCartney - keyboards & Paul on bass -RRB- , there are a ton of guest musicians
 This album is second only to Band on the Run in the McCartney catalog . The beats are infectious , the singing is brilliant and the lyrics are imaginative . The ballads are Beatlesque and the group sounds together on every track . So why is this excellent piece of work overlooked ? I really do n't know . I remember buying it on vinyl when it first came out . My friends and I played it nonstop , but not much was heard on the radio , in the days before CD 's and internet . All I can think of is that 1976 's Wings at the Speed of Sound was a rousing success , the triple album Wings Over America was a big seller , London Town was a hit but less so , and Egg was caught in a downward trend . But nearly thirty years later , after many less-than-stellar McCartney efforts , we need to reassess this record.As others have commented , the ecletic melding of hard rock , soft rock and ballad brings the White Album to mind . First we heard `` I Will '' and `` Helter Skelter '' on the same album , now it 's `` Spin It On '' and `` After the Ball '' . Offhand I ca n't think of any other artist capable of pulling this off so competently . Denny Laine 's composition `` Again and Again and Again '' is at least as good as anything else he 's done for Wings . `` So Glad to See You Here '' is a terrific rocker that Macca has n't equalled since . `` Old Siam , Sir '' reminds me of the vocal on `` Oh Darling ! '' which he prepared for by screaming at the top of his lungs for a week to get the desired effect . Of course , the song is immediately followed by `` Arrow Through Me '' which features a silky smooth vocal . Quintessential McCartney . If You Do n't Have This Album , Get It .
 I remember having this album as a kid ... not knowing Wings was about to break up , but having listened to them all through the 70s , `` Back to the Egg '' was our first Wings album.I 've listened over and over trying to figure out the words being said on `` Reception '' . Fascinating way of introducing the album , you almost feel like you 're dialing into a new radio station on every song , a sense enhanced about halfway through the album by the spoken word cut `` The Broadcast '' . `` Arrow Through Me '' and `` Old Siam , Sir '' are funky good cuts ; I find myself singing those songs in my head the rest of the day if I listen to the album early.The music is unmistakably McCartney all the way . Very entertaining ... the fast paced `` Spin It On '' is a favorite ... and the source of this article 's title ! The `` Rockestra Theme '' , I think , won a Grammy for best rock instrumental , and it _ does _ rock ! `` So Glad To See You Here '' will remind you of Paul 's Beatles heyday , and `` Baby 's Request '' will make you think you 're in a smoky hotel bar listening to a jazzy ensemble.Some weaknesses are `` To You '' ; sounds like Paul was trying to do a three chord tune to fill some empty space on the record . Same thing with `` Winter Rose/Love Awake '' , except this was a ballad filler . `` Again and Again and Again '' is a fun song but goes on too long , in my opinion . `` After the Ball/Million Miles '' starts out well but by the time Paul gets to the second half , it sounds like he wanted to just put on a half-finished song on the album.A nice entertaining listen .
 Wings ' final album is a polished production that takes a few cues from `` Venus And Mars '' and it is good - but it could have been great . The hit single `` Goodnight Tonight '' was not included on the album , so they really did n't have anything to plug the album with . Guitarist Laurence Juber concurs that taken track by track the album works ; it 's only when they 're heard as a whole that the album loses focus . That sounds pretty accurate . Saving grace is `` Getting Closer '' , the rocking `` Old Siam Sir '' , and `` So Glad To See You Here '' . `` Rockestra Theme '' and `` To You '' go nowhere but I do like the sultry `` Arrow Through Me '' . `` Reception '' and `` After The Ball/Million Miles '' and `` Winter Rose/Love Awake '' are throwaways . Lyrically a bit weak , but the performances are strong . This new incarnation of Wings held great promise until their Japan tour was canceled when their fearless leader -LRB- and a fist-sized bag of pot -RRB- did n't make it through customs . The band never really performed again , and Denny Laine was bitter for years to come .
 Back to the Egg displays the real talent of Wings , their ability to do consumate rock themes , decadent ballads and soulful sojourns all in the same set . While others may not agree -LRB- many others -RRB- , songs like `` Arrow Through Me , '' `` After the Ball '' and `` Old Siam Sir '' are among Wings ' finest . This album however was hopelessly out of context of the music of 1979 -LRB- its initial release -RRB- and this was reflected in its abysmal sales -LRB- only # 7 on the Billboard charts -RRB- . It was a disappointment compared to prior chart successes . The explanation for this is that Back to the Egg simply was ahead of its time . Listeners were not ready for the style of music that would later on , as the 80 's set in , become a staple in the average radio listeners diet . It was not , as some might say , a sign that Wings needed to `` go back to the egg . '' Back to the Egg was a clear and present sign of the group 's artistic maturity . -LSB- NOTE
 Yep ! This is Macca 's most satisfying album . With easily the best incarnation of Wings backing him up Paul flirts with too many styles too mention and he succedes on all counts . This is Paul 's updated version of ABBEY ROAD and it 's a joy to listen . The only reason it does n't have the greatest reputation is the simple fact that it was ahead of it ` s time . I think after hearing it again with fresh ears the situation will be rectified . A classic !
 This 1979 recording in one of Paul 's most underrated . `` Back to the Egg '' offers the same wildly eclectic range of material as his classic early solo albums , but with a more polished sound . Nothing very profound emerges in the lyrics , but Paul 's vocals are astonishingly good throughout . Highlights include the rockers `` Spin it On '' and `` Old Siam , Sir '' and the entrancing sonic collage of the closing numbers , `` After the Ball/Million Miles '' and `` Winter Rose/Love Awake . '' The CD bonus tracks on this recording were expendable ; it 's more enjoyable to listen to the recording the way Paul intended .
 If only Paul could have kept albums going this solid ! It was lsammed by the critics but everyone is entitled to their opinion ... here at the Macondo Beatles Fun Club , we think this is Paul at his best ! ... the album flows together beautifully encompassing many varied styles ... but `` Getting Closer '' is for me the best track ... I simply never tire of it ... and I do n't understand why it was never included in Paul 's hits package ... another standout is the hauntingly slow gem `` winter Rose / Love awake '' ... Paul has alot of his gems hiden on his albums ... you ' l have to explore his catalogue to find them ... there are three bonus tracks on here ... one is Wonderful Christmas Time '' . . perhaps the most listenable of the solo Beatle x-mas tunes , , ,
 As a high school sophomore when Back to Egg came out , I remember that it was considered a `` wild rocker '' at the time -LRB- at least in my conservative rural high school -RRB- . I listened to it back during that time and particulary liked the songs `` Getting Closer '' and `` Arrow Through Me '' -LRB- that latter was used in a Benji/Chevy Chase movie-seriously -RRB- . But then came more serious McCartney works -- the experimental McCartney II , the sublime Tug of War and quickly this album was pushed to the rear of my collection . In recent years , I have rediscovered it and now view it as McCartney 's `` lost album . '' Even Paul has dissed this album but the songs have a clarity and attitude that make more sense to me know 20 years down the road . Okay , I still do n't know what the heck he means by `` I 'm getting closer , my salamander '' but gee it sounds so good . This is a McCartney junk-food album , many people do n't like to admit that they like it but it sure does sound good and what a voice !!!
 A very nice album . If you enjoy McCartney , this is a good one to have . McCartney really does n't have any five star albums , but quite a few 4 star ones . This is one of them . Even the track `` The Broadcast '' has that neat English feel . Very Gear !!!!!
 I 've never understood the negativity associated with this album . Paul sings his guts out , the songs are good and rock very well indeed .
 And so all good things must end.It 's usually useful , when reviewing a record from way back , to recall the time it belonged to , to place it in its original context . Difficult if you were n't yet born in 1979 , but I was there . Disco was at its height , though would start a slow decline as the 80 's dawned . Punk had exploded a few years before , and its influence still saturated rock , with many of the new bands happily accepting the `` new wave '' label , though some more properly belonged to the new heavy metal scene . Abba were the top of the European hitmaking pile , the Eagles ruled in the States , and the Rolling Stones rolled on , not yet wrinklies but by now hitless dinosaurs . Michael Jackson was still black and untarnished , seeking to find a place outwith the Jacksons by releasing his first solo album . It was an Indian summer for the likes of the Beach Boys , Roxy Music , Pink Floyd , Supertramp and Led Zeppelin , and the Beatles were a distant , if fond , memory and had not quite yet been elevated to god-like status , with John and Ringo long absent from the scene and George considering mere pop music beneath him . Remember too that John was a bit of a joke in Britain -LRB- check out the end of the Rutles -RRB- and it would take his death the following year to begin his transformation into the sainted genius he has become today - usually by people unaware of much of his work . In the late 70 's only Paul McCartney remained at the cutting edge of rock , still having No 1 's , still gigging , still talking to the music press , still appearing on Top Of The Pops.In 1979 McCartney was almost as famous for being a Wing as for once having been a Beatle , and had decided , after a 3 year break , to go back on tour , so he once again expanded his band to 5 by recruiting Laurence Juber -LRB- guitar -RRB- and Steve Holly -LRB- drums -RRB- . And a great band it was too - I had the pleasure of seeing them in Edinburgh towards the end of ' 79 , they really rocked the house , in a joyous age when Wings songs vastly outnumbered Beatles songs . However , McCartney would drastically change course after his drug bust in early '80 and the subsequent killing of Lennon , disbanding Wings and largely retreating from personal appearances for over a decade . It is fascinating to think what would have happened if things had turned out differently . McCartney and Lennon dueting `` Two Of Us '' at Live Aid?Back To The Egg has a strange title -LRB- note the similarity with Band On The Run ? -RRB- but a great album cover . But like London Town , it just has too many tracks -LRB- 17 including bonuses ! -RRB- and it 's probably the diversity of the material that prevents the album having its own `` feel '' in the way his previous albums did . I would lose Reception , Again & Again & Again , After The Ball , Winter Rose/Love Awake and The Broadcast to make a more cohesive rock classic . It 's not that some of these are n't good songs - Winter Rose/Love Awake is particularly beautiful - just that without them I believe the album would be tighter and classier - and have 5-star status . But there is no excuse for The Broadcast - does Paul deliberately include pap like this to give critics ammunition?Getting Closer is a great opener , setting the listener up for a harder-edged set of songs than on the preceding London Town . The punk rock influenced Spin It On reinforces this , and Old Siam , Sir keeps the rock groove going . McCartney albums always include a beautiful ballad , and Arrow Through Me is one of his best - a combination of pop , disco , reggae and pure balladry.The Rockestra idea , I remember , was exciting at a time when the rock greats tended not to mix too much , and the tune plays like the label says , a rock orchestra , best played LOUD . To You has balls and some excellent guitar work , and is another of McCartney 's many overlooked classics . So Glad To See You Here is reminiscent of Cafe On The Left Bank , a rock tune dripping with hooks that just drives along . Things turn mellow with the album closer , Baby 's Request , a blissful slice of smooth jazz.The bonus tracks score 2 out of 3 . Daytime Nighttime Suffering belongs on the album , but I ca n't understand the decision to leave Goodnight Tonight , its original a-side , off . It belongs here , and certainly does not belong on McCartney II , an incomprehensible decision taken by some faceless record exec . Wonderful Christmastime is as much a staple at Christmas in the UK as Lennon 's Happy Christmas -LRB- War Is Over -RRB- , so much so that , like Mull Of Kintyre , it can sound a bit too familiar . Rudolf ? Paul must have run out of ideas , or studio time , this was Wonderful Christmastime 's throwaway b-side , and is probably the least played of all my McCartney songs . For least played read once , which was enough!Back To The Egg did n't live up the the sales of previous Wings albums and produced no smash-hit singles , which must have proven a disappointment to Paul , but should n't put you off buying it - it is literally stuffed full with cracking songs ! As the Beatles ended with the close of the 60 's , it was perhaps fitting that Wings ended as the 70 's faded . Wings would soon fade into legend and Paul McCartney would put his own name on his records once again and return to the top of the charts .
 Clearly influenced by new wave and the power pop movement , McCartney returned to his melodic rock roots producing a fine album . The strongest tracks include the single Getting Closer , Arrow Through Me , Spin it on and Baby 's Request.Back to the Egg is a very loose concept album about radio and its power to reach an audience . This conceit allows McCartney to dabble in a variety of interesting styles . The second half of the album , while it has many highlights , is more fragmentary . It 's clear that McCartney had a number of unfinished songs and he used the suite at the end of Abbey Road as inspiration to finish it.The three bonus tracks are fun particularly Daytime/Nightime Suffering which highlights McCartney 's gifts as both arranger and songwriter .
 I received this album Christmas 1979 when it was first released . The overall reviews from critics are not great , but I beg to differ . When I first put the needle on the vinyl I just loved the bass line to `` Reception '' . The album in my opinion is a sleeper to the public . At a glance it does n't contain any known hits , outside of `` Arrow Through Me '' Although , it 's filled with great tunes ; and `` Rockestra Theme '' is filled with great rockers such as Pete Townshend , David Gilmour , and John Bonham . In my opinion it encompasses McCartney as a rocker and balladeer . I 'm definately buying it on CD with the extra tracks .
 Back To The Egg was the final album released under the Wings moniker . After working as a trio on their previous album , London Town , Paul McCartney again fleshed out the line-up by adding a drummer and guitarist . The album starts off very strong but then fades towards the end . `` Getting Closer '' is a strong rocker and maybe the only song in history to use the word salamander , `` Spin On It '' is excellent as is `` Arrow Through Me '' . `` Old Siam , Sir '' is the hardest rocking and edgiest song in the Wings catalog . `` Rockestra Theme '' and `` So Glad To See You Here '' are all-star efforts and contain the playing of , among others , Pete Townshend , John Bonham , John Paul Jones , Ronnie Lane and Steve Winwood . After the `` Rockestra Theme '' , the album slides into the type of music that critics have derided Mr. McCartney for . `` To You '' , `` After The Ball/Million Miles '' & `` Winter Rose/Love Awake '' are all drippy adult contemporary songs and show off his worst tendencies . Back To The Egg only hit number 8 on the album charts and there were no top ten singles which may have lead to the unfortunate disbanding of the group . It would have been interesting to see where the group may have gone . It would have been nice if Mr. McCartney had kept Wings alive and possible alternated between solo album and albums with the band . The bonus tracks include the superb `` Daytime Nightime Suffering '' which was the b-side to the brilliant `` Goodnight Tonight '' and the two holiday tracks , the bouncy `` Wonderful Christmastime '' and the horrific `` Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reggae ''
 Absolutely amazing Album - when i first heard `` Getting closer '' , `` Old siam sir '' or `` So glad to see yuo '' i was amazed with their power - tjey really kick your speakers out !!! a great album by such a great artist like paul !!!
 With all of the CDs , albums , and tapes I have purchased over the years , some how I missed this classic , and just purchased this a couple of months ago . This is even more amazing as I have always been a McCartney fan , and own many of his albums and of course most of the Beatles catalogue . Band on the Run and Wings Over America are among my all time favorite albums . Well , this is definitely one of Paul 's most rocking and enjoyable CDs . Getting Closer was the biggest hit of this release , and after all these years it sounds as fresh today as it did back in 1979 . Spin On It , Arrow Through Me and Old Siam Sir are also great cuts and among my favorites . The best surprise here is the Rochestra Theme . I know this song well as it was from the Concert for Kampuchea , a benefit album released around this same time frame where Paul put together an all star band including the members of Wings along with David Gilmour , Pete Townsend , John Bonham , Ronnie Lane , just to name a few . The best thing I like about this CD is the variety of music and styles , which is certainly the norm on many of his albums . I highly recommend this CD !
 I have to put my two cents in here in light of all the bad reviews I 've seen for this album . It 's obvious that between Back To The Egg and McCartney II , Paul McCartney was getting a little tired of trying to please with overly-commercial offerings . After `` Goodnight Tonight , '' I suspect Paul was getting a lot of pressure to delve deeper in disco-heavy tunes , and he said nay to big record company ! What you get in return is McCartney playing with the most talented lineup of Wings , whom sadly only recorded one album together . And for the person wanting to know just what Wings is staring at on the album cover ... . why planet Earth ! The Egg ! That was taken from a promo film featuring videos of almost the entire album , thus making a great album cover!I do admit that after hearing a few bootleg recordings of the sessions for BTTE that Paul made some mistakes when picking the right songs for the final set . The uptempo rockers `` Getting Closer '' , `` Spin it On , '' and `` Old Siam Sir '' really show the tightness of Wings Mach 3 -LRB- ? -RRB- . However , `` Baby 's Request '' was a weak closer for the album , and should have been left off in favor of some unreleased titles from these recording sessions . The fake synthesizer horn section turned me off the first time I heard it . `` Reception '' has always been a personal favorite , as it is a funky little number and a terrific way to start the album . This track was edited down considerably as the original version is about three times longer . I liked the two medleys except for Paul 's vocal on `` Winter Rose . '' I do n't know why he sang that piece with such a gravelly voice , it ruined it for me.And furthermore , while `` The Broadcast '' was a different twist , it lacked anything interesting and further weakened side two . I do n't know if Paul was on some kind of `` Revolution 9 '' type trip or what , but the track was downright bland.And I agree with the other reviewers -- Goodnight Tonight should have been released on here instead of McCartney II , and better yet , they could have included the 12 '' extended version since we have already heard GT on All The Best . Its B side , `` Daytime Nighttime Suffering , '' is included on here . After all , GT is a Wings song , McCartney II is not Wings!There is a nice Abbey Road like coda on `` So Glad To See You Here '' with the reprise of `` We 're Open Tonight '' at the ending . Paul delving into punk really made this album rock out ! If only the entire album had been this heavy it probably would be better received by today 's listeners.Buy it only if you are not in a severe critical disposition and want to hear Paul at his rocking best since Band on the Run .
 it is definitly one of Paul 's most interesting and bizzare albums - he mixes here so many conventions and style such as Zeppelin styled hard rock , Soul , progressive rock , pop and even a christmas music -LRB- famous `` Wonderfull christmas time '' -RRB- his bass playing is excellent as ussual and whole band is great too - we have a guest appearances of many stars like David Gilmour -LRB- Pink floyd -RRB- , John bonham and john paul jones from Led Zeppelin , Hank MArvin -LRB- Shadows -RRB- , Pete thowsend -LRB- the Who -RRB- and many more ... Overall a solid McCArtney album that you wo n't be dissapointed with.nice piece of stylish 70-ties rock music .
 If there is any part of McCartney 's solo workthat 's underrated , it lies squarely here . . from the cool funk/operatic jazz infusedReception to the jazz based Arrow Through Me , and some relatively hard rock that would haveJohn Lennon proud , this is really Paul McCartneyat his best folks ... very creative , Linda 's finallyin tune ... excellent effort and well worth theinvestment ... Back To The Egg stands along withTug of War as one of his finest achievements!You can see why Lennon was beginning to softenin those 1980 Rolling Stone interviews whereinstead of attacking his former partner , he acknowledges his gifts .
 For some reason , most of the 1970-1990 McCartney/Wings catalogue is now available in two versions
 another prove of the McCartney Genious ... I like it more and more ... and you know what ? . my kids love it , they are absolutely lovers of this cd , and the prove is that Paul 's music , as Beatles ' do . . are inmortal , for all ages ... i mean ... this is not a greatest hits , -LRB- it almost has n't hits -RRB- which everybody is able to like , but it really works !! this album in particular , SOUNDS MODERN TODAY , 26 years later ...
 The change-over on `` Back To The Egg '' -LRB- and it 's tital isNOT a misnomer -RRB- is that McCartney is trying to remind people ofeverything he knows -LRB- and some believe he 'd forgotton -RRB- aboutrock 'n roll.So this collection is filled out with fast-paced , guitar-heavy arena-rock such as the catchy `` Getting Closer '' , thepunkish `` Spin It On '' and the heroic `` Old Siam , Sir '' and `` Rockateria '' - Pete Townsands presence on the latter renforcesthe Who-like sound.There are some interesting diverse momentsthough-the laid back , jazzy `` Baby 's Request '' , the decidedly minorchorded,non-senimental folk of `` We 're Open Tonight '' , the quizical `` The Broadcast '' and my favorite `` Arrow Through Me '' , a highlysoulful pop-reggae tune with a angelic production -LRB- this album wasrecorded in a cathedral after all -RRB- . So go `` back to the egg '' andyou wo n't regret getting closer !
 This is pretty rocking stuff from Macca . You know Macca - ca n't write anything apart from ballads can he ??? OF COURSE HE CAN !! And if you still doubt it - buy this record . . ! Take away `` Winter Rose '' and `` Again , again and again '' and add on the bonus track `` Daytime Nightime suffering '' and you 've got one hell of a cool rock album . `` Old Siam Sir '' is worth the price of the album alone ! This album is also semi-concept with several of the tracks being linked by similar themes ; `` The Broadcast '' relates to the opening track - `` Reception '' and the general theme of `` We 're open Tonight '' reoccurs during the album . It 's not a big , all-consuming , concept -LRB- as are Floyds `` The Wall '' and the Who 's `` Tommy '' -RRB- , but more of a loose concept - in the sci-fi mould . This makes it quite sophisticated and I LOVE the album cover . It really , REALLY , annoys me when people say Paul was the ` cute one ' in the Beatles and was only capable of writing soppy ballads . Who wrote `` Helter Skelter '' and `` Run Devil Run '' , etc. . ? If you have ever believed that and got sucked into that stupid myth ; then `` Back to the Egg '' will blow your mind ...
 Of all McCartney 's lost albums , this is the one that most richly deserves to be found . Old Siam Sir sits with other forgotten Mccartney classic rockers such as Girls ' School , Soily and The Mess all of which fit neatly with the best Rock and Roll he wrote for that other group -LRB- in many ways they are rawer than most of what he wrote for them -RRB- . Arrow Through Me is one of those delicate pieces that McCartney writes that somehow manage to rock in a subtle way . The Rockestra highlights work well on this album , but are perhaps better on Concert for Kampuchea . The generally stripped down sound of this album allows the listener to appreciate the musicianship of Wings Mark 3 . Give it a listen , you want be disappointed , particularly if you like the better moments on the Mccartney album
 The final Wings album is also , I 'd say , their 2nd best -LRB- beat only by `` Band on the Run '' -RRB- . Tracks like `` Spin It On '' , `` Getting Closer '' , `` So Glad To See You Here '' and `` To You '' blow the roof off of the silly love songs the Wings were most known for in their later years . It contains about the gutsiest rocking Sir Paul has ever done . I think the Wings should have recorded a few more rockers , stuck them in place of the ` filler ' on side 2 , and then this album probably would have gotten the praise it deserves . But hurrah for Paul for trying to at least take the Wings in a new direction with this album .
 Apparently I 'm not the only one who feels that this album deserves another listen . The 4-star rating is already earned by the end of the first side , which is probably McCartney 's most consistent since `` Band on the Run '' ; the term `` rocker '' does n't really come to mind a lot when I think of Paul , but he really does kick up some dust here . The lyrics , of course , are the usual fluff , but I suppose if you sing them with enough conviction/foolhardiness , you can put something like the doggerel that is `` Spin It On '' across to people . `` Getting Closer '' was a fantastic radio hit , as well as `` Arrow Through Me , '' one of the most unique songs he ever laid down -- very jazz-like melody , with a refrain that burrows into your brain as it defiantly insists on going off the beat . Very cool . `` We 're Open Tonight '' is lovely in its spareness and brevity , `` Rockestra Theme '' and `` To You '' are fun ... while I ca n't detect a theme running through the album , the tunes really seem to hang together well . Quite listenable -- the latter part of the album is not as memorable as what came before , but not bad -LRB- `` The Broadcast '' uses some more cut & paste radio sound bites -RRB- . Means something more to me , I 'm sure -- this is when I started buying records and listening more intently to the radio . Love the cover -- suitable for framing .
 WOW , no , really , this album is a diamond in the rough . I thought Band on the Run was great , but Back to the Egg is better . It is an album that never had enough time to be recorded properly . If only Paul had polished these jems , they would have had a great come back album . One can almost feel the finished product but instead this rough ride serves as a last hurrah for the decade long hit making machine called Wings . Standout songs are Getting closer -LRB- driving music -RRB- , Old Siam Sir -LRB- great rocker -RRB- Agin and Again and Again -LRB- finally a great Denny Laine Blues track -RRB- . Other stand outs are Babys ` Request -LRB- White album sounding -RRB- and Daytime , Nighttime Suffering -LRB- really great vocals -RRB- , Which should have been a hit . I must add that although McCartney is known as a love song maker this album is straight ahead rock with short sound bites that at times seem trite . The Rockestra track -LRB- a jam with Led Zeppelin and others -RRB- sounds muddy and under produced . Finally , Back to the Egg does not sound dated at all ... except maybe Arrow Through Me ... which tastes like DISCO . This album could have been made in the 90s ' . It deserves to be heard live , maybe McCartney will sing them live in his upcoming tour . Maybe then they will be re-discovered .
 i got into paul 's music with the album `` Off hte ground '' , then is started to collect all of his albums.i did n't really cared so muhc about his works with Wings band because i thought that it is not so McCartney-ish as his real solo music.but i was so wrong.i reached for `` Back to the egg '' simply from curiosity.I really wanted to get his new live album but this one cathced my eye with good cover Photo and also with remastered series additoin of bonus tracks -LRB- that series came just when i was buying it and they weer costing the same as not-remasered series of MAcca albums -RRB- . Starts with `` Broadcast '' ... a wierd short fusion-rock piece.but later it gets energetic and hot with such songs like `` Getting Closer '' , `` Spin it on '' , `` Again and again and again '' , `` Rockestra theme '' and `` Old siam sir '' ... great rock tracks featuring Paul screaming his lungs out -LRB- check out `` Spin it on '' - almost a punk rock anthem -RRB- and playing his bass really superb.there are places for experimets too . psychedelic soul in `` Arrow through me '' , smooth jazz in `` Baby 's request '' or simply a christmas synth tune -LRB- `` Wonderfull christmastime '' -RRB- . the highlits here are also ballads - `` After the ball '' is bluesy romantic song about Paul 's wife Linda , later it gets even folky accordeon background . `` Winter 's rose '' is creepy slow song with haunting melody and Paul 's specific vocals.while listening to this one i always get the feeling like there were ants walking on my back . . The valuable addition to this album is never officiallly released `` Daytime nightime sufferin '' - amazing rock ballad with genius arrangment -LRB- check out the verses ! -RRB- . it was worth making the newe remastered series for tracks like this!If you do n't know well Wings and Paul 's music you should get this album out now.definitly it is one of his most rocking and interesting pieces of music ! oh yeah , Paul rules !
 BACK TO THE EGG may not be one of melody master Paul McCartney 's best albums but it is his most under-rated . If `` Who Are You '' was Pete Townsend 's response to late-70s punk rockers who thought they were taking over , then high-energy BACK TO THE EGG songs like `` To You , '' `` Old Siam Sir , '' `` Spin It On , '' `` So Glad To See You Here '' and `` Getting Closer '' comprised Paul McCartney 's answer . Right on , Paul ! BACK TO THE EGG 's CD bonus tracks include the great flip-side `` Daytime Nighttime Suffering '' and the now-holiday standard , `` Wonderful Christmas Time , '' adding value . Get BACK TO THE EGG , get BACK TO THE EGG , get BACK TO THE EGG to where it should belong - your stereo .
 Back To The Egg was the final album released under the Wings moniker . After working as a trio on their previous album , London Town , Paul McCartney again fleshed out the line-up by adding a drummer and guitarist . The album starts off very strong but then fades towards the end . `` Getting Closer '' is a strong rocker and maybe the only song in history to use the word salamander , `` Spin On It '' is excellent as is `` Arrow Through Me '' . `` Old Siam , Sir '' is the hardest rocking and edgiest song in the Wings catalog . `` Rockestra Theme '' and `` So Glad To See You Here '' are all-star efforts and contain the playing of , among others , Pete Townshend , John Bonham , John Paul Jones , Ronnie Lane and Steve Winwood . After the `` Rockestra Theme '' , the album slides into the type of music that critics have derided Mr. McCartney for . `` To You '' , `` After The Ball/Million Miles '' & `` Winter Rose/Love Awake '' are all drippy adult contemporary songs and show off his worst tendencies . Back To The Egg only hit number 8 on the album charts and there were no top ten singles which may have lead to the unfortunate disbanding of the group . It would have been interesting to see where the group may have gone . It would have been nice if Mr. McCartney had kept Wings alive and possible alternated between solo album and albums with the band .
 I was always a tremendous fan of Wings and can never say one album or the other is my favorite , since basically I liked everything they ever did and was sorry when the ever-changing line-up of this band finally petered out . The ever-present contribution of Denny Laine can not be overlooked , whether one thinks he flew high before or after , and Paul and Linda McCartney were just plain fun always . It is true , on this album the rock songs zing with a grittiness of style and miked fuzziness of vocals , as in &#34; Old Siam , Sir , &#34; to this day I 've never heard anything like the rhythms displayed on &#34; Arrow Through Me , &#34; the fun pretense of hearing someone switching radio dials as one song shifts to another in particular gives evey song , even the couple of sweet dreamy &#34; commerical &#34; ones , every right to be there . . One could reasonably say , I suppose , that while other Wings albums contained magical numbers fun numbers with one or two gritty rockers thrown in for good measure , this album reverses that proportion , which is what makes it special , all tossed off with a &#34; hey , this is what we do &#34; casualness .
 This is easily one of Paul 's best albums . In retrospect , it 's sad to say that it was also one of his last really rocking albums as well . Possibly the lone exception is Flaming Pie . Unfortunately , I am of the age to remember this album in its initial release , and to this day , more than 30 years later , I still ca n't understand why it was a failure . Maybe the public was still in the disco craze , and this gem seemed to slip by . Also , if I recall , it received a lot of unfavorable publicity , saying that the final product was less than what Paul wanted , his own version of a Who-style rock opera . Shame really because this album is loaded with great material . Definately more than worth a look see if you ask me ... perhaps not the rock opera masterpiece that Paul originally wanted , but pretty damn good in my book ...
 I am a Beatles completest and have heard/owned almost all the solo releases . Until a few days ago one of the only albums I had never heard was `` Back to the Egg '' ... I was told to stay away ... WHY ??? It 's one of McCartney 's best save for `` Band on the Run '' and definitely one of the most rockin ' and solid of all the post Beatles releases . Every review I read of this record trashed it and almost all of them could n't fathom how Paul could use the word `` salamander '' in a song ! 1979 may have had `` The Wall '' and `` London Calling '' , but `` Back to the Egg '' deserves to be up there . If you are a fan of The Beatles and/or Paul McCartney & Wings you owe it to yourself to give it a listen , even if it 's to hear Paul rock out and scream for the last time before the smooth sounds of the 80 's took over .
 I would recommend this album for any serious McCartney fan wanting to round out their collection of his solo work . It is slightly superior to it 's predecessor , `` London Town '' and much more listenable than `` McCartney II '' . Conceptually it is very similar to the sci-fi theme of `` Venus and Mars '' . The opening track `` Reception '' sets the mood for the Rock-Show-esque `` Getting Closer '' , one of the hardest rocking singles Paul ever released . `` We 're Open Tonight '' is almost a rewrite of `` Love In Song '' . `` Old Siam Sir '' is a tad obnoxious , and `` Arrow Right Through Me '' has a smooth disco feel to it but neither sink to the level of filler . Overall , a competent effort and nothing to be ashamed of , Paul .
 Now if you axe me , and a lot of folks interested in the music made towards the end of the last century 's eighth decade do , then this here album is the one you need to acquire if you are at all interested in reliving the times . See , in 1979 the musical scene was in flux , what with Disco pretty much dead , and Punk morphing in to New Wave -LRB- aka `` Easy Listening Punk '' -RRB- and MTV about to revolutionize television in the US -LRB- years after video clip shows had been regularly aired in other nations -RRB- Wings gave us their swan song album with a grin and a wink , and then disbanded and never emerged from their disbandonment henceforth and such.I guess Sir Paul wanted to go out in a flash of glory because he not only had the myriad musical talents of Linda to draw from , he also roped in The Who 's Pete Townshend , Pink Floyd 's David Gilmour , Rolling Stone Ron Wood , Led Zeppelin 's John Paul Jones , and one of the last performances of John Bonham -LRB- also from Zeppelin -RRB- . He also made a slew of videos from the singles lifted from this album and achieved a degeree of success , especially here in Chesterfield County where Paul McCartney has been a favorite for many years , but this here Back to the Egg was a high watermark for his music and the fans here about still cherish this as one of the best ... even better than most of the other ... . If not all the others.I reckon this one is Mama and me 's favorite too , seeing as how we had so many good times while this here album was playing in the background . Of course , back then we had the LP version and it got plenty worn out and crackeled and popped and hissed by the time we was done with it , but here a while back I went ahead on and got us a CD version of the same album and we done started commencing to play that almost as frequent as we used to play the old LP . I ai n't too sure what we ever did with all them old LPs I replaced ... . We may have sold them in a rummage sale or donated them to the Elk 's Club Chairty Tag Sale , or I may have used them as skeet when I was attempting to teach Junior how to maniupulate a shotgun . We used to toss old LPs up in the air and have him aim and shoot , but he never did get to where he could shoot any of them and them old LPs would spin off out of control in to the neighbor 's trailer or up in to their chciken shack or over to the carport and wedge up under one of them cars up on blocks.Junior would follow the LP pretty good until he had to pull the trigger , but then he 'd get him a cinch in his swing and kind tossle the shotgun one way or the other and then he 'd pull the trigger and send a cloud of shot out through the neighborhood . He done hit the old Ford belonging to the Williamses , and twice hit the trailer belonging to the Swain Brothers -LRB- Clem and Bobby-John -RRB- . They come out and axed if we could teach him how to shoot the shotgun on some other street because they was all concerened about Junior possibly accidently shootin ' one of their butane tanks what they store beside their trailer . So , we just give up and went on back in to the Huckabe double wide trailer and had us some refreshement and listened to Back to the Egg ... which I recommend as a right good album and a fine addition to your collection .
 Forget ` Band On The Run ' , this IS Wings best album and just proves what a genius Macca is . With the bonus tracks , you get fab classics like wonderfulchristmastime too !
 Getting Closer , Old Siam Sir , Rockestra Theme , To You . . this album rocks . Great ballads too -LRB- Arrow Through Me -RRB- . Why this one was so critically panned is beyond me . It 's always been one of my favorite of Paul 's .
 here 's something for the masses , this album not only rocks , it thumps , knocks you in another planet , brings you out , then brings you right back in.I LOVE WINTER ROSE/LOVE AWAKE this is a true masterpiece and apparently is not understood by a lot of people but there 's a reason why macca released a video for this one , i 'm listening to it right now it 's a masterpiece . let 's talk about how hot recepttion is the bass rocks , I 'm convinced it 's better then a lot of beatle albums if not all , all pauls 70 's stuff blows the beatles out the box the instramentation is rediculus . the beatles never came like that staight hip hop type modern bass , constant head boppin which this album clearly states but has one for everyone again . I love the beatles to death and that was a great day when they were changing things in the sixties , but paul hit the studio 's in the seventies and truly mastered overdubbing , flipped the beats . getting closer is a great example of a very beatlesque song if the beatles were together in 79 this would be on the album , but what people forget is that most of the good beatle stuff was in fact almost solely paul , SGT. pepper , magic mystery and Abbey road especially , WELL GUESS WHAT macca kept on doing it kept on changing and progressing to the ultimate , it 's crazy so much more clear and ready for helping you live and survive another day , mostly happy topics it 's impossible to get depressed , check out the macca collection it 's all like the beatles , paul the only one that kept that beatles style , even john says it in his anthology booklet , `` that he 's just ... he did n't do what paul did , and that 's use it TO sell records well SPEND IT ALL that 's right the song SPIN IT ON on this album is really saying spend it all , that 's right SPEND IT ALL DO N'T STOP CAUSE I GOT A LOT OF LOVE FOR YOU , I love it so , that 's right keep spending oH and that 's another hint on BAND ON THE RUN the song MAMUNIA well he 's aying MONEY see you got ta love him he 's not the richest entertainer for no reason -- paul mccartney swTich his letters around of his name the anagrahm for PAUL MCCARTNEY is PAY MR CLEAN CUT well he is the clean cut beatle you would think someone all about money would be the beatle that fell off , well guess what he 's the one that did n't but you got to really give macca time and money in order to understand but once you get addicted it 's over ...
 As a Master of music and a former singer with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra -- proud to be part of Margaret Hillis 's song group , as well as being a part of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra chorus , I sang this work with the above performers.Kiri Te Kanawa and Anne Sophie Von Otter are the outstanding voices of this choral work . I know that Sir Georg and Dame Kiri are the best of friends , and have mutual respect for one another 's talents . Some times I feel that Sir Georg takes Bachs choral works at a heavy pace , where a more smooth interpretation , and careful relevence to detail in indeed needed.The soprano aria `` Aus Liebe will mein Heiland sterben '' and the contralto aria `` Erbarme dich , mein Gott '' are exquisite . It is clear why Te Kanawa and von Otter are paired together -- especially when they are performing in duet.Te Kanawa , a `` Mozartian , '' pure `` lyric '' soprano , par excellance , takes the stage to the Baroque master and encompasses her learned teqnique into the realm of his single minded style.This is a CD worth it weight is music excellence .
 BACK TO THE EGG is a scrambled mix typical of the virtuoso performer and songwriter.McCartney has never pigeonholed himself into one style of music . He explores every branch of the musical tree and has silenced his critics by doing each style in his own inimitable way.EGG has some great moments that overshadow a couple ventures into mediocrity.Highlights for me
 I received fast , courteous service from the seller , and the product was just as it was advertised . Thanks for making my Christmas shopping easier !!
 Some 20 years ago plus , I heard Paul McCartney 's `` Arrow Right Through Me '' from this album and the tune has stuck in my head all these years . As I remember the song did n't get a lot of air play in my home town , but I do remember seeing a quirky video Paul did for the song where he was in an orchestra and was playing all the instruments on the song himself -LRB- I think ... time sure clouds the memory -RRB- . Anyway , I was looking at an Internet Site one day , a year or so back , with Paul McCartney 's Discography and each song title had a short clip associated with it . Sure enough after clicking on `` Arrow Right Through Me '' I instantly recognized this wonderful song . I purchased the CD second hand from one of Amazon 's resellers and I was a little dissapointed when the disc arrived and the case was all busted up . Fortunately the CD was not damaged and it played just fine in my CD player . As for the music , this disc is a bit odd in the selection of songs that appear on it . There are some really good Wing 's standards , but there are also some odd numbers that do n't really fit with the majority of the songs on the disc . It would appear that this album represented a trasition period for Wings and there was definitely some experimentation going on in the studio for this album . For the most part though I like the album and I would have bought it just for `` Arrow Right Through Me '' anyway .
 Well , when I first heard this album , I was ecstatic to see Paul still had a hard rock edge after all the interim between the Beatles -LRB- i.e. Birthday -RRB- . This double-album hearkens back to the old notions of hard rock and fuses them with the then-modern licks that Zeppelin and Alice Cooper had set into motion . Much heavier than most of Macca 's material , each song on this album GROOVES , at least up until After The Ball -LRB- incidentally , an odd but pleasant ballad -RRB- . A lot of reviewers -LRB- not for this album per se , but on reviews for other Wings albums -RRB- like to talk smack on Back To The Egg . they say , for instance , that its hard rock efforts fall flat on its face . and I say that 's cobbleswattle ! this album vyes for the top of the Wings catalogue , and is very nearly their most satisfying musical experience.Its good , if you have n't heard it , but it now !!!
 Wings last album really rocks out and for the most part , it works really well . But , I have always liked Paul 's ballads , so this took me a long long time to get used to . ` Getting closer ' is the first proper track , after the opening bass heavy quick opener ` reception ' . This is a fantastic rock song , with some lovely harmony vocals and a really nice ending . ` We 're open toinght ' is a little acoustic breather , before ` spin it on ' , what I consider to be Paul 's heaviest song to date , this really rocks nicely . ` Again again and again ' seems a little out of place here , and is a bit weaker . ` Old siam , sir ' really is one of those tracks that you either like or hate . Paul sings in a peculiar way and it rocks along also heavily for Wings . A great track . ` Arrow through me ' is a keyboard based mid paced song , with nice horn arrangements . ` Rockestra theme ' is a nice hard rock passage , with guest musicians featuring on the instruments . ` To you ' begins the weaker songs . This is an awful , bland piece of filler . I also intensely dislike ` after the ball ' it is one of those exceedingly dull ballads that never gets started and is so slow with horrible vocals . ` Million miles ' is little better and has no clear structure and rambles on . I would definitely ditch these two tracks . ` Winter rose ' has beautiful piano and a nice ghordal structure . Paul tries to sing a cross between Rod Stewart and his own rendition of ` little lamb dragonfly ' . It does n't really work , but because the music is so good , it comes off ok . However , the second part of the song ` love awake ' is the kind of ballad I expect to hear from Paul . Beautiful harmony vocals that sound really yearning and a lovely melody . This is my fave track . ` The broadcast ' is a little seague which leads into the last hard rocking number , ` so glad to see you hear ' . I really like this and the intense vocals . The song reprises ` we 're open tonight ' . Lastly , is ` baby 's request ' , which is my second fave . Nice jazzy chords and a beautiful melody for this soft number.This album is almost perfect . The aforementioned two tracks should be removed . In their place , ` daytime nightime suffering ' should have been on the album , as well as ` the cage ' a fantastic unreleased gem that was left off the album , perhaps because it was also jazzy , like ` baby 's request ' . Also , ` love awake ' should really have been a separate track .
 MY PERSONAL FAVORITE BY MY IDOL ON BASS . I LOVE THE WAY SIR PLAYS BASS ON THIS ALBUM . ROCKESTRA THEME IS A COOL ROCKER . THERE 'S A LITTLE BIT OF EVERYTHING - ROCK , FUNK , POP , ART - JUST A GREAT PACKAGE . I THINK WINGS FANS SHOULD HAVE LOVED THIS ONE . BASS PLAYERS OF THE WORLD MUST PURCHASE . MAYBE IT 'S JUST ME BUT I WOULD SURE LIKE SIR PAUL TO PLAY MORE WINGS TUNES LIVE ... KINDA TIRED OF THE SAME BEATLES TUNES .
 More than any record since the Beatles White Album , ` Back to the Egg ' showcases the awesome versatility of one of the world 's greatest songwriters . Paul McCartney runs the gamut from the Punk-influenced ` Spin It On ' back to the brilliant jazz tune ` Baby 's Request ' , the latter being reminiscent of Nat King Cole 's rendition of ` Sweet Lorraine ' with backup vocals as perfect as the Andrews Sisters . The B-side medleys like ` After The Ball/How Many Million Miles ? ' are dinstinctly soulful . My favorite track , ` The Broadcast , ' pieces together spoken excerpts from Ian Hay 's ` The Sport Of Kings ' , and John Galsworthy 's ` The Little Man ' over a lush orchestral bed of strings . There 's even a marching band in the song ` Love Awake . ' The album forshadows Paul 's future affinity towards collaboration in the song ` Rockestra Theme ' with some of rock & roll 's greatest musicians : Pete Townshend -LRB- The Who -RRB- Electric guitar , Kenney Jones -LRB- The Who -RRB- Drums , John Paul Jones -LRB- Led Zeppelin -RRB- Bass , John Bonham -LRB- Led Zeppelin -RRB- Drums , andDave Gilmour -LRB- Pink Floyd -RRB- Electric guitar.Definitely worth a listen .
 Although this may not have been the biggest selling album that Wings put out , it is definately worth purchasing . It was recorded around the time that the London Town album was recorded -LRB- on a yacht in the Montserot Islands -RRB- and has some great songs on it . Arrow Through Me and I 've Had Enough were the hits from this album , but the Rockestra songs as well as the contributions from Denny Laine make it a great album.Lots of rock and roll and entertainment value for the money . Recommended !!
 Okay -- the Beatles were greater than the sum of their parts , and with McCartney 's solo work , it 's pretty clear how he benefited from being in that band -- mostly from Lennon and George Martin 's production . McCartney has written some of the best `` tunes '' around , but he has a tendency to knock off lyrics that seem pretty good , but then he 'll throw in a word like `` salamander , '' and you just go , wtf -- or another one you 'll remember ... turn on your ` motor ' of love ? Or one part of a song will be catchy and interesting , and then he 'll get to the chorus , and once again , wtf ? He needed someone to say `` everything you write is n't perfect -- maybe try a different word there . '' Or suggest the next place to go , musically speaking . Macca went straight from the Beatles to creating Wings because he valued the band dynamic . However , he never benefited from it because he never picked people who were his musical peers , so he ended up with Linda and a succession of Ringos when he really needed another Lennon -LRB- yes , I know there 's only one Lennon , and he was n't perfect either as his inconsistent solo work proves -- I 'm just saying Macca did n't have anyone around him who could challenge him musically . As a result , his solo work is hit-or-miss , and even most of his really good solo songs could 've been masterpieces if he 'd had anyone who could 've done that for him -RRB- . That said , Back to the Egg is a better album than most of the reviewers say . Yes , it has fluff , and `` again and again and again '' can start to grate on you , but most of the fluff is tuneful and listenable . The good songs , however , are really catchy , and a number of them could be Beatleworthy -LRB- with some Lennon fixes in there , that is -RRB- -- To You , So Glad to See You Here , Spin it On , Arrow Through Me , and the little medley near the end . My Baby 's Request is another period piece McCartney likes so much -- like Honey Pie . And of course , Getting Closer , which is one of my all-time favorite Macca rockers -LRB- except for the wtf `` salamander '' line -- the `` cattle beware of snipers '' is another one -RRB- . Plus , on the reissue , you get Daytime and Night-time Suffering and Wonderful Christmastime , both of which would 've made the original release stronger . Another strength this album has is that it 's mostly rock oriented , and it does n't sound dated like a lot of stuff sounds from this period . The only synth song is Arrow Through Me . The reissue 's been remastered , and whoever was at the console really cranked up the midrange for some reason -- but you can eq that down a notch or two and be fine.But my point here is this -- if you go to Allmusic or some other critic site , they give Macca albums like Red Rose Speedway , Venus and Mars , McCartney II , and London Town four stars . I 've owned them all , and they 're pretty much unlistenable , except for a radio song or two . -LRB- Red Rose is the worst -- its radio song is that smaltzy bit of tripe `` My Love '' -- my love does it good ? Whoa whoa whoa whoa ? Maybe it was better in 1973 . -RRB- Venus and Mars actually has some good tunes , but most of them are on Wings Over America , and the arrangement 's a lot better on that album . I understand where those critics are coming from -- looking at an album like you would critique a novel -- the total package , and I buy their claims that these albums were influential on later artists -- I particularly see that with Ram , which still holds up pretty well . On the other hand , Egg does n't seem like a congealed statement , or introduce a new `` sound '' or approach to making an album -- but it IS loaded with a lot of catchy songs . It 's not true that mediocre McCartney is better than most artist 's best work , although some feel that to be the case . But when Macca 's good , there 's no one better . I suppose that 's why I keep buying his stuff , hoping for at least one or two gems amid the shmaltz and half-finished ideas . Back to the Egg is an exceptional Macca album in that regard . With a couple of exceptions , it 's just an enjoyable listen .
 Wings last line up . I loved this LP so much because at that time in my life I was really looking for some rocking from Paul , and I found it ! Reception , I love the bass ! Lots of people do n't get it , its so punk , totally cool riff , and then the guitars come in ! I just picture Paul playing his Yamaha bass with his upper lip curled in an attitude `` kinda like this ! `` Then switching to the single `` Getting Closer '' via radio station search is too cool!Then you cool down with classical McCartney `` Were Open Tonight '' Such a simple tune but so inviting!Used to love `` Spin It On '' the fastest song I believe Paul has written , but after time has worn away the shock , it sounds a little silly.Again & Again ... Excellent Denny Laine tune , I wish Paul and Denny wrote more together , then maybe we would have heard more from Denny?The Hardest rocker is `` Old Siam Sir '' Very dirty sounding rocker . I remember watching the Grammy 's that year and seeing the video , Paul and Wings were looking so cool and tough playing this tune . It was awesome ! `` Arrow Through Me '' Oh what love is all about . One of Paul 's best , so smooth and such truthful lyrics , not your average silly love song!Then side 2 , oh whoops this a CD . Rockestra Theme and To You , from the Rockestra line up the most famous English rockers -LRB- still alive -RRB- to come together -LRB- featuring Pete Townshend , Ronnie Wood , John Bonham , John Paul Jones , Dave Gilmour , to name a few . Lots of energy ! You are listening to half a dozen guitars and drums and of course Paul on lead vocal -LRB- who else ? -RRB- Then after your air guitar workout , you can cool down to `` After the Ball/Million Miles '' and `` Winter Rose/Love Awake '' Very mellow McCartney tunes that are so fun to listen to , but lets get back to rocking!Skip `` The Broadcast '' - I do n't get it and I do n't want to . `` So Glad To See You Here '' Sounds like a tune written for Rockestra ! Awesome rocker.Then you get to cool off again with a jazzy little number , `` Baby 's Request '' Nap time !
 I 've had this album on record ever since I was nine years old back in 1979 . It 's always been one of my favourites.I basically bought it for the song Getting Closer , one of the only two of the album 's songs that ever made it to radio play.The other song being Arrow Through Me.Though I do recall haering Denny Laine 's song Again And Again And Again on the radio once.My other favourite songs on the album are Old Siam Sir , To You and So Glad To See You Here.My friend loves the song We 're Open Tonight.The album 's record label is pretty tasty looking too , hahaha .
 Wings final album , despite the description of `` a terrible mess '' , is overall one of McCartney 's greatest albums . Since I prefer supporting my views with great detail I will describe every track . `` Reception '' - This song is a great instrumental and a perfect introduction for the album . Got ta love that funky bass line ! It 's a fine oper with a perfect little electronic noise bridge to my personal favorite of the album : `` Getting Closer '' - A nice rocking start for the album , `` Getting Closer '' makes hardly any sense lyrically -LRB- `` Say you do n't love him , my salamander / Why do you need him / Oh no , do n't answer '' -RRB- unless you think a bit . It 's still one of Wings ' hard rockers despite the fact it would sound a little better if the chorus was repeated like in the ending . Great driving yet sort of care-free rocky beat . `` We 're Open Tonight '' - A perfect break and bridge from the rocking `` Getting Closer '' to the rocky and quick paced track `` Spin It On '' . Though I hate to compare Paul 's solo work to that of The Beatles I have to make a small comparison
 Absolutely Paul 's most underrated effort , this is an overlooked jem . Paul 's songwriting and production are at very high levels , his new Wings line-up is topnotch , and a lot of the album really rocks . I listened to this album a lot when it came out , and it was a truly rich listening experience every time . Do n't miss it . Beats the pants of the more highly regarded Venus and Mars .
 Even though McCartney 's songwriting in any time is built primary around strong melody and song craft , there were a lot of people out there who expected him to be a hard edged rocker . He did have that side to him . But often times McCartney 's additional musical interests were , at best , irritating to fans of straight ahead guitar based rock n roll . Basically during his years with Wings , Paul swam up both streams . But all was not well with a band that he fought so long to maintain AS a band , not a solo front for himself . As with the Beatles , Paul 's creative input and dominance resulted in discord . And the lineup of Wings changed with nearly every album . Some members had fragile egos . Others seemed to like partying too much . Aside from a bit of reefer here and there Paul and Linda seemed content on a pretty reasonable life at this point . And even though we had another personnel change here with Laurence Juber and drummer Steve Holly this album would end up being the end for Wings . But they decided to quite literally go out with a bang.In terms of uptempo material all of the songs here either rock very hard or have a heavy groove . Interwoven between some of the songs from the beginning are TV/radio broadcast type sound collaging . `` Reception '' is a very short and very funk oriented late 70 's variation on `` Revolution # 9 '' in that regard . `` Getting Closer '' is a wonderfully melodic guitar rocker and an excellent choice for a hit single . `` Again And Again And Again '' is another excellently crafted pop/rock , actually finding Paul ... well about as close as he probably ever got to sounding angry in a song . The speedy and essentially blues based `` Spin It On '' is about as close to punk as Paul ever got , though in a way with it 's bluesy , speedy riffs and lyrics it 's closer to some type of proto speed metal or very fast blues rock . `` Old Siam , Sir '' , `` Rockestra Theme '' and `` So Glad To See You Here '' are big arena type rockers . The ballads `` We 're Open Tonight '' , `` Winter Rose/Love Awake '' and the lightly swinging , almost jazzy melody of `` Baby 's Request '' are charming but , especially on the first two also somewhat brooding and darker . `` After The Ball/Million Miles '' is another `` Band On The Run '' pop/rock medley type song.The real highlite for me is `` Arrow Through Me '' . It 's a haunting melodic midtempo lightly reggae styled soul/funk groove with some wonderful Dyno 'd rhodes piano from Linda . I always rather loved the mysertious `` Broadcast '' , just a mans voice making what is , to me anyway a random and cryptic statement . Ditto for the classic synth pop christmas carol `` Wonderful Christmastime '' , the bouncy pop of `` Daytime Nightime Suffering '' and the country/reggae of `` Rudolph The Red Nosed Reggae '' . The album was certainly pushed heavily by Paul . He even made promo videos for half the songs . But while chart success in the US/UK was rather high at first , commercially the albums best sales for gold for the US . This was , for an artist like McCartney , almost graveyard level commercial statistics . Personally ? I do n't really care much about sales . There 's a reason why McCartney is so successful in and out of Wings or the Beatles . The man is a seriously talented songwriter . And of a sort where he can apply it to so many musical forms too . This is an example of how well he could do still in rock too . Even though the presence of John Bonham , Pete Townshend , Ronnie Lane and John Paul Jones did n't do much for this album commercially I view it as definitely a high quality Wings equivalent toAbbey Roadfrom a decade earlier . More than worth investigating .
 After bad relations broke down Wings into a three piece band -LRB- Paul , Linda , and only other consistent member Denny Laine -RRB- during their last album , Paul recruited two new members , guitarist Laurence Juber , & drummer Steve Holly , and formed a new Wings that shared little resemblance to the soft-rock/pop band that Wings had been . Instead , the band became much more rock influenced , even taking on an air or two of punk.They recorded Back To The Egg in 1979 , to release it later that year . They would give some great rockers like `` Getting Closer , '' or `` Old Siam Sir '' -LRB- the latter very much a slow burning punk song . -RRB- They did not shy away from softer numbers however , including the album 's most beautiful ballad , `` Winter Rose/Love Awake , '' the most heavily produced and arranged song on the album . Denny Laine brings one song to the table , his folk-tinged `` Again and Again and Again , '' which shows off his great vocals well . -LRB- Denny also recorded an even better song , called `` Weep For Love , '' during the sessions , which he released in 1981 on his `` Japanese Tears '' album , although the song would not have complimented this album well . -RRB- Paul gives a great Stevie Wonder tribute with `` Arrow Through Me , '' which might as well be a cover song of Wonder . -LRB- Paul & Stevie would duet on Ebony & Ivory a few years later . -RRB- Guitarist Laurence Juber has many styles of playing mastered , and his talent gives the album a great and varied feel . Perhaps the best showcase of his talent , however , is on the jazzy `` Baby 's Request . '' Like `` Honey Pie , '' or `` You Gave Me The Answer , '' the song is an old style bit , but here is more guitar oriented over brass.Paul also brought together `` Rockestra . '' The line-up is huge -LRB- and I do n't want to leave anyone out -RRB- but it features members of The Who , Pink Floyd , Led Zeppelin , and other rock stars . They do the cool `` Rockestra Theme , '' along with the less memorable `` So Glad To See You Here . `` The album has to pieces that are less about music than atmosphere . `` Reception '' is a curious introduction , featuring talking and a great bass line . `` The Broadcast '' features a man reading two poems atop a dramatic instrumental . Both pieces would be sampled for Paul 's experimental trance album `` Strawberries Oceans Ships Forest '' in 1993 . Wings had no intention of ending , and would go on to rehearse many more songs , but before they could commit to any proper sessions , bad relations would tear the band apart , leaving Paul to embark on a true solo career . This album is a great ending though , with the band finishing at a high point.BONUS TRACKSDaytime Nightime Suffering is a 1979 b-side that is often credited as a great forgotten gem , although personally , I could do without it.Wonderful Christmastime is solo Paul from the summer of ' 79 . While working on McCartney II , an album Paul did entirely on his own , with many synthesizers , he came up with this now Christmas standard . It is cute and funny , but also very seasonal.Rudolph the Red Nosed Reggae is a funny little track . Recorded circa ' 76 , and tacked on to Wonderful Chrismastime as the B-side in ' 79 , this track was done when Paul ordered a violin . When it was delivered , Paul asked the deliveryman to play a song on it , and he played Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer . Paul and the band played behind it with a reggae beat -LRB- very expected of '76 Wings -RRB- and left the recording behind , until Paul found it appropiate to release it . It is nothing more than a silly jam , but it is fun to play .
 Lets fly off the friggin path . Lets make a great big leap and just see what happens . Back to the Egg and Paul II are like , what the ?? Let the critics and the rest of the world stick to their ridgid view of the world and Paul 's expected role in it . I like Paul being brazenly himself and doing what ever he feels like doing . You can hear that all over these two records and any true Paul McCartney fan will tell you their record collection is sorely incomplete without these two records to spin when the mood strikes .
 I do n't know what 's up with the main Amazon review up there . That bit about the Little-Richard inspired rocker vs. '' . . the Manilow-esque balladeer who too often gets the upper hand here . '' ?! What album are they listening to ?! `` Back to the Egg '' is the most consistently hard-rocking album in the Wings ' catalouge . Paul would never scream like this , rock out like this , ever again . `` Spin It On '' , `` Old Siam , Sir '' , `` To You '' and `` So Glad To See You Here '' all display that McCartney had far more energy and fire than any of his peers at the time . And although it 's hard-rockers that dominate `` Back to the Egg '' , there are many styles of music
 One of the most overlooked aspects of Paul McCartney 's career is his versatility . This is the man who could write and perform Helter Skelter , Honey Pie , Ob-La-Di Ob-La-Da , and Blackbird all on the same record . His ability to compose in quite literally any style -LRB- including those outside the realm of popular music , such as classical -RRB- has always been impressive in and of itself . This eclecticism has helped and hindered him over the years , exposing his strengths and his weaknesses both , and nowhere is this more obvious than on 1979 's Back to the Egg.After the peculiar -LRB- but successful -RRB- soft rock/Euro-pop/Celtic folk amalgam of London Town , Back to the Egg functions like a late 70s version of the Beatles ' `` Get Back '' project as Paul returns to straight-up rock & roll . Pounding out pummeling riffs and thunderous drums he crafts some fine rockers , even teaming up with an all-star `` rockestra '' including Pete Townsend , John Bonham , Dave Gilmour , and more for two huge songs , So Glad to See You Here and the Grammy-winning Rockestra Theme . Of course , that does n't mean Wings -LRB- with its strong new and last lineup
 as many reviewers here , I just cant understand why some people dont like this album , even if they call themselves macca fans !! . The band sounds very well and tight , the new additions to the line up were great musicians , and less problematic than jimmy mccullough anyway . The songs are great , this is probably the rockiest wings album , and everytime paul wants , hes a hell of a rocker . Getting closer , spin it on , old siam sir , rockestra ... just great . Just as an example , look for the live 79 ' bootleg in glasgow , the last wings concert -LRB- not counting the kampuchea show -RRB- , and you will hear a great band , a repertoire probably superior than the one on wings over america , and you will see why I like this album so much . A pity that this line up was interrupted the way they did .
 Why do people insist on bashing this album ? For an album that was recorded intentionally as a non-commercial effort , Back To The Egg is a full band effort for Wings full of hooks , melody , and a great overall sound . A very rock influenced album , it is full of McCartney gems that found McCartney channeling his need to be seen as a fully-fledged rock star.In my opinion , the reason I feel that people pan this album is because of the diversity that it shows . It contains some disco-pop -LRB- Arrow Throguh Me -RRB- , Ray Charles influenced piano blues -LRB- after The Ball -RRB- , Jazz oriented slow tunes -LRB- Baby 's Request -RRB- , Funk music -LRB- Reception -RRB- , Classical -LRB- winter Rose -RRB- , Accoustic -LRB- Love Awake -RRB- and artistic -LRB- Open Tonight -RRB- . But what makes these songs and diversity work is the production -LRB- recording and mixing -RRB- of the songs . The well recorded , prominent Bass lines , great sounding drum tracks , and dueling guitar lines from Mr. Juber and Laine make the songs enjoyable.The overall sound of the album has this very dark and rocky feeling to it , and we find McCartney -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- singing in his best rock voice ever . Prime example of that is McCartneys hardest-rocking song ` Old Siam Sir ' . McCartney Belts every song out on this album as if he has something to prove.If you are interested in buying this album , buy it for the simple reason of an overall listening experience . From start to finish , it is very eclectic , but the overall sound , feel , variety , and artisticness in the songs themselves will make you feel fullfilled.I do suggest buying Band On The Run and Driving Rain before this album ... Just to get used to the McCartney-ish type rock , but do buy it indeed!Favorites : Getting Closer , Spin It On , After The Ball-Million Miles/Winter Rose-Love awake , Old Siam Sir , Rockestra , Baby 's Request , Daytime Nighttime suffering , Arrow Through Me.All the Best , The AndyMan
 This is not only the finest album by an ex-Beatle , it is probably the greatest album of the 70 's . I honestly believe that when people try to criticize this album , they are hung up on `` Love Awake , '' and its one bad line , `` snow falls in the winter/spring brings the rain , '' and maybe they 're confused by `` Arrow Through Me , '' where the torn meistro balances a cacophony of emotions on a pinpoint of icy funk.Besides that , what is the problem ?! You do n't like `` Rockestra Theme '' ? Okay , look for a `` VOLUME '' knob and try turning it CLOCKWISE . Same with `` To You '' and `` So Glad To See You Here . '' And do n't forget , this is THE studio Rockestra album . Are you crazy ? Do n't go to your grave ungrateful for the sound of that supergroup . Seriously.If you really want to dissect what makes this album totally transporting , check out the drums for a second . Hear how full and heavy , yet swift and pummelling they sound ? That 's the magic of Steve Holly recorded by Chris Thomas . Now notice how every frequency , from the bottom of the bass drum to the edge of the ride cymbal , is reflected in the extreme fullness of the bass and guitar sounds ? That 's called two , three , sometimes NINE , MAJOR rock guitarists blending perfectly under the transparent brilliance of same Chris Thomas . Do n't forget , he was also producing the first Pretenders album around this time.Get lost in the big scary world on `` Old Siam Sir '' and you know what it means to live . Stop everything when you get to `` The Broadcast '' and you 'll find guidance and grace . Maybe you do n't like `` Getting Closer '' because the totally commercial beat reminds you of some 70 's radio you 'd rather forget . In that case , go ; there 's nothing i can do for you . Work out your issues with my blessing , and come back when you 're ready.This album contains the fullest flowering of Paul 's Beatle-derived ability to sequence disparate grooves . I do n't really GET `` We 're Open Tonight , '' but it 's freaky enough and pretty and no ditty could better set you up for the next song . If you like a blast , this is where to go
 I bought this album when it first came out in 1979 and wore the grooves away . The ultimate tragedy is that this line up of Wings went bust after Paul 's Japanese jail time . I admit there is some filler on this effort but it is very interesting filler . Paul gives it his all vocally and the guitar parts are always inspired.If you have access to a surround sound system you will appreciate the fine production value . Truly a sleeper that will wake you up once again to the beauty that is McCartney .
 Here 's a very peculiar album in the McCartney catalogue.It 's the hardest and fastest LP McCartney has ever made outside of his Beatles work . It 's tuneful as well as hard rocking - and it aspires very loosely to be a concept album . The BTTE sequence is served up as a futuristic transmission as if you 're tuning into interplanetary radio . But I ca n't stress enough , all of this is just ambience - there is no cohesive ` concept ' or narrative at work here.Mostly though , this album is just plain fun . Great playing , modest ambitions well executed - it 's strangely listenable and has been on my turntable on and off for decades now . My favourite thing about this record is that it has an enigma -LRB- which seemed to start with the previous album London Town -RRB- , a nice dreamy , elusive quality which sadly disappeared in McCartney 's very sober and earnest 80 's work . ` Getting Closer ' , ` Spin it on ' , ` Old Siam Sir ' and ` So Glad ... ' are just great pounding thumping , raise the roof rock and roll . I ca n't think of another album where Macca 's bass playing is so hot ! I would love to have seen this band play these numbers in concert at the time.I 'm also a fan of the spacey ballads ` We 're open tonight ' and ` Arrow through me ' . It 's a shame that ` After the ball ' and ` Winter Rose ' do n't have the same quality because it would 've leant a bit more cohesion to the album . These two tracks would 've been more at home on ` Tug of War ' or ` Pipes of Peace ' -LRB- not my favourite McCartney era -RRB- . This album probably deserved a better fate although it was probably a good time for Wings to fold . Macca is very adept at reinvention and he went on immediately to make the sequel to his homemade totally solo 1970 album ` McCartney ' , launching the new era with the sublime , funky ` Coming Up ' , but all that was still another year away.It 's worth also noting here that Denny Laine puts in a superb pop track ` Again and again and again ' reminding us that it 's a shame he did n't have a bit more space on the band 's albums.On top of all of this you get 2 tracks by ` Rockestra ' - McCartney 's concept of an assembly of rock 's finest musicians bashing out anthemic chords . Whilst it does n't exactly disrupt , it seems a little out of place here - why not a whole rockestra album ? Fortunately the future radio concept makes diversity make sense on this record and it all adds up to one of the most enjoyable , if flawed Wings outings.Extra tracks are particularly good on this one - the much heralded ` Daytime Nightime Suffering ' is terrific and inventive , ` Wonderful Christmastime ' is also great fun and a nice segue way into Paul 's solo career . If you like Wings , you wo n't be disappointed by this one !
 I 've always thought this album was one of Macca 's best as it displays his hard edged rockin ' vocals at their very peak with an ecclectic batch of quality tunes . `` Getting closer '' was the single and it cooks with big hooks andROCKS with Mccartney 's scorching vocals . `` Arrow through me '' has got to be one of the SMOOTHEST coolest songs Macca 's ever put out with a soulful strutting groove accented with some `` Steely Dan '' style horns capped off by Macca 's suave sophisticated vocals.Mccartney also tackles some blues in the lazy swing of `` After the ball '' which flows right into the acapella gospel of `` Million Miles '' . The brief but elegantly enchanting `` Winter rose '' finds Mccartney at his refined melodic best and `` Love awake '' is laid back acoustic beauty . `` Old siam , sir '' has got to be the hardest rocking tune here as it sports a riff heavier than a ton of bricks complemented by Macca on fire belting out his vocals like a man possessed.There are a few questionable eccentric creations like the aimless repetitive `` Reception '' and the useless ramblings of the `` Broadcast '' but `` Back to the Egg ' is primo Macca for the most part.The low key jazzy charm of `` Baby 's Request '' closes out what i consider to be unquestionably Macca 's hardest rocking album and certainly one of his best.Oscar F.
 Wings ' swan song ... `` Back To The Egg '' has been a longtime favorite of mine . Do n't know why though . I guess it is due to the heaviness of the album as well as some great `` ballads '' . I distinctly remember hearing the songs Arrow Through Me and Getting Closer ont the radio at the time of this release , but yet they were not hits -LRB- the former was the bigger song IMO -RRB- . I also remember seeing a TV special that revolled around the Back To The Egg material - with the album cover coming to life at the beginning , along with promo videos of Getting Closer , Spin It On , Again & Again & Again , Arrow Through Me , Winter Rose/Love Awake and Baby 's Request.Anyway , back to the CD , the first half -LRB- or Sunny Side Up - Side 1 of the album -RRB- seems to be more upbeat than the second side -LRB- or Over Easy as it was called back then -RRB- - starting with Rockestra Theme . And when I first got this I only heard the 1st half.But listening to it numerous times now , I am enjoying the whole album and not just the `` upbeat '' songs . Especially good is the middle 2 slow songs After The Ball/A Million Miles & Winter Rose/Love Awake as well as Baby 's Request.The only downside is that I wish they stuck `` Goodnight Tonight '' on this release and not on McCartney II . It goes well with the other material as well as it 's B-Side `` Daytime Nighttime Suffering '' . Oh well , you ca n't have anything.Summary of thoughts
 I am not the biggest McCartney fan , and I own -LRB- of his musical output post-Beatles -RRB- only `` Band on the Run '' , `` Venus and Mars '' , `` London Town '' , `` McCartney 1 & 2 '' , and on other occasions `` Flowers in the Dirt '' , `` Tug Of War '' and `` Ram '' -LRB- now all sold ! -RRB- . But the one album I would not get rid of that McCartney produced is `` Back to the Egg '' . This album has to be the best thing he did after leaving The Beatles . I re-submit , I am NOT the biggest McCartney fan , preferring the work of George Harrison , but `` Back to the Egg '' has absolutely great songs all over it . `` Arrow Through Me '' I 'm surprised never made it to radio , it 's one of his finest compositions . His bass work throughout this album makes it worth the price of admission . The only album of his I would keep if my house was on fire and I had to save just one of McCartney 's solo albums .
 Hailing from Germany , Falkenbach aims to produce Viking metal that has roots in black metal . Vratyas Vrakyas is the brilliant composer of the band . Heralding the Fireblade was released in 2005 . It is a mighty release that has many influences in the music and the lyrics are written about the pagan inhabitants of the Scandinavian region who do not conform to Christianity.The song ` Heathen Foray ' is definitely one of my favorites and quite a surprise to hear . Vratyas ' beautiful vocals soar in this inspiring peace that has a great leads by the flute and strings . ` Of Forests Unknown ' brings the listener back to reality that the band does favor black metal . The song ` Heralder ' features a strong lead in the beginning and Vratyas showcases his black metal inspired screams.All in all , Falkenbach shine with this release and do not disappoint by any means . I would recommend new fans to start here , and then check out the rest of the catalogue . Heralding the Fireblade is an intense ride back in time when Vikings sailed to and from Iceland and lived their lives according to the ways of the Norse gods . Fans of Folk and Viking metal will be impressed . Falkenbach had one of the best releases of 2005 .
 It 's the sheer awesome brilliance of this album that has prompted me to write this review as to be honest I do n't usually bother . For anyone out there who is n't familiar with Viking metal but thinks they may like it , one listen to this Nordic masterpiece will leave them in no doubt . This album contains all the elements essential to the viking sound in abundance ; thundering guitars , superb vocals both harsh and mellow , bombastic choirs and epic heroic melodies and choruses . You know how some albums , although excellent , can be a bit one-paced with little variation in tempo ? Not this one . It masterfully blends a great range of tempos throughout the album which keeps the listener guessing what 's coming next -LRB- on the first listen anyway -RRB- . In conclusion I too must make particular mention of track 5 ` Heralder ' . Simply put this is one of the most epic , uplifting and memorable metal songs I 've ever heard and in my case that 's saying something . If the hairs on the back of your neck , and the rest of your body for that matter , do n't rise when this classic gets going then quite simply you should n't be listening to metal music at all.Hail to Falkenbach , Hail to metal , Hail to his next album .
 Falkenbach returns with more of the Viking/Folk/Epic Metal they 've been known for throughout the years and once again they fail to disappoint . The album begins with `` Heathen Foray '' , a song I swear I heard on their 1998 album Magni Blandinn Ok Megintiri ... , but it seems to have been given a reworked touch here . The same applies to song # 6 , `` Laeknishendr '' . If I 'm keeping count correctly , this is the 3rd time this song gets re-recorded . The rest of the compositions show the majesty of clean vocals if used the right way , along with choir chanting , giving an aura of mental landscapes Viking era-Bathory like in the song `` Heralder '' . New tracks like `` Walkiesjar '' and `` Of Forest Unknown '' display a degree of freshness and epicness . Overall , it 's great to see this band has n't lost its style and keeps producing majestic Metal that lasts for ages .
 I recently came into the posession of a sampler CD from the metal mag Terrorizer which included the track `` Heralder '' . I 'm a casual fan of symphonic Black Metal , and this is the probably one the best tracks I 've heard in years . It is produced so beautfully that I was moved to play the track 3 times in a row . It keeps the heaviest of edges while giving the listener the sensation of floating above Nordic battlefields in warm comfort.I 'm ordering this CD right now .
 If Your into viking an black metal music . An some folk . Its a great album i like all the songs an as well As the album cover . I JUST got it an allready playing it in my cd player . It rocks an im enjoying it .
 The first viking metal album that ever really drew me in . Its not in the standard plastic CD case , so do n't expect to get that -LRB- cuz I sure did -RRB- . Its very good whether you are new to the folk or pagan side of black metal or a veteran of the genre . Very good production value , and definitely worth the $ $ paid for it !
 Flawless , lively instrumentals of old-timey `` front porch '' music ! Instruments used are fiddle , banjo , mandolin , bass , dobro , acoustic guitar & hammered dulcimer . No vocals . It takes you right back to that `` cabin in the woods '' . I used to play this in the antiques & crafts store I worked in , and I could have sold it a million times ! You will NOT be disappointed . Give it a try !
 If you enjoy Bluegrass music , this is a wonderful album . Enjoy !
 He 's Steppin ' Out - a unique collection of humorous Bible lessons performed by the Joe Holt Trio
 Speezy Ace , Fetty Chico , Spice 1 , etc. is back after only 7 months since his `` Ridah '' album and his `` Pioneers '' group album w / MC Eiht , -LRB- and his 11th solo album -- not counting compilations and group albums of his -RRB- and in my opinion it is slightly better than the last 2 I mentioned above . Not as good as most of his earlier albums -LRB- but not many rap albums in general are -RRB- , but then again I 'd say 5 or 6 of them are 5 star classics no doubt . Guests are on about 6 of the 15 songs so you get a lot of Spice 1 on here . Production is good from a lot of people I never heard of . YMA does 6 songs , Greedy does 3 , C-Note and Amazen A. each do 2 and W.S. Bugg and Scully do 1 each . I 'd have like to see some Ant Banks , Payback , or BLACKjack or some of the other producers from his early works but oh well . It has 2 near classics , 3 ok songs , 2 I skip , and the other 8 are good . From track 10 - 14 it gets a little weak . A good album to have for his fans . # 1 - 8.5 # 2 - 9 -LRB- about how most of the rappers out now that sell are wack & I agree 110 % -RRB- # 3 - 8 -LRB- f / michelob & 40 glocc -RRB- # 4 - 7.5 # 5 - 8 # 6 - 9.5 -LRB- about all the stuff on the radio & Videos are from fake @ $ $ gangsters -RRB- # 7 - 9 -LRB- about the characters in the rap game today -RRB- # 8 - 8.5 -LRB- f / W.S. Bugg -RRB- # 9 - 8.5 -LRB- clever rapping about candy -- like his hit `` 187 Proof '' all about liquor and beer -RRB- # 10 - 7 # 11 - 6.5 -LRB- f / ???? -RRB- # 12 - 7.5 -LRB- f / 40 glocc & Michelob -RRB- # 13 - 6 -LRB- f / 40 glocc & michelob & Sean T ?? -RRB- # 14 - 7 -LRB- f / michelob -RRB- # 15 - 9.5 -LRB- a sort of remake of his 1994 classic `` East Bay G 's '' -RRB- b. Robert Lee Green Jr. -- b. in Texas moved to Hayward/Oakland , CA -- b. around 1970Check out all my reviews
 One of the best recordings you 'll likely find of Dvorak 's famous 9th Symphony , this recording by Enrique B&aacute;tiz and the London Philharmonic Orchestra is simply stellar . The sonics are incredible and the performance absolutely first rate , and , yes , this is from 1981 . Individual movements are presented with emotion and power , and one searches in vain to find any slip or weakness . Making it even more appealing is that the recording itself is a sonic gem , a true testament to how recordings can be done if enough effort is put into it . Dynamic range is wide , noise levels essentially non-existent , and the richness of the orchestra 's performance easily shines forth.But the real strength of this is the fruit of the collaboration between B&aacute;tiz and the London Philharmonic Orchestra . It 's an emotional and powerful treat that only the most hardened could not enjoy.Whether you are new to Dvorak 's 9th Symphony or are a collector , this performance and recording is one not to be missed . Five stars .
 Don Wilner is a good bassist based out of Miami , and this is a very intereseting recording that offers a good amount of Brazilian standards in a Jazz format -LRB- 7 out of 11 -RRB- . His guests here are : - Goetz Kujack / Drums & Percussion - Mike Orta / Piano & Synth - Eric Alexander / Sax - Sammy Figueroa / Percussions - Kenny Drew Jr. / Pianoand the big attractions for this album are : - Ramatis Moraes / Acoustic Guitarsand - Rose Max / Vocals & PercussionsRose Max is an excellent singer with a beautiful voice that can cover a big array of rhythms , and here , she masterfully sings 5 tunes : a -RRB- `` O Morro Nao Tem Vez '' of Antonio Carlos Jobimb -RRB- `` Oceano '' of Djavanc -RRB- `` Incompatibilidade de Genios '' of Joao Boscod -RRB- `` Comecar de Novo '' of Ivan Linsande -RRB- `` A Felicidade '' of Antonio Carlos JobimTracks are -LRB- Not shown by Amazon -RRB- :1 -RRB- Mohave2 -RRB- O Morro Nao Tem Vez3 -RRB- Oceano4 -RRB- Some Other Time5 -RRB- Incompatibilidade de Genios -LRB- a.k.a. Latin Lover -RRB- 6 -RRB- On Green Dolphin Street7 -RRB- In a Sentimental Mood8 -RRB- You Do n't Know What Love Is9 -RRB- Coemcar de Novo -LRB- a.k.a. . The Island -RRB- 10 -RRB- Retrato em Branco e Preto11 -RRB- A Felicidade
 I am really into this type of music . This album is everything I would have hoped for . Worth your time and investment .
 Excellent CD ! Blood of the Dragon is really good . It has uplifting songs as well as a few slower ballads . It is not as Gothic with dirges as other Nox Arcana disks , although there are still some terrific Gothic influences . I thought this music disk captured the Essence of Dragons rather well . Like all other Nox Arcana disks , imagination is required while listening to the music . The songs portray an adventurer 's quest to rid the world of immense Evil of Dragonkind , and I think the music does a good job of bringing such a quest to life.Very nice music disk .
 Once again Nox Arcana scores a hit with Blood Of The Dragon , their sixth cd . This cd is a must have for any die hard fan of the immortal roleplay game Dungeon and Dragons and the premise itself would make for an exciting campaign . The premise is the legend that long ago the rulers of four ancient kingdoms concealed a treasure trove of their most prize possessions deep within the earth . A spell was cast to keep the treasure from all but the most worthy and each king posed a riddle that needed to be solved before the treasure could be claimed and bestow immortality upon the one who found it . But with all great treasures it had its misfortune as the mystic sigil holding the secret to uncovering it was stolen by he who 's name shall not be spoken , the dreaded Dark Lord.As usual the tracks laid down are truly spectacular . `` Ancient Legacy '' would have be a wonderful addition to any sword and sorcery film made ; `` Mist Loch '' is a beautiful and haunting tune , `` Dragon Riders '' swells with bravado and passion ; `` Flame Tongue '' gives you an all-to-close-for-comfort encounter with a dragon 's mouth . From Gloom Wood to The Phantom Sea , through Mist Loch and The Shadow Lands join Nox Arcana on this epic quest to claim a great treasure and forge a Champion in the process .
 The theme of this invigorating Classical / Mideival opus is that of Fantasy-Action-Adventure , with music reminiscent of Highlander at some points , with a distinct Dungeons & Dragons flavor . A veritable soundtrack to warrior escapades into realms of myth and legend , dragons and knights , misty lochs , Sorcerers and maidens fair . Great musick to plunge the depths of the imagination to accompany many mental adventures , with narrations from a veritable `` Over Watcher '' leads you into places only dreamed of in dark lore fane.The Ancient Legacy beckons The Mighty as The Quest Begins . The Citadel of Secrets awaits your entrance , towering from knotted vines and black iron gates . Can you translate the ancient runes encribed on yellowed scrolls to lead you to the next great discovery ? Deep within the lambent temple dim by flickering torch flame , consult The Sorcerer to find the Treasure of The Four Crowns , where your journey twists along dark paths amidst the Highland Storm unto the enchanting Mist Loch where many mysteries dwell , transmutating fog swirls about you revealing ghostly forms and phantom faces ; a gateway to the Underworld opens beyond The Mystic 's Keep , leading down through the Stygian Depths where the Legions of Darkness await . Hellfires leap from below with vengeful demonic cries , whose denizens shall soon pillage the land . Steeds of Thunder shake the heavens and quake the earth in their terrible wrath as baneful spectres emerge with eyes aglow in infernal light.Rogue 's Hollow there dwells shrouded in a haze of ancient spell as the Warrior 's Dawn glows red , an omen of what is to come . With hearts pounding , The Siege yields Dragon Riders sillhouetted upon the horizon , as the fearsome Flame Tongue spreads across the bloodied land . Defenders of The Realm rise up to battle these shadowy phantoms with warcries echoing through the ages . Within the marble-laden Chamber of The Immortals , the living gods are present , and with the Blood of The Dragon , hail the Eternal Champions evermore.As usual , the actual CD and booklet are splendidly elegant , filled with marvellous artwork -LCB- including a topographical map of Draconia -RCB- , and accentuating storylines.Dare you step through the arcane portal into fabled dangerous dimensions to face nightmarish creatures and bewitching beings who rise up from the Stygian depths ? Can you solve the riddle and survive to become part of the legend , or perish where many mighty have fallen ...
 This soundtrack is a must hear for all gaming fans and those who enjoy Fantasy films and their soundtracks . Others have tried but Nox Arcana gets it right . You feel as though you are in the middle of the action , and you will be swept into a different time and place.Huzzah Nox Arcana HuzzahExtremely Highly Recommended !
 Honestly , I would 've never known about Nox Arcana if it were n't for the day I found this album while surfing the ` Net . Then again , it 's a good thing I did , because if the rest of the duo 's albums are nearly as inspired and inspiring as this one is , then I just might get my hands on those as well.Though the main purpose of Nox Arcana 's 2006 album Blood of the Dragon is to provide background music for such medieval fantasy tabletop RPGs as Dungeons & Dragons and White Wolf 's Swords of Sorcery/Scarred Lands , it must be said that even on its own merit , this album presents unto its audience a pretty impressive story . You see , in the land of Draconia , '' ... dragons ruled the skies , and kingdoms rose and fell at the end of a sword . '' Such is Joseph Vargo 's brooding narration in `` Ancient Legacy , '' which welcomes listeners to the Blood of the Dragon campaign setting and introduces them to a world where only those adventurers `` possessed of the warrior spirit '' with `` the blood of the dragon -LSB- flowing -RSB- through their veins '' have what it takes to tackle the dangers that lie ahead of them on their quests . Needless to say , this song is a respectable intro , but `` Treasure of the Four Crowns '' also does a commendable job of illustrating the essence of this album and the yarn it spins . Complete with tambourine beats and the talents of vocalist Jeff Endemann , this song is reminiscent of a traditional bard 's tale and describes an ancient treasure guarded by the sinister Lord of Shadows -- a prize that promises immortality to those who can break the enchantment that guards it and hence claim it for their own . Undoubtedly , this tune is pretty catchy , and what 's more is that it 's inserted in just the right place on the CD -- right at the beginning for the sake of story continuity , yet also in the middle of some of the more driven songs to provide a decent break in the action . Of course , that does n't mean that the rest of these tracks should be ignored on any account , for they each have a sound of their own that helps to compliment the overall tone of the album , which is deep , dark , foreboding , and esoteric . Such is exactly what draws many fans of contemporary fantasy to the genre -LRB- not all , I 'll admit , but still a lot -RRB- and how tabletop RPG fans like their gaming sessions . Better still is how this CD has a song for every occasion within a commonplace RPG adventure , from dungeon delving -LRB- `` Underworld '' and `` Stygian Depths '' -RRB- to full-scale battles and encounters with monsters -LRB- `` The Siege '' and `` Flame Tongue , '' respectively -RRB- to deeds of heroism -LRB- `` Warrior ` s Dawn '' -RRB- . There 's even a bonus track at the end of `` Eternal Champions , '' the final song on the album , that features a treasure guardian who poses a riddle for the heroes to answer if they truly wish to acquire the relic he is keeping watch over . Seriously , it 's little touches like that that help Blood of the Dragon live up to its claim of being `` The ultimate soundtrack for all sword & sorcery adventures . `` All in all , Nox Arcana knew bloody well what they were doing when they created Blood of the Dragon , and I strongly encourage fans of tabletop fantasy RPGs to buy it not only for use in their own campaigns , but simply for their own peace of mind . Its rich , gothic atmosphere really adds flavor to any setting , but even more important is how its own premise forms the basis of what can very well be crafted into an official RPG setting in its own right . This gives the CD listening value that gamers , Game Masters , and other fans of medieval fantasy would be shrewd to take into account , for not doing so would strongly dampen one 's experience with this album . Fear not the magic , fantasy lovers -- embrace it !
 At first glance , you might think that this is another gothic genre CD . It is much more . It 's essentially a lyrical story of knights pursuing and battling their legendary arch-foes -- dragons . The music is shaded on the darkside with rises and falls in tempo 's that will captivate your attention and engage your imagination . The lyrics will lure you into a hynoptic web as images cascade across your mental screen . It is well worth the loot to get this piece of dragon booty .
 All those who would seek a majestic musical opus will do well to pay heed . A new tale has been woven by night 's most masterful minstrels . 'T is a grand tale indeed , of mystery , intrigue , danger , honor , glory , vegeance , and treasure beyond the reckoning of many a mortal mind . Behold , `` Blood Of The Dragon '' stirs from it 's ages-long slumber , and what an adventure it is upon which any listener shall be invited to embark .1 . Ancient Legacy - The very first moments of this tell me we are in for a much different tale , and a grand thing it is . The music does not drift in gradually and ` creep ' up on us . No , instead a powerful bass drum hit and rousing choral passages immediately throw us right into the middle of this epic . It calls to mind a clear sky with clouds drifting in over a bloodred sunset as we are given a panoramic view of a lush and rugged landscape , then taken into a village where a white-robed bard or sage dark of hair and piercing of eye sits among those gathered about a fire to begin his tale : `` In the time of the ancient gods , dragons ruled the skies and kingdoms rose and fell at the end of a sword . Legendary quests beckoned with the promise of danger and glory , and only a brave few dared to heed the call . For honor and vengeance the ventured forth with steel and sorcery to combat the merciless legions of darkness . For it was said that those who answered the call were possessed of the warrior spirit , and the blood of the dragon flowed through their veins . `` This stirring preamble is underscored by a compelling mixture of strings and soft drums . At its conclusion , the piece is closed out brilliantly with more strings , soft percussion , rousing choral work , and the drawing of a sword .2 . The Quest Begins - If I had to use three words to describe this piece , they would be ` pageantry ' ` hope ' and ` beauty ' . It 's a wonderful blending of stirring string work , beautiful chorus , majestic horns and blood-pumping drumbs . It is easy for me to depict an army of valliant knights and warriors preparing to venture forth to accomplish the bidding of their king amdist grand spectacle amidst tender farewells to loved ones and the hope of a glorious return .3 . Citadel Of Secrets - This piece really impresses me with effective simplicity . With no more than a choir and a tolling bell , Nox Arcana is able to convey mystery , melancholy , wonder , reverence and power.Within my mind I see a candlelit temple where the guardians of vital ancient knowledge remain ever vigilant and secluded , yet willing and able to aid any who dare to seek them , that they might grant the boon of much needed knowledge and lore .4 . Sorceror - Chorus , drums , and swirling strings do a fantastic ` waltz ' here . The chorus is especially majestic and powerful but everything blends wonderfully as the piece to me depicts a wise wizard working his craft expertly , that he might aid those embarked upon a vital quest filled with great peril .5 . Treasure Of The Four Crowns - I 'll get right to the point for this one . This is a beautiful ballad . A heart-tugging blend of guitar , exotic percussion and gentle flute is combined with the bardic voice of guest vocalist Jeff Endemann . The blending of that voice with a solemn narration by Joseph Vargo in the middle of this piece works pure magic . It is a beautiful ode to a perilous quest for an ancient artefact prized of many for its power to grant immortality upon the worthy finder .6 . Highland Storm - A majestic musical movement , easily worthy to depict a tale straight out of Celtic myth . Rousing and blood-stirring Highland pipes start us off . The thunder of the bodhran soon appears , first mating with the pipes in a mighty slow thunder , and then picking up in pace to a gallop as it is overlaid with wonderful fidle work . I love the choral and cello work in this one too , and the mix of the Irish Uilleann pipes into it all . Taken together , this calls to mind misty emerald fields , meadows , and mountains through which warriors both mounted and afoot charge into and engage in desperate clash , beneath overcast and weeping grey skies as thunder and lightning mightily sing together , crashing and flashing repeatedly through the heavens .7 . Mist Loch - This is a perfect blend of beauty , mystery , menace and wonder . A beautiful harp passage is mated with a haunting siren 's call . I love the feel imparted by the deep bass instrument , and the feeling of ominous dread invoked by it as it couples with a tolling bell Together , thest things show me a murky mist-clad waterway through which a regal songstress guides us with her voice and harp . The question is , to where , and what awaits ahead ? 8 . Underworld - I was initially surprised how much I love this piece , but love it I do . Despite it 's darkly suggestive title , this piece is anything but PURELY dark to the point of becoming drab . It is dark indeed but it has sense of awe and wonder in it and is very much a rousing piece too . Pounding drums and a deep bass instrument that sounds to me a bit luke a tuba in it 's depth of tone start us off ... blending with strings that give us both a sense of adventure and urgency together . It is as if now the mighty hero has crossed the lake of mist and is entering deep dark caverns , exploring their secrets with his brothers in arms on the way to whatever lies ahead on his quest . The choral work in this peice lends a majestic power and magnifies the intensity tenfold .9 . The Mystic 's Keep - Here , we get exotic . The feel to me is heavily Egyptian , Middle Eastern and Arabic . What sounds like a sort of gong is blended with invigorating Middle Eastern style percussion and tambourines . The piece is embellished further by boisterous male and pretty and soft female choral work , as well beautiful guitar and harp in the back of the piece and a rythmic powerful chant performed by co-composer Joseph Vargo in the front . To me , in my mind I see a a dimly lit but welcoming hidden sanctuary , nestled deep within perilous caverns . It is a haven where brave adventures may partake of brief rest and gain new information from a reclusive but wise denizen . The deeper bass drumming is especially strong here .10 . Stygian Depths - This piece is a mood setter as much as anything . It is comprised of the sound of wind , blending with a deeply booming drum and what appears to me to be the sounding of a great and ancient dark battle horn . The wind has an eerie howling moan effect to it that works wonders for the piece . It invokes pure dread as we await the imminent peril that is certain to come our way , and is a perfect segue for us into ... 11 . Legions Of Darkness - Tense and pounding strings and drums blend with a deep horn and male choir here to take us on this part of the journey . I love how the clash of swords and what sounds like chainmail-guarded footsteps blend with the percussion . A tolling bell makes a nice appearance too . To me this arrangement is dead-on as a fit for the title , depicting a meeting with relentless armies emerging from the depths both to confront and hinder adventurers that would dare to come . The final tolling bell is a very nice touch .12 . Steeds Of Thunder - Here we are aurally gifted and presented with deep rousing horns and thunderous pounding drums . They dance for us with powerful male and female choir and urgent strings . Mighty equine beasts are easily visualized , kicking up great clouds of dust and trodden earth as they gallop across great majestic fields . The powerful chorus compounds the already tremendous strength of this piece .13 . Rogue 's Hollow - I am amazed by this . Why , you ask ? Two words
 Techniclly , you do n't need a soundtrack to play Dungeons and Dragons , or maybe a `` Lord of the Rings '' Monopoly game . But asuming you WANT one , then Nox Arcana 's latest , `` Blood of the Dragon , '' is an excellent option -- majestical , fantastical , gothic , and geeky.It opens with fantasy-rock flourishes , steam hissing , and a chorus of powerful choirlike voices . Very `` Lord of the Rings . '' Then a deep voice says very solemnly
 I 've now had Blood of the Dragon for over a week and here are my impressions.I was a little on the fence as to whether or not I would actually like this album when I read that the theme was `` Dungeon 's and Dragon 's '' material.I 've never been into that sort of thing except for the occasional `` Legend of Zelda '' video game.Then I listened to the samples and I was hooked.One of the things that I love most about Nox is the Shadow Choir and they are really let loose on this disc.Big , bold , stunning choir work.Since the `` evil choir '' dominates this disc it 's quickly taking it 's place as one of my favorite releases from Nox right up there with `` Blackthorn Asylum '' . Let 's jump to it.The good.Excellent production as always.Crisp , clear.Pounding drums , gothic chants , and my already highly praised shadow choir in all their glory.Stand out tracks are ... Track three , `` Citadels of Secrets `` Track four , `` Sorcerer '' . Track seven , `` Mist Loch `` Track nine , `` The Mystic 's Keep `` Track ten , `` Stygian Depths `` Ok I give up , I 'm not going to keep listing stand out tracks , there are too many of them.My favorite track has to be track `` Chamber of the Immortals '' . Love this cd . I was hoping Nox would really unleash the Shadow Choir on one album and this is the one.Haunting.Gorgeous.Powerful.Epic.Buy it.Highly recommended .
 Many of the excellent reviews here appear to be written by younger people who are affiliated with the Goth scene or other arcane artistic elements . I am , by way of contrast , a 50-year-old man who wears a suit five days a week and who is generally ensconced in a rather conservative profession and social network . Having discovered Nox Arcana -LRB- NA , hereafter -RRB- a few years ago when Amazon recommended them to me , and realizing immediately that this is profound , intense , totally wonderful music , I feel obliged to chip in my two-cent 's worth . My fear is that NA is , or could be , marginalized as music for only those involved in Goth `` studies '' or other macabre interests , or that this music could be unfairly sequestered as `` Halloween music . '' Either limitation would be highly unfortunate . I believe this music is nothing short of brilliant and would have broad appeal to most who hear it.Please note that this review does not apply specifically to just this album . I am posting this on all the NA albums . I first bought `` Transylvania . '' Upon receiving it , and listening to it one time , I immediately bought every single NA album . They are all obviously of the same dark genre , and they are all superb . There may be a few that stand out as my favorites , but all of them are 10/10 . Why did Amazon recommend NA to me ? I 'm not sure if it related to my purchase history of ambient music , or horror films , or both combined . I had invested quite a bit of time and money pursuing both interests , and it was insightful for the Amazon program to realize that NA was right up my alley.In fact , the Amazon recommendation sated an ongoing and expensive frustration . The ambient music I 'd been spending a fortune on was not satisfying . The fascination with ambient music began with Angelo Badalamenti 's soundtrack music for `` Twin Peaks '' in the early 90s . That album captivated me for a couple of years . I must have given 25 copies as gifts , and everyone had a resounding response . So , I tried to expand on that attraction , and had limited success . Too much ambient music relies on minimalism . Brian Eno 's material is haunting , but it does n't always captivate me . My mind will wander . A lot of ambient merges into techno or electronic , which actually tended to ambient me into a full-blown migraine ! And so , I had a box with about 75 ambient CDs , and maybe five of them really merited repeated playing.What I was looking for was music that captures me and whisks me away into an alternative state of mind . As someone who has job with a lot of responsibility , and as a father , I ca n't drop LSD on my Tuesday nights . In fact , I have to keep it down to two drinks or less if I want to be clear-headed the next morning . And , I do n't have the time for yoga or meditation . Music has always seemed to be the best route for efficient escapism . While my traditional musical affinity has always been of a hard rock orientation , as I `` matured '' I realized that in addition to Led Zeppelin and AC/DC there were other more mellow artists who did add richness and meaning to my life
 I like this album , in that it has a lot of feeling and emotion in the songs . However , I do n't know if it 's a perfect fit for background music during roleplaying games . Nevertheless , it 's diverse in its delivery , with an almost monastery-like sound in some of the early songs . TREASURE OF THE FOUR CROWNS is a nice change of pace , and has some good vocals . There are some standouts , like MIST LOCH , which captures the D&D feeling . THE MYSTIC 'S KEEP is another good track that gets me D&D - primed . This album is upbeat in a lot of ways , which is in contrast to what I was expecting from a roleplaying-inspired soundtrack . An eerie feeling is what I expected in a lot of the songs , such as a sound that coincides with being in a dungeon or some other forbidding place . Overall , this album is solid . 8/10
 Nox Arcana makes a bit of a departure from the realm of gothic nightmares to visit the domain of dragons , swords and sorcery.This cd is more epic-sounding than any of the band 's previous releases , and although about half of the 21 tracks deliver dynamic orchestrations with powerful chanting , the cd also contains some beautiful smaller tracks with acoustic guitars and haunting choir work.The track `` Treasure of the Four Crowns '' has lyrics that give clues to a secret quest that is hidden among the fantastic cd artwork.This is a band that continually strives to outdo themselves and always succeeds in delivering a thoroughly entertaining and captivating body of work.Highly recommended .
 A role players dream background music , adds a whole new dimension to games for just the right ambiance ... It 's also great to listen to softly in the background while reading fantasy novels ... put on battle tracks to battle scenes and you fall right into a whole new experience .
 This is not a CD you 're going to dance to ... or study with ... or probably even put in the stereo to kick back and enjoy . It 's mood music for your gaming , pure and simple . There are a couple of tracks that are kind of cheesy , but hey , if you 're using this as a mood enhancer for a rousing game of D&D , who are you to complain about cheesy ? :-RRB- Overall , several different themes throughout . And unlike other discs by folks that are decidedly less talented , you 'll be able to tell when you 've moved from one track to the next .
 In just a few short years , Nox Arcana has pioneered and perfected the gothic instrumental genre , and now they have taken the genre to an entirely new level . `` Blood of the Dragon '' is an arresting symphonic experience that takes the listener on a journey back to a mythic , medieval world populated by sorcerers , warring knights and lethal dragons . This setting provides a rich canvas for Joseph Vargo and William Piotrowski to work their magic , and the composers deliver crisp , memorable melodies brought to life with the most intricate and impressive orchestrations Nox Arcana has yet created . Strings , horns and percussion are backed by stirring choirs and sound effects that easily conjure images of clashing swords , marching armies and awe-inspiring dragons . One of the CD 's highlights is `` Highland Storm , '' in which an urgent violin melodically chases a rhythm of pounding war drums , evoking images of horsemen racing across a storm-tossed plain . Another standout piece is the stark , slower-paced `` Rogue 's Hollow , '' a haunting mandolin song that showcases Nox Arcana 's uncanny ability to craft elegant , meditative melodies that will linger in the listener 's mind long after the CD has ended . Jeff Endemann 's impressive guest vocal on the ballad-like `` Treasure of the Four Crowns '' is yet another CD highlight , demonstrating how Nox Arcana can move easily among musical styles , from stirring , symphonic war anthems to moody ballads and minstrel pieces . `` Blood of the Dragon '' should have been the soundtrack to Lord of the Rings - it 's that good . You have to hear it to believe it .
 Whether it be by sword , sorcery or just plain creative genius Nox Arcana has stirred up an amazing alchemical mix of power-filled and haunting tunes . The bardic voice of guest vocalist Jeff Endemann is so heartbreakingly beautiful on `` The Treasure of the Four Crowns '' one can just imagine a lone shadow wandering a windswept cliff singing to the soul of those who would answer the call to this ancient quest . Vargo and Piotrowski lay out a feast fit for Kings and Queens - a feast for the ears , the eyes -LRB- Vargo 's artwork adorns the accompanying booklet -RRB- and the heart that hungers for magick , mystery and a majesty of dizzying proportions . Escape to this realm and claim your right to the Blood of the Dragon .
 `` Sacred heart '' is an interesting album of two interestingladies . The different voices build a harmony and fittogether very well . Fahey 's voice is a killer andunderlined by Detroit . The best tracks on the album are `` Run silent '' , `` Sacred heart '' , `` Dirty mind '' , the Bob Marley-Cover `` Could you be loved ? '' and `` You made me come to this '' . Siobhan Fahey -LRB- former Bananarama -RRB- and Marcella Detroit -LRB- former Marcella Levy -RRB- show us a nice pop - collectionwith dark sounds -LRB- more impressing in the 92-Album `` HormonallyYours '' -RRB- .
 I found out about shakespears sister when i saw the video for `` you 're history '' on a static filled television . although i could see very little the song caught me ! Lead singer , Siobhan Fahey , was originally in the pop group , Bananarama . Her own sound and lyrics are a complete change from the sugar pop of Bananarama . Run Silent , Dirty Mind , Sacred Heart , You 're History , Electric Moon , & You Made Me Come To This are among the albums best tracks . Not only is the music good , but siobhan is a hell of a performer ... You wo n't be disappointed !! Get this classic cd !
 Shakespear 's Sister 's success was , sadly , short-lived . Their first two albums remain late '80s / early '90s masterpieces . I prefer this , their debut , which is full of catchy pop confections . From the seductive opening track , `` Heroine '' , to the hypnotic title track , to the classic `` You 're History '' , this album rarely misses a beat . Even the cover of Bob Marley 's `` Could You Be Loved '' works . Siobhan Fahey 's deep , sultry vocals combined with Marcella Detroit 's sweet , high-pitched voice made a perfect combination . Too bad their partnership did n't last longer , but we 're thankful for `` Sacred Heart '' . Highly recommended for '80s junkies .
 Two ladies with voice - contrast show usa dark pop - collection with interestingsounds . `` Run silent '' , `` Dirty mind '' , `` Sacred heart '' , `` You made me come to this `` and the Bob Marley - classic `` Could you beloved ? '' are the best ones on thiswell - made collection .
 This kind of music is not found in a lot of music these days . The way they sing , truly remarkable .
 I 've been looking for this CD for months on iTunes - not released in US . Purchased item from vendor listed - item was received in less than ten day - no scratches , played well and downloaded to my iTunes . Thanks for the quick , fast service !
 My wife and I have had this album for several years . We may put it away for awhile , but it always resurfaces to be played again and again . It is gentle and easy listening ; one our friends enjoy -LRB- asking for the artists name -RRB- when they hear it for the first time - just like we did . Highly recommended .
 This is the Thickets ' best cd to date . They just keep getting more and more polished with each release . The songs have real feeling , no pop pablum here . The sound effects accompanying the music are awe-inspiring . Buy this cd . Cthulhu wants you to . Then whine for a rerelease of `` Cthulhu Strikes Back '' and `` Great Old Ones '' , if you do n't have them . Still THE most unique band in music today .
 Like most long time Thickets fans , I 've been waiting for this album for quite a while and personally I was worried that it might be a bit disappointing . But not only did the Thickets prove me wrong , they exceed all of my expectations and delivered their best album yet . It 's just plain fantastic , with Frogstar , The Chosen One , and The Math song among my favorites . There is a nice mix of the old Thickets sound , found on albums like The Great Old Ones and Cthulhu Strikes Back . But at the same time there is enough that is fresh to keep it interesting . As for `` A 12-year old music fan '' , I am curious as to which album he 's actually reviewing . It certainly is n't the Spaceship Zero that I own . Like most soundtracks there is an eclectic mix of songs , vocals and instrumentals , guitars and techo . The last thing that could describe this CD is 15 songs that sound the same .
 I 'm a newcomer to The Darkest of the Hillside Thickets and after a lot of searching , was able to get my copy of this CD . I 've listened to it several times and have yet to grow tired of a single song.The songs are all very catchy and the Thickets show great promise as they quickly hone their skills with their instruments . The singer , Toren MacBin , and the bassist , Bob Fugger , particularly shine in songs like The Innsmouth Look and 20 Minutes of Oxygen , two of my favorite songs.The Math Song is also an oddly charming little number that I find myself whistling to unconsciously . The theme of old school sci-fi and Lovecraftian literature is definately a pleasant switch from so many mainstream bands which , in my opinion , are mostly either insipidly vapid pop groups that sound like they came out of cloning vats , or doom and gloom angry white male bands who also sound as if they came out of cloning vats.The creative ensemble of this group really is a pleasant switch . If you 're looking for something different with a catchy punk-ish edge , I recommend The Darkest of the Hillside Thickets .
 For fans of a little band named The Darkest of the Hillside Thickets , Spaceship Zero is yet another fun album . But for anyone who has n't heard of the band , this could be the introduction to a talented group of Canadian guys . Highlight songs are `` 20 Minutes of Oxygen '' -LRB- nice slow build-up and a good introduction to the album as a whole -RRB- , The Innsmouth Look -LRB- catchy even if you do n't know anything about Lovecraft 's stories ; love the bass , Bob ! -RRB- , The Math Song -LRB- this is a song that just HAD to be written
 I used to live in Vancouver , part of the hunting range of these excellent young men . The music they make is wonderous indeed , but this album might be considered their magnus opus . I love putting it on the car stereo and really cranking it so people who hear it either fall in love with the eldritch sounds or faint in dispair over the coming of the Old Ones . Either way , I win . Buy this album now so you have something to show when The Stars Are Right .
 o.k. I 'll freely admit that I picked up this CD cause I am a big fan of Lovecraft and I knew that this band was just as into the old gentleman from Providence . I must say that even without the obvious Lovecraft refrences this cd would be well worth the money . Each track has an infectious surf-punk energy all of its own . Since this was the soundtrack for a never -LRB- ? -RRB- released B sci-fi flick the irrevrence that the band carries is very welcome considering the inspiration for a good chunk of the songs on this disc . Personal faves on this would be `` 20 Minutes of Oxygen , '' `` The Innsmouth Look -LRB- he made love to the fishies -RRB- , '' and `` The Math Song . '' So if you are a fan of the whole Lovecraft/Cthulhu Mythos thing , this CD is well worth picking up . If you like songs that are fun , carefree and a little funny , take a listen to the downloads to make your decision .
 For fans of a little band named The Darkest of the Hillside Thickets , Spaceship Zero is yet another fun album . But for anyone who has n't heard of the band , this could be the introduction to a talented group of Canadian guys . Highlight songs are `` 20 Minutes of Oxygen '' -LRB- nice slow build-up and a good introduction to the album as a whole -RRB- , `` The Innsmouth Look '' -LRB- catchy even if you do n't know anything about Lovecraft 's stories ; love the bass , Bob ! -RRB- , `` The Math Song '' -LRB- this is a song that just HAD to be written
 Simply put , TDotHT rules . My musical taste is eclectic , but these guys fit right in with every corner of my personal preferences . They are a bunch of zany , creative guys , their songs are always amusing , their music is not only soundly professional but of professional sound . I 've been following the band since I was introduced to them in about 1997 , through someone who is HIGHLY qualified to recommend them - the band 's webmaster , who is also a friend to the band members . I had the good fortune to see them play once at a gaming convention , and these guys blew the top off of the place ... a couple friends who I was there with who had never heard of the band at the time became instant Thickets fans.I 'd suggest TDotHT to any fans of bands with amusing lyrics and a clean guitar sound , especially people who know and enjoy They Might Be Giants , The Promise Ring , and many other collegerock and emo bands . As well , TDotHT sometimes edges into the same stylistic zone as Iron Maiden and the older Megadeth releases with tracks from their earlier albums like ` Big Robot Dinosaur ' . I know that these guys keep me laughing and singing along , even when the other people in the car want me to turn on NPR or turn it off altogether ... although that 's usually because I sing out of tune and play music too loudly.These guys deserve a break and some limelight , as they have the instrumental skill and the witty lyrics to make it , so try them , and if you like them ... tell a friend or fifty .
 Spaceship Zero is an awesome new album from the Thickets featuring some of their strongest singles to date . '20 Minutes of Oxygen ' and ` The Innsmouth Look ' really stand out on a CD full of solid music . The multimedia presentation included on the CD really fleshes out the story surrounding Spaceship Zero and brings the songs & characters to life.Some of the Thickets best work yet and well worth picking up.P.S . If you EVER get a chance to see them live GO ! The Thickets put on the best show I 've ever seen , one that should not be missed .
 I got into Darkest of the Hillside thickets with the album ` Cthulhu Strikes Back ' . Like that album , Spaceship Zero has it 's Lovecraftian tracks , like ` Innsmouth Look ' -LRB- Which tells of an encounter between a man and a woman with the infamous innsmouth look -RRB- , but on the whole this one seems to have a more general sci-fi theme to it , though that 's not a bad thing.Clips and odd sound effects pepper the album , making it feel like an old movie . Track number five , ` BTL Drive ' makes me think of being in space , computer systems crashing and alarms sounding to no-doubt disastrous consequence . Prior to the wonderful ` Math Song ' , a harsh voice shouts `` Your facts ! Your figures ! What are they worth now , huh ? Are they worth the lives of seven billion people ?! '' At the end of the very last track , a conversation is shared between an unidentified man and a barely-perceptible , ominous voice apparently named ` Pondar ' . Having thoroughly enjoyed not only the music but the very flavor and atmosphere of this album , I can safely say that I plan to buy even more music from this band !
 I discovered these guys on Napster last week . . Received the CD yesterday . While I 've heard CDs that were mastered better , the sound quality is excellent for a `` self-published '' title . The tracks `` 20 Minutes of Oxygen '' , `` Power Up '' , `` Frogstar '' , and `` Slave Ship '' seriously rock . . Now all we need is a remastered release of `` Great Old Ones '' , and for `` Cthulhu Strikes Back '' to be listed here on Amazon .
 If you get only one CD this year , get this one !!! It 's that good . Much better than all that corporate -LRB- ... -RRB- you probably listen to now . This CD is by a real band -LRB- I 've seen 'em -RRB- made up of real people -LRB- and other things -RRB- who play music unlike any other.There music has a sci-fi , HP Lovecraft -LRB- if you do not know who Lovecraft is go back to 6th grade and pay closer attention in English class -RRB- twist to it . Every song is catchy and will get stuck in your head until you listen to a different one . If you are clever and put this CD in your computer you can see some cool SPACESHIP ZERO stuff and a THICKET 'S VIDEO too ... and who knows , maybe if everyone buys this CD , the SPACESHIP ZERO movie might just be released !
 How much do I love this group ? I found it by accident , downloaded their Lovecraft-inspired tune `` The Innsmouth Look '' , and that was that . This album is the band 's ` soundtrack ' for a favorite film of theirs , and it 's chock-a-block full of great lyrics and catchy tunes that even non-geeks will love.While `` The Innsmouth Look '' is the best tune on the album , there are plenty of good , solid pieces . I 'll definitely be picking up their other albums . : -RRB-
 This is a great CD . Period . I first herd of this band through the Vancouver Gaming Guild , and have not been disappointed with it at all . The songs are creative and have a good beat . I play this CD almost every day , because the popular rock bands such as Nickleback , System of a Down , etc. are not for me . In this age of file sharing , The Darkest of the Hillside Thickets are one of the few bands that I will always support .
 I first heard mention of the Thickets on an Internet newsgroup . I thought it was a joke . Who the hell would make a rock band that pays ribute to HP Lovecraft ? Napster was still around then so I downloaded some of their songs and was floored . I then promptly bought every CD of theirs I could . They are that good . The Thickets produce these great , clever , catchy pop punk tunes that remind me of the Smithereens in their heyday . The latest CD is the best one yet . Its polished , tight , and addictive . A week doesnt go by where I do n't play this CD . Buy it . Its that good .
 I first heard mention of the Thickets on an Internet newsgroup ... . I then promptly bought every CD of theirs I could . The Thickets latest CD is polished , tight , and addictive . A week doesnt go by where I do n't play this CD .
 I 've had this album for over a year , and the strong music keeps it in my musical rotation . The novelty was fun , but it 's the rockin ' songs that keep me coming back .
 The Darkest of the Hillside Thickets have been a ` cult band ' -LRB- in more ways that one ! -RRB- for several years , formed by obvious D&D players and HP Lovecraft fans.Spaceship Zero is their third full-length CD -LRB- after Cthulhu Strikes Back and Great Old Ones -RRB- and builds firmly on the geek-punk-rock foundation of those previous recordings.Of special note are `` Twenty Minutes of Oxygen '' , `` The Innsmouth Look '' , `` The Math Song '' and their re-recording of `` Slaveship '' . Excellent production values are marred only by a slight overuse of samples from the Spaceship Zero movie .
 The first song I heard was Math song . And it rocked my face off . I still ca n't find it . My pants do n't match . Then I listened to entire cd , and it rocks . If you 're just sitting around , and you want to listen to something that is going to make you want to dance , skank , kick stuff , mosh , jump , swing , swim , smile , laugh , fly , box , spar , stage dive ... listen to this cd . I mean , i was walking down the street once , and I hear math song playing . Then i went home . But this cd is really good . It 's like the greatest band from Canada ever ... but what bands are from canada ?
 I was fortunate enough to see a live concert in these guys ' home town . It was awesome , and they gave me candy . I do n't own the CD yet , but I will , I swear . My favorite song was the math song .
 Ignore the twelve year old . The child obviously does n't have the refined taste needed to truly enjoy these guys . As a serious fan of H P Lovecraft , I discovered these guys and I 've never looked back . Their sound improves with age while their lyrics devouer your mind .
 More than just a novelty act , The Darkest of the Hillside Thickets have produced an excellent album in Spaceship Zero . Even if the movie never makes an appearance , this is a great concept album , with some cool multi-media extras . Definitely worth a listen !
 Flawless , lively instrumentals of old-timey `` front porch '' music ! Instruments used are fiddle , banjo , mandolin , bass , dobro , acoustic guitar & hammered dulcimer . No vocals . It takes you right back to that `` cabin in the woods '' . I used to play this in the antiques & crafts store I worked in , and I could have sold it a million times ! You will NOT be disappointed . Give it a try !
 If you enjoy Bluegrass music , this is a wonderful album . Enjoy !
 These are some of the lesser heard songs of Elvis Presley , but some of the most memorable for me . I also discovered a new tune that I had never heard before in `` Summer Kisses Winter Tears . '' It was produced for the movie `` Flaming Star , '' but was never used , and I found I really like it a great deal . When I first heard it , I thought I was listening to `` Ai n't No Sunshine '' ... the two tunes are very similar . I never tire of `` Angel '' , `` Lonely Man , '' `` A Whistling Tune '' and `` Flaming Star . '' But all the tunes on this CD are pretty good ! It was an excellent purchase to me , and worth every penny to a real Elvis fan .
 Elvis fans beware , this is a good CD , but for some reason the song `` Whistling Tune '' lost it 's WHISTLE ! This was a very big deal to me ! The version I remembered had the whistle in it . Otherwise this is pretty good . For the whistle version , go to the KID GALAHAD soundtrack .
 Not all elvis film music is mediocre as this shows . There were a lot of bad rock n roll movies that never got the attention that Elvis ones got . At least most turned out as entertaining . It will never be fashionable to knock Elvis . Remember what he gave to the world that most dont realise . Fashion , the fusion of black and white music and something a whole generation was looking for and could aspire too . If the knockers can change the face of popular music i wait in anticipation .
 I am an old Elvis fan and this had two songs that I wanted to have . There are many songs that I do n't know , but the price was right for the two that I wanted .
 I had this music on album but because they were so worn I could not reproduce good quality cd , I love Elvis what can I say .
 This is an Australian reissue of a recording that is otherwise out of print , so far as I know -LRB- Decca has been opening up its vaults to their Australian branch , much to the delight of old-time LP collectors -RRB- . It dates from 1979 and comes in impeccable , balanced sound . the original Gramophone review noted that the Mahler Fourth , long considered the most popular of his symphonies , had lost that position to Sym . # 4 . A glance at an alternate website reveals that currently out of 1,248 Mahler recording , there are 157 of the First and 126 of the Fourth , so the trend has continued . but 126 is a staggering number , so why return Mehta 's version to the list?The same Gramophone used complimentary words about it - warm-hearted , playful , relaxed - while still preferring the recent Abbado from Vienna . As for overall favorites , they liked the Szell account with Judith Raskin , still highly regarded , and James Levine with Judith Blegen from Chicago , which slipped out of sight until a recent reissue . Although Mehta is far form being among my favorite Mahler conductors , I must concede everything that the Gramophone said . Mehta has always been half-Viennese on the podium , and he captures a lilting , upbeat vivacity that is very appealing . You do exchange charm for drama , however . The second movement , as played here , is soft-grained , with no hint of satire , much less of the devil 's fiddle.At 21 min . the slow movement is a true Adagio , and credit goes to the conductor for sustaining the line without slackness ; nor is he bland . there 's an air of wistful melancholy throughout . He 's only let down by the ordinariness of the Israeli string sound , yet instead of lamenting the defects of this orchestra , I prefer to focus on how affectionately they play for Mehta , who has stood by them for decades . We all know the distance between this ensemble and the great ones , so prospective buyers will be looking for something else , a light-hearted reading that brings simple enjoyment . The same feeling pervades the finale , taken fairly briskly , where Barbara Hendricks offers a ravishing tone without , unfortunately , doing anything to sound child-like ; she 's a bit literal.In all , however , I 'd say that this is one of Mehta 's most successful Mahler recordings , worthy to stand beside his `` Resurrection '' Symphony from Vienna also from Decca and also dating form the Seventies .
 `` Music Fan '' is inaccurate in his review . Songs are not done by various artists , all songs are `` sung '' by Capt. Sam Crutchfield . Not all songs are done in the `` Jimmy Buffet style . '' A couple of the tunes are in the Buffet style . I prefer Crutchfield to Buffet . Crutchfield 's songs are more `` down to earth '' and easier to sing along with although he will never be accused of having a great voice.Yes , this album features a big game fishin ' theme and the tunes are catchy , hilarious , and clever . Sam Crutchfield has several albums out -LRB- not all of them concentrate on big game fishing -RRB- and even though I am not into `` fishin '' , I like them all . Crutchfield aficionados are known as `` Fish Heads . ''
 First of all , I absolutely love Christmas music . It 's one of the things that I look forward to when the holidays roll around . It 's also a time when I go searching for new music to listen to.I came across this jazz CD when I was browsing through the Jazz MP3 section . It 's fantastic !! I absolutely love it . There are some upbeat songs and some really mellow songs . It 's exactly what I had hoped a Christmas jazz CD would sound like.I was going to rate a couple of the artists , but there 's really no need . The songs flow very well unto each other.I would definitely recommend this to all you Christmas song loving people out there . Even if you just need some background music for your holiday parties , this is the perfect fit .
 Just say &#34; wow ! &#34; for this great mix of jazz music and christmas favorites . It takes all the best of christmas and gives it an oomph ! A definite good buy . I highly recommend it .
 Well done , jazzy pieces but nothing over the top . Upbeat and uplifting . You ca n't help but start moving to the music ! We really enjoyed it and highly recommend it .
 WE ALL LOVE THIS C.D. , FROM FAMILY TO FRIENDS . EACH TIME I PLAY IT I GET WONDERFUL COMMENTS . IT IS THE PERFECT BACKGROUND TO YOUR CHRISTMAS `` MOMENTS '' FROM BAKING TO DINING , TO ENTERTAINING TO WRAPPING GIFTS ! ~ HIGHLY RECOMMEND ''
 I really like this album since it features three unique artists that transition very well . great for listening as a background for the holidays . recommend it .
 Everyone comments on this album - they love it ! It 's great background music for a party or anytime during my favorite season . Very relazing , yet joyful . You 'll love it .
 Perfect Christmas Jazz album ! As the other reviewer said , a good mix of upbeat and slower tunes . They all flow very well with each other .
 it is so nice to have my Christmas music with me on such a small device . i was use to having the cd player . Now I can listen on the go .
 Let me just tell you a little about my taste beforehand , I 've been a fan of the Hardcore screams mixed with the melodic singing for years . Soo many bands do it nowadays and its not an easy thing to do , there are only a couple bands that can do it right though , It dies today , Atreyu and Avenged sevenfolds Waking the Fallen are legendary in my book . So I only review the heartfelt ones . Most newcomers try it , but it just aint as great as the ones i 've mentioned . It does n't take you on an emotional rollercoaster from being pissed off to almost sobbing and back to rocking it out again . Meaning i 'll never get tired of it , and they produced a sound which defines the scream/chorus sound.It Dies Today 's Sirens does that flawlessly , the sound which i love forever , they 've nailed it with flying colors , my favorite cd of 2006 . I dont get why so many metalheads got ta hate , if i were any hardcore band , sirens is the sound i would strive for , this is them , they can produce quality hardcore unlike alot of bands out there who ca n't . Plus if your a person who likes Cds that sound good in your car , than pick this up , problem is you might get a ticket . I always tend to speed , this CD just keeps growing on me , and I think hooks are extemely important in good music . Without hooks you dont get the full entertainment value outta what you purchase , music , television and movies are all just a form of entertainment built to move a person emotionally.As for my favorite songs on sirens , `` Black bile white lies '' and `` Turn loose the doves '' are outstanding . `` On the Road -LRB- to damnation -RRB- '' and `` Reignite the fires '' are the heaviest songs layered beneath excellent chorus parts , so for fans of Nicks legendary deepthroats , these two songs wont disappoint , their still extremely hard . Although not my favorite , `` sirens '' the album titled song is the most melodic . The thing is I 've seen Nick live and he does n't sing as good as it sounds on the cd but whocares , if you want a good CD pick this up .
 This CD was OK , Nick 's vocals sounds a little worse than in `` Caitiff Choir '' , but I still like this band . The guitars used to be so heavy and brutal , and the drummings used to be so fast , but now they changed a lot . Nick 's voice sounds like it got torned off , the guitars are n't catchy anymore , and the drumming sounds a little bit slower . `` Constant Reminder '' was a really nice song , with catchy chorus . `` Sacred Hearts '' is another one of my favorites , with some screaming at the end , and really catchy chorus . `` Re-ignite the Fires '' , `` On the Roads -LRB- To Damnation -RRB- '' , `` Turn Looves To Doves '' , and '' The Bacchanal Affair '' were the heaviest songs in this CD . But , you do n't need to but this album , you could listen to the entire album at -LSB- ... -RSB- . I thought the breakdown would mean the band would get better , it may not , but I still dig this band .
 As the first person to review this album , I have to say that this is IDT 's best album by far . The vocals are noticeably different in this album from the last one but it 's nothing to fear . It will still satisfy the metalcore fans who are into the singing/screaming style . -LRB- ie . Killswitch Engage , As I Lay Dying etc. -RRB- I bought `` Sirens '' expecting something amazing to come out of the speakers and all I have to say is that it feels good to be right .
 It 's a shame and so sad that It Dies Today 's original singer left thbe band ! And now they got a new voclaist named Jason Wood . Songs `` Sacred Hearts '' , `` A Constant Reminder '' , `` Re-ignite The Fires '' , `` Black Biles , White Lies '' , and `` On The Road -LRB- To Damnation -RRB- '' were my favorites and very addicting for me . How could Nick leave the band ?! He was an awesome singer ! Even though that this band is n't as heavy and brutal as they were back then , the guitars are n't that heavy and catchy anymore , and the drumming is n't as fast as before either . This is Nick Brooks ' last work and now he 's on a new project , Queen City Station . We will all miss him ! But still , good record .
 After all It Dies Today 's `` Sirens '' is the dictionary definition of `` selling out ; '' ditching your abrasiveness and toning down your sound in order to appeal to the mass music audience . Yet I feel like I 'm definitely in the minority of those older fans who actually like this album . Let 's get the credentials out of the way first
 It is true , in `` Sirens '' , by It dies today took a slight step backwards , mellowing down and losing some of the great aspects of the early albums . However , the lyrics are so great that they could be read as poetry , and songs like `` sixth of june '' and `` Sirens '' make this album completely worthwile . It may seem more quiet and have fewer amazing guitar riffs , but it is still a great album nonetheless . I would advise to give every song a chance first before joining the masses saying the album sucks .
 With predictable , formulaic song structures and melodic choruses that metalcore fans were tired of listening to a couple of years ago , you 're just dying to hate a band like It Dies Today . But if anybody ever tells you that IDT CA N'T rock , tell that foolish person to proceed straight to the Buffalo quintet 's sophomore release , last year 's `` Sirens . '' The soaring , emo-ish choruses -LRB- which are featured on nearly every track -RRB- grow a bit stagnant after only a couple of songs , but the disc is also filled with surprisingly tight and professional musicianship -LRB- i.e. chunky , inspired riffing , mean , bruising rhythms , and quickly thumping drum beats -RRB- , and aggressive , Unearth-lite yells . Then , add tons of nifty hooks , and a fairly raw production job , and you 've got one very solid record.Openers `` A Constant Reminder `` and `` A Port In Any Storm '' boast pounding rhythms , busy , blistering riffs , and infectious , open-aired choruses that are big enough to require their own zip code . `` The Bacchanal Affair '' and the groovey `` Sacred Heart '' are two occasions where heavy music is held down -LRB- at least somewhat -RRB- by a wealth of clean singing , but songs like the corrosive `` Reignite The Fires , '' `` Black Bile , White Lies , '' and `` On The Road -LRB- To Damnation -RRB- '' -LRB- which is highlighted by meaty , angular riffs , and a nice , melodic guitar solo -RRB- are very punishing numbers with almost visceral yelling and almost not vocal pleasantries . Other notable inclusions are the dreary , restrained , string ` n ' all title track -LRB- a power ballad of sorts -RRB- , and `` Turn Loose The Doves , '' which intersperses clean crooning -LRB- that you can almost hum along to -RRB- amidst a thunderously heavy , foundation-shaking rhythm . `` Sirens '' definitely does not break any new ground for the band or the genre , but it 's still quite an accomplished and enjoyable affair . It 's doubtlessly as good as -- and arguably even better -- than the product put out by most metalcore bands glutting the current music scene , and if nothing else , it proves It Dies Today have got some game , and know how to rock pretty darn hard . This is a recommended listen for everybody , and a must-buy for all diehard metalcore fanatics .
 Yes , I 've been a fan of this band since `` Forever Scorned . '' You know , just got ta throw that out there so people will think I 'm a legitimate music critic and my opinion means something.That said , fans of IDT 's old sound may in fact wonder where that 's gone . It 's still there on this album on occasion , buried under more melodic verses and choruses , but every song wo n't come at you with a blistering breakdown . It 's called progress , my dear friends , because after 10 years of metalcore , we get it . Open drop-C chugga chugs . We are aware you can do them , and in time with the bass drum , no less ! I think what IDT have striven to do here is get away from that a bit , to inject a little more melody in a music scene overrun by MySpace idiots . Metalcore WILL die soon , and it 's not because the bands are n't capable , but because the fans hate progress . Every band that has moved away from what many would call their `` original '' or `` true '' sound in the name of progressing their band as songwriters has ended up criticized to no end by idiots who think that just because they saw a mosh video on YouTube they should start doing it too . If you were n't aware , KSE has been releasing the same CD for years ever since Howard joined up . What 's happened to them ? Instant success.As for this album , I enjoy it . A lot . I know it 's not perfect , but it 's highly listenable and a great album to cruise to . No , this is n't the same IDT you heard on `` Forever Scorned '' or even `` The Caitiff Choir , '' but my stance is it does n't matter . Bands should be allowed to progress , to change their sound , to experiment , etc. . If you want breakdowns , breakdowns , and more breakdowns , there are thousands of other bands out there that can give you just that . No one should criticize a band for growing up and away from that , especially in a genre where most bands all sound alike .
 As with what most reviewers here have stated it 's not as `` hard '' as previous releases however , do n't assume this album has anything less to offer . All the tracks are stellar save for `` 6th of June '' which I do n't particularly care for . These guys have never been overly technical in their compositions but instead opt for ultra catchy rhythms which are displayed in tracks like `` A Port in Any Storm '' and `` Turn Loose the Droves '' . I agree that they do stick to the tired metal core formula of screamed verse sung chorus but they make it work very well and the vocals are superb , in fact they really make this album shine . Its a shame that the band parted with the previous singer . Most the negative reviews are from fans of older releases that ca n't embrace change and feel they have to discredit the musicians for wanting to add something new.Any metal fan should have this in their collection . I 've had this CD for quite sometime and it spends alot of time in my car CD player
 I Cant get over how awesome this band is they come back with a great fallow up to The Cathiff Choir . . Sirens is an awesome album from start to finish and it has everything That you have come to love from it dies today . . Brutal music yet melodic the only thing different is that . . sirens is alot more melodic than the TCC . . But its not bad cause Nick just knows where to throw in those melodies so the songs come out RAD ! . . this a must have for any IDT fans . . i gave it 4 stars cause even though its such a good album . . i like the last one better . . but its just my opinion . . and what i like . . And Nick Brooks went out with a bang this is the last album with him as the singer . . it sucks that he is no longer in the band . . cause the new guy is just not as good . . Check it out . .
 i bought this cd about a few days back damn i hate they ditched NICK !!!!! but for this to be the original groups last album nick layed it down itz catchy as hell as of now almost all of the tracks are stuck in my head.but i just hope IDT does n't screw up with this new guy and he better show some promise like NICK !!!!!!! did . if not this band wo n't be getting a penny out of my pocket again . i will straight trash this band and spread the word .
 This is not like their first two albums but it 's still heavy.They do n't have the deathcore they had in their first album and some of it in caitiff choir but it 's still has the metalcore with brutal breakdowns and more melodic singing i guess.This is kind of like the band a day to remember just not to big with the pop thing.If you own their first two albums just know this , there 's more clean singing , nick does n't have the deathcore growls anymore , and not as brutal but yeah still brutal.So i ca n't say you might not like this but there 's is some good heavy songs is okay .
 Recorded live 9/23/1972 at the Summit Club in L.A. . The video cameras for the WattStax movie were throwing the band off right from the start . JT picks up on it and he 's none too happy . He stokes them back into shape an turns this mutha out . Well recorded . Perfect soundtrack for your next pimps an hos party , some glide in yo stride an some dip in yo hip . Funky , soul vibe , all the way .
 SOME LIVE PERFORMANCES ARE NOT ALL THAT GREAT , SO I AM A LITTLE SKEPTICAL OF PURCHASING THEM , BUT THIS ONE WAS INCREDIBLE ! DESPITE THE FACT THAT HIS BAND WAS A LITTLE LOST AT TIMES , THIS TRULY SHOWS HOW GREAT A SINGER J.T. WAS AND HOW MUCH OF A ENTERTAINER HE HAD BECOME ! YOU DO N'T EVEN CARE ABOUT ANY MISTAKES BECAUSE HE IS SINGING THE SONGS WITH SOOO MUCH POWER AND HEART FELT CONVICTION . YOU NEED THIS IN YOUR COLLECTION !!!!
 This CD is a historically important live recording from one of Stax Records ' most important figures . Recorded at the long-defunct Summit Club this is raw , funky and down-home Southern R&B at its best . Although I 'm not a big fan of live albums I admit that `` Live At The Summit Club '' is a true masterpiece of Southern Soul which has a very intimate and relaxed yet spontaneous , anything-can-happen-here feel and ambience . This set 's live versions of `` Who 's Making Love '' , `` Stop Doggin ' Me '' , `` I Do n't Wan na Lose You '' and `` Steal Away '' eclipse the original studio versions for their greatness . Many thanks to the people at Concord Records for releasing this CD .
 Listening to him live , really makes me miss him so much . * teardrop * . He was n't appreciated enough when we had him , he was n't . As the saying goes , you 're gon na miss your good thing when it 's gone ... and I do n't know about you but , I 'm really , really , really missing the man . . especially with authentic soul music being basically non-existent now , and those claiming to be soul brothas & sistas and the heir apparent , just do not possess the vocal prowess or showmanship to carry on the legacy . So . . I miss you JT . Something terrible .
 Holy cow ... actually I happen to be listening to his recording now , and just observed that its 10:00 PM , September 23 today ... which according to my notes is the 37th anniversary of this great mind-blowing performance.If you saw the movie WATTSTAX -LRB- and you better have -RRB- you probably saw the seen at the night club with all the hustlers and players , Johnny covered in sweat , the huge band groovin ' its butt of , and the crowd really gettin ' down on it ... Well , this friends is that performance , finally released from the vaults and remastered by the legendary Joe Tarantino.As for what to expect ... well , let 's just say JT may not have been very happy to have been bumped off the festival 's main stage - - however , the truth is that the folks that did n't show up for this set were really the ones left out , especially considering how close and intimate it was , how stone cold slick the crowd was and the fired up performance JT gave ... back by screaming horns , sizzling Hammond and a fired up rhythm section ... Take note , that a number of reviewers have noted that at times the hastily assembled big band is off now and then , but what the show lacks in perfection , it makes up for in terms of grits , groove and excitement once the tunes take off ... further , the revival like reactions of the audience are classic ... almost to the point even * I * found myself shouting back at the i-pod at 2:00 in the morning .
 LIVE AT THE SUMMIT CLUB WAS MORE THAN I HOPED FOR . I HAD A COUPLE OF SONGS LIVE ON ANOTHER CD BUT THIS ONE IS THE GREATEST . ANYONE WHO LOVES JOHNNY TAYLOR WILL GO CRAZY FOR THIS LIVE PERFORMANCE REAL BLUESY TOO ILOVE EVERY SONG.YOU LOVE JT DEFINITELY GET THIS ONE .
 This is a great performance by Mr. Taylor showcasing his talents while performing live on stage . I only hate that I was n't there to see it with my own eyes !
 The cd shows how good live music is and how singer really new how to sing unlike todays studio singers
 I have never heard this man scream so much in one concert . lol But on the real this CD is a must have for nay Johnnie Taylor fan . The version of `` Steal Away '' and `` Jody 's Got Your Girl And Gone '' will make get up out your seat and dance til your feet hurt . It is a phenomenal CD . GO BUY IT NOW !!!
 Johnnie Taylor turned the place out on stage for this show.Johnnie Taylor always was Soulful with his vocals hitting the Grunts & breaking it all down . this is one of those Live Albums that is so Underrated . but when you get your Groove to this you wo n't soon forget it .
 I have always been a big fan of the group Alabama , and this is my favorite record yet . If you liked Songs of Inspiration , you will love this effort . It has many more uptempo songs and is really striking in its variety , from stone country -LRB- When it Comes My Time to Go -RRB- , to a cowboy campfire ballad -LRB- Love Lifted Me -RRB- , to Dixieland jazz -LRB- Down by the Riverside -RRB- , and several other styles . Very clever and original takes on some classic , fast-moving , and quick-tempoed songs . I loved the first Songs of Inspiration , but this one is a lot more `` fun '' and flows better from beginning to end . The album is even more spiritual than the first and has a theme which will resonate with many - the fleeting nature of life on earth and the eternal joy we will have when we see our loved one again `` on the other side . ''
 This album is great ! I think this is a masterful follow up to the original release . The songs are God honoring , and good for the soul . I recommend this album .
 This is an album with some down home old time inspirational music . It 's a blessing to see such a popular secular group such as Alabama standing up to let the world know that they too are not ashamed to give the Lord the praise that is due unto his name . They have a volume 1 Songs of Inspiration but I like this one even better b/c it has more tempo variations and the music seems to address deeper subjects of the Christian walk . I definitely recommend it for listening for anyone who is trying to boost their walk with the Lord .
 Here it is Alabama 's last cd songs of inspiration 2 . This group even if they 're not together anymore this is still an great cd . So no matter if you loved this group or not this is still an great cd just like the first one.Lois Banks
 Awesome , as only Alabama can do it ! Wonderful old and new hymns of inspiration ! Anyone who loves Alabama will fall in love with this cd .
 Alabama is one of the most successful C&W groups of all time and I would expect that any album they put out was going to be good . I gave this 4 stars simply because after awhile the songs all started to sound the same . That said , I still have most of the songs on an active playlist and often get comments from folks that did n't know they had Gospel Albums . I 'd recommend it for anyone that enjoys a country style gospel .
 Alabama and gospel -- You 've got to hear Randy Owens sing Will the Circle Be Unbroken with guest vocalists Del and Ron McCoury .
 Doug & The Mystics have created a mish-mash of down-home zydeco , rock-jazz fusion and angular art-music to feed a public hungry for more than plastic teen pop and poseur rap-rock ! This talented band , consisting of Oingo Boingo veterans has produced a collection of music very different than previous efforts . Informed by Frank Zappa and Captain Beefheart as much as anything , and led by Zydeco Party Band leader Doug Legacy -LRB- Lacy -RRB- , this is a deep , complex album.The songs mostly retain traditional format but the arrangements are where the musicians shine . The whole thing has a grit and grime about it ... there 's nothing immediately pretty here.Let loose your preconceived notions that this is a `` Boingo without Danny '' album ... this is it 's own beast . Let it in , give it a wide berth and let it get under your skin ... This is n't disposable pop music .
 I think the person who was whining about this being only a Doug Legacy album needs to look at the liner notes . This IS Oingo Boingo , maybe without some of the horn section , oh yah and Danny Elfman , but the core is there . Steve Bartek on the Guitars , John Avila on the Bass , Johnny Vatos Hernandez on the Drums , Sam Phipps on the Sax ... almost all the gang , As Oingo Boingo fans we have to take what we can get .
 For trip-hop fans that enjoyed Massive Attack 's Mezzanine album , you will enjoy this similarly inspired , yet highly progressive , album that slightly goes beyond the limitations of the genre . The production quality is flawless , the soundscapes are very imaginative with a blend of the organic and digital , and the vocals are haunting and sensual . I highly recommend this album . Be sure to check out the track entitled `` Sweep '' , as it will be a song that sticks with you for a while.As blown away as I was by this release , I was a bit disappointed with Blue Foundations newest release , Life of a Ghost . Aside from the familiar female vocals and quality production , there is very little that resembles the style of this album . I am very supportive of musicians exploring new musical territory , but unfortunately they seem to have abandoned musical innovation and inspired creativity for alt-pop convention . Their new material is still enjoyable , but much more forgettable , unfortunately . I hope they return to their musical roots and do n't get a case of Top-40-itis .
 actually , amazing release from these danish ! i have n't heard anything else from them but this cd rules !!! it has many beautiful and haunting melodies without becoming cheesy , it is the perfect combination between pop and intellectual i think.excellent effort !
 I 'm not a big Twilight fan , or a big trip hop fan -LRB- yet -RRB- , but I love this album ! It is melancholy and catchy at the same time , with occasional bits of jazz and blues . The guy singer 's rapping has thoughtful lyrics , but half the time his performance is not the best . However , most of the songs are this wonderful dreamy soprano female singer.Things that I generally like
 Originally I had never heard of this band before . I 've stand firm in never seeing any Twilight movie , so I discovered this band from a Bar9 remix of the Twilight song on youtube . I went and got all three albums and this is how it ranks.If you are a fan of Trip Hop , and have followed it as it has gone through ups and downs as far as great content , this album alone ranks as one of the greats.The first album , Blue Foundation is a good album consisting mainly of samples layered over top of each other and looped around with a lot of scratching inbetween . Good , but not great but the BPM is a solid typical Trip Hop pace.Consider it to RJD2 , with nothing but samples looping around , but not at all with any rap or hip hop , just quality I mean.Sweep of Days is a pure return to form . It seems like they had their gears all in line when making this because the production quality is great . If there was samples being used on this album you really would n't know because there 's no vynl scratching or abrupt reverb cuts . The singing is soft and angelic and done well as it adds beauty and a great atmosphere , especially on End of Day chorus . This album all around is great to add to the addition of the collection to what you 'd like to just have as relaxing background music , or a calm gathering . They just do n't make music like this in the states and that 's why I come across it almost a decade later . I have n't heard a Japan influenced track since DJ Krush and all his greatness . 10/10 There 's even a piece from the original Tomb Raider PS1 game added into a sexy song - the part where the harp loops before the choir chimes back in.With Life of a Ghost , it 's not even the same band or genre anymore . They 've completely removed any form of Trip Hop with samples or great ` surround head ' production . Maybe they returned to their roots of Danish music , or got a new line up but it is not worth getting . Everything is too up beat , the best comparison I can say it this album is an EP or B-sides of Death in Vegas , because that band has like only one good song of their entire collection . The singing sounds effortless and lazy . It 's a weak drum set , with weak guitars and a highly tuned bass . 4/10 if even that deserving after their wonderful second album.Basically compare Blue Foundation 's second and third album to Zero 7 's first , second and third . The first Zero 7 was great because it was a fresh take on things , The second trimmed it down to more of a band and less samples and sound effects , and then the third just flushed itself down the toilet with sounding like a game show band or something , and then releasing a covers album with different vocalists . Hero to zero.But Sweep of Days is a must own .
 Blue Foundation is a new band for me , I discovered them from Twilight movie soundtrack . . their first song I heard `` Eyes on Fire '' captured my attention right away ! I then started listening to other songs , downloading 99 cent songs here and there through Amazon . . but this album . . I bought in entirety ! All the songs are GOOD ... I love their style .
 This collection features some of their hit singles plus one new track `` Desperado '' , it includes the # 1 single in Italy `` Movin ' On '' which was originally released in 1984 , the beautiful ballads `` Dreamland Paradise '' , `` Leaving Now '' and `` Smile '' , and the amazing `` Excessive Love '' . All the other tracks are pop-dance songs . They did many other songs that are not included here as the pop-jazz `` Broadway '' , the beautiful semi new age ballad `` Shine '' and many others .
 This is a novel project , dating from 1988 , as IRS tried to reinvigorate the market for instrumentals . Two cuts apiece by Pete Haycock -LRB- Climax Blues Band -RRB- , Wishbone Ash , William Orbit -LRB- later Madonna 's producer , but a known new wave artist by himself or with others previously -RRB- , and Stewart Copeland , formerly drummer for the Police . Since this is a sampler , full length releases on the No Speak label were also available by each . I really like the Haycock and Ash tracks , which reflected -LRB- understandably -RRB- classic rock or blues influences , and Orbit 's work , with his `` Via Caliente '' denoting a tropical flavor .
 I encountered All The World Is Sleeping at my daughter 's house . She plays it for her son to create a calm atmosphere for napping.I liked it so much I had to have it . I like the way Scott handles the space between the notes . He leaves room to breathe .
 People talk about `` rap pioneers '' all the time , but have no clue about what they 're talking about , especially when it comes to Hip-Hop ! The T3 are true innovaters , originaters and trendsetters of the genre , even to this day ! Why ? Well , for starters , Kool Moe Dee is universally acknowledged as one of the 3 pillars -LRB- the other 2 are Melle mel and Grand Master Caz -RRB- and creator of the lyrical styles developed with in Hip-Hop , that are still in use to this very day . KMD , along with the rest of the crew -LRB- including Spoony G -RRB- are credited with devoloping the `` fast rap '' technique in Hip-Hop -LRB- listen to `` THE NEW RAP LANGUAGE '' -RRB- . Also KMD and Special K were pioneers in the use of high-tech vernacular and superb eloquence integrated with in their flows . The song `` BODY ROCK '' was the first to incorprate rock guitars -LRB- way before Run-DMC -RRB- . It 's evident , the lyrical legacy of Kool Moe Dee is obviuos on too many Mc 's like Percee-p , Kool G Rap , Big Daddy Kane , etc. all the way up to Big Pun -LRB- let 's not forget LL -RRB- . The Treacherous 3 are Hip-Hop legends , true pioneers and masters of the MC craft . This compilation contains nothing less than true classic Hip-Hop . A piece of Hip-Hop music history .
 remember llcoolj he stole his style from kool moe dee i own a lot of rap music but none as good as this with tracks like bad mutha and x mas rap from beat streat lyrics are da bomb.whip it 's the best song you will ever here.hope you like it
 Miriam Hyde -LRB- 1913-2005 -RRB- is one of Australia 's foremost musical names as a composer , pianist , teacher and examiner . During her life she wrote a large amount of music in genres including orchestral , choral , vocal , chamber music and a long list of solo piano works , in predominantly a lyrical post-Romantic to Impressionist style . Personally I think her chamber music is of the highest quality of all , and a double CD set can be found on Walsingham Classics -LRB- sadly not sold on this site -RRB- . Miriam Hyde 's two piano concertos , written while she was studying in England , are wonderful works.The first is very characteristic of Rachmaninoff . A bouyant dotted rhythm pervades the first movement , and the strong opening in the strings followed by a piano cadenza spanning the whole keyboard reminds us of the Grieg A minor or the Rachmaninoff F# minor concertos . The opening material alternates between plaintive and discontented in mood , chromatic with frequent modulations -LRB- typical of her style -RRB- . The second theme is very beautiful , much more sustained and lyrical , making heavy use of chromatic colorations for emotional effect . The second movement is more chromatic than the first , and fantasy-like in form . The principal theme uses chromatic motion , the phrases alternating between piano and orchestra , before an exquisite sighing melody appears on the strings ... sheer poetry ! The third movement has obvious references to the first , but transformed in a driving rhythm . Much earlier material appears here , transformed . The last section , where the rhythm becomes dotted and the tempo picks up , is memorable.The second concerto is more adventurous , less traditional . It opens with a very majestic , warlike passage on the brass , with very evocative harmonic passages . This theme appears in many guises . The second theme , given out on piano in high register , has a beautiful plaintive touch with the leap of a 6th along with the diminished 7th chord . The second movement is a poeme , free in form , brimming with expressive melodies and chromatic progressions , much like the style of Delius or Wagner 's Tristan and Isolde . The piano 's water-like descending sequence of chords , appearing several times in the movement , delicately rounds off several orchestral passages , and in the end the whole movement . The lyrical themes and dramatic climaxes in this movement are exquisite . The third movement theme is on pentatonic scale , and very folk-like in mood , on top of bouyant rhythm . In the end , the theme is transformed to simple duple time , and mixolydian mode in the tonic major key , leading up to a triumphant ending.Village Fair was originally written as music to a ballet , but serves here as an evocative tone-poem . The theme `` Oh dear , what can the matter be ? '' is the basis for this work , and this theme appears very explicitly twice ; the majestic opening theme and several subsequent themes are disguised versions of this . This work is a gem , using orchestral colours for excellent effect.Miriam Hyde herself performs the concertos brilliantly and expressively , and the orchestras both interpret her works very well . Miriam Hyde did write very beautifully , and this CD is rediculously cheap - especially with the composer herself performing ! Strongly recommended . Five stars .
 Scaterd Few led by singer/writer/musician Allan Aguirre were and are truly revolutionary . Sin Disease is total perfection . Another reviewer said it well in regards to their relevance and uniqueness , `` they are System Of A Down before they existed . '' The way Scaterd Few blend styles and moods make this easy to listen to straight through . It is truly an adventure . There are a total of 4 Scaterd Few cd 's and I highly recommend them all . I also recommend all 3 cd 's by Allan Aguirre 's other band -LRB- sort of goth/pop -RRB- called Spy Glass Blue . Check his website -LSB- ... -RSB-
 A Great cd , not the best hardcore cd , but good enought to buy.devilrecords.net
 Excellent CD !!! , The disc quality is excellent and the cover of the album is good . Excellent product I was looking
 On this album , which is actually called `` Demo -LRB- n -RRB- tracks '' , Vladislav Delay takes a break from his recent focus on Luomo , his vocal house project , to return to the dubby , moody terrain that first brought this talented Finn to the attention of the electronic music underground . 2000 's `` Entain '' , with its effective blend of ambient soundscapes , dub techno , and chattering glitch events , was a watershed album , raising the stakes for creative electronica , and setting new standards of textural variety , rhythmic flexibility , and emotional depth . I 've been a fan of his since the Chain Reaction singles , and I was afraid that his return to the abstract/dubby stuff would n't top `` Entain '' -LRB- how could it ? -RRB- . Considering Delay 's proven breadth and originality , I should have known better . `` Demo -LRB- n -RRB- tracks '' is beautiful . It 's as if the fog blew away from `` Entain '' 's landscape , revealing all the subtle rhythmic detail writhing within it . Delay 's formative musical experiences were as a jazz drummer , and you can really hear his improvisational chops on this album . The more rhythmically freeform sections evoke taughtly propulsive free-jazz drumming , controlled and subtly funky , but flying about in swarming flurries . There 's more gritty noise here than on past efforts , but it 's deployed within Delay 's trademark cavernous spaces , creating a sense of distant texture , rather than of sandpaper against the ear . With an artist as influential and revered as Vladislav Delay , diehard fans face a conundrum when anticipating the release of new material
 En 2007 la maison de disques Myto a r&eacute;&eacute;dit&eacute; Don Carlo avec Bj&ouml;rling dans sa s&eacute;rie Historical line . Ce disque , r&eacute;&eacute;dit&eacute; pr&eacute;c&eacute;demment par la maison de disques Cantus est pr&eacute;cieux en tant que t&eacute;moignage de Jussi Bj&ouml;rling dans le rle de don Carlo -LRB- Met , 1950 -RRB- . Voix superbe , &eacute;mission claire , aigus glorieux . Le reste de l'affiche est &agrave; l'avenant
 We love the Wild Animal Baby videos-They are not only cute but the kids learn about animals while watching . My now 4 year old has been watching them since she was about 11/2 and she still loves them .
 Violence Is Golden has such a dope variety of tracks . This cd totally has the juice . Every track tells a different story in such a way I felt like I was part of the song . I think every hip-hop head needs to get this .
 Holly In The Hills was the last album of new material , the bottom of the barrel . This is the album collecting the early country and western duets between Buddy Holly and Bob Montgomery recorded well before the That 'll Be The Day / Peggy Sue days when country was still the music commonly played and Elvis had yet to come and perform live in Lubbock to make that huge impact on Buddy and his friends that turned them to Rock 'n' Roll.The country stuff is hokey yet it is great . It shows an important facet of the early Buddy Holly before Elvis and true BH fans will want it to complete their collection and rightly so ! The addition of Wishing is a real boost as before the release of this album it was hard to get other than on an Extended Play 45 vinyl record . Of course with CDs this all changed but the album is stronger for it . We have waited too long for this release , let us hope that the complete catalogue will be available sooner than later . A recommended buy for fans who want to hear Buddy in his early days.Giant was the second last of the official ` New ' releases of the overdubbed demo performances from Buddy Holly after his death and like ` Showcase ' and ` Holly In The Hills ' , the other overdubs , is for the fan 's collection . The track ` Love Is Strange ' is the high point of the CD and sufficient to warrant the price . It is only the overdub version , yet it generates the true romantic atmosphere Buddy was trying to create for the teens of the day.It is a pity Norman Petty did not use The Crickets instead of The Fireballs from the nostalgic point of view but the music works . It is not a studio album and no fan expects it to be and will accept it for what it is , an attempt to present the remaining tracks Buddy put down in demo or casual form.Not popular with the critics but then that is nothing new . BH Fans will still want it .
 I purchased this CD and was pretty happy to get some of these hard to find tracks . This is definitely no `` Greatest Hits '' collection though ! What you are getting is 22 fairly rare tracks , most of which were very early recordings that were overdubbed by Norman Petty after Buddy was tragically killed in early 1959 . If you are a fan of Buddy , these tracks gives you a deep look into his roots with some very `` true '' country musicand a quick look at what might have been as songs like `` You 're The One '' and `` Love is Strange '' which were basically home demos recorded shortly before he died . Here they are overdubbed to sound almost like a finished recording.Had to go with 4 stars here because sound quality is lacking , but probably no fault of BGO , these are very early recordings and nothing much could likely have been done .
 I. HOLLY IN THE HILLS -LRB- released 1965 -RRB- Buddy Holly was into music at a very early age , and by high school was all over Lubbock in a succession of bands . One business card reads `` The Rhythm Playboys - Buddy , Bob , Larry '' -LRB- Bob Montgomery / Larry Welborn -RRB- ; another , `` Buddy & Bob - Western & Bop `` Buddy 's mom fondly recalled them playing the Saturday night sock hop with kids dancing cheek to cheek to `` Queen of the Ballroom Floor '' . But these were also `` street bands '' ; back then merchants hired bands to play in parking lots on weekends to draw a crowd , everything from supermarket sales to drug store grand openings . According to one story Elvis was in Lubbock on a 1954 tour earning only $ 35 a night ; Buddy cut him in on a gig at the Oldsmobile dealership showing the new 1955 Olds.Joe Mauldin -LRB- later Crickets bass player -RRB- worked at the local movie theatre , and remembers one time his mom picked him up . The tire dealer across the street was having a sale and Buddy ripped into Bill Haley 's `` 40 Cups of Coffee . '' Joe 's mom yelled , `` Oh my God , it 's Elvis Presley !! '' Joe said , `` Oh ma , that 's just Buddy Holly - he lives right here in Lubbock.Holly and Montgomery did `` The Buddy & Bob Show '' live on KDAV radio Sunday afternoons . Kids would park in the lot outside , watch through the glass studio window , listen on their car radios and dance in the lot.Buddy cut many acetate demos at KDAV , usually with Bob Montgomery . Tragically , most are lost -- given away to managers of touring bands or mailed to record labels.After his death , Buddy 's parents found seven `` Buddy & Bob '' acetates plus `` Play House '' . Norman Petty overdubbed these to various extents with the Fireballs , and filled out the original Jan 1965 `` Hill in the Hills '' album with : -LRB- 1 -RRB- I Wan na Play House With You -LRB- 2 -RRB- Door To My Heart * -LRB- 3 -RRB- Fool 's Paradise -LSB- flip of Think It Over -RSB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- I Gambled My Heart * -LRB- 5 -RRB- What To Do -LSB- Fireballs overdub of NY apt acoustic -RSB- -LRB- 6 -RRB- Wishing -LSB- light Fireballs overdub of 1958 demo -RSB- -LRB- 7 -RRB- Down The Line -LRB- 8 -RRB- Soft Place In My Heart * -LRB- 9 -RRB- Lonesome Tears -LSB- flip of It 's So Easy -RSB- -LRB- 10 -RRB- Got ta Get You Near Me Blues -LRB- 11 -RRB- Flower of My Heart -LRB- 12 -RRB- You & I Are ThroughBob Montgomery found more demos so the album now has 10 . `` Play House '' is from that period but a Holly solo at a local studio ; `` Wishing '' is a 1958 demo made along with `` Love 's Made A Fool of You '' for the Everly Brothers.I suspect all drums are overdubbed , but if not they are Holly 's best friend Jerry Allison . Fiddle is Sonny Curtis.Petty 's overdub work is largely successful , especially on `` Play House '' and `` Down the Line '' . Basically because -LRB- 1 -RRB- except for `` Play House , '' they obscure little as possible of original work ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- the overdub is pretty much of same sound quality as acetate ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- these are monaural without separated tracks.II . GIANT -LRB- 1969 -RRB- Petty has been widely criticized for his Fireballs overdubs , but said he intended only to bring the material up to commercial release quality while adhering as much as possible to Holly 's intentions.Whatever your opinion on that , it must be said he kept Holly 's memory alive with the posthumous releases `` Reminiscing '' -LRB- 1963 -RRB- , `` Buddy Holly Showcase '' -LRB- 1964 -RRB- , and `` Holly in the Hills '' -LRB- 1965 -RRB- which were generally very well received . `` Giant '' -LRB- 1969 -RRB- was the last of the Petty/Fireballs overdubs , but regrettably during the four year gap since 1965 Petty 's hand went cold . `` GIANT '' RUNDOWN : -LRB- 1 -RRB- ` Love is Strange , ' ` Slippin ' & Sliddin ' -LRB- fast version -RRB- , ` Dearest ' , ` Smokey Joe 's Caf&eacute; ' are acoustic demos from the same New York apartment tape as Holly 's last six songs -LRB- ` Peggy Sue Got Married ' etc -RRB- . ` Love is Strange ' is easily the most successful track on the album , startlingly lovely and haunting . Most people think this an orchestrated strings session , but it 's actually Petty on the beloved organ he played in `` Norman Petty Trio '' days . No CD I 've heard does justice to the track ; on the original vinyl ambient air fills the room with this eerily lush performance . Holly 's undubbed acoustic original is still superior , but the two are so different they do n't really compete . ` Dearest ' is a pointless disaster . Petty/Fireballs already overdubbed this quite nicely on `` Buddy Holly Showcase . '' This second attempt is heavy handed and corny , rather like those bogus Picks overdubs . ` Slippin ' & Sliddin ' works . ` Smokey Joe ' as Holly laid it down is difficult to overdub , and Petty seems unsure what to do with it . -LRB- 2 -RRB- ` You 're the One ' is a crime . Holly improvised this at a radio station where Waylon Jennings was DJ , and Waylon slapped his knees to accompaniment . It appeared undubbed on `` Buddy Holly Showcase '' . Here the original is buried by the Fireballs and Petty on organ , a pointless garbled mess . -LRB- 3 -RRB- ` Good Rockin ' Tonight ' , ` Blue Monday ' , ` Have You Ever Been Lonely ' , ` Ai n't Got No Home ' , ` Holly Hop ' are ` 50s rock standards probably made on an early wire recorder -LRB- before tape , there was literally a wire that ran reel to reel -RRB- resulting in poor fidelity somewhat like a telephone.Petty 's overdubs of such tracks was quite good in 1963-65 -LRB- compare `` Play House '' -RRB- . But by 1969 `` compatible stereo '' had come in -LRB- a stereo album could now be played on mono players without damage -RRB- and separate mono pressings of releases were no longer made.These 1969 overdubs are in state of the art sound too obvious against the acetate demos , a problem made worse by separated stereo tracks . The result is totally unnatural and often sounds garbled.BOTTOM LINE : Holly fans will want this , either for particular songs that otherwise unavailable or for the successes among many failures.New fans should look elsewhere first , but will probably want to own this eventually . Holly 's magic shines through quite wonderfully on enough of these .
 For you purists , Holly in the Hills consists of the original track listing and not the more common LP that has the tracks listed on the front cover , which replaced Baby It 's Love with Fool 's Paradise -LRB- which was a B-side from 1958 -RRB- and Memories with What To Do -LRB- which is from the ` apartment tapes ' -RRB- . The original line up is more true to the previously un-released Buddy & Bob recordings from 1954-1955 . Giant should n't have been done , way too overdubbed , the original recordings should have been left alone and released that way .
 Although unfamiliar with Miles Davis outside his fusion period of the early 1970s , I have come to realise clearly that the influence and power of his fusion records fromIn a Silent WaytoPangaea , especially on the post-rock of the 1990s , makes them essential listening.Although all Miles ' albums from this period contain numerous epic pieces that change mood in a remarkably consistent manner whenever anything is becoming at all predictable , `` A Tribute to Jack Johnson '' is in many ways the best of the lot . It is for sure the hardest-hitting of Davis ' fusion albums , with the guitar of John McLaughlin and the drums of Billy Cobham providing a beat more like true funk than anything onSilent Wayor evenBitches ' Brewand lacks entirely the atmospheric quality that is admittedly delightful on both those albums.From the first note of `` Right Off '' , the new , raw , stripped-down sound of Davis ' band is very clearly in evidence . In the opening moments of that piece , McLaughlin and bass player Michael Henderson , with only a little help from Miles himself , produce a searing melody very reminiscent of whatDon CabelleroandSlint -LRB- minus the acoustic guitars -RRB- would do in the 1990s . Then , Miles manages to make his trumpet sound like a true rock instrument in a way neither he nor anybody else was ever able to do again . The notes he provides as an extra melody line along with the guitar and bass are utterly and viscerally piercing and must have taken a great deal of effort from both Miles and producer Teo Macero to develop to the stage they reached.The way in which the players are allowed to show their talents all through `` Right Off '' takes time to appreciate and is hardly something anybody but the most dedicated listener will want to hear every day , but that it is utterly wonderful there can be no doubt . The solos from Steve Grossman on saxophone fit the mood of the music perfectly and show him at least the equal of Davis ' other fusion saxophonist Wayne Shorter . `` Yesternow '' , the second and last track , is very slow compared to `` Right Off '' , and also quieter especially at the finale . Yet , when one hears Miles ' initial note pierce one 's ears , it becomes clear that the powerful funk melodies are if anything denser and produced with even more energy than on `` Right Off '' . Indeed , at its peak , `` Yesternow '' is utterly stunning , with Davis ' horn producing notes that are delightfully melodic yet sound at times as if they will explode.All in all , there has never been an album of funk jams nearly so powerful as `` A Tribute to Jack Johnson '' . Even if not necessarily the best of Miles Davis fusion studio albums , it is certainly the hardest and at times the emotion will pierce one 's ears .
 In the spring of 1970 , Miles Davis entered the studio a number of times , recording primarily with guitarist John McLaughlin with him . The apex of these sessions was the stunning `` A Tribute to Jack Johnson '' , soundtrack for an underground movie about the pioneering boxing figure and a clear statement from Davis concerning his music -- the album was firmly entrenched as a jazz/rock fusion record , soaked it overdriven guitars , funky backbeats , and downright powerful playing . Typically , it was ignored at the time of its release . But the years have been kind to ` Jack Johnson ' , these days its regarded as one of the peaks of its genre.And why not ? Davis was playing as well as he ever did in his career -- exploring fluidity and his horn 's upper register in a way he never had , and his band was pretty much all collectively destined for stardom -- McLaughlin , Herbie Hancock and Billy Cobham have all gone on to be legends . To this , add the work of producer Teo Macero -- splicing together the two tracks that made up the album from several different sessions into two seemless suites -- the first revolving around a jam session the rhythm section had while waiting for Davis -LRB- before the trumpet player entered for what may well be his most ferocious solo on record -RRB- , the second around a couple vamps and themes . The net result is something that mixes spontenaeity and composition ; looseness and high production , and somehow , it all works , perfectly.Even today , ` Jack Johnson ' is pretty much considered `` third best '' after `` Bitches Brew '' and `` In a Silent Way '' , but this is n't really a fair assessment . Those albums feel like they 're looking , ` Jack Johnson ' is when Davis found it .
 What you must first understand is that this album really is n't a `` Miles Davis '' recording . The musician that is truly the dominant creative force here is John McLaughlin ; Miles ' role is much like the other musicians on this recording - to my mind , very much secondary to the driving , primal and brilliant work of McLaughlin . McLaughlin creates the context , the foundation , on which this recording is constructed . This is a stunning work in every way , and it 's value is due largely to the almost otherworldly brilliance of John McLaughlin .
 `` Right Off '' is absolutely amazing . With John Mclaughlin and Herbie Handcock behind him , Davis crafted probably his best single musical statement of his fusion period , complete with one of the best solos Miles ever played -LRB- it comes about two minutes in or so and it will blow your mind -RRB- . `` Yesternow '' is a more spaced out , almost ambient composition . It 's interesting but it 's not something i can keep coming back to . but `` Right Off , '' man ... `` Right Off '' ...
 McLaughlin , Davis , Hancock , Cobham , Grossman , and Henderson just throw jazz sensibilities and caution to the wind and flat out rock on A Tribute to Jack Johnson . Teo Macero spliced in some fades into passages from In a Silent and other pieces that add some balance -LRB- and freakiness -RRB- to the `` take no prisoners '' onslaught . All the players are blistering , Miles sounds stronger than ever even though this is really more of a John McLaughlin recording than a Miles Davis recording . This is a must have for any fan of Miles ' electric period - in fact , this is where that period really found fruition and took off ! If you are a rock fan who has heard about Miles 's electric music , this is a great place to start.Postscript
 This is the album where Miles took a break from the past . In a Silent Way , although using rock instruments was serene and peaceful . Bitches Brew , although a better album than Jack Johnson certainly had rock elements but was closer to jazz , perhaps even free jazz -LRB- though Miles was no fan of free jazz -RRB- . Jack Johnson , however , put forth the jazz funk elements that would last from Live-Evil to On the Corner to Agharta -LRB- which has a cover of `` Right Off '' that sounds nothing like the Jack Johnson version . Jack Johnson though ignored mostly in its time , is the crucial change over album for Miles . Plus free jazz legend Sonny Sharrock guested on it . In a stroke of inspiration , a short fragment of `` In a Silent Way '' is spliced in . This is Miles way of saying farewell to the past . Every album beyond this would have some elements of heavy funk and Miles ' sound would become totally different and send some of the audience packing and the rest lucky they were around to hear it . The Jack Johnson sessions are good but rely too heavily on multiple out-takes of the same songs . You can pick up the album first and then decide whether you want to hear a boxset of its creating process .
 This was recorded around the time when Miles Davis was at an ultra-incredible period , stretching all boundaries and never looking back , with a thirst for unseen horizons . And ' A Tribute To Jack Johnson ' is a one-of-a-kind recording among all that , a one-off meeting in the studio which put together a unique band for a unique purpose.Recorded in a flash on April 7 , 1970 with Billy Cobham on drums , John McLaughlin on guitar , Herbie Hancock on Organ , Steve Grossman on sax and the amazing Michael Henderson on bass , Miles had such spontaneous music flowing out in the room , he sounds like he can barely control his moment of clear inspiration . As the music smokes , he comes in and blows his trumpet into the stratosphere on ` Right Off ' , simply creating timeless art.And then on the original side B , we are treated to a slow-burning psycho-funk with its insistent bass thump . ` Yesternow ' is the PERFECT counterpoint to ` Right Off ' . I can only say that music absolutely mattered then and thank Miles and the band for such beauty .
 If with the previous albumBitches BrewMiles Davis established gritty fusion as his new sound , 1970 's JACK JOHNSON marked a refinement of this style . `` Right Off '' , the first track of this collection of two ~ 25 minutes jams written for a film on the old-time boxer , immediately provides an electric basis . One hears John McLaughlin 's furious guitar licks against a rhythm section of Michael Henderson on bass and Billy Cobham on drums , and only over two minutes in does Davis appear on trumpet . From there on , however , Davis does dominate the show . Initially he 's just straightforwardly smoking , playing off against McLaughlin especially . Eventually , however , producer Ted Macero contributes some studio wizardry that makes Davis ' horn more ambient . It 's important to note that everything on this album is heavily edited , but such stitching is generally invisible and much less intrusive than BITCHES BREW . Finally , McLaughlin and Henderson solo again , and we finally hear a decent amount of electric organ from Herbie Hancock.If `` Right Off '' ranges all over the place , the second track , `` Yesternow '' , can risk monotony with the endlessly repeating bass line dominating its first part . The solos over it , however , are quality . Davis ' initial appearance is of a lush and mellow kind more reminiscent of his mid-1960s bop than recent efforts . About halfway through , we hear a snippet of Davis ' earlier albumIn a Silent Waywhich Macero inserted as a bridging segment . The second half of the track features a completely new ensemble , many from BITCHES BREW , with Sonny Sharrock providing a second guitar and Bennie Maupin playing bass clarinet . Here Davis ' trumpet approaches a rhythm instrument , briefly giving a very wide space for the other instrumentalists . The last six minutes or so of the track are almost pure funk , with one guitar playing wah-wah and the other straight.I 've decided to give this album four stars because it does seem somewhat less substantial and varied than the releases preceding and following . However , this is a very entertaining effort , and may provide a path into Davis ' fusion period for those who think BITCHES BREW is too noisy and convoluted -LRB- though IN A SILENT WAY works even better -RRB- .
 Miles ' rockinest ' LP . Like a good ' 70 's Allmans jam with trumpet . Highly recommended . play it loud !
 I have always found this album as my favorite of the `` electric phase '' of Miles Davis . His solos are fabulous and the pieces - though lengthy - do not drift off into a free jazz mode ... they are tight and rock hard.John McLaughlin proves without a shadow of a doubt that he was the baddest guitar player at this time . The five-disk sessions set - a must companion piece - aptly shows McLaughlin on top of his game in jazz , rock and R&B ; riffs . And head for the hills when Billy Cobham and Herbie Hancock start grooving.For those looking to start a collection in electric jazz and/or Miles , this is a perfect place to start .
 Recorded and performed in honor of the late boxing legend , 1970 's `` A Tribute to Jack Johnson '' is another entry into the `` electric '' catalogue of Miles Davis . Here , he and his remarkable band show that he was as much a rocker as a jazz stalwart . Each of the two tracks clocks in at no less than 25 minutes , and they both take their sweet time giving the listener a tour through many textures and patterns . `` Right Off '' is deeply marinated in jazz , blues , and rock . John McLaughin 's bluesy guitar and Michael Henderson 's steady bass give it a funky edge before Miles takes control with his blazing trumpet . These guys have rarely sounded so confident on record as they do here . Next up is `` Yesternow , '' which kicks off on a chilled note with just a Henderson bass line matched up against Miles steady trumpet . But shortly after the 10 minute mark , a rush of aggressive guitars and beat-heavy drums -LRB- courtesy of Billy Cobham -RRB- kick in , and `` Yesternow '' suddenly morphs into another great fusion of rock , blues , and jazz . A record that reveals something new after each listen , `` A Tribute to Jack Johnson '' is a key moment in Miles ' material of the 1970s .
 A Tribute to Jack Johnson is quite possibly the very best Miles Davis album . It 's flawless really . `` Right Off '' lives up to its name - it 's the right way to kick things off ! The trumpet jam is noticeably quite melodic and packs a LOT of intense energy and nonstop excitement , perfectly capturing a party atmosphere -LRB- or a band totally enjoying themselves -RRB- . Meanwhile McLaughlin 's guitar jam is absolutely splendid and rocks with just as much exuberance . At over 25 minutes , you THINK you 'd get bored , but ... you wo n't , trust me . You do n't even have to be a major jazz fan to appreciate something this good . `` Yesternow '' is a radically different beast altogether , with a very moody , dreary and depressing saxophone jam . After the halfway point -LRB- 12 minutes in -RRB- the jam morphs into something entirely different , and very melodic . It never loses its momentum , though perhaps it 's a few minutes too long . A very minor complaint obviously . This song would n't be out of place on Bitches Brew I believe.Overall , Miles Davis blows me away with A Tribute to Jack Johnson . I highly recommend it .
 Miles has always been an artistic master of sound and space . A Tribute to Jack Johnson sums up new directions Miles had been migrating towards . These 2 tracks are emotional , creative and powerful . The Album/CD is forever fresh in sound .
 Another slow cooked fusion dazzler which does n't quite reach the dizzying heights of his best mesh , but a one-and-especially-two punch knockout of extended interplay still sits well as one of his finer minors .
 IT WOULD BE VERY HARD FOR ME TO SAY THAT THIS IS MY FAVORITE MILES DAVIS ALBUM , BECAUSE THE MAN HAD SO MANY DIFFERENT FACETS IN HIS CAREER , WAS A TRUE TRAILBLAZER IN THE MUSIC WORLD AND MADE A TON OF GREAT RECORDINGS . BUT THIS ALBUM STAND OUT BECAUSE IT IS THE PROBABLY THE FINEST EXAMPLE OF THE BLENDING OF JAZZ , ROCK , FUNK , BLUES , AND ESOTERIC SOUNDS THAT MILES EVER RECORDED . IT DOES N'T HURT THAT HE HAS FANTASTIC BACKUP WITH HERBIE HANCOCK , BILLY COBHAM , AND JOHN MCLAUGHLIN . I HAVE NEVER GOTTERN TIRED OF HEARING THIS 1970 RELEASE , IT STILL SOUNDS AS FRESH TODAY AS THE DAY IT WAS RECORDED . BITCHES BREW , ON THE CORNER , BIG FUN AND OTHERS ARE GREAT , BUT THIS ONE IS JUST A WEE BIT BETTER ALL AROUND
 Hard to add much to the great comments already here , but this is one piece of jazz that will get you up off the couch and MOVING .
 I will keep this short as I totally agree with the other reviewers , but just let me say that this album is raunchy , gritty , and conveys raw pain like no other record I can think of . I do n't often play air trumpet but `` Right Off '' makes me !
 If you are a rock fan and thinking about jazz , this is a great album for you ! This album showcases Miles , he keeps it funky and rocking at hte same time .
 For those who are n't aware , this JACK JOHNSON soundtrack was compiled from 1970 studio sessions by Miles Davis for a rarely-seen documentary of the legendary boxer . The 2005 Ken Burns-directed UNFORGIVABLE BLACKNESS documentary with music by Wynton Marsalis is an entirely different audio/video project . Although Davis ' music i.m.o. certainly evokes the spirit of Johnson , it also stands on its own musical merits as arguably one of the most outstanding Miles albums of his entire career -LRB- which is saying something because Miles ' career is loaded with classic , timeless performances -RRB- . As I wrote of the boxed set of the JACK JOHNSON sessions , if ever progressive strains of jazz , rock , blues , and funk found common ground -- without selling any of the above short -- I 'd argue it was in the early-1970 sessions from which this album was pasted together . JACK JOHNSON rocks steady , gets on the good foot , and does so with jazz intuition and blues feeling . Miles ' playing is awesome , and I would consider his opening solo on `` Right Off '' to be as brilliant as any I 've heard by him at ANY point in his career , finding a perfect , unpredictable balance between basic and abstract improvisational phrases . The rhythm section -- including John McLaughlin on guitar , Michael Henderson on electric bass , and Billy Cobham on drums -- throws down a steady beat that reacts to and pushes Miles onward and upward . Reedman Steve Grossman , keyboardist Herbie Hancock , more from Miles , and finally McLaughlin manage to keep this lengthy cut interesting , while some spliced-in segments from related sessions by producer Teo Macero keep the listener off-balance to good effect . `` Yesternow '' builds slowly off of a Henderson bass motif , beginning quietly but eventually erupting into a electrifying riff that at one point has frequently uncredited guitarist Sonny Sharrock creating joyful noises that are apt to forever remain edgy as future generations discover this already 35-year old album . Those who are unfamiliar with JACK JOHNSON may have to make some adjustments to fully appreciate this album , given that it is comprised of two long tracks , spliced to their 20-plus minute lengths from various sessions -LRB- which btw are heard in unedited form on the excellent COMPLETE JACK JOHNSON SESSIONS boxed set -RRB- . Also , there are no pre-written melodies as the music focuses mostly on solo statements by -- and the interaction of -- the musicians . If you can accept this album on its own terms , you 're likely to be rewarded with an inspired listening experience no matter how often you play it . Which one can say of dozens of Miles Davis albums !
 I was totally blown away when I first heard this . This is Miles at his funkiest , loudest and bluesiest . It sounds like so much fun!Every musician on this album is in top form and the aggressive , raucous soloing is indescribable . It 's a great privilege to hear these guys settle into a groove.The cutting and pasting technique involved in making the original long jams more palatable can be a bit annoying at times but I was n't going to buy the ` Complete Jack Johnson Sessions ' when I had n't heard one note of this album before . That 's the only complaint I have with this great piece of work.Overall , it was incredibly enjoyable !
 This album and the songs contained , cover the rise and fall of Jack Johnson America 's MOST infamous and 1st Black Heavyweight Champion . The up tempo beginning of `` Right Off '' is Johnson striving to fullfill the ambition of his youth and overcome the staggering imbalance forced upon him by America 's racist foundations . The tempo changes during the piece to express the `` flat spots '' and the `` downs '' that even a powerful man such as Jack Johnson experienced while being the most SUCCESSFUL Black man of his era . `` Right Off '' ends like it begins with a bang . `` Yesternow '' seems to be the manifesto of a man begging for acceptance from the world in general and America in particular . It tells the world who this man is and that his being is not up for debate , it is a `` take it or leave it '' pronouncement ! `` Accept me as I am or not at all '' , I will survive and thrive in either case !
 Miles here recorded for several months in the studio , tape forever rolling , `` jam session style . '' Afterwards , -LRB- since there were too many cuts to be included on an LP -RRB- , they selected these 2 songs for the record . Mile 's producer , Ted Marceo -LRB- who had been with him since around 1958 -RRB- , inserted a tape on trk 1 from a previous session containing a scary muted trumpet sound . He also toned the drums down on some parts for a `` drumless '' effect -LRB- which would otherwise be forever playing -RRB- . Herbie Hancock was n't scheduled to be on the session . He just walked in back from the supermarket still holding his grocery bags to drop off a copy of his latest LP -LRB- today it is a CD -RRB- for Miles . He never intended to stay . But Miles had other plans . He saw how adding keys to the session could make it better . So ... he just pointed to a small Farfisa organ in the corner & said `` play ! '' Herbie had never seen the thing before and anyways , he HAD TO GO . They argued for a while but Miles was firm . At last , Herbie went over to the thing and tried to figure out how to turn it on . After that , he played his solo , gave Miles the record and left . Enjoy this CD and let 's hope after all that arguing , Herbie has some energy in his solo !
 right off kicks off with billy cobham , michael henderson , and john mclaughlin dropping some serious southern rock blues no wonder folks could ` nt tell if this was jazz or rock miles delivers also and herbie hancock does one of his wickeder solo 's if you like long instrumentals from outer space this is for you rest in peace miles . miles fans who prefer the fusion period should definetly purchaes this .
 I have to say that this CD is a masterpiece . The first song `` Right Off '' is really great , Miles does rock n ' roll and jazz -LRB- like Miles jazz trumpet and Joe Satriani hard rock -RRB- and that is really one of Miles ' best recordings ever , and one of my favorite Miles nearing 27 minutes of driving rock and jazz . Yesternow is more like other Miles a lot slower and calmer , but in the middle has a background of the first song of `` In a Silent Way '' , in the end there is a voice for Jack Johnson . This is great Miles from the seventies and it is one of his greatest recordings . Every Miles Davis CD or Record collection should have this .
 Some will want to argue with the statement made in the title of this review but I will proudly stand behind my claim . Others might be confused , but rest assured , `` nasty '' is a good thing in the jazz-rock realm . I tell my trombone player he 's nasty after just about every gig , and he is . Nasty is an emotional reaction that , like funky , comes only from music -LRB- I have never heard of a nasty painting or a nasty piece of architecture , and nothing concrete in life gives you this reaction -RRB- and makes you do all kinds of nasty things , like curling your lip or dancing badly , or whooping or going `` whoaaa '' or howling or stomping ... you get the idea , it 's like funky but even more pronounced and energetic ... but anyway this album is NASTY ! Miles assembled a fantastic band for this project , a film score for a documentary on boxer Jack Johnson . The band is comprised of Miles , John McLaughlin on guitar , Michael `` Nasty '' Henderson on bass -LRB- okay I made that nickname up , but he is -RRB- , Billy Cobham on drums , Herbie Hancock on organ -LRB- he reportedly stopped by the studio in the middle of the session with a bag of groceries and his new album to show Miles , and Miles insisted , as the recording was happening , that he sit down at the organ and take a solo . He does and it 's nasty . My only complaint is that Steve Grossman , the saxophonist , is not quite in the same league as the rest of the musicians but his contribution is okay nonetheless . The first track , `` Right Off , '' is 25 minutes of nastiness , a heavy rock and roll shuffle featuring McLaughlin on the most in-your-face guitar solo . A few minutes in , Miles comes in , the key changes , and Miles takes what I would consider one of his greatest solos ever ; he is in absolute command of his instrument and uses the whole range in blowing a highly charged , funky-yet-out solo over the persistent yet flexible shuffle groove . There is one moment where Miles trades exclamatory short blasts with the rest of the band and everyone is so locked in it 's incredible . The first eight minutes or so of this track are worth the cost of the CD for these two solos.That 's not to say the rest of the album is n't good , but it 's not quite as good as the amazing beginning . The rest of `` Right Off '' features Hancock 's organ as well as Grossman 's saxophone and remains healthily nasty throughout , with the exception of a reflective section spliced in by producer Teo Macero , whose contribution to the editing of this album is slightly more prominent than usual . This is even more evident on the second track , `` Yesternow , '' which has almost a cut-and-paste feeling that was probably more effective for the documentary than for a continuous listening experience without it . There is one section from `` In a Silent Way , '' just about a minute long , in which Miles solos with himself over the lush , memorable groove from the earlier album . I found that the effect of this section was to remind me of how much I love that album , not the one at hand . But it 's still interesting in contrast to the nasty first tune.This is a tough album to place in terms of accessibility ; it 's really in-your-face with loud , almost distorted guitar but there 's nothing particularly weird here that would turn off the casual listener . My friend , a trumpeter and Miles expert , maintains that this is not a jazz album but rather a rock album , and I would tend to agree , though improvisation plays a huge role in making this music happen -LRB- nothing was written beforehand and very little was rehearsed -RRB- . This is actually a great bridge into jazz from heavier rock , better than any other electric Miles which is often an acquired taste and on the abstract side . Jazz fans will appreciate Miles ' assertiveness and the interplay happening here -LRB- this is not lifeless or stagnant as fusion could be -RRB- as long as they are not closed-minded about the incorporation of rock into jazz or jazz into rock . All in all , the first track is phenomenal and the second is musing , so this album comes together as a masterpiece and one of my favorites by Miles .
 Miles is amazing as always . More rock than jazz though for all those who love the classics . Some fast paced changes and movements through a wide range of hard jazz , it totally rocks . Start with Miles in the sky , then In a silent Way , then this album and end with his masterpiece Bitches Brew for the entire progession of one of the most phenomenol talents of our time . Peace
 This review refers to `` A Tribute To Jack Johnson '' / Miles DavisOriginally released in 1971 , this album really cooks.The two tracks on this album , were written by Miles Davis , and are from a documentary of boxer Jack Johnson 's bio . The sound is incredible.First of all , you will really feel the emotions of the fighter in the ring . Davis ' trumpeting , although a rock-jazz style , is definitive of his immense talent . Extraordinary solos that will have you immersed in every note . And what 's more check out some of the talent he brings with him . Herbie Hancock on Organ , John McLaughlin on Guitar Steve Grossman on Soprano Sax , Billy Cobham on Drums and Michael Henderson on Electric Bass . Whoa . . Whole lotta greatness there ! They are all superb , and their combined talents make this album a real treat and treasure for fans.An amazing production job , the recordings were produced over a 16 week period in 1970 . The 2 tracks are `` Right Off '' and `` Yesternow '' , for a total of about 53 minutes of heaven . The CD -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is a superior quality . Every note and sound filtered through the speakers beautifully . It includes a nice 15 page booklet with facts on Davis , the musicians , the recording sessions , and a history of jazz in brief -LRB- and also a few pix -RRB- . An older edition is also available here at : A Tribute to Jack JohnsonRecommended for Jazz fans , and Rock fans leaning towards the jazzy side . Incredible stuff ! Wonderful Tribute ... Enjoy ... Laurie
 Miles Davis might have lost several fans begging for him to live his life doing nothing but albums like Kind of Blue , but Miles Davis did what came from his heart , and this time , it was more of a rock/funk influenced style . I label this album not as much as a jazz-fusion album , not a jazz-rock album , not a rock-jazz album , none of that . I think of this album mainly as an instrumental funk album , or an R&B ; album . I would say that jazz-fusion is a good label however.The music is much grittier and much more aggressive than anything from his early years on Kind of Blue . He has John McLaughlin on electric guitar , and Herbie Hancock on electric keyboards although some people have said that some of the keyboard playing was actually from Chick Corea . The album only has two tracks that both are primarily improvisation over vamping . However , the tracks have such nice grooves in them that I would n't want this album any other way.It 's hard to believe that this album was done by the same person who did Kind of Blue , but this album is a wonderful album .
 this is a rock jazz record that will blow you away .
 I have the album , -LRB- and have had since it came out in 1971 -RRB- , the cassette , and the CD , . I saw the film when it came out , but have not been able to find it since . Please help me find a copy . It is well worth it to hear the music along with the film . Trust me .
 I heard Mas Ikemiya in person a few months ago and he is the best ragtime pianist that I 've heard ! Where can I get an album ?
 Desecration -LRB- Rag Humoresque -RRB- Pasquinade , capriceMississippi RagRagtime NightingaleThe FavoriteThe EntertainerMagnetic RagGolliwogg 's Cake WalkLe Petit NegreThe PippinRichmond RagHot House RagRialto RipplesGarotoFon-FonElegiac Rag
 My first encounter with the music of Ms. Haendel was in the wonderful VHS/DVD `` Art of the Violin . '' The insights offered in the interviews as well as the short excerpt of a performance were such that I was determined to find whatever was available of her works , whether it was in VHS/DVD or CD/Vinyl . The 2 works on this video are incredible . The passion she projects , as well as the technical mastery are breathtaking . I am not pleased with the coy and `` girlish '' tones whe uses in the interviews shown on this video , but I realize it was probably the norm for the time period in which they were recorded . She probably would have been castigated had she used any other .
 Kathy Troccoli does a wonderful job making her songs pure and true while having different beats . She has a wide selection of music types . I love her voice it is not to high but not really low . No matter what kind of voice you have you can sing along with her . One of my favorite songs is Ca n't get you out of my heart !!! You really should get this and listen to it .
 I have just recently began collecting CD 's by this artist . I had heard her songs on various mixed CD 's and decided to try her album . This is one of her earlier works and she has a magical , warm voice and the songs she wrote on this album take a deep look at love , happiness , despair and joy . I look forward to purchasing more albums by her and would recommend this CD to anyone wanting something different from a female artist .
 This is commercial pop rock with a real sense of passion , something missing from so many of KT 's peers . It 's a vocal album with a backbeat that pushes one to not so much dance but instead sing along with as much emotion as possible . It ` s easy to forget that rock can really be this tender . It does n`t hurt to have Diane Warren ` s always beautiful pen in the mix . Yes , it 's by a reknown Christian artist . But , KT is not singing Jesus this & Jesus that , or campfire church songs , which is how a lot of people mistakeningly label Christian music , alienating themselves with stereotypes from great music . These are songs of passion , life & the heart . KT calls them Christian songs . Other bands might just call them love ballads ... KT is no more religious than Metallica in the end . As it is , a few songs are penned by the non-Christian artist Warren , who should be as iconized as much as Bernie Taupin or Jim Steinman having written chart-topping ballads recorded by Cher -LRB- i.e. `` If I Could turn Back Time '' , `` Just Like Jesse James '' -RRB- , Milli Vanilli -LRB- i.e. `` Blame It On The Rain '' -RRB- , Aerosmith -LRB- i.e. `` I Do n't Want To Miss A Thing '' -RRB- , Michael Bolton -LRB- i.e. `` How Can We Be Lovers '' -RRB- , Meat Loaf -LRB- i.e. `` I 'd Lie For You -LRB- & That 's The Truth -RRB- '' -RRB- , Bad English -LRB- i.e. `` When I See You Smile '' -RRB- , to name only a few . Right there one knows the material is strong , while KT 's own pen brings out equal delight . With her strong voice , different than many female singers with a more husky tone that 's often been criticized or equated to jazz not pop , the weaknesses of the album are risen over . Yes , there is a weakness in the album , but its one obvious only through hindsight , as at the time the album was considered her strongest . The music is flooded with a now dated Michael Bolton-esque reliance on synthesizers . Though , ironically , of note on the recording is Twisted Sister drummer Joe Franco , Megadeth guitarist Al Pitrelli & Shakira bassist Mark Russell , all who would soon join Dee Snider for two albums in the hard rocking Widowmaker , plus Beach Boys sax player Richie Cannato & backing vocalists Joe Lynn Turner of Rainbow & Tony Harnell of TNT . The troupe was led by producer Ric Wake & award-winning keyboardist Rich Tandredi , who helmed the same group , san Pitrelli , in crafting `` Tell It To My Heart '' for Taylor Dayne . It 's no accident that the successful Dayne session group was recruited by KT . She was a backing vocalist on the album . Wake & company would appear on numerous albums throughout 1990 & 1991 . Their inclusions would always be the only rock moments in heavily synthesized albums , making it a bit odd that the synthesizer would play such a prominent part here where they 'd finally get a chance to do more than a track or two . Pitrelli gets a two bar solo in one song that 's nearly lost & plays some rhythms tucked in the mix . The real highlight is Franco who drives the album with a strong beat , far more enjoyable than the electronic drums chosen by so many of KT 's peers at this time.For those not familiar with Troccoli besides being a musican she 's also an author & lecturer . She also auditioned for the role of Eva Peron for the film version of Broadway 's Evita . She was obviously beaten by Madonna , but not before three call-back auditions . Pure Attraction was Troccoli 's first album to wield a mainstream chart hit with the single `` Everything Changes '' , peaking at 14 on the Billboard Hot 100 , & marking a comeback after five years out of music .
 This is a great soundtrck it 's fun and enjoyable to listen to . the best songs on this soundtrack are all of them if you have not listened to this soundtrack then i recommend you do
 If you 've heard a DJ play anywhere on planet Earth in the last six months , you 've heard `` At Night '' spinning . The Kid Creme remix makes you `` feel much better '' -- so yes , the remixes are worthwhile . A good score on vinyl or CD .
 The first time I heard this song , was on Top of the Pops , and was instantly hooked . Terra Deva or should I say Diva ** is the female vocalist featured . The original edit is the best cut on the cd the rest are so so , but just for the original edit its worth the money .
 THE O'JAYS SOUND INCREDIBLE HERE.THE VOICES ARE SO SOULFUL&THE MUSIC JUST BLAZES&N ever Lets Up.Fantastic & A Must Have .
 The O'Jays capture what soul is all about . Strong , sensual , social , but , most importantally soulful . Any R & B connoisseur will be fortunate to listen and own a copy of this wonderful classic . As a product of N.E. Ohio , -LRB- Akron -RRB- I am very proud of my fellow Buckeyes .
 Even though it was n't his original songs , He sang those songs pretty well . When I first opened the case , I put it on cd player and I could n't stop listening to it ! It 's just maybe my taste of music/genre . Christian Bautista is known as `` The Asian Ballader '' He 's one of the great filipino singers around .
 This performance is very exciting and very well sung particularly by the two leading singers.They are an outstanding couple , and they compliment each other beautifully.Lauritz Melchior one of the greatest Helden tenors of the century , has an ideal voice for the music of Wagner . His Lohengrin is an imposing creation.His voice is powerful , rich , very well controlled and beautiful.Helen Traubel as Elsa Von Brabant is almost his equal.Her voice is also powerful , beautiful and is very comfortable in this role . Margaret Harshaw has dark and voluminous soprano , with an excellent low range ideal for the sorceress Ortrud.Osie Hawkins as Graf Von Telrqmund possesses also a dark baritone voice and is an excellent vilain.Bass Dezso Ermster as Konig Heinrich , has noble and distinctive voice singing t wo arias with authority.Hugh Thompson as Herrufer -LRB- Herald -RRB- also performs his role with distinction.Conductor Fritz Busch leads the excellent chorus and Metropolitan Orchestra with precision and authority.Everything would be fine , but the cuts are unexeptable.More than 47min . It disfigured the opera to extreme , although all the major scenes are included , nevertheless there is plenty of good music omitted.To recommend this recording to little experience music lover is impossible.It can be only recommended for know ledgeable Wagner enthusiast or admirers of Helen Traubel and Lauritz Melchior.A newcomer of music with little experience should be introduced only to complete studio recording in order to get all the benefits.The EMI studio recording of Lohengrin with Jess Thomas and Elizabeth Grummer will be the best to obtain .
 Listen to probably the best and definatley the most popular tune on this album ` daddy big hair ' -LRB- which I belive is a name derived from the fuzzinesss of Pork rec 's manager Dave Brennand a.k.a Porkie 's head of hair -RRB- . This tune will give you a slice of the twisted perfection that is Bullitnuts . Get laid back to the chilled out beats that are leading the way forward and tend to strike a chord with a more relaxed audience . A big round of applause to the Porksters who hav n't let us down yet on their quality and originality - these boys are no amateurs ! .
 A great record from what seem to be a group of self-taught electronics players . Wonderful compositional ideas . A UK act , they are kinda similar to Tortoise from Illinois . But they do n't meander as much - they build ongoing repeating patterns of sound upon the basis of tight tunes .
 Another choice piece from pork recordings . This CD is very interesting and choc full of chilled out tracks characteristic of pork.Downtempo grooves with well placed instruments , samples and synths . The entire album is very well produced and cohesive , and the tracks are well composed . Catchy and original - if you like other pork releases such as Baby Mammoth , Fila Brazillia or Bullitnuts , you should know what to expect by now -LRB- excellence -RRB- . The songs are at once catchy and original , yet detailed and rich . A perfect CD to drive on a summer day or night , or to pop in he cd player when chilling out . Guaranteed to have you humming , nodding your head and just enjoying the disc.Top notch chilled out beats .
 great cd ! one of pork 's best . should be referred to as a start-up kit for pork 's super recordings ! check out `` book me in '' !!!
 A Different Ball Game , the last album by the Bullitnuts , may indeed be their magnum opus . They had perfected the smooth jazzy trip hop that they would carry into their later projects -LRB- Leggo Beast and Momma Gravy -RRB- . `` Toffee Slot '' is a brilliant piece of chill , while the sort-of-gross named `` Scatmunching '' has a deliciously wobbly bass over some light sputtering breaks . The tracks towards the middle of the album blend together in a pleasant way , but once the dark funk of `` Daddy Big Hair '' comes on , the magic explodes full force . `` Heavy Air '' is a beautiful piece of work , brooding and light , full of wandering pleasures . It 's a reflection of the album as a whole .
 I grew up to a lot of these songs . It 's great to have them all on one CD . The best John Denver collection I 've found ! -LRB- Well , ok , maybe John Denver and the Muppet 's Christmas album -RRB- . The recordings are beautiful with a little humor snuck in . If you like John , I HIGHLY recommend this CD !
 ALL OF THE SONGS THAT MADE JOHN DENVER GREAT CAN BE FOUND IN THIS COLLECTION . FROM THE WHIMSICAL TO THE LOVELORN , IT 'S ALL HERE . THIS COLLECTION WILL MAKE YOU LAUGH ALL OVER AGAIN , AND CRY ALL OVER AGAIN AS WELL , AS YOU SPAN EVERY EMOTION WITH DENVER . TRULY A GREAT STORYTELLER IN SONG , HIS GREATNESS IS THAT NEVER DID HE TAKE HIMSELF TOO SERIOUSLY . JUST A GREAT LISTEN . THIS ONE IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 1940 was Duke 's big year.He had the greatest big band that ever was
 This is a 2 CD , April 2001 Storyville records release containing 45 live tracks totaling 153 minutes . The Special Edition package has five additional tracks from the original 40 track release . The material covers the legendary Duke Ellington Orchestra 's 1940 concert conducted in Fargo , North Dakota . The venue was the Crystal Ballroom located on the second floor of the Fargo City Auditorium.The history behind this recording , originally a non commercial venture led by two young college students -LRB- Jack Towers & Richard Burris -RRB- , is fascinating . Anyone interested , is encouraged to access Wikipedia under the title '' Duke Ellington at Fargo , 1940 Live '' . An earlier version of this recording won the 1980 Grammy for best jazz instrumental performance . It is without doubt one of the top three live recordings of the Ellington Orchestra.The major attributes that influence the legend of this live recording is the exceptional audio quality -LRB- given the equipment limitations at the time -RRB- , the stellar play list with associated arrangements and the individual and collective artist performances.All the great artists , e.g. , Carney , Bigard , Hodges , Webster , Hardwick , Nance , Stewart , Nanton , Tizol , Blanton , Green , Anderson and Jeffries are present and in fine form.Some of the concert highlights include swinging versions of ` The Sheik of Araby '' and `` Pussy Willow '' . A marvelous ballad , '' There Shall Be No Night `` which includes an exceptional vocal by Herb Jeffries . '' Harlem Air Shaft '' features Jimmy Blanton thumping bass lines , accompanied by Sonny Greer 's outstanding drum work . The same selection includes solos from Bigard , Stewart and Nance . This horn ensemble simply blows the roof off this number.There are two outstanding renditions of the Duke Ellington composition '' Warm Valley '' that feature the soulful contribution of Ben Webster on tenor sax . `` Boy Meets Horn `` is an up tempo classic tune that features the impeccable cornet styling of Rex Stewart.Other standout numbers include '' Caravan '' and `` Conga Brava '' which spotlights Juan Tizol 's slide trombone . Ray Nance 's swing violin is featured in the band 's interpretation of '' Honeysuckle Rose '' and the artist also has an opportunity to show off his exceptional scat vocals on '' Wham '' . Barney Bigard 's creative clarinet offerings are flawlessly presented on the composition entitled `` Clarinet Lament . '' Finally , `` Stompy Jones '' , `` Bojangles ' , `` On The Air `` and '' Rumpus in Richmond '' are some of the best recorded examples of the Ellington orchestra swinging in high gear.Unfortunately some of Ivy Anderson 's and to a lesser degree , Herb Jeffries vocals suffer from the recording limitations . Some , not all , of the vocals are not balanced properly with the orchestra and sound `` in the background '' rather then as featured performances . Also a limited number of the 45 song selections end somewhat abruptly due to the requirement to change the individual recording discs once the 15 minute limitation was reached.Another disappointment , is the complete absence of liner notes with the sole exception of the play list . A recording of this magnitude deserves better.Overall , these shortcomings prove to be minor distractions when compared to the listening enjoyment experienced from some of the greatest live jazz ever captured on record .
 What an incredible experience -- to be on stage with Duke 's finest ensemble for five unrushed , high-spirited hours . Never has the music of this period seemed more `` alive . '' For the first time , I can understand why the Blanton-Webster edition of the band has received so much attention -- and veneration -- from the jazz historians and Ellington scholars.This elaborate edition is certainly a worthwhile investment , but should price be an obstacle , have no hesitation about picking up the Spanish import , `` The Complete Legendary Fargo Concert , '' at less than half the price . The audio quality , all things considered -LRB- the recording was made by amateurs with no intention of commercial release -RRB- , is miraculous , with the tones of Blanton 's bass coming through with greater clarity than do the bass frequencies on Charlie Parker studio recordings made ten years later .
 You do n't just listen to these incredible recordings ; they actually take you there , to Fargo , to soak up the swinging music , the joy , the dancing , laughter and talking . The Ellington band , here in it 's perhaps best ever constellation , is at its enthusiastic and professional peak.This wonderful collection of takes will not only offer you some of the best listening time you have ever had ; it will also leave you feeling an immense gratitude that it has been preserved - alive - for later generations .
 A historic recording ! One wonders how many other such performances were never recorded and saved . One of the greatest of jazz performances ever .
 In what way is this product , as its title suggests , `` special '' ? The copy I received contains no liner notes , no information on personnel , and a less-than-sterling recording quality -LRB- as would be expected given the circumstances of the recording -RRB- . The reviewer who offers information on personnel got that information from another source , and even the list of tracks which appears on this site is missing from the package . Why , the , do I give it as much as four stars ? It 's Duke and the wonderful 1940 version of his orchestra , and five stars is the highest allowed . In effect , given my reservations , this CD earns the highest rating possible minus one for quibbles .
 It seems that Glassjaw 's debut E.P `` Kiss Kiss Bang Bang '' is becoming harder and harder to find everyday , and I can easily see why . I 'm not going to lie to you though , this is really a release that only true , faithful Glassjaw fans are going to appreciate . If you 're someone who kinda got into one of their two full lengths , or maybe you 've just listened to them casually from time to time , it 's probably not the best buy for you -LRB- especially because they are getting more and more expensive -RRB- . However if you love everything Glassjaw has put out to date , then `` Kiss Kiss Bang Bang '' is a worthwhile addition to your collection , although it 's very different from the Glassjaw we are used to hearing . `` Kiss Kiss Bang Bang '' is Glassjaw definitely at a different stage of being a band . Compared to EYEWTKAS or WAT , this EP does n't sound a whole lot like Glassjaw now . You can definitely hear the influence of NYHC on the band , and a lot more alternative influence , compared to the emo and punk influence that 's now abundant in their music . Daryl 's lyrics are much more abstract and poetic on this disk -LRB- they came from a Poetry Book he wrote in 1997 entitled `` Blood Red Lipstick '' , good luck finding one of those -RRB- . The songs themselves are fairly good , even in this rough state . The production is not nearly as good as you 've grown accustomed to , but it 's the authenticity and originality of the sound that 's the best part here . There 's a fair amount of screaming in places -LRB- although much more clean vocals than screaming -RRB- , and Todd 's backing vocals are showcased more on this cd than any other . `` Black Coffee '' is an outwardly aggressive opener that hinges on the best parts of Glassjaw 's sound . `` The Snow Veil '' and `` Pink Roses And The Graveyard '' are easily two of the heavier tracks the EP has to offer , and `` Star Above My Bed '' has to be one of my favorite Glassjaw songs . However the most appealing piece has to be the albums closer `` Vermont Connection '' , which features not only amazing lyrics and music , but a great spoken word poem at the end of the song which I love more and more everytime I hear it -LRB- starts at around 6:34 -RRB- . Every song is memorable to the listener on this piece ; there is no filler.Like I said you 're probably only going to really enjoy this one if you are a hardcore Glassjaw fan . The ep sounds different from the Glassjaw that 's known now adays , but it 's every bit as good as anything the band has ever done . It sounds a lot like the `` Impossible Shot '' demo tape that was released in 1996 -LRB- if you happened to have heard or downloaded it , once again good luck finding a copy of that -RRB- . I enjoy this Ep every time I listen to it , just like everytime I listen to any piece of Glassjaw music . It does n't dissapoint . Pick it up while there still around because these things are getting almost impossible to find .
 This album is great to listen to if you want to hear the begining of glassjaw . But this is just the tip of the ice berg . Demos go way back to Impossible Shot , Don Fury and Monster Zero . If you want to hear an even earlier inception of GlassJAw be sure to check out Sons of Abraham 's album `` Termites in His Smile '' which is Jewish Hardcore . KKBB was ORIGINALLY released before EYEWTKAS so it has a different sound . But like every release glassjaw has put out , each one sounds different from the previous . Everyone into glassjaw should get this album , although the price listed on here is redic !! one should check out merchdirect .
 you will be able to find this at a better price at -LSB- . . -RSB- where it is currently 8 bucksDaryl does a lot of collaborations and I found some good ones here on Amazon check them out1 . Shoot Frank ... -LRB- band = Hell 's Winter -RRB- ... chill song2 . Grey Matter ... -LRB- band = Finch -RRB- ... really catchy thanks to Daryl but the other guys voice is not nearly as good3 . Project Mayhem ... -LRB- band = Finch -RRB- ... one of the guys -LRB- not Daryl -RRB- does this insane growl thing ... interesting4 . No Way Out -LRB- band = Roadrunner United -RRB- ... not really a band but a CD with a bunch of people signed under the Roadrunner Record Label . .
 IF YOUR A HARDCORE GLASSJAW FAN AND YOU REALLY WONDER ABOUT THIS GO AHEAD AND GET IT ... . YOU SHOULD TRY TO DL IT FIRST AND SAVE YOURSELF THE MONEY BUT IF YOUR ARE EXTREMELY CURIOUS GO AHEAD AND GET IT . IF YOU HAVE LISTENED TO GLASSJAW IN THE PAST AND YOU ARE NOT SURE IF YOU LIKE THEM DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS CUZ YOU WONT LIKE IT ... THIS IS FOR THE HARDCORE GJ FANS
 What can i say ? Glassjaw , dadgum amazing . good people too.The begining of their greatness . The roots of what they became .
 The `` Light Music Classics '' series on Hyperion , one of the highest-quality classical music labels around , has been a very pleasant surprise for me . Let 's face it
 This album is awesome . It has every song I grew up with and loved dancing too . I highly recommend it .
 Product arrive promptly and as advertised.Only Doo-Wop Collection You 'll Ever NeedProduct functions well and no problems . Recommended for those who like the music .
 I love doo wop music . This was a very good compilation of hits . I 've bought several CD 's of 50 's and 60 's music and this one is every bit as good . If you like doo wop music check this out . There are some songs that I had never heard but they were still very good .
 If you 're into old 1950 's and 60 's Doo Wop you will like this . Good selection from various old artists.Good sound quality . Brings back good memories when I was a kid and this music was taking off . Put this on ata dinner party recently as background music and everyone liked it including people younger than us .
 Wow ! I love this collection of Doo-Wop songs . With a couple of friends I put on `` shows '' at a local nursing home . . The residents knew most of the songs we sang for them and often joined us by singing along . Of all the songs on the 2 CD 's there were only 2 or 3 that I really did n't know . Great music !!! It brought me back to my youth .
 My wife and I love this music , she wanted a nice selection to use in her car and this was it ! A great 2CD selection , it might not be all you 'll EVER need of this music , but it is a great start . We purchased another set for a gift .
 The CD set is rightly titled !!! With one exception . Where are the ladies ? But very enjoyable !!!!!!!!!!!!
 The sound quality is great and takes you back to the days when Doo-Wop was at it 's height . -LRB- it will always be high -RRB- The music selections live up to the title `` The only DOO-Wop you 'll ever need '' They truely represent the best .
 I am was happy with the purchase and it arrived shortly . Very good ! Thanks !
 This two-CD collection of doo wop classics from 1954 's `` Goodnite Sweetheart '' through 1963 's `` Denise '' does a first-rate job of hitting most of the highlights of that glorious pre-British Invasion period in American popular music . Essentially what this is is a condensed version of Rhino 's superb 1993 101-track THE DOO WOP BOX . -LSB- Note
 What a fantastic couple of CDs !!! If you 're wondering what doo-wop was all about , this is the CD to buy . If you 're looking for something that does n't feature a lot of filler on it like so many sets of doo-wop songs do , this is the CD to buy . CD one clocks in at 45 + minutes with CD 2 coming in at 47 + minutes . It would n't have bothered me if they had included a couple of more genuinely classic songs on there , but hey , I 'm not complaining . Listening to these 2 CDs is pure enjoyment from the beginning to the end . Only one flaw and that is that `` Little Darlin ' '' listed by the Diamonds most definitely is n't the Diamonds -LRB- who did it much better than the group which is represented -RRB- .
 I doubt if this is the definitive Doo-Wop collection as implied by the title , but it is excellent . For a long time I have had a craving to buy a boxed set of Doo-Wop , but the $ 70 + was just too rich for my blood . This is great feel-good music at a feel-good price .
 I was a teen in the 50 's and grew up with this music . The two disks contain many of the best of this period and is well recorded . If you want an inexpensive collection that includes some of the best , this is it . I listen in the car and ca n't help singing along . I also own Slow Dancing Disk 1 and Disk 2 which are on the Warner Special Products label and recommend them highly if you want more great music from the 50 's and 60 's .
 When my wife and I sat down to listen to this set , we were instantly transported back to a time so different than today . It was wonderful to hear music that was not instrumentally and technologically overloaded with effects , offensive and often unintelligible lyrics and screaming overdubs . It reminded us of an innocent time in our history and brought back a lot of good memories as a child of those years . I would recommend this set to anyone looking to relive that era or for someone young to hear what real music was like .
 After reviewing several oldies doo-wop ; I chose this one because of quality of sound and artists and the great memories that it evokes.Buy it , you wo n't regret it .
 This could be the best CD although it 's missing `` Book Of Love '' by The Monotones but on top of that , it 's a really good multi-disc album a few remakes and original recordings .
 The Only Doo-Wop Collection You 'll Ever Need is an amazing two CD set of fantastic doo wop hits from almost all the biggest doo wop stars of the day . The sound is quite good and I like the artwork that comes with the CD . `` Why Do Fools Fall In Love '' by The Teenagers , featuring Frankie Lymon starts the CD off strong ; they sing and harmonize very well and the musical arrangement shines like gold ! I love it ! Frankie never misses a note ; and that horn solo beats anything for sure ! The Dell Vikings also perform their hit entitled `` Come Go With Me ; '' this peppy little ballad sounds as great as it ever did ! They harmonize well and they handle the tempo changes effortlessly . The Five Satins sing their slow dance `` In The Still Of The Night ; '' and I really like `` Since I Do n't Have You '' by The Skyliners . Man , how they do this up right ! I predict that you will enjoy `` Since I Do n't Have You . `` The Crests continue the hits with `` 16 Candles ; '' this touching ballad is one of the greatest doo wop tunes I 've heard -- ever . It 's THAT good . `` Get A Job '' is a tune both playful and somewhat serious by The Silhouettes ; they deliver this like true professionals.The second CD has many more great songs on it . Listen for Dion & The Belmonts as they lament the uneasiness of being `` A Teenager In Love . '' The Flamingos perform their touching melody entitled `` I Only Have Eyes For You ; '' I really like this number . The Duprees perform a moving rendition of `` You Belong To Me , '' too.Gene Chandler sings his classic `` Duke Of Earl ; '' Gene never sounded better and this ballad still sounds great today . The two CD set ends with the very sentimental `` Those Oldies But Goodies -LRB- Remind Me Of You -RRB- '' by Little Caesar & The Romans.If you like doo wop , or if you want to get into doo wop , this two CD set is precisely what you 're looking for . Yes , yes , they made a mistake about who performed `` Little Darlin ' , '' but the music itself -LRB- which is why we buy CDs -RRB- is sublime . I highly recommend this two CD set .
 i love this set of music I would definetly guy this again and recommends this to others . I think everyone would like this
 Even my husband was not disappointed with my purchase . The selections sample the best of the Doo Wop Era . We are enjoying the memories .
 Great nostalgic collection . Fits well with my slim , but growing 50s collection . I recommend if only for some ` thank God I do n't have amnesia ' time !
 Great sound quality . Enjoyable to listen to the music of the past . Everyone should enjoy listening to music from this era .
 The Doo Wop collection was exactly what I had been looking for !! We are having our 52 year class reunion and wanted a lot of the oldies , but goodies songs on just a few CDs , and these are perfect . The package was in perfect condition on arrival , and very prompt delivery .
 This double CD will make a doo wop fan out of anyone , the sound quality is excellent despite what a reviewer said , they must be listening over 1/2 '' computer speakers . The first time you put this on every song seems better than the last and they are all great . This CD has the original versions of many classics you 've heard on oldies radio over the years
 A 2 cd set of various doowop artists . Very enjoyable . Amazon had this delivered very quickly . Description was very accurate . Would definitely recommend to other doowop lovers !
 This is a great collection of million sellers . Every song on this double cd holds special memories . An excellent addition for serious Doo-Wop fans .
 I love the old DOO-WOP music from back in the day.This CD is everything you could ask for.I Love my Doo-Wop Collection CD , and have told many of my friends about it , and what they are missing out on.My total experience with Amazon.com was great.Thank you Amazon
 my girlfriend loved the Music ... said she knew all the words to 95 % of the songs ... great gift.i would recommend it to anyone who grew up in the 50s and 60s ...
 Sometimes I like to kick back and listen to Doo-Wop . It 's a little before my time , British Invasion era , but great music none the less . It 's worth the money if you like this style of music . Lots of songs and most are very good .
 50s doo wop better than ever . harmonies blend throughout with love versessounding great ... really takes you back to gentler times , recommended highly
 Nice compilation of Doo-Wop . Just what I was looking for to remember those days .
 I really am enjoying this collection . It has lots of really good doo-woop favorites and brings back fond memories of a `` gentler '' time in music . This type of music will never grow old !
 My husband and I love this collection . We keep it in the car and do n't even listen to the radio anymore . It takes us back to the time when we were young and care free .
 Being born in ' 55 , I am younger than so many fans . However , I grew up with lots of older relatives and fell in love with doo-wop at a very young age . In fact , a Fleetwoods album was one of my first as a child.This is a great little collection for a starter . It certainly is n't the only collection you 'll ever need . For those wanting a fairly comprehensive sample this will certainly do , though . In a couple of places the remaster gets a little boom-y in the bass , but that 's no big deal . It 's an excellent buy and I 'm glad to have it .
 Great Collection all on two CD 's . Most compltete of the collections I previewed . Definately worth the $ $ .
 I grew up when a night out could lead to a slow dance or two , this is the music that would do it . This album is a very complete mix of the big hits . Start here and maybe you will feel that feeling again . I gave this to my daughter , she 's picking tunes for her wedding and I 'm hoping to hear some Jerry Butler and The Impressions - `` For your Precious Love '' . That alone is worth the price of this CD .
 I gave this CD set as a gift . I can honestly say , one can never hear this music to much , because the person I gave this to listens to it just about every day . She cleans her house by it , she takes them on long drives . I asked to her to describe this set in one word . `` Fantastic '' . Even her son listens to it , and enjoys it . If I could give a higher rating than 5 stars this CD would have it . She says it is the best compilation she has ever heard .
 This CD set is wonderful . I enjoy listening to the music from my `` old days '' . The songs are by the original groups and they bring back fond memories .
 As a teen in the 50 's this is about all I needed to remember those days .
 This is the sine qua non of the genre . The best Doo Wop collection I have purchased . In fact I purchased two ! It gives a nice selection . It was too short . They should have come out with the next edition . The title says it all .
 Excellent CD 's - had almost all my favorites - with one exception - the group singing `` Little Darlin '' is LISTED as being The Diamonds , but the rendition on the CD is NOT theirs . Otherwise , I am very pleased with this purchase .
 I love Doo Wop and I listen to the CD all the time . It was a great purchase and I love the songs .
 All you can ask for in oldies music . The sound is great ! I just love every recording ! Buy it you wo n't regret it !
 This is a nice collection of songs . If you grew up in the 50 's and 60 's you will enjoy this collection . It 's sure to take you back in years when our music was great .
 Gift for Dad who has everything , wants nothing.Hoped he did n't have anything like this.Was just thrilled when he opened it - said he never saw a CD with so many songs all done by the original artists.So glad - could n't be happier !!
 Doo Wop was an era when music was music which now is clearly classics.You can not help but love this wonderful sound .
 This is a wonderful collection for those who remember the term `` golden oldies '' . There are plenty of memories -- whether real or perceived -- in this extensive set . The perfect musical gift for that 60 year-old uncle you never thought could have been cool once . If you liked the soundtrack for `` American Graffiti '' , this is right up your street .
 covers all the best doo wop ever made I could ' t have made it better myself
 I ordered this for my husband 's birthday . Now he plays it in his truck on the way to work . It 's a fabulous selection of all the great songs he grew up with ! Service was excellent . Many thanks - I 'll order again from Amazon !
 Bought this for my husband . It 's true - it 's the only doo-wop anyone could want . He plays it continuously . I would highly recommend it to any doo-wop fan .
 I am from El Paso , Texas where oldies are a big hit , & I must say , this CD is filled with good hits . I suggest you get this CD if you want a blast from the past .
 It rolled back the years , this is the music of my generation . I thoroughly enjoy it .
 Needed some tunes for a friend 's 50 's style wedding.I bought several cd 's to augment what I already had.This collection was the only one I played all of.I now keep it in my truck . I love it.Only Doo-Wop Collection You 'll Ever Need
 Very Pleased with the purchase of this DVD . I 'm getting allot of pleasure from this CD . It truly has the best collection of Doo-Wop , even my daughters 33 and 36 years old love it .
 These are great selections of classic doo-wop songs at a great price . Sound quality is very good - thoroughly enjoyable .
 The collection is great , although I do n't consider some of the songs to be actual Doo Wop . The sound quality is great -LRB- much better than the original records -RRB- . Being a teenager during the Doo Wop era , the collection could have contained more pure Doo Wop .
 This collection is one of the very best I have ever had . It is a great selection of songs and with excellent quality . I would highly reccomend it to every Doo-Wop Fan . I know I will have many hours of pure enjoyment in listening to it .
 I would recommend the Doo-Wop CD to anyone . I was watching PBS and they had a special on the Doo-Wop bands . That 's what prompted me to buy this CD . I play it over and over again .
 This is a fantastic overall collection of Doo-Wop groups/songs i have heard.This covers most of the variations of songs let alone the big hits of the day many years back
 This could be the best CD although it 's missing `` Book Of Love '' by The Monotones but on top of that , it 's a really good multi-disc album a few remakes and original recordings .
 This could be the best CD although it 's missing `` Book Of Love '' by The Monotones but on top of that , it 's a really good multi-disc album a few remakes and original recordings .
 A lot of country stars used to sing `` covers '' of songs originally performed by others , and the results were usually not as good . Here , Jerry Lee Lewis sings a lot of old `` standards '' which technically are `` covers '' but with his unique vocal style and piano playing , it winds up being a new creation well worthy of attention . I originally bought both LP records containing the music on this CD , and they are two of my most treasured records of Jerry Lee 's country period , which I think is his best genre . It is nice to have the CD so I can retire them from active playing . If you like the old standards , you will like the way Jerry Lee does them , I 'm sure . I think he has more musical talent than any other performer of his generation and could have been greater than Elvis had he not made a few PR mistakes or if Elvis had not been so sexy looking to the women . But then again , he would n't have been Jerry Lee Lewis , the Icon . If folks would have only judged him on his music !
 I Highly reccomend this CD . I like to hear Jerry Lee sing ballads and on this Cd he sings his best.He is in a catagory all by himself . Buy this one if you are a fan , you wo n't be sorry .
 The music is enjoyable but considering the total number of songs are on this cd it does not last very long .
 This CD contains a very good selection of Jerry Lee 's hits - I have really been enjoying listening to it both at home and in my car .
 This album is another classic featuring the brilliant country side of Jerry Lee . Most of the songs , if not all are covers but who cares . If Frank Sinatra did it `` His Way '' what can you say about Jerry Lee , he does them his way but ever so tasteful , I absolutely love it .
 This man has filled , and continues to fill the air with sounds that are admired and listened to by millions . His greatness is truly shown since his popularity covers many genres of music . For me , his greatest contribution has been in the country music area . When he does a number HE OWNS it . Both , his instrumental and vocal capabilities , are astounding . This group of songs are trademark varieties of the many tunes he has done . GO KILLER !!!!
 One of the best albums of the 80s ! Not synth-pop , not New Wave , but hints of each with excellent melodies and musicianship . Catchy tunes every one ! All those boring , sound-the-same bands , should be forced to listen to this CD until they come up with something original and enjoyable .
 Highly and richly melodic , hook laden , catchy synth riffs and drums and guitar is only a sample of ways to describe this 1983 release from China Crisis . Crisis never received much air play statewise on regular top 40 ; it reached more of a main staple or cult new wave group status for college stations or pre-alternative album stations . Make no mistake , vocals are very Euro sounding though lead singer sang in English . There are slight resemblances to early Depeche Mode , Heaven 17 , Oingo Boingo , Wang Chung yet China Crisis still had their own distinct sound or quality -LRB- more warmth than pizzaz -RRB- . More dance oriented material for the early club goers of the 80 's -LRB- but certainly no disco music -RRB- . Track like When the Piper Calls is reminiscent Depeche Mode while the song Hanna Hanna has a Wang Chung feel before Wang Chung made it big ! There are a few tracks such as Here Comes A Raincloud with it 's slow tempo and melancholy drum programmed-synth sound that can still convey a haunting-somber atmosphere with a violin sounding backdrop.Another treasure of a track is the smooth flowing Wishful Thinking with it 's mid-tempo feel , calming vocals and wailing background sax work and acoustic/electric guitar ! This is a must have for any music collecting afficionados with an eclectic taste and a streak of nostalgia in them ! ... After 20 years one of the very few and best pop albums that has aged well ...
 `` Winters here in a snow white haze , fires burning brightly in the night '' ooooooh the hair at the nape of my neck stands-the album is awesome and creates an ambience like no other . Original-and unlike today 's music the songs here are subtle with the power to move .
 First time I heard this album was one summer and I was at the rooftop back home in the tropics . Believe me some places get more exposed to music because we get Europe and America 's best . Anyway , a friend of mine brought over his boom box and started playing wishful thinking ... Ahhh ... . Good old days .
 One of my most listened-to records of all time . Every song is amazing ; often utilizing trumpets , flutes , and oboes -LRB- to beautiful emotional effects -RRB- . This record received no airplay -LRB- even in the 80 's -RRB- , I could n't find it on CD until now .
 This is China Crisis moving beyond the sparse synth-pop of `` Difficult Shapes & Passive Rythyms '' -LRB- which I also highly recommend -RRB- into a many-layered `` complexification '' of sounds and images . It resonated with me instantly when I first heard it in 1983 , and can still do so today . There are pioneering uses of synthesizers into pop music here that offer the listener an avenue into something * very * different than the top-40 stuff going on at the time.Interestingly , unlike another similar seminal work in the same period , `` New Gold Dream '' by Simple Minds , at times the album is tinged by the band 's politics -LRB- as they 're English , the message is subtle but clearly anti-Thatcher -RRB- . But any political message is subsumed by the use of melody that , like `` New Gold Dream '' , paints a beautiful picture and sends you somewhere else for a moment . In other words , the lyrics and music work hand in hand , not distracting from each other . It 's not as subdued as the Simple Minds album , but still works.The title track is actually the hardest hitting , musically and lyrically of the lot , and I can grow tired of it . But `` When the Piper Calls '' , `` Wishful Thinking '' and `` Soul Awakening '' are better examples of what the album is trying to do . For the most part , the album 's individual pieces work extremely well on their own , though perhaps a little less so together , hence me giving it only 4/5 stars . Better to be a little stingy!It 's too bad that this album was largely neglected in the U.S. when it was released . Perhaps that explains the difficulty in getting a non-import -LRB- i.e. cheaper -RRB- version as some of the other reviewers have noted . In Canada , it developed considerable success , though not quite to UK levels -LRB- where the band is from -RRB- . Thanks for reading .
 Some of the best British synth-pop from the 80s you 've never heard of . Try to find the vinyl EP of `` Fire and Steel '' . It has cuts that you 'll never hear elsewhere . One was made on a 4-track machine in a bedroom . Garry & Eddy are the dudes . They deserve much more notoriety than they have gotten .
 he 2nd China Crisis album gets my vote as their best simply because if you love oboe in a pop rock setting , this album is rife with pleasure ! Add some excellent fretless bass to the traditional China Crisis wimpy , melodic introspection and you 're left wanting more when this album ends . The title cut is sprightly electropop with synth bass and `` Hanna Hanna '' features strong brass mated with an extremely muscular fretless bassline . I also favor the wistful , almost ambient tunes like `` Here Come A Raincloud '' and `` Soul Awakening . '' One can also group their big hit `` Wishful Thinking '' with the last two , but it manages the neat trick of sounding passionately effete - again , with excellent oboe contributing to the arrangement . `` Gates of Door to Door '' counterpoints staccato rhythms with expressive Gary Barnacle flute ! More , please ! There are so many high points of playing and arrangement here I was let down when they worked with Walter Becker afterward . If you are familiar with that period of the band , this sounds less like Steely Dan , and Garry Daly is n't altering his phrasing to sound more like Donald Fagen , to better effect .
 During my early years of 80 's New Wave collecting I constantly stumbled -LRB- at that is the word -RRB- over China Crisis , usually attached to either the tracks `` Wishful Thinking '' or `` Black Man Ray '' . Both were fine tracks , but did not seem to represent the special attention the group received from many far more knowledgeable new wave collectors . It was an extended remix of `` With Fire And Steel '' that finally caught my ear and spent a good summer in constant rotation . Its minimalist rhythm backed by some incredibly distinct vocal delivery hooked me from the start . Slowly more songs seeped into my collection and playlists and each played upon the others strengths and weaknesses . When the smoke cleared , I was able to appreciate nearly all of the works China Crisis had produced , even `` Diary of a Hollow Horse '' . Like Talk Talk 's later works , their sound can be very subtle and works best when approached with some patience . `` Wishful Thinking '' , although it was their `` hit '' it 's rigid rhythms and pop-inspired lyrics do not do their other works justice . Even though it may be contested , I found it is possibly the weakest track on this disc . But , if you enjoy that style best , I would also recommend the single `` Arizona Sky '' over `` Wishful Thinking '' . Other albums to try : Difficult Shapes & Passive RhythmsFlaunt the Imperfection
 I bought this recording years ago in a local record store on a whim -LRB- my greatest musical treasures happened like that -RRB- . After so many listenings the cassette tape is so worn and frazzled that it 's sound quality is nil-I was beginning to think that I would never be able to hear this truly magnificent music again in all it 's splendor . But , lo , and behold , here it is ! Buy this CD , even if you 've never heard a note of it . This truly is a perfect record , one that easily could be among the top 100 best albums of all time . Do n't buy the `` greatest hits '' set - this is far better , a perfect set of songs to fall in love with .
 This Myto release -- now out of print -- presents a rare performance of Mercadante 's IL REGGENTE , based losely on the same subject as Verdi 's UN BALLO IN MASCHERA . The cast is headed by Maria Chiara , Giorgio Merighi , and the performance dates from 1970 . The sound is clear mono , and the performance is very solid and music very agreeable . Sadly , this issue is out of print and hard to find , but it repays a search ... to hear how Verdi 's competitors fared during the 1840s .
 Man I miss this band . A great album that highlights so many of their greatest songs . Takes me back and time and makes me smile .
 This is a compilation `` best of '' from The Alarm . The Alarm got fairly big back in the mid to late 80 's riding the wave of the Peters / Macdonald passionate songwriting team . I had a couple of their albums on vinyl and always liked their stuff . This is the only CD I own by them , but it is a fairly good retrospective of their career up to that time . The Alarm always kind of came across as a poor man 's U2 to me , but I actually like a lot of their stuff better than U2 . Like U2 I always get the feeling that they were trying to make a statement with their lyrics and music . The album starts out with two songs that were new at the time `` The Road '' and `` Unsafe Building '' . After that it is pretty much a greatest hits fest including early more acoustic oriented stuff and their later electric -LRB- and more commercial -RRB- fare . Songs include `` Where Were You Hiding '' , `` Rain In The Summertime '' , `` Sixty Eight Guns '' , `` Sold Me Down The River '' , and others . The album contains my all time favorite Alarm track `` Spirit Of 76 '' which I still think ranks up with some of the best stuff from the 80 's . The disc closes with a version of John Lennon 's `` Happy Christmas '' complete with full male choir for accomniment . There are also two CD bonus tracks `` Marching On '' and `` Blaze Of Glory '' which are both strong tracks . I never got to see these guys live unfortunately . There is a version of The Alarm out there today with Mike Peters at the helm , but I am not sure about the other members . Peter 's recently was diagnosed with cancer , but I believe the band is still together and touring when he is able .
 Undeserved also rans to U2 , The Alarm just never gathered the the commercial steam they reached for , especially with Eye of the Hurricane . Still , the band sound best when they stick to the harder , underproduced sound.Standards pretty much has it all , from the anthems `` Sixty Eight Guns '' , `` Strength '' , `` Spirit of ' 76 '' to the softer `` Rain in the Summertime '' . My favorite tracks are `` Where Were You Hiding When the Storm Broke ? '' and the glorious `` Marching On '' . The only omission that springs to mind offhand is `` Presence of Love '' . Good , solid , thumping tunes ; their earlier work still stands out , although their more maintstream stuff is n't bad either .
 I recently became a big Alarm fan , after seeing them on VH1 Bands Reunited . I do n't remember The Alarm from the 80s , but I unknowingly loved a lot of their songs . This is a band that has a lot of great music and after you listen to this CD , you will think `` oh yeah I 've heard that song before and loved it . '' Rescue Me , Rain in The Summertime and 68 Guns are my favourites .
 Some people might say that this compilation has not the same power than the old records -LRB- especially `` Declaration '' -RRB- but it is still very worthwhile to buy it . Especially people who are not familiar with `` The Alarm '' are well introduced to their great work by this compilation . It shows their wide range of songs from `` 68 Guns '' to `` A New South Wales '' .
 With out a dought , one of the BEST groups of my youth . I 'm now thirty years old and I cherish the memories of their music , their concerts in San Francisco . I 'm shocked to have read some of the comments made by `` fans '' . One of my best memories was getting the chance to meet them one night in SF . LOVE The Alarm !! Signed , Staci Dube ' of Silicon Valley , Calif. .
 I do n't know who the hell `` the critics '' are but the review above written by an aforementioned `` critic '' is hogwash . The Alarm is foot stomping good fun . The music is powerful , the lyrics are great . These guys are n't U2 nor do I think they wanted to be . These guys are as relevant to the music of their time as the Clash was to their 's . My advice to all of you
 KICK A *
 I 'm no expert on The Alarm , but I 've heard some songs CLEARLY influenced by The Clash and heard that Mike 's a Christian who often sings about his faith . Those were selling points to me , so I picked this up.All I can say is that every song on this `` best of '' released BEFORE 1989 is just AWESOME !!! Unfortunately every 89 and 90 song is just plain awful . These later songs make for a 1/3 of this material , which is a lot . So , it 's a testament to the insane awesomeness of the earlier songs that I gave the album a 4 star review rather than a 3 . If my theory is correct based on these tracks , it will be a safe bet for me to pick up some early Alarm albums . I 'll be doing that in the near future .
 THIS BAND ROCKS AND THIS CD SHOWS ALL OF THERE TALENTS .
 The Alarm were one of the better rock bands to come out of Britain in the '80s . Although they were on the cusp of stardom on many occassions , they toured with Bob Dylan and had a few minor chart hits , they never quite made it in America . They were often called a poor man 's U2 , and although Mike Peters ' voice was similar to Bono 's , early on they had a distinct sound with their anthemic background vocals and their heavy ringing guitar sound.The anthemic `` The Road '' and the somber `` Unsafe Building '' are the two obligatory new tracks which accompany most best-of packages . After these tracks , the album is largely chronological and shows how the band updated their sound throughout their career . The tracks `` The Stand '' , `` Sixty-Eight Guns '' , `` Where You Were Hiding . . '' and the closing tracks `` Marching On '' and `` Blaze Of Glory '' are all great anthems from their early days . `` Absolute Reality '' , `` Strength '' , and the epic `` Spirit of ' 76 '' showed the band sharpening their songwriting skills while staying true to their roots . `` Rain In The Summertime '' was obviously an attempt at the mainstream with its updated production and its smoother vocals and harmonies . `` Sold Me Down The River '' from 1989 's Change album combined their guitar rock with a synthesized beat . Despite the changes in their sound , most of the tracks here work well although the earlier material such as `` Spirit of ' 76 '' , `` Strength '' , and `` Sixty-Eight Guns '' are the strongest tracks here . They also do a great job with their version of `` Happy Xmas -LRB- War Is Over -RRB- . '' It 's also recommended over their other best-of album The Best of The Alarm & Mike Peters since this is a stronger collection and is more chronological . A great compilation of a band who until their televised reunion had been largely forgotten . Highly recommended .
 The Alarm was written off in the 80 's as U2 wannabes , which I feel is the reason that they never really took off in the U.S.But one listen to this Cd & you 'll see how wrong the naysayers were.While I 'm tempted to say that the majority of the material here is taken from Declaration & Strength , considering the limited library of work from which to choose , I feel that this Cd exemplifies this fine band.The disc starts out with the harmonica driven Road , into the -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- truncated version of 68 Guns , and the powerhouse Where Were You Hiding , until before you know it you 're at Strength & half way thru the Cd!The beautiful Rain in the Summertime -LRB- 1 of my favorite videos as you watch while the lead singers tall , spiky hair is matted to his face while singing in a rainstorm -RRB- follows , as does Sold Me Down the River -LRB- when considering they also sound like Simple Minds , makes one wonder if Jim Kerr was thinking about this song subconsciously when he wrote the similar She 's a River 5 years later -RRB- . The Cd ends with the bonus tracks Marching On & Blaze of Glory which literally explode!Where were you hiding when the Alarm was struggling in America ?
 Funny that people would compare the Alarm to U2 , when the former is Welsh and the latter is Irish.I got into this band with its spiky hair , harmonicas and revolutionary zeal and got swept away . `` Strength '' still has to be one of the Top 20 greatest , most passionate songs ever . `` Give me hope , give me strength , give me something to live for ... Who will light the fire that I need to survive , who will be the lifeblood coursing through my veins , wo n't someone open up the door and let me out of this place . I 've been caged up for so long , I do n't know if I 'm living or I 'm dying . `` Those words really drove a spike into my teen angst-filled heart in the '80s and continue to stir my emotions.Like the Alarm there were so many thoughtful bands with great lyrics . They were out to change the world . In some ways , they made me who I am today . Yahoo .
 I have suddenly gone all retro . Firstly in my reading and now my music . I had forgotten how good The Alarm were . The lead singer 's voice -LRB- Mike Peters -RRB- is so rousing and powerful that he gives a lift and inspiration on every song . Give me stength - yes indeed .
 There 's not much more praise I can heap on The Alarm than what other reviewers have . From the first time I heard these lads in the early 80s until today , I ca n't get enough . I still check music stores for imports I might have missed . Power , glory , a voice to make your body shake with delight , and darn good guitar work . What more could you want from a now defunct -LRB- I 'm still mourning -RRB- rock band ?
 Like many of the post-punk bands to spring up in the wake of The Clash and U2 , The Alarm pounded out revolutionary anthems that boiled over with angst and purposeful sounds . The sound , early on , was all acoustic , but the songs were roaring forces with big meaty choruses . They even refered to their works as recordings of `` electric folklore . '' `` 68 Guns '' and `` The Stand '' -LRB- inspired by the Stephen King book , no less -RRB- , were undeniably catchy songs , and the bands ' earnestness was infectious . Problem was , they were constantly walking in the shadow of U2 , and the comparisons were deserved . Like Bono and the boys , the best of the Alarm 's work sounded out calls to arms with a questioning conscience . The albums were frequently uneven affairs , with Mike Peters ' reach often exceeding his grasp . Even with that in mind , the members of The Alarm were great musicains . Drummer Twist , bassist and songwriter Eddie McDonald and guitarist Dave Sharp combined chops and energy to make The Alarm always come across as dramatic and passionate.It 's also why this collection punches harder that just about any Alarm album . With the exception of `` Strength '' and `` Eye Of The Hurricane , '' most full length Alarm 's efforts were madly uneven . But all these albums were worth holding on to for the extraordinary singles . `` Standards '' is a rather lofty album title , but a dozen of this CD 's tracks live up to the moniker . The Alarm was defiantly into big statements ; just listen to how many times words like hope , faith , strength and spirit pop up in the lyrics , and also note how many of these songs are about the confrontation of authority and agonizing over the potential conforming of their young lives.The Alarm was also a killer live band . I saw them play a NYC gig on the `` Change '' tour , and they had a crowd lustily singing every song and pumping their fists in the air with abandon . Neil Young joined them onstage for an encore of `` Rocking In The Free World '' and everyone left that club soaked in feverish sweat . They were that convincing . `` Standards , '' when blasting at full volume , will remind you about just how moving anthemic rock can be , and just how easily a great song can sweep you off to another plateau.Recommended to fans of Big Country , Simple Minds , The Call and -LRB- naturally -RRB- U2 .
 STANDARDS is a great compilation by the Alarm which contains an important message against selling out in its lyrics , even as the band later moved musically towards the mainstream . Songs such as `` The Stand '' , `` Sixty-Eight Guns '' , `` Where Were You Hiding When The Storm Broke '' , `` Absolute Reality '' , `` Strength '' , and the final two , `` Marching On '' and `` Blaze Of Glory '' , are great examples of material from the band 's early years , whereas `` Spirit Of ' 76 '' , `` Rain In The Summertime '' , `` Rescue Me '' , `` Sold Me Down The River '' , and `` Devolution Working Man Blues '' , as well as the two new songs -LRB- `` The Road '' , `` Unsafe Building '' -RRB- show the band turning into what the Outlaws might have sounded like as a UK new-wave band . The lyrics maintain a defiant spirit , albeit one calling out for supplication , throughout this anthology , which is better than the newer BEST OF THE ALARM , which contains too many single versions , so get this one while you can .
 The Alarm wrote some socially potent songs in their time and they still resonate now . One of the forgotten bands from a period that is better off forgotten they are one of the diamonds in the rough . I have had the opportunity to meet Dave Sharp who is still playing his hard traveling music . I reccomend you check him out if you are ever in New Orleans . Just swing by the Kerry Irish Pub .
 The Alarm never got the acclaim they deserved because of the rotten critics . Who is this guy anyway ? the Alarm was a powerful band with insightful & deep lyrics . This `` hits '' collecion is a nice sample of the depth of the Alarm 's music , but there is so much more out there .
 This CD is a great compilation . It 's got a lot of familiar Foreigner hits , but what really sets it apart are the tracks from Lou Gramm and some lesser known Foreigner material . The sound is exceptional as well . I do n't know if there was any remastering done or not , but it sure sounds like it . A lot of these songs have never sounded better . It is pricey though .
 Made in AUS in 1999 , Serial # 7567-80949-2 , Playing Time 73:22 This compilation features songs up to their `` The Very Best ... And Beyond '' album -LRB- track 12 -RRB- . Foreigner sold millions of albums ... If you listened to rock radio in the 80 's you know -LRB- probably by heart -RRB- half of the songs on this CD.I am somewhat puzzled by the track selection
 Danish band Rhonda Harris release their second album , `` The Trouble With Rhonda Harris , '' an ethereal little pop album with a mellow , sweet sound . This time around , frontman Nikolaj Nrlund adds a more polished sensibility to his music , as well as the sweet vocals of Lise Westzynthius . As little known as they are in the US , this album is definitely worth hunting down.The opening track , `` Young Girl and a Cowboy , '' sets the tone for the rest of the album -- sweet , vaguely symphonic and sort of wistful . That sound carries over to the sparkling , trip-hoppy `` Kaempechok , '' plaintive `` I Heard You Never Told Her , '' and mellow little `` Avalanche . `` But the tone changes slightly just after the start , with the slow acoustic `` Big Star . '' The uneven `` Fell Out of Love '' is one of the few missteps -- the jerky delivery of the song , and the random-sounding acoustics , just sound weird . But they get back on track with the eerie organ opener of `` Flatlined , '' continuing with the wispy ballads like `` Ingensomhelst , '' and the almost childlike piano-led `` Ingensomhelst . `` Good indie-pop is hard to come by -- stuff in the vein of the Sundays or Mazzy Star . But Rhonda Harris -LRB- who , in this case , is not a person but just the band name -RRB- gives their own stamp to their music . It sounds , if anything , more ethereal and less grounded than those bands were.One of the most striking instruments in `` Trouble With Rhonda Harris '' is the piano . It wends through `` Young Girl and the Cowboy , '' `` Holiday , '' the hymnlike `` St. John , '' and several others . More typical rock-pop instruments like guitar come into play with `` Fell Out of Love , '' which is led by one hypnotically repeating riff . There are also other flourishes like a tambourine , not to mention a mellow , spacey keyboard that appears in almost every song.The vocals are a little unusual -- there are two vocalists , both of them good , and sometimes both of them performing in the same song . Nrlund does the male vocals , and he actually has a very good voice , not to mention one that 's smooth and quiet . Lise Westzynthius has an even better voice -- sweet , clear and reminiscent of the Sundays ' Harriet Wheeler . Sadly , in some songs she only sings backup.Fans of the Sundays will enjoy the indie-pop sweetness of `` Trouble With Rhonda Harris . '' Though they are n't that well known , Rhonda Harris certainly deserves to be .
 The Danish singer/songwriter Nikolaj Nrlund is the mastermind of this bandprojekt . After a couple of records with Danish Lyrics that pushed Nrlund right up in the Danish musical Premier League , `` The Trouble With Rhonda Harris '' is an English-lyric based comeback . The Record is not Lo-fi as some of Nrlunds earlier records , but it still has a sneaking intimacy , and is moving toward airy indie-pop . The experiment is the motive power of the record . Essential to the musical expression is the arrival of the singer Lise Westzynthius and her dreamy vocal that really adds some extra sprinkle of stardust to the material . As a minor curiosity Rhonda Harris is constantly playing with linguistic formulas . Some Danish Phrases has sneaked into the lyrics as well.The album really has an international sound , and the music reaches beautiful highs . Therefore I can only recommend to listen to the Troubles of Rhonda Harris ...
 This is a very heterogeneous album and nothing like `` Nye Optagelser '' which was Nrlund 's best so far . The album changes mode all the time and the lyrics is in both English and Danish - even within the same song . But for some reason it works and I think it can take a few more spinns than `` Nye Optagelser '' ...
 Ok . enough sitting around seeing them come and go . I believe Macy is going to be here for a long , long time . One dynamic mixture . . is it Aretha ? Tina turner ? Listen closely and you may even hear Eartha Kitts purr . Macy is all of them and then some . ' I Try ' is simply simple , yet anyone who has ever been love can feel this tune . I 'm a new fan for life .
 If you are looking for a definitive CD with the majority of the tracks in true living stereo , this is the one . Of all of the collections , this is his best effort . Not only do you get the best from Smokey & the Miracles , but you also get Smokey as an individual . This is one of the only CDs that has THE Best Stereo version of I Do n't Blame You At All . There is no filler here . Pure great Soul music from the 60 's . The only two hits missing are Do It and Love Machine by just the Miracles . Otherwise , for the first time listener or for the veteran fan , this is the CD to purchase . Great sound , production , stereo , and that magic voice of Smokey . This is a winner . Pure Gold !
 These days , there are just so many classic acts of the Motown era that 've been all but forgotten , in favor of soul wannabe acts like Ciara , Ashanti , and Ruben Studdard from American Idol that just do n't have the appeal of the classic days of soul that were just astonishing . That happened long ago , especially with Smokey Robinson . Even though he has n't scored a hit record in years , the soulfulness he has made for so many eras of lovers has not lost its edge . The songs still are just delightful to listen to . Now , another hits record has surfaced that shines so bright on one of the most classic singers of all time.The 2006 Smokey Robinson & The Miracles Gold , is a nearly definitive , and well-conjured hits record that showcases Smokey , and 40 of his biggest hits on his own , and with his defiant era as a part of The Miracles . The Motown classics here have all be restored very well , and bring out the best songs in a longtime . The album includes great classics like Tears Of A Clown , the somber Tracks Of My Tears , Ooh Baby Baby , Shop Around , and many other classics . The collection also delivers brightly with Smokey on his solo efforts , a little better than last year 's My World
 a timeless colllection . when i talk about songs this is what i mean.these songs sound as great now as they did back in the day . the Genius and depth of Smokey Robinson is so important . a very talented group and timeless material .
 SMOKEY ROBINSON & THE MIRACLES-GOLD
 Thanks so much i love listening to this item in my car and at home . I look forward to ordering from you in the future .
 THIS IS THE BEST OF SMOKEY IF YOU ARE AN EARLY MIRACLES FAN . DYANNA 209
 This collection has it all . I must admit I was not familiar with about 33 % of the songs but I am now a bigger fan of Smokey & the Miracles .
 Wow ... what can I say ! The service was outstanding and so is the music . Thanks !
 I have found this C.D extremely helpful in falling asleep , I awake with a much more positive feeling and refreshed .
 I love this CD . Wonderful peaceful music and a serene guiding voice . Sleep easy is saving my sanity and giving me a constant restful sleep . Thanks Mary and Richard !
 I have been using this guided meditation to help me sleep following major surgery . It 's been helpful in taking my mind off of my pain so I could fall asleep .
 Very unique and well-designed process to enable one to sleep more deeply . I am amazed how well this works .
 I bought this cd because of the reviews . I was not dissapointed . I am pretty new to meditation , so this cd definately helped . I have 3 boys under 5 years old and my life is really stressful . So I look foward to relaxing and meditating at night before bed . I actually sleep deeper with this cd . It 's great !!
 I was looking for a way to improve my long term insomnia and I tried Sleep Easy . The results have exceeded my expectations . Better sleep in both quantity and quality . This works so well though I am not sure why .
 Very nice CD for sleeping better . My wife and I are both insomniacs and this has helped us both to fall asleep sooner and stay asleep . My only complaint is that the music track was not long enough .
 I find this puts me to a calm , restful sleep . I am asleep before the end every time.I usually have so much trouble getting to sleep and staying asleep that I 've had to takePM tablets . Well , when I do , I 'm groggy the next morning.This is so much better and helps me let go of the day 's worries , etc. . The voice is calm andfriendly . I am totally happy with this and grateful , too .
 I 've been using this for a couple of weeks and have noticed an improvement in my sleep pattern . I did n't really think that it would work , but it did . I 'm impressed .
 I have used this CD now for about three months . It is not only very pleasant to listen to , it is also very intelligent . Mary suggests that you not ` try ' to sleep , but just relax and pay attention to your body and thoughts . As you do this , you slowly relax more and more until you effortlessly slip into sleep.Now , when I lay down to sleep , I automatically start to scan my body , readjust my position until I feel comfortable , and observe my thoughts . As I do this , I often fall asleep without the CD.Highly recommended .
 I have been using the Sleep Easy CD for several weeks now . It is very easy to listen to . Mary 's voice is quiet and reassuring , and the music with it is also very helpful . At first I did n't think it would help me to sleep , but many times I drop off to sleep before the meditation and music are complete . I highly recommend this CD for anyone who has challenges with going to sleep .
 This CD is a different approach to sleep , but one that I found very effective . This goes beyond just a relaxing meditation to a deeper process that allows you to change your unconscious patterns that get in the way of sleep . At first , I did n't notice much , but after listening a few more times , my sleep was deeper and more refreshing . Good alternative if other approaches are not working .
 I am encouraged by how quickly I drifted off to sleep , faster than I usually can . The music is wonderful and soothing , and the voice is gentle and reassuring . I also notice a definite change in the quality of my sleep . It seems deeper and less easily disturbed . On days after using the CD the night before I feel more relaxed and refreshed .
 At first I did n't like the CD because the woman 's voice seemed a little to hippy-trippy , laid back to the point that was distracting . BUT I love it now , because her voice has a relaxed soothing quality . It 's also very helpful to me that the whole point of the CD is being `` easy , '' relaxing . I do n't have to concentrate on golden light or relaxing my toes or anything . As the name suggest it 's just eeeasy .
 I was surprised how effective this CD was in helping me get a good sleep , better sleep than I 've had for a while . At first I was n't sure if I liked the approach , but the more I listened , the more sense it made . Mary really gets to some deeper issues around the whole insomnia thing , for which I 'm grateful .
 My husband & I were both undergoing a lot of stress that made it very difficult to fall asleep . We did n't want to take medications . I was skeptical of a CD being able to put us to sleep but I was desperate so I ordered this one . From the sample I heard on Amazon , Mary 's voice sounded very soothing and the music was soft and soothing as well - not the case with some of the other CDs I sampled . The first night we tried it , we both fell asleep before the music ended . I do n't even know if I was paying attention to what Mary actually said because it was her voice , not the words that was so relaxing . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is having difficulty falling asleep , or even if you 're just stressed out and need to relax . I think I will probably try some of their other CDs .
 This CD has helped me sleep better and longer without waking up several times during the night . The voice is comforting and soothing and the suggestions are very supportive .
 Sleep Easy helps me get to sleep whenever I am under extra stress . I have been able to stop relying on sleeping pills which never really worked that well .
 Greg Hunter is a dub master . From his early remix and production work with the Orb , to his Subsurfing LP on the Apollo label , to this excellent disc , Hunter 's navigational skills at the mixing board are unrivaled . Recorded in Cairo , this album features the talents of Egyptian classical musicians , recording live in the studio through Hunter 's heady treatments . If you like Banco de Gaia or early Orb , keep an eye out for Greg Hunter 's name and you wo n't be disappointed .
 I really enjoyed this cd and hope that it will be sequelled ! The levels of subtlety take a few replays to hear but the impact is tremendous .
 LUCA MAINI 's igloomag.com REVIEW : : -LRB- 03.15.06 -RRB- Long awaited return of The Bug on Rephlex , after the successful Pressure and after the announcement of the release of Killing Sound over a year ago . This is a solid release indeed , and there 's only one thing I ca n't understand
 After the doom jazz of God and the battered electronic of Ice , Kevin Martin has found his muse . Rough , dirty , aggressive dance hall . The music is dark , gritty , and coldly personal , borrowing structural elements from the world of sound-system contests , but rooted firmly in the aggro tendencies of punk and doom-metal . With an alchemists hand he blends them together , and gathers right-on takes from his vocalist guns-for-hire . Highly recommended .
 More rough dancehall from The Bug , this time under the name of his collective Razor X Productions . `` Killer , '' the best track off his album PRESSURE , reappears here in several forms , particularly its rough , menacing original -LRB- Warrior Queen provides a cleaner version with `` Killer Queen , '' approaching the same material with vastly different results -RRB- . Mostly , though , the distortion comes hard and vicious , the harshness drilling in loud and clear . On `` Slew Dem , '' it becomes difficult to determine what 's a vocal growl and what 's been proceeded to its last legs . `` Child Molester '' slows things down to a relative crawl , though the lyrics keep things unsettling , to say the least . The MCs hardly go lower than a shout , and sometimes , like on `` Boom Boom Claat , '' they go for a full-throated yell . The vocals almost disappear under the noise of `` I Do n't Know '' or the rhythmic frenzy of `` War Start . '' For those who prefer no vocals , this album also provides a second disc of instrumentals . `` Killer '' loses some of its menace , but `` Child '' becomes like a death march and `` Boom '' is all echoing sirens . `` Problem '' is like a merry-go-round , while `` Yard '' suddenly becomes a call to jungle chaos . Excellent stuff , but I still prefer PRESSURE .
 An amazing potpourri of style and substance , Haunted Mind grabs you by the brainstem and bangs your frontal lobes around like a wake-up call from your soul . It has become one of my favorite CDs and I can hardly wait for more from this artist .
 Compared to a lot of pop rock this album is a welcomed change . Tipper always keeps you guessing and listening to it is almost like watching a film or reading a good book . It seems to have chapters that all lead up to the end . Lyrics are on par with Cohen and Simon at times -LRB- some of my favorites -RRB- and I wish the lyrics were included in the CD . -LRB- you have to go to the website to read them -RRB- . Its funny that Amazon sells this for ten bucks and Madonna gets twenty for half the thought .
 I 'd never heard of James Tipper until I heard about this CD on a newsgroup . I rarely buy CD 's based on one song but I did this time and was very suprised . It has lots of different styles and moods so you do n't get tired of one vibe like you do with alot of CD 's . There 's something for everyone . I like the techno sounding stuff like Bioluminescence and Evolve and the title track and my wife likes the ballads that are done mostly with piano . Lyrics are great and there are clever production touches . Overall , money well spent .
 A friend sent me this album and I fell instantly in love with it ! The songs are varied , each with its own feel . The dark yet uplifting lyrics make `` Haunted Mind '' a one-of-a-kind album which appeals to everyone at any time . Enjoy !
 This review is from
 Edward Carroll and Jeff Curnow both sound great on this recording . They are both in great shape and their trumpet playing is both brilliant and vibranct . This disc is ceremonial music for trumpet at it 's best , played by fantastic musicians , highly recommended !
 I had the cassette version of this for years , but it was wearing out due to my over-enjoyment of its music , so I sought a CD replacement and I 'm very happy with this one ! Used but the sound quality is superb . I LOVE the music on this CD !
 This album is awsome . Im very gald i bought it . I recommend this cd to the whole world .
 I love this CD . The things that this guy can do with an acoustic guitar -LRB- or any guitar for that matter -RRB- are amazing . He is a truly talented musician and has covered a lot of ground in his career.If you are only familiar with him from his Racer X or Mr. Big days , his solo stuff is a little different but in a good way . He is a serious musician , but not a serious person -LRB- go check out his website , it 's hilarious -RRB- . Almost all of his solo songs are light-hearted or fun in some way . Bob Dylan he is not , but he is a great songwriter in his own style . You can just tell that he is having the time of his life while playing them.The best description I could give would be melodic pop guitar hard rock .
 Good stuff ! Nice to hear Paul Gilbert and Linus of Hollywood doingit live at the Hard Rock Japan ! Nice to hear guitar work like Pauls , always a pleasure ! Awesome vocals , Thanks Paul ! I am verypleased with this CD . A good value too ! As my friends can verify , I am a cheap SOB , so I tell you `` Great stuff for the bucks ! '' Thanks!Big Jim Humboldt County , CA !
 I happened to stumble across this cd without realizing it was by a monster guitar player , and from the little I 've heard of his other material , this is a nice different kind of style for him . All his songs are great , even with a cover of ABBA 's `` Dancing Queen , '' which came out nicely . There 's beautiful playing from both people , the second person being Linus of Hollywood , as far as I know -LRB- I do n't really know who he is -RRB- . Nevertheless , the songs are all wonderful ; I particularly like `` I Like Rock '' which is a pretty catchy song , as most of the songs are . This is a cd you should get , but since its an import and therefore is quite pricey , you may want to preview it first . If it comes out in the U.S. you should pick it up .
 I 'm a huge fan of Paul Gilbert . I do n't know why I waited so long to get this CD . It 's a great collection of some of Paul 's -LRB- And Racer X -RRB- hits all done unplugged and in an intimate setting . What more could you ask for ? I 'm especially digging the acoustic versions of `` Three times Rana '' and `` Suicide Lover `` Paul , you 're the master .
 Two things always impress me about Paul Gilbert
 This is the most innovative and expressive collection of original music I 've heard in many years ! You guys rock ! I would recommend to anyone who 's a fan of folk , celtic , or rock music -LRB- that should cover most of you -RRB- ... - D
 Great new sound . I look forward to additional CD 's from this group
 Have you ever been peeing and you get that weird chill that goes up your spine ? That 's how it was listening to this album , but in a good way . A wide range of musical influences is apparent on this album , ranging from folk , rock , latin , to improvisational . There is even an awesome ragtime track called , `` Dill Pickle Rag . '' But despite this wide range of styles , the things that remain constant are the great original melodies and the solid musicianship . Catch this St. Louis-based band if you can !
 This is a really great album with outstanding original tracks . Pretty impressive , especially the range of instruments and artistic style .
 This album contains lots of new compositions that are great sounding . I love the use of acoustic instruments and unique vocals . It 's great to here good easy listening original tracks . I hope this group keeps producing . What 's the pickle all about ?
 I 've heard these guys play once -- very nice . I remember during the performance that they did a song , and someone turned to me and said , `` Sounds like constipated walruses . '' What more can you want ? If you like a varied listening experience -- get with the Pickle .
 Owning all the previous albums from Daft Punk , I must say that this Musique compilation is a must have for any fans , and has all the wonderful elements that makes Daft so appealing . Awesome beats that just want to make you get up and dance .
 If you 're looking for a comprehensive greatest hits collection from daft punk then this is it ! Yeah greatest hits can be all about cashing in but for casual daft punk fans this is ideal ! You get all their `` best '' songs in one shot plus some little additional remixes . It is true that perhaps the track the music sounds better with you should 've been added but hey ! no greatest hits is perfect .
 This Cd of Daft Punk is unbelievable . If you wan na hear rythmic sounds without profanity , threats or abuse of women , excellent tunes , great dance or work out music .
 Step 1
 But if you do n't , this wo n't convert you . Once you get past the couple of `` club '' hits , the rest of the album is just more of the same . Daft Punk fans already know this , and like it , but newer fans will be wondering what 's going on .
 Some may ask why , but I say bring on a collection like this . Why not ? This is primo music . Is it techno or electronica , who cares , just dance and enjoy . My biggest complaints are , why six tracks from `` Homework '' , and only three from `` Discovery '' ? Also , some of these songs like `` Rollin ' & Scratchin ' '' and `` Robot Rock '' are SO repetitive -LRB- I know that 's the point -RRB- , they get old by the three minute mark . Yet , other tracks like `` Around The World '' and `` One More Time '' are perfection , hence the classics they are . One other disappointment ... where the hell is `` Digital Love '' ? That song should be here before many of these . Still , these are all good at the least , and it 's a good sampling of their three albums . Toss on a few remixes to choice tracks like `` Da Funk '' and `` Human After All '' , and you 've got a collection even a robot could love . There 's also a deluxe edition of this with videos , but hey , that 's what Youtube is for .
 All the hits , classics and memories come back after listening to this CD . Go buy it . Even if you 're not a fan , you 'll still love it .
 Classic tracks from Daft Punk ! At first I was n't sure if it was worth buying , I only recognized the titles of a couple of tracks , but now I listen to it constantly . Great stuff
 Releasing a greatest hits compilation after only three studio albums seems like an overly eager move to make , and a somewhat unnecessary one especially when two of those albums are solid master pieces by themselves . Musique does one thing right by cherry picking the best three off of Human After All which renders a purchase of that album nearly pointless except for the sake of completing your Daft Punk collection.But how can you fit the awesomeness that graced so many of the tracks on both Homework and Discovery ? Its impossible , and thats where Musique inevitably falls short . I 'm sure that few fans who already own all three of Daft Punk 's first full length releases would n't go for Musique if it were n't for the inclusion of three remixes that the duo has made , plus the non-album title track , `` Musique '' . All four of these are excellent and recall the style of Homework in sound and production .
 I had never downloaded music using Amazon.com before , but I noticed it was cheaper than a lot of the `` other places '' you can download music from . All the songs came through fine and in CD quality.GREAT album by an admirable artist ! I would also recommend Daft Punk 's `` Alive 2007 '' album . It is even better than this one !
 I like this album sooooo much . if you like electronica , have a lot of energy , like to dance and work out and play sports than you will lu-huv this album ! just gets you in that mind set and makes you feel like anything is possible .
 I do n't normally like techno , but Daft Punk is so good . This album has a great variety . Fun for road trips and dancing .
 If you were in high school in the late 90s , you danced to `` Around the World '' and probably new someone who owned `` Homework . '' Their next few CDs were n't nearly as popular , but the group kept moving in new directions.Here on Musique , you get a taste of where Daft Punk has been ... plus some remixes that I feel did n't really add to the experience.My only critique is that this retrospective could have included some earlier work - the title says `` 1993-2005 '' but DP only released 3 full albums in that time . They also include a DVD featuring a few of Daft Punk 's great music videos . Their videos were instrumental -LRB- haha -RRB- to the Daft Punk experience , and compliment their persona perfectly.Part of Daft Punk 's appeal stemmed from their amazing music videos . The included DVD gives you a taste of their incredible visual style . My only complaint is that its too short ! But you can find more of their work elsewhere . For further video experiences check outD.A.F.T. , Daft Punk - Interstella 5555andDirector 's Label Series Boxed Set - The Works of Spike Jonze , Chris Cunningham , and Michel Gondry .
 Perfect Transaction . I was a little disappointed because I thought the CD had `` Digital Love '' on it . However , this was not the case . I guess there must be two versions of this CD that Amazon did n't advertise . Anyways , it is not the seller 's fault , they did everything correctly and I look forward from buying from this seller again .
 This Cd is just a collect of some of the most popular Daft Punk songs , if you already have Homework , Discovery , and Human After All then you have all the songs on this Cd . But I did n't buy this for the Cd , it also came with a special DVD which contains the music videos for Human after all so and those were great . So if you want to try to get a friend into Daft Punk pick this up as a Sampler or if you want to complete your Daft Punk collection get I really love this
 To the uninitaited , Daft Punk 's around for more than a decade or so though it 's really in 1997 when they exploded with Homework that the dance/electronic world sat up and took notice . With their unique brand of French electronic flavor , the duo were able to dazzle their audience.Mixing hard rock beats with pulsating electronic basslines and vocordered/robotic vocals , Daft Punk brings to us a whole new experience on the dancefloor which includes Alive , Da Funk , All Around The World and Musique . In 2001 , following the success of Homework , the duo finetuned their sound and brought some retro-funk on Discovery to their electronic stable . First single , One More Time , with its catchy chorus and retro-disco sounds immediately caught attentionand sold wonderfully . Tying up with Japanese anime Interstellar 5555 , singles such as Digital Love and Aerodynamic benefitted with stunning visuals accompanied , further consolidating their position in the dance/electronic arean.Last year 's Human After All was much of a disappointment , having being completed in 6 weeks and sounding a lot like a miscast record of leftovers except that Make Love and Emotion still remain two of the best songs they have written which are seriously overlooked.Musique Vol . 1 serves as a pitstop of Daft Punk 's repertoire of music , giving casual fans an opportunity to try the band out . However , as essential with any money-making scheme , Virgin opted to leave the excellent Digital Love and Aerodynamic from Discovery off this collection . Still , you 'll get the full version of Musique which as previously a B-side and long unavailable .
 To the uninitaited , Daft Punk 's around for more than a decade or so though it 's really in 1997 when they exploded with Homework that the dance/electronic world sat up and took notice . With their unique brand of French electronic flavor , the duo were able to dazzle their audiences.Mixing hard rock beats with pulsating electronic basslines and vocordered vocals , Daft Punk brings a whole new experience which includes Alive , Da Funk , All Around The World and Musique . In 2001 , following the success of Homework , the duo finetuned their sound and brought in some retro-funk on Discovery to their electronic stable . First single , One More Time , with its catchy chorus and retro-disco sounds immediately caught attention . Tie-up with Japanese anime Interstellar 5555 , singles such as Digital Love and Aerodynamic further secured their place in the dance/electronic world with stunning visuals accompanied.Last year 's Human After All was a disappointment , having being completed in 6 weeks and sounding a lot like a miscast record of leftovers except Make Love and Emotion were two of the best songs they have written.Musique Vol . 1 is like a pitstop of Daft Punk 's wide repertoire , giving casual fans an opportunity to try the band out . However , as essential with any money-making scheme , Virgin opted to leave the excellent Digital Love and Aerodynamic from Discovery off.Then what 's left for diehard fans on this special limited edition are the videos . 12 videos of which one is a remix also leaves out the above said two singles . Still , it 's a visual treat and a collection to hold . -LRB- B + -RRB-
 To me , Daft Punk represents the best in electronic/house music . For novices this is a great way to get into a band that I feel is often overlooked . Perhaps because electronic music nowadays is n't really being listened to that much . Back in the mid to late 90 's electronic music acts such as Daft Punk , Prodigy , Chemical Brothers and Basement Jaxx were flying high because the music was in style , today it 's sort of an acquired taste . Given most of these bands material of late is n't up to par , including Daft Punk themselves . Before ` Human After All ' came out I honestly did n't think these guys were capable of making a less than stellar album . I was proven wrong.For all the backlash ` Human After All ' gets it 's not by any means terrible , but just simply not as good as Homework and Discovery . However , the sound of a dwindling fanbase must 've been deafening to the record label . So the time was right to release this ` best of ' compilation in order to reel in new fans since the `` old '' ones probably have gone off to greener pastures -LRB- i.e. LCD Soundsystem -RRB- . We get introduced to a lost classic from the earliest stage of the band , Musique , a b-side to the first single ` Da Funk ' and a pleasant surprise to those who have n't heard it . The next batch of songs are very familiar to fans and somewhat to fairweather fans , now my only gripe is something I noticed others have had a similar complaint about , and that is `` why is n't Digital Love and Aerodynamic included ? '' . Now those two tracks were singles and to me the fact that those are not there takes away one star from this rating . Since you want to give novices a chance to get the `` best of '' of a band , you must put in the `` best tracks '' , makes sense right ? I would 've taken out Human After All and Something About Us , basically because the quality of the previous tracks outweigh these . A nice addition is the inclusion of three remixes from the Daft Club release , good choices too . Overall , you have pretty much the meat and potatoes of an excellent group that deserves better recognition and this proves why .
 This is a basic mix of Daft Punk . Over the years ... if you 've heard it , but never owned one , this is a great starter CD into a new world . I recommend watching `` Interstella 5555 '' this will explain everything . Its on youtube . then buy them all as you fall in LOVE . . other then that - there 's a lot of the same songs here as on all the other cds combined .
 With only three main studio albums , the French house duo Daft Punk releases a compilation album to remind us of their greatest strength -- massive singles . And indeed , the hits are here . `` Da Funk , '' `` Around the World , '' `` Technologic , '' and the irresistible `` One More Time '' are all included , and they pack just as much punch as they did several years ago . Other classics in the Daft Punk community like `` Harder , Better , Faster , Stronger , '' and `` Robot Rock '' may never have gotten quite the level of widespread attention of the former but are equally as good -LRB- as Kanye West and Chris Brown came to realize -RRB- . Heavy emphasis is placed on debut album Homework with six song selections , whereas the other two albums -- and the remix section at the end of the album -- receive only three spots each . But Homework was probably their most beloved and memorable album , even if Discovery had the pop hits -LRB- two of which , `` Aerodynamic '' and `` Digital Love , '' are oddly missing -RRB- and Human After All had its moments . The remixes at the end , particularly `` Mothership Reconnection , '' are fairly good , though they may be forgettable to the casual listener.Word for the wise
 If you 're like me , you 've already got everyone of these tracks and remixs on Daft Punk 's various albums , DVD 's & singles . So you ask yourself `` Why should I buy this album when I 've already got all these tracks ? '' Well , with this collection you get the best of DP 's tracks all on one disc . Whether you 've been a fan like me over the years , or if you 've just discovered them this collection definately does the Punk 's right . This CD/DVD will make a worthy entry in anyones collection . Even if you do n't think you know Daft Punk , I can almost garuntee that you do . With tracks like `` Around The World '' , `` Da Funk '' , `` One More Time '' & the now just as classic `` Human After All '' it 's a safe bet you 've heard them at least once in your life time before .
 Any Daft Punk fan knows that a `` best of '' collection is a pointless buy , since all their albums are fantastic from start to finish . However , this collection comes with a DVD of all their music videos . It 's worth it for that , since all of them are top notch . Buy it for the videos , if you 're just getting into Daft Punk I 'd suggest buying their albums , and avoiding Daft Club and the Human After All Remixes at all cost .
 Daft Punk is one of those groups that is able to combine techno and electronic music into the simplest forms of music that tops even some of the hardest dance tunes -LRB- examples of SIMPLE
 I am the worlds biggest Daft Punk Fan . Having all thier previous work , even the ` hard to find ' stuff , this CD was of no use to me other than for nostalgic purposes ... that is until I learned of this edition , which includes a special DVD with all of thier music videos to date . Right there I knew I had to own this gem . Worth the buy for the unique videos , especially Around The World.I do have to point out that the quality of the video could have been better , as I have seen Daft Punk music videos on DVD -LRB- like the collection of video from Micheal Gondry -RRB- that were higher quality , so I know it isnt the video itself , but none the less its only something a videophile would really notice .
 These songs are fun to listen to , and they are very energetic . Some of the songs are familiar , and some of them I had n't heard before .
 A great Daft Punk album with a good variety of their music . This compilation is proof of how truly awesome Daft Punk can be !
 This is a compilation CD from Sonotec GMBH , possibly German or Italian . A nice 14-track disc , not comprehensive , but one which includes some rare tracks along side the ones found on every greatest hits disc -LRB- and there are many -RRB- . Track listing : If I Got ta LeaveAngel in the MorningJust a Little Too MuchBanks of the OhioIf Not For YouCome On OverHelp Me Make it Through the NightLullabyWhare Are You Going To , My LoveMe and Bobby McGeeLe Me Be ThereTake Me Home Country RoadsIf You Could Read My MindIn A Station
 It 's about time that this DVD gets a review ! We LOVED it !!! The characters are computer-animated and really adorable ... they are mixed in with real-life animals . My two-year-old ca n't get enough of it and loves it as much as Mickey and Einstein 's :-RRB- The price is right , too !
 This is the fourth title in the Wild Animal Baby series that I 've purchased for this library . Little ones can learn about nature -LRB- National Wildlife Federation produces these -RRB- and have fun at the same time !
 I bought this DVD and the 3 others in the same series about 3 years ago when my kids were younger . They loved them right away and they still watch and love them now -LRB- they 're 4 and 5 now -RRB- . So I bought a second set for one of my friends who just had a baby . Each DVD features 3 little stories , 15 minutes each so you can decide to let them watch as little as 15 minutes or as much as 45 minutes , according to their age or attention span . The DVDs mix real footage of animals and nature settings with animation , and it 's very well made . It finds the right balance between entertainment and education , and it 's totally age-appropriate ; you do n't have to stand guard with the remote in hand ready to fast-forward through some -LRB- even if very slightly -RRB- scary or inappropriate part that I still find regularly in many of the classic kid 's DVDs .
 Our boys , ages 3 and 4 love this video ! They enjoy the characters and the real animals . It 's both entertaining and educational .
 Wild Animal Baby is the DVD sensation that has children laughing and smiling at the antics of Izzy the Owl , Rosie the River Otter , Sandy the Salamander and Skip the Rabbit as they learn about the natural world . Brought to you by the National Wildlife Federation and featuring high-quality animation combined with live action footage , these endearing main characters make learning fun ! A winner of the distinguished iParenting Media Award.The Wild Animal Baby series will soon be airing on PBS Kids -LRB- 2010 -RRB- - stay tuned for all the new , fun filled episodes coming your way!The National Wildlife Federation -LRB- NWF -RRB- is America 's largest conservation organization protecting wildlife for our children 's future . NWF publishes three award-winning children 's magazines
 Those who saw Brian Wilson perform on his 2002 European Tour must have been in doubt whether the former Beach Boys genius was realy happy to be back on stage . Wilson looked sometimes scared and insecure and his great band the Wondermints backed up for him in more than one way . But we see a different Brian Wilson in this DVD . One who is enjoying the appreciation of the public and other musicians like Neil Young and Pete Townsend . Brian is loose and looks happy in this Tour film and seems surrounded with love . Playing some of his and Beach Boys greatest tunes and building up confidence . After the CD 's Brian Wilson Live at the Roxy and Pet Sounds Live and the Tribute DVD , this new DVD is another landmark in the attempts to give Brian Wilson the credits he derserves but did not get for his wonderful music from the sixties and seventies . There are beautiful tracks on this DVD and charming backstage views , like Neil Young trying to learn how to play Good Vibrations . Good to see all this happen .
 Some misconceptions about this DVD here . Let me clear them up .1 . -RRB- Although it was released in 2003 , this documentary was filmed in 1999 and 2000 , on the very first leg of Brian Wilson 's very first solo tour .2 . -RRB- The editing has been done at least partly to cut out Joe Thomas and Steve Dahl , both of whom accompanied and -LRB- kind of -RRB- played with Brian on the first leg of the tour . They both left after BW 's trip to Japan .3 . -RRB- The best stuff was yet to come . Brian followed this up with the Pet Sounds tour , a summer series of shows with Paul Simon , more Pet Sounds shows in England , and now the SMiLE tour . This DVD is about him coming into his own as a concert performer .4 . -RRB- The man is n't exactly magnetic on stage . Sometimes he 's dull to watch , esp . in this first tour when he kept his hands on the keyboard . So some creative editing can be excused . Take a look at the Pet Sounds Live DVD to see much more straightforward footage .5 . -RRB- This is obviously not the highest budget production . It 's mainly filmed on digital video . It gives us a close look at Brian making his music . That 's its charm.If folks stop wanting this DVD to be something it is n't , and accept it for what it is , they 'll find a wonderful portrait of a frazzled , eccentric , but still very alive and musical man .
 Great concert footage , Brian singing better and better every year and even dancing around on stage.Short remarks from Neil Young , Pete Townshend and others explaining their love for Brian and his music.Would have rated this a 5 star DVD , except for the fact that it is only 77 minutes -LRB- plus some extra 's -RRB- , while there must be so much more great concert stuff available.A must for every fan of Brian and his work
 Just want to congratulate Brian on the very special new DVD , with so many great moments . The love and respect of his music by so many fellow artists , along with his fans , and family , is truly wonderful , truly moving , and absolutely life-affirming . As David Leaf says , it is an example of an artist re-claiming his legacy . And with this documentary , it is the re-validation of one of the greatest musical geniuses of our - or any - lifetime . Two words for Brian - LOVE YOU !
 This time it is true . His singing on `` Darlin ' '' and Surfin ' USA '' is spot on and emotive . The falsetto of his youth , quite possibly the best in the business , is gone . However , his wonderful band can cover for him in that regard . He looks much more comfortable onstage than he did when I saw him in 2000 . It is pretty funny when he stops `` Do It Again '' to get the crowd clapping , then yells at them to `` Stop Clapping ! '' 60 seconds later during the bridge.The DD5 .1 and DTS mixes are great ! I wish the video was 16:9 rather than 4:3 . I wonder what the surviving Beach Boys are thinking ? I can only hope they feel good seeing Brian soak up all the adulation he missed out on in the past 30 years and so richly deserves .
 This DVD is amazing ! If you have not seen Brian Wilson live in the last few years , performing classic Beach Boys songs as well as some of his solo songs , this DVD is an excellent way to feel what it was like at his concerts . I was lucky enough to see Brian and his band twice , and this DVD brought back all of the wonderful memories of those shows . Some of my favorite moments - performing `` Do It Again '' early in the program . Brian stops the band during the intro to get the crowd to start clapping , and then the band starts it up again . It is just a great performance . There is also an emotional speech by Paul McCartney inducting Brian into the Songwriters Hall of Fame . Later in the DVD , Neil Young asks if he can play the organ part on `` Good Vibrations '' , and learns the part from two of the guys in Brian 's band . His comments are so honest and you really get the sense that he was thrilled to be included in the band . There are a number of individual comments by the band on how much they have loved performing Brian 's music with him , and how moving an experience it is for all of them . And the music is performed and sung so well , better than the original recordings in my opinion . Buy this DVD for yourself and for anyone you know that loves this great music !
 Brian Wilson is the true American Genius of the music world . You must have this if you agree . Please enjoy .
 Not enough concert footage , too many interviews , WAAAAHHHH !!! This film is done with L-O-V-E people !!! Love for B-R-I-A-N . If you do n't get that , give your copy to a REAL fan . This is the kind of music DVD you watch over and over again , and share with those you love that love Brian and his music as well . That 's all it ever comes to
 It is simply a joy to see Brian Wilson and his magnificent band performing , rehearsing , traveling , bantering , and receiving the sincere accolades of folks like Neil Young , Ronnie Spector , and others . Brian appears more relaxed and at home on the stage than he did during his terrific 2001 tour , and that feeling comes across in this DVD . Yes , I wish this had been a longer recording , but that 's Brian -- he leaves us wanting more , but delighted that he 's still with us , making music .
 This particular DVD has a very real magic about it in there is more focus on Brian as a Solo Singer.What a great effort with many of his trademark songs and almost true to the original.I would say ` dont be without this one ' .
 I 'm a big fan of AWK , and I think this is probably his best release all-around . The title track sound much more raw and untamed than the I Get Wet version . The remixes are pretty good too , but if you 're not a fan of techno-rock or synth they probably wo n't appeal to you very much . Dance Party and I Want to Kill are typical AWK , with catchy lines and major riffs . Old Man is pretty repetitive , but good for headbanging.The only unfortunate thing about this release is it 's almost impossible to find ... I 'd recommend trying to download it , as any copies you might find -LRB- to date , I 've found none -RRB- would be pretty expensive .
 I have not actually heard this single , but I 've got the `` I Get Wet '' album , so I 've heard the track . The album is totally solid and he 's probably the most promising new artist in the post-millenium bunch , but this track is THE stand-out . Why was n't it the first single in North America ? Maybe it 's too cartoonishly AWK what with the partying/puking aesthetic . Anyway this song kills just about any punk song ever , except if you 're one of those who thinks that punk production SHOULD suck on purpose and so too with the musicianship . Not that this is King Crimson or anything.Amazon should show us the track list so I can see if it 's worth buying . I was n't sure what to rate it , but since AWK 's 2 studio albums are 5 star efforts , it 's a no-brainer that this probably is too .
 If you bought this you proably already like Elvis music . This cd is worth the money . Many of my favorite Elvis songs were in his movies and never released as singles or for that matter hits . This is a great way for me to hear them again .
 elvis in the mid-sixties got a bad rap for supposedly putting out bad movies and bad songs . this is hardly the case though-with this soundtrack anyways . first we visit the harem holiday part of the soundtrack . this has some of the best songs ever this movie is set in iran back before the days of terrorism and stuff like that . this was a great tourist movie that showed the beauty of the country and the songs give the sound and style of there music . it was a real rocking set of songs . my favorites are the wisdom of the ages , shake that tamborine , hey little girl , and so close yet so far from paradaise . i give 2 thumbs up on the soundtrack and the movie it is family fun.next is girl happy starring elvis presley and shelly frabres -LRB- from the tv show coach and the singer of johnny angel -RRB- . this movie is great from start to finish and the songs are very good . puppet on a string , girl happy and wolf call are the highlights of this soundtrack and were international hits . i also give 2 thumbs up for the soundtrack and the movie . the movie is set up on spring break 1965 in florida it is a very funny film with lots of action and girls . as elvis sings in the title tune `` every girl i see looks good to me , what a crazy odd way to be but i love a life with beautiful woman i 'm girl happy '' im saying buy the cd 's and buy the movies . elvis is at his best in these movies and sountracks much better than viva las vegas where the songs werent that good and the plot stunk . people rave about that just because of ann - maragret which really aint fair . these movies are better and sound better and they are more fun for men and woman to watch .
 I know a lot of people did n't like these moveis to much but i did . I know some of the songs were not that good but i liked most of them especially So Close Yet So Far From Paradise from Harem Holiday although here in the states it was title Harem Scarum . Girl Happy sound track i liked of course my favorite was Puppet on a String but all in all this was a pretty good movie . Yes i would recommend this to Elvis fans the songs are not that bad not Elvis best but alright.Anne
 Everyone tends to criticize the Beach Boys albums following Pet Sounds and going through Holland , but in my opinion , some of their best work is incorporated in this time frame -LRB- 1967-1973 -RRB- . The best of these albums is Surf 's Up , which probably sounds the closest to the original concept for Smile . The diversity of songs on here is unmatched on any of their other works -LRB- perhaps , even including Pet Sounds -RRB- . The title track features deep , rich harmonies with interesting Van Dyke Parks wordplay , and a great Carl Wilson vocal , nearing a falsetto range when he sings `` Columnated Ruins Domino '' . Also included is the terrific Brian Wilson introspective `` Til I Die '' , another song with excelllent group harmony . Other standouts include `` Feel Flows '' a psychadelic , alliterative tune which is featured over the closing credits to the film `` Almost Famous '' , and `` Take A Load Off Your Feet '' which should be one day rediscovered by Dr Demento and his listeners .
 Tina Turner shows in this album that she is able to face country music and record some of its memorable songs , giving them a touch of rock without loosing the essence of country.The highligts from my point of view are
 While I rarely find remixes not annoying , much less good , both remixes here are fabulous . I particularly like the Baxendale mix , which makes the title track sound very much like , well , Baxendale , who are another great band . Anyway , the real key to why you should buy this is the awesome b-side `` Buying Records Wo n't Make Me Feel Better '' . Its a slow song with lyrics which I 've found to be all too true . But , I must confess that buying this CD did make me feel a bit happier .
 This is a 2005 LHJ records release containing 25 tracks . The selections are American standards , together totaling 78.37 minutes of playing time . All the tracks , except one alternate take , originate from two Bethlehem record recording dates . If you own the 1955 record titled `` Songs from the Heart '' and the 1956 album entitled `` All of Me '' , you 're in possession of 24 of these tracks . If not , this CD `` The Complete Wildi Recordings '' , represent excellent value . This CD is priced at $ 12.50 new while the individual CDs previously mentioned are listed at $ 33.99 and $ 20.94 , respectively.However , enough of economics , the real value resides in the music.As every jazz vocal aficionado knows , Johnny Hartman is one of the premier artists representing this genre . Why he did n't achieve the same musical success , as say , Nate King Cole -LRB- who rose to mega stardom during the same period as Johnny -RRB- remains a musical mystery . His abundant talent , even temperament , and perseverance were never an issue . Additionally , the high quality of his backup musicians and impeccable selection of strong material made each record a work of art.The songs , contained on these Gus Wildi produced sessions were of the highest order . They include compositions by such legends as Cahn / Styne , Cole Porter , Dietz / Schwartz , Cahn / Chaplin , etc. . The Supporting musicians on these recordings were simply the `` Cream of the Crop '' . A sampling of the artists include Ralph Sharon -LRB- longtime pianist for Tony Bennett -RRB- , Howard McGee -LRB- one of the first bebop trumpeters -RRB- , Milt Hinton -LRB- `` The Judge '' , dean of jazz bass players -RRB- , Lucky Thompson -LRB- tenor sax bebop pioneer , Frank Rehak -LRB- trombonist , appeared on many Gil Evans / Miles Davis recordings , Ernie Wilkins -LRB- founder of the Copenhagen , '' Almost Big Band '' -RRB- , Anthony Ortega -LRB- saxophonist and composer still active in L.A. -RRB- and last but not least the legendary jazz pianist , Hank Jones.It is a pure listening pleasure to experience the rich baritone voice with the perfect vocal control of Johnny Hartman backed up by these supremely talented musicians . Amazingly , these albums , although critically acclaimed , were met with only modest commercial success . It would be another seven years , until the release of the 1963 Impulse record duet with John Coltrane and Johnny , before receiving the commercial success he deserved.The story does n't end there . Johnny could n't maintain his mainstream success and eventually performed and recorded on the margins of the industry . It was n't until 1995 when his work was rediscovered through the release of `` The Bridges of Madison County '' film soundtrack . Unfortunately , it was too late for Johnny who passed away in relative obscurity in 1983
 i kinda made fun of the band when i first heard of them ... but after awhile i ate my words . Those guys got a catchy style.It 's a bit bland but it really works for them . . i 'm really impressed .
 one of the great sax man of all-time . from all the great modern records artists to b.b.king and amos milburn.he was the west coast version of louis jordan and sam `` the man '' taylor .
 This is one of many albums made in the late sixties to cash in on the Batman tv show craze.It has some great action music that remind 's me of many tv spy and cop show 's like Man From U.N.C.L.E. and I Spy.If your a fan of these show 's you will enjoy this music .
 Peiser here gives us lucky 21st century opera lovers a chance to hear pristine examples of acoustic recordings made by one of the most beloved singers of the last century . These recordings , many of them unpublished test pressings , are the earliest examples of singing we have from the supremely gifted Hungarian soprano Maria Ivogun . A sensation from her earliest childhood , Maria was the daughter of a gifted mother who sang opera and operetta , and these recordings catch her at the beginning of her career.These Odeon recordings were made while Ivogun was singing under Bruno Walter in Munich . Walter heard her as a very young beginner in her first try-outs in Vienna , and when the Vienna did not pick her up , the lucky Walter grabbed her for his own opera house in Munich . She stayed there from 1913 through 1925 , singing not only coloratura roles , but also some of the lyric repetoire , leaving with Walter when he took up a new post at the Berlin State Opera . There Ivogun reached the height of her fame , becoming one of the toasts of Berlin 's glorious pre-Nazi cultural boom . Like the American soprano , Geraldine Farrar , Ivogun kept her early promise to retire from the stage at a reasonable age ; her name is most remembered today for Ivogun 's famous students , such as Elizabeth Scwarzkopf.This set can be confusing - there are many duplications of the same items , as can be seen through the listings . Essentially Preiser has put together as much as they could , and we are left to take it as extra goodies . Many of these are unpublished , but in many cases there is no clear cut expanation for why one cut was chosen over another . In the end , we have Ivogun in her youthful fresh voice singing as only she can sing - and as such I am perfectly happy to hear her sing the same aria twice in 1916 , or retry it again in 1917 or 1919 . For others this might seem gilding the lilly . I call it an embarassment of riches.Few singers of this -LRB- or any -RRB- period offer as balanced and attractive a musical identity as Ivogun . Lively , but never a soubrette , serious , but never heavy , Ivogun brought to opera and lieder a pure delight in what she could do , all turned into glorious song.The closest comparison from this era to Ivogun might be Galli-Curci , but the Italian prima donna is a bit more 19th century in her delivery , more songful in the suggestion of pathos and melodrama . Ivogun as a singer is a bit brighter in tone , and less given to melodramatics . Like her mother before her , Ivogun always suggests she has one toe in the special world of operetta.For lovers of great singers , this is a wonderful indulgence , and one that will fall readily to hand whenever you play any number of arias . Ivogun 's voice always floats into your head whenever certain pieces are heard .
 RMC had some very good CD 's while they were popular in the early to mid-1990 's ; but song for song , this is their all-around best project.It 's one of my favorite contemporary choir CD 's from 1994 ... and it 'll be yours too once you hear it ! Highly recommended , and makes me wish RMC would come out with something again in the fuutre .
 A must hear CD ! Do n't miss this CD , if you like Eric Benet or Stevie Wonder , then you 'll love this ! Great vocals , great writting , and brillant musical arrangments . This is a must get from an artist that truly desrves the shot at going to the Grammys . Congratulations !
 Jovan a very intense artist who has mastered the art of singing...alfredgomezjr@latinmail.com
 from the moment that jovan started singing to me via `` you do n't have to cry '' I fell in love with the CD . There are only a couple of `` singer/songwriter 's '' that have totaly captured me heart and soul like jovan and his album `` remedy '' . Take it from me , a now huge fan , this artist is going to capture you ' r heart also .
 Im a big follower of good music like , marvin gaye , stevie wonder , george benson , donnie hathaway and alot more so i know good music when i hear it , and this is . vocals are very cool kind of reminescent of donnie or jonathan buttler but , his writting and production skills are amazing , also he played all the instruments . this is a must get cd from a brother who is definatly up and coming good luck , ca n't wait til your next .
 this album especialy the tittle cut remedy makes me think that he really knows how woman want to be treated . keep up the good work we really need `` brothas '' out there that still think like you .
 from first hearing this cd i knew this cat was on to somthing , the lyrics were a little heavy for me on a few songs , but , there was a large variety so i was satisfied . thanks jovan my girl loves it to she always sings you dont have to cry . this is a must buy cd got to have it .
 Jovan is the man ! The music and production on `` Remedy '' are off the hook ! Oh , and let 's not forget his vocals . Jovan can sing like no one else in R&B right now . His vocals are heavenly smooth . All of his songs are hot ! My special favorites are `` Remedy '' , `` Sunshine '' and track 1 `` You Do n't Have To Cry '' . Fellas , you 've got to get this for your lady ... trust me she will thank you for it .
 I first heard of Jovan through a friend of mine who told me I had to get his album . I just purchased it a few days ago and it is already on the top of my list of favorites . It is a MASTERPIECE ! The music is very classy and the words take you to a whole new level . His music is sexy and his writing is mature and thoughful . For Brian McKnight and Eric Benet fans
 Smooth like honey , and sticky with mood . This CD will invoke thoughts of Stievie Wonder , Eric Benet , and/or Maxwell . Thanks for a taste of the `` Remedy '' Jovan . A definate MUST HEAR for the world .
 Smooth like honey , and sticky with mood . This CD will invoke thoughts of Stievie Wonder , Eric Benet , and/or Maxwell . Thanks for a taste of the `` Remedy '' Jovan . A definate MUST HEAR for the world .
 Smooth like honey and sticky with mood . This CD will invoke thoughts of Stevie Wonder , Eric Benet , and Maxwell . Do n't get me wrong , however , a new flavor unique in of itself , will bring you back for more . Thanks for a taste of the `` Remedy '' , Jovan . A definate MUST HEAR for the world .
 A kiss of fresh air in an industry gone stail . This is the mark of a new beginig , the opening to a gateway you will actually want to walk through . I look foward to hearing more from you Jovan . Thanks for a taste of the Remedy .
 well let me start by saying ... i love the original babyvox ... now the new group is awesome.They have a very different sound than the original 5 . This is a must have if your into kpop . . ^_^
 The best night time CD for infants , toddlers and young children . All my children listen to this when they fall asleep at night . I start playing this when they are infants and my 9 year old still falls asleep to this CD . It is very soothing .
 He 's one of the hottest R&B male singers in the world with an impressive voice range . Usher who has already hit the world with his debut `` Usher '' and he 's second album `` My Way '' which produced the self-titled hit returns with his latest offering `` 8701 '' The album already making a big name for itself , has many big hit songs on it . Usher blends a songs of Hip-Hop/R & B to ballads of R&B / Soul . He 's debut single `` Pop Ya Collar '' is an example of his Hip-Hop/R & B style to the album . Songs which share a similar taste would be `` I Do n't Know '' featuring Puff Daddy now called P. Diddy and `` U Remind Me '' his second single off the album . Usher hooks up with the Neptunes to produced `` U Do n't Have To Call '' He also shows his smooth side of tracks like `` U Got It Bad '' which maybe become annoying to people who are ballad lovers . Well , what can I say , this man has potentional and girls running after him . On top of all of it a good voice and excellent production . I 'm sure the next one will be just as great if not better . Let the world be Usher-lized !
 i was so happy wwhen i order this padded bum to try , and immediatelly orderd onather one , it 's comfortable the shape is perfect , n looks so natural i recommend it , and the service they give u all the details that u need to knw.Cincher Bum Padded Panty
 took a littl ewhi ; e longer than i would hv liked to get it but it was perfect once it got here
 my favourite album and probably ushers best album even though ` confessions ' and ` my way ' sold more copies . this is the reason why confessions sold 1.1 million copies in its first week . almost every track is incredibly addictive and i very much recommend this album to anyone who likes RnB music .1 . intro2 . u remind me - probably my favourite song of the album and one of my favourite RnB tracks eva . fantastic opening track with a very addictive chorus3 . i dont know - gud and catchy hip hop tune with p. diddy4 . twork it out - tune describing sex , not for men , but is still a gud song5 . u got it bad - probably the best song on the album . very slow and sad with great guitar solo near the end6 . pop ya collar - first single to be taken from the album reaching no. 2 in the charts in UK . fast and highly addictive pop/RnB song7 . if i want to - one of the many gud tracks on the album8 . i ca n't let u go - not bad , nothign speacial9 . u dont have to call - another highlight of the album , great video . very catchy10 . without u - this is where the album starts to let down a bit11 . can u help me - very slow song , not bad12 . how do i say ? - another slow song but poor13 . hottest thing - poor14 . good ` ol ghetto - theres just no tune15 . U turn - makes up for the past 3 songs . great dance song . very addictive . amazing video16 . t.t.p - nothing speacial17 . seperated - very very slow but gud song
 No Question about it , this album definitely surpasses `` My Way '' . Some highlights of the album are `` You Remind Me '' , which is about a guy who ca n't get together with a girl because she reminds him of his ex , `` If I want to '' , a cocky song about a guy that can take a girl from her boyfriend without any effort -LRB- `` if I want it I could take you from your man/I could have you eating out the palm of my hand '' -RRB- , and , `` Separated '' , a slow song that has some of the best lyrics I 've heard in a while . -LRB- `` If love was a fire than we have lost the spark/if love was a light we 'd be lost in the dark/if love was a sport we 're not on the same team / if love was a choir then I could never sing/if love was an Oscar you and I could never win '' -RRB- . Those are some of the lyrics , and they pretty much sum up this amazing song . I gave this album only 4 stars because there a couple songs I do n't like , such as `` I ca n't let you go '' , which features P. Diddy . But overall , very good album . I suggest it .
 A great album by Usher , ca n't wait for the next one .
 This album is the best R&B album ever ... . Usher is the ultimate entertainer , and the radio shows it . . he deserves all the fame , because he knows real R&B music ... I recommend that u and get this album ... Top 51 -RRB- U Got It Bad2 -RRB- U Do n't Have To Call3 -RRB- Can U Help Me4 -RRB- Hottest Thing5 -RRB- Twork It Out * That was hard , considering that all of the songs are str8 up hot *
 this cd is awesome!Usher is sooo hot . His voice and lyrics rhyme and match perfectly . This is truly a turning point in his career.I think everyone should get this alubum .
 USHER REALLY GIVES IT HIS ALL HE EXPRESS HIMSELF DIFFERENT FROM THE REST AND THATS WHAT I LIKE ABOUT HIM .
 One of the best R&B albums of the year . U Got It Bad , U Turn and Help Me particularly stand out .
 I did n't really like Usher because his previous album was not that great . I thought his new album was going to be too overrated , but its one of the best albums this year . Usher can easily get 5-6 singles off this one album . He worked very hard on this cd , as anyone can tell . The beats are excellent , including slow music and uptempo dance beats . My favorite song on the album is U R the One . Easily worth your money to buy this album . Other albums only give you 1-2 good songs on it . This album had maybe 1-2 songs I did n't enjoy . Thats awesome . BUY THIS ALBUM
 This is one of the best albums that I have heard this year . Usher blends rugged beats with wonderful melodies in a continous play of music.All the songs the album are wonderfully written and performed . This album shows that Usher is not just a teen sensation that he is a true performer who can switch his voice to do justice to any type of song . This is seen on the uptempo '' I Do n't Know '' and the wonderful ballad '' Can U Help Me . '' 8701 proves to all the skeptics that Usher will be making music that is ejoyable for years to come
 Smooth grooves , hip-hop/R & B uptempos and his crooning tells you that he 's back and better than ever . 8701 is a welcomed returned for Usher . After a 4 year absence from the music scene Usher returns with 8701 . These days it 's hard come out with good , solid R&B but Usher does very well here . It 's his most conisistant album since ' 97 's MY WAY . He shows tremondous growth both vocally and with his writing . Most of 8701 is filled with sultry grooves fit for Usher 's playboy personality but some songs go deeper than that . Songs like `` u remind me '' , `` u got it bad '' , and the soaring `` can u help me '' shows off his personal side . The sound on 8701 is comtemporary R&B with pop sensabilities and hip-hop influences . 8701 is an album that you can play all the way through without skipping a single track .
 This iz a good album!I liked the first single but then it got very annoying!Y?Because the radio stations and tv stations kept on playing the song!VERY ANNOYING!But the song iz great !
 usher new album is excellent . i think everyone should get it , it 's worth the money and i think you will really enjoy listening to it . usher i has really really grew on this album . i think all your usher fan out there will be happy that you got this album . i mean there are some songs on there that remind you about somethings you wan na get straighten out in your live . usher has begin sexier and sexier as the day go by ... i think he 's a really sweet guy . other cd i recommand is souldecision , `` no one does it better . '' and aaliyah `` aaliyah . '' ...
 This is the tightest CD I love it . Number 2,3,4,5 , and are all hit songs , number 2 and 4 and 5 are my favorites
 Hey Everyone!You 've got ta get Usher 's new cd . I love it ! Not only is he a babe , but an amazing artist and vocal performer .
 This CD is a very good CD I like 14 out of the 15 songs on the CD . Honestly I think there should ne at least 4 singles on the CD -LRB- including U Got It Bad , U Remind Me -RRB- . U Got It Bad is a very catchy song .
 Usher has an ego which is truly shown in this Album andis well worth havin in your cd player ! 01 intro lude no point listenin 2 really ! 02 U know the song `` U remind me '' this will get u in the mood 4 the rest of his album !! 03 feat . P.Diddy u ave 2 put up with Mr pop a diddy pop until u hear usher who makes this worthwhile !! jus put up with diddles geg in parts ! 04 gud beat an ges u in the mood 4 tworkin it out !! 05 2nd Best song on album an u r tempted 2 skip the others 2 ave this playin great song !! 06 Go on Pop ya Collar !! by now ushers ego is truly rubbin off on ya !! 07 Yes this is the best song ! Fellas u want this song in your ed !! any lady will be yours lyrics r gud an the beat shakes the house with full bass !! 8 & 9 Really aint tha gud ! Skip em ! 10 ok short an sweet ! 11 yes this is gud an shud be placed further up the albumSack the rest of the album unless u r bored and feel like explorin songs that aint goodOh TTP is gud listen 2 that its 16 !
 For the past year this album has been put on hold for dozens of different reasons
 Besides Justin Timberlake , I ca n't think of a better singer than Usher . He sings , dances , and produces
 This album was Usher 's second I believe and it did not suffer the Sophmore Jinx . Why ? Because it is a Masterpiece ! I am a 47 year old woman and I love this guy . There are very few young artist out there who seem to have taken charge of their of their destiny like Usher . . he actually can sing which does n't seem to be a requirement these days to sell albums . He can act . I first caught him acting on my grandmother 's soap the Bold and the Beautiful , who at the age of 100 became a fan of Usher . I saw him in a few movies and Soul Food since . This album 8701 has everything on it . It is better then Confessions . . which is still a good Cd . 8701 always puts me in a good mood . I have one problem , which brings me to Amazon . Someone took my Cd and I have to buy another one ... no it was n't my grandmother . One can see how good this cd is because even if bought used it still demands a 10.00 price tag . Pretty good for a CD that is a few years old . I know Usher has legions of fans . But people should not dismiss this man as just another young R&B artist . Someone in the NY Daily News called him a rapper , clearly not correct . This young man is a renaissance man in the vain of Sting . Who does just about everything . But Usher has one up even on Sting . . he can dance . I have been listening and collecting music for years and this album reminds me of a Main Ingredient Album something that is old but you still listen to all of the time .
 Usher the R&B ; great is back with his new Album 8701 the hottest Album out there.Usher is a legend in his day and with guests like JD and P.Diddy this Album is a must buy . so here 's a list of all the songs and the ratings that I give them . **************************************************************** 1.Intro-8 / 10 :45 No Bad Lyrics2.U Remind Me - 7.5 / 10 4:27 No Bad Lyrics3.I Do n't Know -LRB- Feat.P.Diddy -RRB- - 9.5 / 10 4:29 Mild Lyrics4.Twork It Out - 6/10 4:46 Mild Lyrics5.U Got It Bad - 8.5 / 10 4:13 No Bad Lyrics6.If I Want To - 10/10 3:53 No Bad Lyrics7.I Ca n't Let You Go - 9/10 3:30 No Bad Lyrics -LRB- Edited -RRB- 8 . U Do n't Have To Call - 10/10 4:33 Mild Lyrics9.Without You -LRB- Interlude -RRB- - 10/10 :56 No Bad Lyrics10.Can U Help Me - 10/10 5:51 No Bad Lyrics11.How Do I Say - 9/10 6:23 No Bad Lyrics12.Hottest Thing - 8/10 3:50 Mild Lyrics13.Good Ol' Ghetto - 10/10 4:01 No Bad Lyrics14.U-Turn - 10/10 3:12 No Bad Lyrics15.U R The One - 10 + / 10 3:55 No Bad Lyrics **************************************************************** USHER 8701 GET IT
 My fav album of his by far , always gets me through my down moments , ... it was the icing on the cake when i got the cd and the cloud version ... thanks a bunch
 This cd is HOT ... I love it . One of my favorite Usher cds ever ! Has several hits ... One of his best ever ! Must have for the fan of Usher ! I am happy to have it for my own collection ! Its great from start to finish !
 With the release of his highly anticipated and much delayed album , Usher Raymond makes his mark as a great R & b artist . Spinnng out some hot new traxx with the help of producers that get my respect like the hit makers The Neptunes -LRB- i love thier beats ! -RRB- , Veteran producers Jimmy Jam And Terry Lewis , and Jermaine Dupri by his side . Usher has come with full force this time around . The album delivers varied tempos , sizzling lyrics and hot club traxx that keep the stereo bumpin ' . Noteworthy traxx include `` U Got It Bad '' -LRB- which almost wore out the repeat button on my CD player -RRB- . Neptunes produced tracks `` I Do n't Know '' & `` U Do n't Have To Call '' and the slowjam of the summer `` U Remind Me '' a song in which people can relate 2 . This Cd would gotten 5 stars if it werent for the lack of three good songs on the U.S version `` Pop Ya Collar '' which was a greatly recieved song when it came out as an unofficial single last November -LRB- he could have least let that one stay -RRB- . T.T.P -LRB- which i find to be a great song -RRB- and the ballad `` Separated , '' Aside fom that this is a great album and i encourage u 2 buy it you wo n't be disapointed .
 Before this album came out , I was n't a big fan of Usher . I heard his singles on the radio before , like `` My Way '' which was on his past album , but was still not very impressed.However , I did like the hit single , `` U Remind Me , '' which promoted 8701 . So , before I left on a trip a couple of months ago , I purchased this album , just planning on listening to that one particular track . Then as I listened to `` I Do n't Know '' which featured P.Diddy , I was thinking that maybe this album was n't going to be entirely bad . Then came the third track , `` Twork It Out . '' One listen to that song and I had to replay it over and over again . That is by far the best song on the album.Track by track , I was completely satisfied with my purchase and I could not put this one down . Other great tracks include , `` U Got It Bad , '' `` U Do n't Have To Call , '' `` How Do I Say '' and `` U-Turn . `` 8701 made me a huge fan of this ` Hot ` lanta phenom and something I am still listening to.This album is definitely worth the money . Highly recommended !
 It is very rare for me to come across a true R&B CD I can listen to all the way through and not change a song on the first listen or on any listen afterwards . Usher 's first hit CD , My Way , just displayed Usher 's singing ability and also some of his writing skills while his latest effort , Confessions , is definately more adult oriented . However , Usher 's 8701 ranks up there with Boyz II Men 's II for the quality and smooth R&B it has from the beginning of the CD until the end.The interludes and intro are well placed but not overdone like they are on other albums . I never was a huge fan of `` U Remind Me '' when it first came out but it does set the stage for `` I Do n't Know '' and I actually appreciate it much more now . If anything , those two tracks are the weakest tracks on the whole album . `` Twork It Out '' is absolutely seductive and amazing along with the ballad `` U Got It Bad '' following in a wonderful R&B fashion that 's so amazing and smooth . `` If I Want To '' and `` I Ca n't Let U Go '' are great songs with different beats but they stand out even more so because of their lyrics . `` U Do n't Have to Call '' slows down the beats and the mood before the interlude `` Without U '' . Combining `` Without U '' and `` Can U Help Me '' makes up the best set in the whole CD . `` Can U Help Me '' is one of the most tender and outstanding R&B ballads in a long time -LRB- think Boyz II Men in the mid-90s -RRB- lyrically , musically , and in every way . `` How Do I Say '' and `` Hottest Thing '' run on the same type of theme about praising and admiring a woman while `` Good Ol' Ghetto '' and `` U-Turn '' go back to a more party vibe and feel . `` U R the One '' ends of the CD in a club feel and paves the way to realizing that Usher will have club tracks on his next album too . However , this song has a good vibe and ends off the album strong . 8701 is n't one of those run of the mill R&B albums with a couple of songs that stand out . Rather , it 's an album that flows like a story from beginning to end and the various forms R&B takes on the album makes 8701 one of the best R&B records penned in the new millenium so far .
 Usher 's `` 8701 '' is one of the best R&B albums I have EVER purchased . EVERY SONG on this album is beautiful . I always like Usher but with this album ... I ` ma die-hard fan ! He does a great job balancing the up tempo songs and the ballads . The fast tracks make you wan na get up and dance and the slow ones make you wan na cry and just call that special someone in your life and just tell them `` I love you '' . His voice is excellent on every track and most importantly ... the man lets you know what love is about . The jewels on this album are `` U remind me '' , `` U got it bad '' , `` Twork it out '' , `` Can u help me '' , `` If I want to '' , `` Good ol' Ghetto '' and `` TTP '' -LRB- lol , basically every track on the album ! -RRB- . On a last note ... those of you who know what good R&B music is , this album is a must , TRUST ME !!!
 With Tyrese 's `` 2000 Watts '' dimming on the charts and the cherry bomb that was Sisqo 's last album , the only twentysomething male vocalist in mainstream r & b that seems to matter is Usher Raymond -LRB- with a special mention , of course , to Donnell Jones -RRB- . As far as modern r & b records go , `` 8701 '' is a surprisingly good , tight groove that overall stays consistent throughout the ride . You know the hits
 Of all usher 's CDs , this is truly his best . If you 're looking for a good CD where Usher xpresses his true feelngs without going explicit BUY THIS !!! My person favs are U do n't have to call and Twork it . Also , u shoud see Usher 's movie . His soundtrack and MY WAY -LRB- 1999 -RRB- r ok but are rated explicit 4 iffy lyrics . If U want the true Usher Raymond from Atlanta , buy this CD
 This CD was given to me as a present . I wasnt a fan before , but now I truly love his music . It is smooth , has a beat , expresses emotions once in awhile but is never depressing . In fact , it is such a feel good CD , I recommended it to friends . Dont think twice . Buy it .
 Usher 's 8701 is the album that confirms that he is one of the superstars of the overcrowded R&B genre.Like his previous album , he displays his sex appeal on tracks such as `` Twork It Out '' . He gives his best performances on `` U Remind Me '' , `` U Do n't Have To Call '' -LRB- Both songs won a Grammy Award -RRB- but `` Can You Help Me ? '' is the real showstopper on the album.Some songs are also pleasant to listen to , such as the sultry `` How Do I Say ? '' and the break-up song `` Separated '' . A worthwhile album .
 This was the best Usher CD I 've listened to so far . My absolute favorite songs were ' U Do n't have to call ' , ' U remind me ' , and ' U got it bad ' U do n't have to call had a snazzy , fast paced beat going on . U remind me had sort of a moderate pace with great lyrics and a great tune ! U got it bad was very slow , and had a sort of eerie yet sad tune , which made it sound like it was really coming from Usher 's heart . The electric guitar solo made it even better , to liven up the mood a bit . This was better than Confessions , My Way , and Usher 's first album .
 THIS CD IS FABULOUS , USHER SHOWS THAT HE IS NO LONGER A LIL BOY BUT A GROWN MAN ON THIS CD . HE IS ALSO TAKING YOU THROUGH DIFFERNT STAGES IN HIS LIFE ON THIS CD . THE HAPPY TIMES , HEARTACHE , AND THE PARTYING . I LOVE THIS CD . I ENCOURAGE ANYONE WHO DOES NOT HAVE THIS CD PLEASE GO OUT AND GET IT , IT IS WORTH IT ! TAKE IT FROM A TRUE USHER FAN !
 Take our quiz and find out ! 1 . Walking Fido most looks like : a. a tug-of-war . b. a casual stroll.ANSWER
 i love that song u got it bad i wish i had it i love it it makes me cry because i think of my ex-boyfriend
 I 'M YOU 'RE MAN YOU 'RE MY GIRL
 i think this album is absuloutly fantastic and i love it with all my heart
 Usher is my daily friend id ont love him becaude hies gadfr f ; hplv ; n , . / . N > / ? l.h. . . ' bbbbmc ; k , . z ; jgrkeeeeeeeeeeekkt ; rllllllllllll '
 I was just going through all my old cds and this is tied for my favorite with tlc 's fanmail . I love this cd . I do n't know what the name means . I wish I could dance like usher then everyone would love me :-RRB- yah okay aim me at coconutcream26
 This is one of my favofite albums ever ! Here are my reviews for the songs :1 . A Just an interlude . A beautiful one ! I like the piano in the background .2 . A - Very good song . The curse word is not needed though3.B + Usher proves he 's awesome again . P.Diddy curses too much ! 4 . A A fine romantic song5.A + Alright ! The first song that dose n't have a curse word ! 6 . C + Not that great7.A This would have got A + but JD ruins it . His voice is annoying8.A + My personal favorite until ... 9 . A + Awesome interlude10.A + ... this baby came along11.A Too long12.B alright song13.C Worse song on this CD14.A Luckily , JD dose n't rap15.A Okay finish to an okay albumI saw reviews for this CD and alot of them said that there was a 16th track on this CD . I ca n't find it on my CD . Its called Seperated and will someone please be nice enough to give me an explanation why I ca n't find it . Overall
 This Import is better than the US version , as it includes the single Pop Ya Collar which , surprisingly did n't do well in the US . The import also includes TTP , another great song left off the US CD and Separated , which could have been left off the album.Apart from Can U Help Me and How Do I Say -LRB- two soppy ballads from Jam and Lewis -RRB- , every song on this album could be a hit single . The obvious great songs are the singles - U Remind Me , U Got It Bad and U Do n't Have To Call , but other good songs include I Do n't Know , Twork It Out and U-Turn . Buy this CD and you wo n't be disappointed . Almost all the songs are great and worth your money . I would recommend the import if you 're willing to spend a little more as the extra songs are worth it .
 Usher makes one of the best CD 's in years and with hits such as `` U Remind Me '' , `` U Got It Bad '' , `` I Do n't Know '' , `` U Do n't Have To Call '' , and `` Twork It Out '' and `` Can U Help Me '' ... and every time Usher releases a song it ends up being a major hit in radio stations across the world ... and the people start to hate it because it is overplayed ... well Usher deserves to be played that many times and he may even be bigger than Michael Jackson in a couple of years if he realeases another good CD and do what he does best . . here is a review of each song followed by my top 5 ... Overall grade A + ... U Remind Me - a song that Usher says that is true and he ends up winning a grammy for it ... a song that was overplayed when it was a hit ... -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- I Do n't Know - Most of everyone knows about this song he sings it all the time ... it features P. Diddy -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- Twork It Out - I doubt that this is the next single because `` Can U Help Me '' looks like it is going to be the next hit ... -LRB- 0r at least i hope -RRB- i think u will hear this song in the near future my fifth favorite on the CD ... -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- U Got It Bad - Classic ... . what more can i say ... a song that was written PERFECTLY ... -LRB- tie for # 1 song on the album -RRB- -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- If I Want To - this song is good telling how i can take U from your man IF I WANT TO -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- I ca n't let u go - this song is a combination between Rock and R&B ... ; it is pretty good ... -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- U Do n't Have To Call - this song deserves a grammy and Usher combines with the neptunes in this and Ludaris in the remix ... -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- Can U Help Me - Single material and usher sings his heart out ... . very personal . . very emotional . . good ballad ... could also be a classic ... -LRB- tie for # 1 on the CD -RRB- -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- How Do I Say - I do n't really like this one he could of put Seperated or a interlude instead ... . but it is ok . -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- Hottest Thing - This one is hot but still not as good as Good Ol' Ghetto ... -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- Good Ol' Ghetto - One of my favorites , great song ... -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- U Turn - Party track a single in other nations ... it 's hot -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- U R The One - This song has a off the heazy beginning , middle and end ... . one of my favorites , one of the better ones -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- Top 51 -RRB- U Got It Bad2 -RRB- Can U Help Me3 -RRB- U Do n't Have To Call4 -RRB- U Remind Me or If I Want To5 -RRB- Twork It Out
 This album was the best buy out of all the CD 's that were out in 2001 ... Usher gives us hits like `` U Got It Bad '' , Grammy award winning `` U Remind Me '' , `` U Do n't Have To Call '' , `` I Do n't Know '' and `` Twork It Out '' ... . Here is my review on each song ... 1 -RRB- Intro-lude 8701 - Average Beginning off2 -RRB- U Remind Me - Everyone knows this song . .3 -RRB- I Do n't Know feat . P. Diddy - One of the better songs ... 4 -RRB- Twork It Out - 2th best song on the album . . Sexual song kinda like Usher 's version of Marvin G. `` Let 's Get It On '' . .5 -RRB- U Got It Bad - Break out song on the album . . Classic . .6 -RRB- If I Want To - Telling how I can take U from your man if i wanted to . . I Feel Usher in this one7 -RRB- I Ca n't Let U Go - Good follow up to U Do n't Have To Call ... Telling how I know that is over but I still ca n't get U out of my mind ... 8 -RRB- U Do n't Have To Call - 3nd Best on the album follow up 2 U Got It Bad but what is the followup to this ?? -LRB- Twork It Out -RRB- 10 -RRB- Can U Help Me - 3rd Best . . If Usher releases this he will be # 1 on the billboard track charts again . .11 -RRB- How Do I Say - Usher starts to lose it now . . Really do n't Like this one should of but Seperated or T.T.P , or Pop Ya Collar instead . .12 -RRB- Hottest Thing - Ol' school beat , New School lyrics . . makes this song the 7th best ... 13 -RRB- Good Ol Ghetto - Could be a single but do n't see it . . 6th best . . Usher remises in this one . .14 -RRB- U-Turn - Party track ... 15 -RRB- U R The One - Usher gives us a good beginning a hot middle and off the heezy end ... 1 -RRB- U Got It Bad2 -RRB- Twork It Out3 -RRB- U Do n't Have To Call4 -RRB- U Remind Me5 -RRB- Can U Help Me -LRB- If TTP or Pop Ya Collar or even Seperated was on this album this CD would of been a complete classic -RRB-
 8701 is a growth album for Usher . On this cd are songs such as `` Can u help me '' , `` How do I say '' and `` U got it bad '' that calms and soothes . There are others that make you want to dance like `` U Turn '' . Frankly , those who think the words make no sense in my opinion have not experienced enough things in life to understand his lyrics . I would recommend getting the cd to those old enough to have had an adult relationship beyond high school and those that like Usher , and R&B .
 THIS CD IS ONE OF THE BEST I 'VE HEARD LATELY ... OF COURSE HIS LAST CD MY WAY WAS ONE OF THE BEST THIS FOLLOW UP JUST SHOW 'S HIS MATURITY ... A LISTENING FAVORITE . . THIS CD NEVER LEAVES THE CD CHANGER IN THE HOUSE OR CAR -LRB- I HAVE TWO COPIES -RRB- GREAT LOVE MAKING MUSIC AS WELL AS TRAVELLING MUSIC ... USHER HAS DONE IT AGAIN !!!!!
 Well , I do n't write too many album reviews but if I do , it 's usually for two reasons
 Hey guys ! Everyone has got ta buy Usher 's new cd 8701 ! It rocks the house ! It is the best cd and does not suffer from the sophmore cd flop that most artists deal with . You 'll love Pop Ya Collar with its edgy hard core vibes and you also get your share of ballads with songs like U Remind Me . I promise you even if u are not an Usher fan before this you will either become an Usher fan because of this cd or at the very least will be happy you bought this cd . It is so amazing !!! Usher is definetly number 1 !!! There is no one else out there like him . He leaves all the other r & b crooners in the dust .
 This CD is really a great one . Like others said , it has a great mix of fast and slow songs . U remind me and U Got it Bad are awesome , I Ca n't Let U go has a great beat , and Can U Help Me embodies what a true romantic song is like . I give this CD 5 stars because it has wonderful songs .
 I love usher and his music . He is great . I love his c.d. he is a greeat dancer . Every time i see his videos all i can say is damn ! He is extreamly gorgeous and the brother can sing ! all i got to say is that i 've -LRB- GOT IT BAD -RRB- for usher .
 Usher made me want it bad , on this C.D I am very impressed with his work this time around ... You got it bad , U remind me , Twork it out , U do n't have to call , How do I say , Without U are my favorites , ao please do n't sleep on this one . Usher is a funky yet laid back artist that can be versatile and can always put you in a mood , if you want to bob your head-he has some beats that will make you do just that , if you wan na relax he has some smooth tracks that will make you want to sit back . Go for it
 This cd was really enjoyable . It shows how Usher has grown as a songwriter and singer . I loved listening to this cd in the office and at home .
 I must be one of the last to jump on board with Usher . For his previous works , I was able to bypass them after becoming unimpressed in stores which allow you to preview the music before you buy it . The mediocrity of his earlier efforts , his public put downs of counter prodigy tevin campbell , and the seeming force feeding of his music by urban radio stations was enough to make me cool to usher as an entertainer . I heard `` I Do n't Know '' and thought I have got to get that . I was trying to determine who the dynamic dua of alternating rap and smooth singing were . I t was reminescent of babyface or raphasel sadique of tony toni , tone ' . I soon found out that it was usher . I could tell from the online snipets that I liked every song on this cd . The best compliment I can give is to say that while both Babyface and Brian McKnight abandoned their silky styles for adventuresome experiments that hit and miss , Usher has used the same year to fill their void and leave us with harmonizing that we can treasure .
 I really was ` nt feeling usher the way everyone else was.When I heard the song you got it bad I tought I i had it bad for not listening to him that way.This is a very nice cd and I really changed my mind about his music.Usher really came a long way and this cd get 's 5 stars for me . .
 I really was ` nt feeling usher the way everyone else was.When I heard the song you got it bad I tought I i had it bad for not listening to him that way.This is a very nice cd and I really changed my mind about his music.Usher really came a long way and this cd get 's 5 stars for me . .
 UsherThe hardest thing to do in entertainment is to go from a teen prodigy to an adult star . At the crossroads of his career , Usher succeeds were artist like Al B. Sure and Tevin Campbell failed . With a team of all-star writers , Usher delivers his music with and impassioned voice , and shows the true talent he is . Although some of the dance numbers are not as good as on My Way , mid-tempo groves like U Remind Me , Hottest Thing and Twork It Out are excellent and memorable . Usher never oversings , except on U Got It Bad , but all is forgiven because this is also a good song . This may be only standard issue R&B , but it 's delivered exceptionally by a true talent .
 Usher planned to release his third album on October 29 , 2000 under the title `` All About U '' , but it got pushed back due to some of the songs being leaked onto the internet , so he pushed it back to 2001 and had to go back into the studio to rerecord some tracks and lay down some new ones . The album was finally released on August 7 , 2001 . After listening to this album front to back , I fell in love with it . This is one of Usher 's greatest albums and is a timeless classic . It 's 2013 and it still sounds great .
 I 've heard a few Usher songs over the years I 've liked and periodically tried to pick a CD - that was difficult w just a sampling of each tune . With his latest release I found a long-time fan who suggested this one and I really like almost every cut . It 's a nice representation of his artistry and a great listen .
 Usher 's music reminds me alot of Luther Vandross . Sexy , soulful , easy to listen too and puts you in a good mood . I like Usher because he is not vulgar , like alot of singers . He is not afraid to tell a woman how he really feels and how much he values her . Listening to Usher makes me feel that there are still some good men out there .
 The difference is that there are 3 different songs
 Best Usher Album Ever !! Thje third time proved to be a charm . And while Usher still keeps us very intertained - hehas not grown much as an artist in the last ten years - which is a goood thing ; his music still sounds like it did on this amazing album . Best work to date ! One of my all time favs !
 I paid Usher no attention until recently with his upcoming CD `` Raymond V Raymond '' . Ever since then , I have bought all of his old stuff including this CD . I love this CD ! I know it 's older but it does n't sound outdated or anything . There 's alot of fun tracks on it . So I would recommend it . I ca n't wait to buy his new CD this Tuesday : -RRB-
 this has to be my favorite usher album next to confessions . the lyrics , beats and flow all work for me . he 's very talented .
 This was Usher 's strongest album at its time of release . This album had alot of anticipation around it after the original 8701 , All About U , got scrapped due to heavy bootlegging . So the attention was definetly on Usher , to see if this album would live up to the hype . And i have mixed feelings about this album . It is definetly a strong album , no doubt about it . With 8701 , Usher finally found HIS sound . And that sound lies somewhere between R&B ; loverman , and dancing Pop star . While i personally like to see the R&B ; side more , we do get a pretty even distribution of R&B ; / Pop on this album . Usher has never had the best voice . He has a good voice with unbelievable range . And it really shows on this album alot . And this album did sell better than his last , My Way , because he had the mega hit , `` U Remind Me '' , which was a very unique mid tempo track with soaring strings , but at the same time its a very dancable track as well . And then another chart topper followed right after with the ballad breakup song of 2001 , `` U Got It Bad '' , which was an even bigger hit than the first single . And then , `` U Do n't Have to Call '' was another hit , but it do the same damage to the charts that the previous two singles did , which was surprising because of the three singles , `` U Do n't Have To Call '' was the most up tempo party track of them all . But what helps this album the most is its strong album tracks . While there isnt a ton of stellar album matireal , theres enough of it to make this album worth your while . Like the very chill baby maker `` Twork It Out '' , its a super soaker thats for sure . And then the pimps anthem , `` If I Want To '' , where Usher proclaims over this very up beat party track , `` if i wanted i could take u from ur man/with my eyes closed/i could have u eating out the palm of my hand/and all ur little girlfriends to '' ... pretty bold statement , but thats where Usher is so successful . He is cocky , but he has that swagger that attracts people to him , so its ok for him to say things like that because people believe it . So overall , this album is definetly a step up from his last one , nothing groundbreaking , just a real solid album front to back.Grade : B
 I love this album kind of better than Confessions but not that much . Every song in this album I loved but I especially loved Good Ol' Ghetto . U-S-H-E-R , Usher it 's ashame it was n't big until Yeah ! came out . This was a good album , if you like Usher get this .
 8701 is my favorite Usher album ever . With songs like `` U Remind Me '' , `` U Got It Bad '' and `` U Do n't Have To Call '' , it was bound to be a hit.My favorite songs on this album are `` U Do n't Have To Call '' , `` U Remind Me '' , `` U Got It Bad '' , `` Twork It Out '' , `` Can U Help Me '' and `` Pop Ya Collar '' . I like the rest of the songs on `` 8701 '' but I think that these 6 are the best and stand out the most .
 Usher has had a knack for making hit songs , or getting on them . This ability to bring fans his upbeat R&B ; tracks brings a lot of anticipation for this album . He brings forth an album with many highs and lows . Some of the songs are sure fire hits and others are painstakingly hard to listen to . The biggest upside of this album is Usher 's ability to create head moving upbeat tracks that will get the listener mouthing the lyrics right along with him . The downside is that Usher 's album is mediocre in a very competitive industry . He lacks the vocal talents of a Carl Thomas or Donell Jones and does not have the charisma or newfound maturity of Ginuwine . Therefore this albums subject matter never diverges and strictly surrounds itself around Usher as a man who can get any girl anytime he wants.The album starts off with the smash hit `` U Remind Me '' . It is a very catchy song with a solid beat . Then the album moves into the painful `` I Do n't Know '' with a horrible guest appearance from P. Diddy and an annoying beat . The strength of `` Work It Out '' is its catchy hook and a nice guitar influenced beat . `` U Got It Bad '' was the other major hit from `` 8701 '' and is a nice slower song . You knew someone had to make this song , `` Pop Ya Collar '' , and it ended up being Usher . It is a mediocre song as the beat is awkward as it is upbeat , but not quite something to dance to . `` If I Want 2 '' features JD and uses a nice sample of Notorious B.I.G. . The song has nice singing and a catchy beat , but does not reach its maximum potential with JD 's talking in the background and the extremely chauvinistic lyrics . I like the diversity on `` Ca n't Let U Go '' with a rock influenced beat . `` With U '' is a very disheartening song . It is only 55 seconds long and really could have been a great song if he would have made it longer . But it is followed into the very nice `` Help Me '' where Usher begins to step out of his egotistic persona and brings the albums most personal song . `` Hottest Thing '' uses a really solid beat as Usher creates the sleeper hit song of the album . `` U Turn '' is Usher 's weak attempt to make the `` new '' fad . `` Ttp '' will definitely get everyone 's head moving as the song is quite catchy.All in all Usher brings a noteworthy release as it has enough hit songs to make noise on the R&B ; scene , however it lacks the personality and maturity that other artists are showing more of . All Usher fans should not be disappointed , but fans looking for a new R&B ; CD might want to listen to some of it before purchasing .
 Lately , my tastes have been drifting into Neo-soul and so forth but Usher 's cd is still good IMO . He has a little bit of everything , my faves tracks are : U Remind Me - Big hit on the charts , I mean who can resist the infectious beat.U Do n't Have To Call - That 's my track ! I really like the music in the background and just like me , all he wants to do is party.I Ca n't Let U Go - This is probably the hottest uptempo . Reminds me of `` My Way '' with it 's thumpin beat and witty lyrics.Twork It Out - Is the best ballad/Mid-tempo on the album . It has such a laid back vibe and the lyrics make it even better.Can U Help Me - Has single potential.Then there are the clunkers which muddles the album and goes to show that Usher really has n't grown that much since `` My Way '' . Good Ol' Ghetto - Yeah right !!!!! I ca n't buy it.TTP - Too fast and jumbled.U-Turn - I kinda like this track but who 's gon na actually follow the instructions.Pop Ya ' Collar - Sounds like a rmx version of N'sync 's `` Pop '' . In Summation , Usher sure knows how to pick the singles . Because there are alot of clunkers . . including the ill fated spanish ballad , `` How Do I Say '' . I give the cd a C because it is good and he shows vocal skill but some of the songs are soooo cheesy and MJ styled . Hope he shows more growth next time around .
 8701 the cd title , tell us the year when little Usher started singing , in 1987 up to the realease of this album where we can find a whole new mature Usher in it , in 2001 . I bought the album because I love the first to singles , `` U remind me '' and `` U got it bad '' however I found some other great songs like `` I do n't know '' -LRB- feat P.Diddy -RRB- `` If I want to '' `` I can let you go '' or `` U R the one '' , all of them have great beats and are relly catchy . Also there is another great ballad apart from `` U got it bad '' that is `` Can you help me '' , and please , do n't skip the interlude because is a great beginning for that song.Other two reasons to buy the CD is Usher 's voice that is great in every song and the enhanced CD.Go and buy it !
 I have n't bought any of Usher 's other albums , I only bought this one because of the irresistible , sing-a-long , classic r & b ; / pop , Usher break-danceble track ; ' U remind Me ' a No. 1 hit single . Usher is a great artist as a vocalist , writer , producer and performer . His vocals sound a lot like Michael Jacksons ' . And I have a great feeling he 's gon na be around for a long time time in the music buissiness . ' U got it bad ' is really nice ballad which No. 1 at the moment -LRB- not anymore -RRB- , another more-touching ballad is ` Seperated , ' well-written and well-sung . ' I Do n't Know ' is a great track featuring P. Diddy , you just need to get the hang of it , Usher shows he can rap on it and also on ` Good ol' Ghetto . ' ` Pop ya collar ' and ' U Turn ' the pop/r & b ; dance tracks of the album . ` Can U help Me ' sounds like a Brian Mckinght and BoyzIIMen influenced/inspired R & b ; ballad . The album also contains a few hot tracks from the amazing Neptunes ; like his latest single ' U Do n't have to Call . '' This is a great comeback for this supastaw , I really think U should give album a chance , and GO BUY IT ... Thank U for taking your time to read this .
 Now I ai n't gon na lie , when I first heard his 1st single `` U Remind Me '' i was like ` WTF !?! ' Then after hearing it continuiosly on the radio I was like , ok , it 's pretty good . Then I saw the video and fell in love with the song even more . and I must admit Mr.Raymond is starting to look pretty good . So I went and bought the cd when it came out . At first I was like , ` Man I wasted my money ' then as I really started listening to it and came outside of my box I realized hes grown vocally and as an artist . Now I really am in love with this cd . You really should cop it . Holla !
 After hitting it big with his 1997 release `` My Way '' , Usher decided to take a break for about four years before returning on the scene with what has to be his best album yet . On the fifteen track set , Usher goes back to some of the things that made him a star on `` My Way '' and tries a couple new tricks as well.Below i am giving you my track-by-track review of `` 8701 '' , as well as a count of how many stars i give each song -LRB- / 10 -RRB- :1 . Intro-lude 8701 - This is the intro to the album so i really ca n't say to much about it , though , i think it is pretty good to start off with . -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- 2 . U Remind Me - I loved this song so much till the radio made it one of the songs i have to skip past on the cd . Has a good beat and nice lyrics , mabye one day i will actually be able to hear it again without being haunted by memories of hearing it ten times a day on the radio . -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- 3 . I Do n't Know -LCB- feat / P. Diddy -RCB- - Great party song , has an awesome beat that reminds me of Ray J 's Neptune produced hit `` Wait A Minute '' . P. Diddy raps good as well . -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 4 . Twork It Out - Great slow song . Usher really knows how to sing ... Reminds me of `` Nice and Slow '' . -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 5 . U Got It Bad - My favorite of the album , even though , like `` U Remind Me '' , the radio wore it out . -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 6 . If I Want To - Really good song , it 's got a great beat and pretty good lyrics . -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 7 . I Ca n't Let U Go - Great song , except for one little thing
 Usher 's last album was a smash taking the dance steps of Michael Jackson and the stage persona helped him rack up more than 5 million albums sold but something was off no matter how strong the last disc was usher 's voice just did n't seem ready and sorry to say even though he is grown it still seems off ! The album is drenched with great producer 's from Dupree to the Neptunes and they do what they can and do it well ! The tracks are so well crafted and smooth you may find your self singing along badly on your first listen . The hooks are catchy as hell and that is what grounds the disc for Usher 's uneven voice which sounds WAY TOO POLISHED - he needs to drop the studio sound down just some notches and let some soul in to give his love songs a much needed added punch ! `` You Got It Bad '' is the stand out track aside from the joyfull summer jam `` You Remind me '' and if he added a little more depth and cut out the mass media frenzy of trying to start a dance craze with the track `` U-turn '' Usher 's aim to please would n't seem so forced .
 Not a bad album . After hearing some of the songs , it 's evident this is a typical R & B album . Of course , if you like Usher , that 's what you 'd expect . `` U Remind Me '' is a great song , no matter where you hear it . The rest of the CD features a mesh of classic R & B -LRB- `` Twork it out , `` U got it bad '' -RRB- , sappy romantic ballads -LRB- `` Can U help me '' -RRB- , a hot Latin party-scene beat -LRB- `` How do I say '' -RRB- , and a new-wave rap -LRB- `` If I want to '' , `` I ca n't let u go '' , `` U r the one '' -RRB- . I personally prefer the faster stuff , but to those who like slow and smooth R & B , do n't hesitate to listen to this 8701 .
 This CD takes a little getting used to . The single `` U Remind Me '' and the fast tracks `` If I want To '' , `` I Ca n't Let U Go '' and `` Good Ol' Ghetto '' are really tight - they grab you on the first listen because they are so catchy and unique . However , there were some songs I was not too impressed with on my first listen , but with time they grew on me , such as `` U R The One . '' I do n't really like `` U Got It Bad '' or `` You Do n't Have to Call '' - I find them too slow . There is a good mix of slow songs and fast ones - personally I prefer the fast ones . Give this CD a chance - it 's worth the money . The slow jam `` Can you Help Me '' is really sweet . By the way , Usher has also grown vocally - he sounds more soulful . And you probably do n't care , but I also recommend Craig David 's Born to Do It and -LRB- unrelated -RRB- the Backstreet Boys ` Millenium and Black and Blue as albums that you can listen to from start to finish like Usher .
 I 'll be the first to admit that I 'm late with all the `` Usher craze '' . I could n't stand him up until recently . I started liking his current songs from the upcoming `` Raymond V Raymond '' so I started to listen to his old stuff . I really like this CD . I listen to it all of the time . I bought the international edition at a bargain price but I would have definitely paid more for it at a retail price if I had to :0
 USHER 's cd 8701 straight up rules . this cd is great with a mix of everything . You get dance , pop , r & b , and rap -LRB- P. DiDDY and Jermaine Dupri are featured -RRB- Most of the tracks are great . everything is produced really well . standout tracks are `` U REMIND ME '' , `` I DONT KNOW '' -LRB- P DiDDY is in this one -RRB- , '' TWORK IT OUT `` IF I WANT TO '' , `` WITHOUT U '' , `` CAN U HELP ME '' , `` HOTTEST THING '' , `` GOOD OL' GHETTO '' , `` U TURN '' and `` U R THE ONE '' . a great buy for anyone . way better then sisqo 's cd '' return of dragon '' probalbly best male r & b cd this summer . oh yeah i wonder why nearly half of the tracks have the word '' U '' in it ? it doesnt matter go get this cd now , you wont regret it .
 Second to NSYNC 'S , `` Celebrity '' , this CD is my favorite of all time ! When you want to listen to 13 of 15 songs on a CD , you know it 's good ! This CD has an amazing balance of ballads and fast trax and rap . And the ballads are INCREDIBLE ! `` U Got It Bad '' is one of the best songs I 've ever heard in my life . I would DEFINITELY recommend that anyone a fan of Pop , R&B or Rap to get this CD , YOU WILL LOVE IT !
 This is a great album.I think many fans will love it .
 The album 8701 is very good . I especially like `` U Do n't Have to Call . '' The track is very catchy and upbeat . It would be a perfect dance track for the club . I also like `` I Do n't Know '' featuring Puff Daddy . The track is also catchy in nature and also has an upbeat tone . He balances the upbeat tracks with the slower , much more sensual tracks for the ladies . I wish he could have used `` Pop Ya Collar . '' That would have made it off the hook !
 Being a Usher fan from way back when he was singing his behind off on Star Search I knew he had what it took to be a star . Now years later I have purchased all 3 of Ushers albums . The first album which is self titled '' Usher '' this is probably my favorite album because he was singing at the top of his form ... . and still he was so young ... . If your into artist that can really sing then you know what I am talking about ... . The album was more adult for him ... but his vocals are amazing . My Way was a great album it sold millions of copies ... . Did not show to much of his vocal style ... . But this album hear '' 8701 '' he gets back to what he knows best ... . Usher has a real talent that he was blessed with ... . And you can hear it on this album ... . The talent is his voice ... . The boy can sing ... . The ballads on this albums are all on point ... . and the fast cuts are good as well trust me you will be addicted after one lesson ... . a well produced album ... . It was not rushed ...
 With his last effort placed on hold , listening to this album you can only say `` Well worth the wait . '' Usher modified his style with the aid of super-producers Jimmy Jam and The Neptunes , and secured his own individual style instead of bringing on mixed artists on every track like some do these days . This album flows from the beginning to end . For the upbeat tracks , you ca n't miss with `` If I Want Too '' talking about stealings girls , `` I Do n't Know '' with P. Diddy , and the smash hit , `` U Remind Me . '' For the softer side , he displays lyrical range on `` Can U Help Me '' and `` U Got It Bad '' . With no weakest link in this latest effort , Usher provides his audience with one of the best R&B albums of the summer , and probably his best to date .
 This Usher album has dope songs like `` U Remind Me '' `` Twork It Out '' `` I Dont Know '' and `` If I Want To '' they are all good songs and the album is no letdown . My two favorites were `` U Remind Me '' and `` Twork It Out '' . This album is best described in one word
 Usher is one of those rare singers with a great natural vocal gift and he 's known for dropping catchy likeable songs . So the expectations for a young man with those gifts are high . I certainly had high hopes for this album as I have followed Usher since he was very young . What I find myself liking about this album is the mid-tempo stuff . Mid-tempo is the hardest to sing well and not many have the voice to pull it off . Usher does it extremely well on here . I like all but about 4 songs . The ones I do n't like are the collab with Puffy . Usher is just too good for that -LSB- stuff -RSB- . To make a long story short , I 'm a little dissapointed with the slow songs . They 're not as soulful as the ones on My Way and I was really counting on that . I still highly reccomend this CD and give it a chance to grow on you , the beats are kind of tricky .
 Usher has been getting a lot of insults from some memebers of the Neo Soul camp because his formula is very middle of the road . I agree with them entirely ; his style is nowhere near as great as D'Angelo and Maxwell . However , we are looking at it from a R & B/Soul viewpoint.Years of infectious and overly-produced schlock has turned most of the R & B audience into mindless chart-followers . Never mind that the genre is being perverted to make record companies money . It is Motown Era all over again . However , even in these assembly line times , thier are artists that stand out not for bucking the system , but perfecting it.Usher 's album is just that ; an almost perfect pop album . Full of infectious and danceable grooves alongside fine balladry . His choice of singles is impeccable -LRB- except Pop Ya Collar
 My name is Crystal Jordan and I attend Albemarle Middle School -LRB- Home of the BULLDOGS -RRB- . Well Usher I think that your albulm 8701 is off the chins.Eva since the song U Remind Me came out , I have really been felling that.If this is not to much to ask you , Would you come to my school in Albemarle to talk to the students about how drugs are very bad for your body.Well my words are getting shorso GOTS TO BOUNCE . HALLA.Love your # 1 fan Crystal Jordan .
 Someone gave this to me as a gift , and ever since then , I 've been listening to it nonstop ! This is definitely a great buy for someone who likes a mixture of modern jams and old-school love songs -- because 8701 has them both . It has his hottest new singles on them , plus a bunch of other songs that have n't been as promoted but are single-quality . The CD sees some changes from Usher 's previous style . In his other CDs , he basically sings songs that most older teenagers can identify with . The songs on this CD announce that Usher has grown up -- the songs are all much more sensual . Passionate love songs are interspersed with sweet hip hop beats ... I highly recommend it !
 This cd is Usher 's best thus far . The best track is You Got it Bad , but all the songs are easy to listen to . This cd is a great purchase .
 Though I 've liked most of Usher 's songs , I 've never liked them so much that I would go out and buy his CDs . That changed when I heard `` U Do n't Have To Call '' . That is one of my favorite songs in the world , and after hearing that and usher 's other 2 singles `` U remind Me '' and `` U Got It Bad '' , i figured his CD was worth getting . And I was right . My only regret is that I did n't buy it sooner . Every song is a great song , though some are more great than others . The really strong songs are `` U remind Me '' , `` Can U help Me '' , `` I Do n't Know '' `` U Got It Bad '' and my personal favorites , `` U Do n't Have To Call '' and `` Twork it Out '' -LRB- I think I love that song even more than U Do n't Have to call ... and I did n't think that was possible ! -RRB- . The weak songs are `` Good Ol' Ghetto '' and `` U-Turn '' but they 're still pretty good . All in all , Usher 's third CD is a definite hit , and if you have n't gotten it yet , do yourself a favor and get it ASAP , you wo n't be disappointed .
 let me give rating 's for the songsintrolude - 5/10u remind me - 8/10i do n't know - 7/10twork it out - 8/10u got it bad - 8/10if i want to - 9/10u do n't have to call - 9/10without you - interlude to next song 7/10can u help me - 8/10how do i say - 9/10hottest thing - 8/10good ol' ghetto - 8/10u turn - 7/10u r the one - 8/10i liked the cd but it could 've been better because some of the songs were weak , you know what i mean .
 ... this CD is sort of the middle of the road ... I 'm not really what one would call an Usher ` fan ' , but I enjoy his music . This CD split me almost straight down the middle . There are a few tracks that are absolutely wonderful - `` Can U Help Me '' , `` U Do n't Have to Call '' , & `` U Got It Bad '' are my favorites - and there are some that are pretty good - `` U Remind Me '' was way too overplayed - but the worst part is a few of the tracks are so sexual they 're almost perverse . Prime example is track 4 , `` Twork It Out '' . A wonderful melody was ruined by trying to be sensual . Did n't work . I skip the song every time.This album is worth the money . Usher is a great artist . But a few of the tracks are also worth avoiding . Four stars .
 Usher Raymond is a great singer and rapper . You can tell he puts pride in his work and if he does n't he do n't show it.My favorite track on his album 8701 is `` Can you help me '' because reminds me a lot about how I feel about my ex-boyfriend Devin.And if you do n't have the CD I would recommend you go buy because it 's a great album.He made a lot of improvements from his CD My Way.Not that I do n't like that CD or anything because I love that CD.It 's just that his voice had gotten better and he raps pretty good but I think it was better in the CD My Way . And as far as I 'm concerned for he 's a great role model for kids !!
 Usher Raymond is a great singer and rapper . You can tell he puts pride in his work and if he does n't he do n't show it.My favorite track on his album 8701 is `` Can you help me '' because reminds me a lot about how I feel about my ex-boyfriend Devin.And if you do n't have the CD I would recommend you go buy because it 's a great album.He made a lot of improvements from his CD My Way.Not that I do n't like that CD or anything because I love that CD.It 's just that his voice had gotten better and he raps pretty good but I think it was better in the CD My Way . And as far as I 'm concerned for he 's a great role model for kids !!
 I LOVE THIS CD AND ITS GREAT ITS OFF THE CHAIN . I LIKE THE WAY ALL HIS SONGS ARE DIFFERRNT AND HOW NONE OF THEM ARE THE SAME . I LIKE THAT . IF U LIKE USHER U 'LL LIKE THIS CD . GREAT JOB .
 First of all , this is a great CD with lots of nice stuff , but where is `` pop ya colla '' ? i thought it would be included too . Usher proves once again he can make oth slow ballads and up tempo songs aswell , the faster onces are better though . `` U Remind me '' the smoth up-tempo song about a girl is exellent so is `` U-turn '' which is more of a r & b-dance song , catchy lyrics good hook . `` I do n't know '' is allright with a great backround beat . `` U Do n't Have To Call '' has got a cool sample that reminds me of Kelis `` caught out there '' and a decent hook `` U R the one '' is quite simular . Then we got the ballad `` U got it bad '' . `` If I Want To '' is a Babyface song , a certain person ruins the song though . `` I ca n't let u go '' got to be the toughest song he 's ever made . We have seen 2 sides of Usher and that 's a very good thing , this album is great .
 well well well , usher is a bad mutha shut yo mouth , but on the real his album is one of the best r & b album ever made , esspecially can u help me , that song is so good , i could be listening to that song while u r on a date with your girl , actually u could play the whole album all the way thru the date , but i personally loved it , tight work usher
 right now me and my friend r listening 2 the cd and it is the very best !!!!!!! All 15 songs r awesome !!!!!!! especially can u help me , my friend luvs twork it out and u-turn and u got it bad and ... ALL OF THEM !!!!!!! Usher swears a little but dont most people?His songs r really great , they all hav great lyrics and r fun 2 dance 2 !!! Especially the slow songs !!!!
 the only thing bad about this cd is that it doesnt include separated which i think is his best ballad ever ... find it on the net its a great song !
 8701 is more of a reload than a rebuild . Its a phat new release from Usher and i know you wont be disappointed ... and while you 're at it , stay away from Janet Jackson 's and Sisqo 's new albums , 100 % messed up !!
 i think this new usher CD is hot !! okay . maybe i 'm just saying that because i am a fan . but , really , i 'm not one of those * obsessive * fans who go around collecting every little thing that has been out by usher , and say that everything rocks , and that it 's the best . i only do that with soulDecision , but thats a whole other story . lol.so anyways . . i know an album is good when i listen to it the first couple of times and i keep saying to myself , `` this is a really cool song ! whats the title ? '' to a different track every time . okay . that did n't really make much sense but whatever . what i 'm trying to say is that all the songs on the album are great , each with a different well i dunno . . flavor , maybe ? i have been waiting for a new album for a while now , and this is no disappointment . i like the up beat songs like * if i want to * , * i do n't know * and * u-turn * , as well as slow jams like * can u help me * . those are my favorites right this minute . it 's probably gon na change tomorrow , or even in a few hours , maybe.personally , i like the up beat songs better . but that 's just my opinion . a lot of people said that this album was a disappointment , -LRB- yeah , i actually read all the reviews before i write one . . -RRB- but i do n't think so . although right now i enjoy `` my way '' better , this is not far behind.BTW , did anyone see usher 's performance on MTV 's TRL ?? man it was off da hook !! just crazy . rock on usher ~ hehe . . ya smell me ? : -RRB-
 now THIS is the usher I liked who actually released good music instead of that stale let it burn and yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah . He was on fiyah in summer 2001 till 2002 with his blazing hot videos and being himself with a little bit of michael jackson influence instead of trying to be his minime like he does all the time today and not even be close to dancing as great .
 usher maybe one of the biggest stars but he lacks a few things that make him likable to every1 ... like me ... i really dont like him ... but his music is good ... 8701 is way better than his latest ... where on CONFESSIONS he whines through the entire disc , 8701 he is the life of the party ... he may whine on this disc but it sounds better ... especially on ' u got it bad ' that is a ballad ... ` u-turn ' , ' u dont have to call ' , and ` twork it out ' are standouts ... the worst song to me is ' u remind me ' it does nothing for me ... this album is good because the production and the songwriting is real unlike CONFESSIONS where he tells a fake story about himself . .
 Hi , My name is Alisa . I am -LRB- ... -RRB- and I am obsessed with Usher . Anyways I bought the 8701 album and I fell in love with it !!!!! Fans I swear if you dont have 8701 please go get it !!!!! it 's an AWESOME cd !!!!!!!!!!!
 This is Usher 's best album . It 's better than `` My Way '' , and `` Confessions . '' Nuff said .
 I really do love this cd . I bought it soon after it was released in 2001 , and i still listen to it now . I never get bored of it . I have recently bought Usher 's new album ` Confessions ' , and have found that although it is very good , it does n't match up to 8701 for me.It is an excellent album and I would recommend it to any R&B ; fans . Also , If you have bought confessions and you like it , then i recommend you buy 8701 as in my opinion it is a better album .1 -RRB- Introduction - not much to say about this .2 -RRB- U Remind me -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- - this is probably a song that you will have already heard , as it was released as a single . It 's pretty good .3 -RRB- I do n't know -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- - I like this song . It features P diddy and it is good but not my favourite on the album .4 -RRB- Twork it out -LRB- 6/5 -RRB- - This is my favourite song on the album . I love it . It 's so smooth and its such a loving and sexy song5 -RRB- U Got it bad -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- - I really like this song.Its quite a sad song , but I still like to listen to it.It helps me to relax .6 -RRB- Pop ya collar -LRB- 4.5 / 5 -RRB- - everyone knows this song , and its pretty good7 -RRB- If I want to -LRB- 3.5 / 5 -RRB- - I do like this song , but I do n't think it 's particularly special . Not a bad song though .8 -RRB- I ca n't let you go -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- - I like the rap on this song . It 's quite different from the other songs on the album , but still good .9 -RRB- U do n't have to call -LRB- 4.5 / 5 -RRB- - nice song . not too much to say about it really but i like it .10 -RRB- Without U - nice little interlude11 -RRB- Can U help me -LRB- 3.5 / 5 -RRB- - this song has sweet lyrics , and is nice to listen to .12 -RRB- How do I say -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- - Probably my 2nd favorite song on the album . Its sexy and has a spanish vibe .13 -RRB- Hottest thing -LRB- 4.5 / 5 -RRB- - very good song .14 -RRB- Good ol' ghetto -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- - i really like this song it has a nice vibe and is just enjoyable to listen to15 -RRB- U-Turn -LRB- 4.5 / 5 -RRB- - a good catchy song that you can dance to16 -RRB- T.T.P -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- - a nice little song . not a standout track but still good .17 -RRB- Seperated -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- - A great song to finish off the albumBuy this cd it is the best usher album and all R&B ; 's will love it
 This is a great C.D. there are some not so good songs on it , but I think that some of the songs on it definantly make up for those songs that are so awful it makes me wan na puke . To me though , # 10 is the best of all . It 's so good because I am a girl who just got hurt pretty bad by her last boyfriend , and he sang this song to me trying to get me back . It did n't work to well cuz I still think he 's a total `` butt '' hole , but it was still kinda sweet , cuz so much of the song is true in our old relationship .
 I first heard Usher 's `` U Make Me Wan na '' and I was hooked to him . Beautiful voice . 8701 is a great album . However , it could have been better .1 . Intro-lude 87015/5 - Though it 's just an introlude , but its connects to the next song really well .2 . U Remind Me 5/5 - Excellent !! One of my favorites . -LSB- U remind me of the girl that I once knew -RSB- 3 . I Do n't Know 3/5 - I do n't really like this one . Maybe cause it sounds pretty trashy compared to the rest of the album .4 . Twork It Out 5/5 - Beautiful . Fav too ! -LSB- I know you like it when I do it like that . . Just twork it out -RSB- 5 . U Got It Bad 6/5 - My all time favorite from Usher . It 's really sweet . -LSB- U got it bad , When you 're out with someoneBut you keep on thinkin ' , ` Bout somebody else -RSB- 6 . If I Want To 4/5 - It 's nice . A song you can dance to .7 . I Ca n't Let You Go 4.5 / 5 - Nice one !! 8 . U Do n't Have To Call 4/5 - Nice . But not excellent .9 . Without You -LRB- Interlude -RRB- 5/5 - It 's beautiful . Connects the next song perfectly .10 . Can U Help Me 6/5 - One of my favorites from this album . It 's such a sad love song it even made my friend cried . I love this song very much . -LSB- Baby help me , Without you my whole world is falling apart and i 'm going crazy , life 's a prison when your in love alone -RSB- 11 . How Do I Say 4/5 - Nice .12 . Hottest Thing 1/5 - OMG . This is the worst that he can ever come up with .13 . Good Ol Ghetto 3/5 - It 's okay .14 . U-Turn 5/5 - One of my favs . It 's really catchy . Something you really wan na dance to . -LSB- Put your hands up and bend you knees -RSB- 15 . U R The One 3/5 - Decent .16 . Separated 6/5 - MY FAV !! Beautiful . Absolutely beautiful.I think Usher 's ballads are better in this album . It 's good . But not excellent . A lot of room for improvements .
 Usher 8701 is a great Cd and everyone should own it .
 Usher has never let me down with his CD 's . He is the only R&B ; male artist that I can listen to and not skip through the songs.The production on this one is ... on point and on top of it 's game !!! The Neptunes come through on the tracks that they produce . J.D. comes through with his part also.The lyrics are good and the Babyface produced songs are really good and soulful . I recommend fans of R&B ; and Hip Hop alike to get this one ... it 's really good . Peace out folks !!!
 Usher has made U love this CD . With many cool songs such as , 8701 , U do n't have to call , and many more . This CD will make you want to listen to it over and over again . It is parent safe so you wo n't get in trouble . Only a few curse words , but nothing innappropriate . This 22 year old R&B artist is really great and cool . At first , I thought it sounded stupid but it is really really good ! I really liked it and hope this helps U decide to buy this CD !
 Usher , has got it ALL . He 's got looks , and he has talent when he sings . At first , I was n't a huge Usher fan , but when U Remind Me came out , and U Got It Bad , I knew I had to get the CD . This CD is AWESOME ! He really makes me want to get up and dance . He makes it seem as though everything in his songs are happening , because of all the effort he puts into them .
 Usher has put us in the year 2002 with a bang with the new single `` U Do n't Have To Call '' . His last single `` U Got It Bad '' is a true classic and will put Usher on the top . Usher is making a story with his 3 singles first starting with `` U Remind Me '' , `` U Got It Bad '' and now `` U Do n't Have To Call '' . But In my opionoun `` Can U Help Me '' should be the next single after `` U Do n't Have To Call '' . But `` U Do n't Have To Call '' is maybe the last single for 8701 . But as for the rest of the CD `` If I Want To '' is a great song and with great lyrics . `` I Ca n't Let U Go '' is also a good song feat . Jemraine Dupri . `` U R The One '' is a good song with a good party beat to it . `` U-Turn '' is when Usher has U put up your hands and bounce around in a circle . `` Good Ol' Ghetto '' is a song when Usher remences to his teenage days and meets his X-Girlfriend . `` Twork It Out '' is a very sexual song that will put U in the mood . `` I Do n't Know '' is a party jam feat . P. Diddy and was supposed to be a single but Usher choose `` U Got It Bad '' instead . `` Hottest Thing '' describes how Usher is in the club and meets this girl who he wants to start a romantic relationship . Overall Here is my top 5 songs on 8701.1 -RRB- U Got It Bad2 -RRB- U Do n't Have To Call3 -RRB- Twork It Out4 -RRB- Can U Help Me5 -RRB- U Remind Me -LRB- tie -RRB- 5 . I Do n't Know -LRB- tie -RRB- 5 . Hottest ThingVote For `` U Do n't Have To Call '' on 106 and Park and TRL !!
 I truly believe that Usher Raymond will be remembered for giving us some terrific love songs and memorable jams . He is not the NEXT ANYONE , but in a category all his own . He is n't selfish and flashy like Sisqo -LRB- all act , no show -RRB- . His music is certainly going to be what I will be listening to in twenty years . Although many have n't gotten a chance to purchase his first album , by breaking into the mainstream with MY WAY , he 's gotten a broader fan base to show what he can accomplish with his God given talent . With 8701 , he 's here to show us a more mature -LRB- as if he was n't ! -RRB- singer , dancer , and all around entertainer rolled into one . He 's in his own words , `` TTP '' -LRB- The Total Package -RRB- . And that 's what 8701 provides us . Love ballads , MEANINGFUL SONGS that we can all relate to -LRB- in love or not ! -RRB- and hot club jams that you can hear in the clubs , or just to play during house parties , in your car or at home . This is a classic disc that no fan -LRB- R&B or not -RRB- should be without . Whether it 's to hear his crystal clear vocals , the rich production , or the stories he tells us , 8701 picks up where many R&B `` singers '' failed to . Everything fits like a glove . The beats match the singer , which is crucial and can either make or break the talent . This was a problem with Tyrese 's 2000 Watts.On another note , this is also by far the best sounding CD I 've heard . Kudos to Arista . It sounds far clearer and crisp than any recent album I 've heard . Usher 's vocals blast through the speakers loud and clear.I read on MTV NEWS that Usher decided to re-record his album due to pirating of his music on the internet . This displeased many Usher fans as they would have to wait some time until it was released . I say , this is the sign of a true singer who cares about his fans . Why make them pay for something they 've already heard ? It seems to me that money does n't get in the way of this young man.Some people may not like this record because it may sound `` too commercial . '' Listen again and again and you will hear a man pouring his soul out to you , the listener . The next time you go to the record store -LRB- not the internet -RRB- , pick this record up . You will bob your head to the jams , cry to the ballads , and most of all , be moved.I really hope Usher continues to bring us great music . If 8701 is a sign of the next ten years in his career , we 've got ourselves a legend in the making . And we should listen .
 ok yall usher hasnt come out with a cd for FOUR YEARS , and now that hes out with a fresh joint he is the new face of r & b. each song has a differnt style and an addicting beat . about 70 % of the songs on the album are written/produced by the soulful singer , and he even executive produced the album . i always listen to the album straight thru , Xcept i usually skip over `` How Do I Say '' when it gets to be about halfway thru the song ... it has more of a latin flavor which i dont really go for , but if YOU do , then u will have NO problem with this song . buy this cd yall its TIGHT . ~ peace
 Hey guys!You have got ta buy Usher 's new cd 8701 ! It rocks ! He is an amazing artist and there is no one else like him . He is the best there is and can sing like no one else in the business .
 Usher is at his best ! No competition he is the best male R&B artist on the market ! Buy this album , do n't hesitate ... you WONT regret it !
 This is definately Usher 's best work to date . This cd is off da hook ! Every Song is awesome . There is n't one throw away or filler song . Accompaning Usher on this great album are Jermaine Dupri , P. Diddy , and Babyface to name a few . Even the Interludes are cool . Its hard to choose a favorite song off this album but my favorite songs are the awesome single U Remind Me , and others that hopefull will be singles soon are I Do n't Know w/P . Diddy , Twork It Out , and Can U Help Me . This is a must buy for any Usher fan and for anyone who likes R&B w/a variety . If Usher continues to come out w/great albums like this he will be around for a long time to come ! ~ !
 Usher came back with a BANG ... He really showed his maturity with this cd ... He showed how musically inclined he is ... For anyone buying this cd be ready for some great fast songs as well as love ballads for the soul ... USHER is awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I am the same twelve year old who wrote another review and gave this CD a three star rating . I realized that it was actually better than I thought at first . So now I 'm giving this CD a five star rating . The more you listen to it the better it gets . I would recommend this CD .
 This new Usher album is one of the best albums out there . The only reason why I did n't give it a 5 is because he does n't have as many slow jams as I would of liked . . However , his fast songs are off the meters . . If you liked U Remind Me , I guarantee you will love this whole album . If you did n't like U Remind Me , I still promise you will like the album . Usher has kept us waiting for a long time for this new album , but it 's definitely been worth it !
 After the multi plantinum selling , `` My Way '' , other than the Usher `` Live '' CD , you had n't heard too much from him . `` All About U '' was supposed to be released earlier this year , but after `` Pop Your Collar '' did n't get too many rave reviews and once his CD was leaked on to Napster , Usher and his label decided that the best thing to do was to go back into the studio for a second time . `` 8701 '' is probably a better product because of this . Even when Usher came out I knew he had potential . `` Can U Get Wit It '' and `` Think Of You '' were always favorites of mine back in the day . `` My Way '' spawned the hits `` U Make Me Wan na '' , `` Nice & Slow '' and the title track . `` Bedtime '' was also a favorite of mine . `` 8701 '' really sounds like a `` My Way '' Part 2 , which is n't bad at all . The 1st single `` U Remind Me '' is more like what people expect from Usher . It is a nice laidback midtempo song produced by Edmund Clement and it is currently # 1 on the Billboard charts . `` Pop Ya Collar '' had nothing on this song at all . Usher has a lot of potential singles on this CD . The Neptunes produced , `` I Do n't Know '' w/P Diddy is a nice collaboration between the two . You know it 's a Neptunes beat as soon as the song comes on . Even if you have two left feet like I do , you will be trying to get on the dance floor while this song is on . `` U Got It Bad '' is definitely reminiscent of `` Nice And Slow '' . The Jermaine Dupri and Bryan-Michael Cox produced slow jam , will have you saying `` It 's 7 ' o clock , on the dot , I 'm in my drop top ... '' all over again . Bryan-Michael Cox also produced or collaborated with JD on most of Jagged Edge 's slow jams on `` Jagged Little Thrill '' . `` U Got It Bad '' is well put together and is defintely going to be a hit . However , the best song on `` 8701 '' and my current favorite is `` Can U Help Me '' . Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis produced this slow jam and this is the best slow song that I have ever heard from Usher . This has a potential of being a single as well but it depends on how many are released from this CD . Other songs worth checking out are the Jimmy Jam , Terry Lewis & James Wright `` How Do I Say '' , the Neptunes produced `` U Do n't Have To Call '' and the Babyface & Jermaine Dupri produced , `` If I Want To '' where Usher boasts `` If I wanted , I could take you from your man . '' With Chili from TLC following you everywhere , I guess you can say something like that . Overall , Usher has impressed me with `` 8701 '' . He is showing his growth as an artist and his fans will be pleased .
 Okay , I 'm going to admit , I was an USHer listener before this , but was n't really into him . I thought he had too much ego when he first came out and later on with MY WAy , but I have been reformed . With talent like his and a cd like this , he has reason to think he 's got it going on - b/c he does ! This cd shows growth on so many levels concerning male r & b artist . Many times they lack in departments b/c their either too mushy , to thuggish , or to playa-like . Usher gives a balance of that with this album . Each song is deep and powerful with meaning and heart . Check it :1.8701
 Usher is continuing to make great cds . His debut release was a bit to slow and his `` Live '' album was kind of not very good , but on `` My Way '' and `` 8701 '' , Usher proves the limits of R&B ; music . Somehow , he combines hip-hop flavor into an R&B ; album . For a good part of `` 8701 '' Usher holds his title by making great songs , but there are some weak ones . The ups and downs of `` 8701 '' are shown in my list below :1 . Intro-lude 8701 - I really ca n't say much about this one , since it 's just an intro . Usher does keep it short and to the point with it , though .2 . U Remind Me - Great song . Usher stretches in this song how he sees a girl he would love to get with , but his haunted memories of a girl who was his worst nightmare come back to haunt him when he sees her for the fact that she looks exactly like his nightmare girlfriend .3 . I Do n't Know featuring P. Diddy - Really hot club song . In this one , Usher tells about a group of girls going to the club , but he has no idea what they came to do , he just knows that he came to party ... 5 . U Got It Bad - I can not stress how good this one is . I am so glad he released it instead of `` I Do n't Know '' for his second track . In this one , Usher tells about how bad life without a girlfreind is , that 's the meaning of having it bad .6 . If I Want To - Keeps moving with the good tracks . In `` If I Want To '' , Usher tells about how he can get any girl , at any time , any place . If this were so , then why does he have it bad ? 7 . I Ca n't Let U Go - Seems theres no stop to the good songs . With this one , Usher is losing his mind over breaking up with a girl , features some lyrics from Jermaine Dupri .8 . U Do n't Have To Call - Continuing hot track . If you have n't seen the video for this one , then you probably would n't know that this one is basically about after a heartbreaking split up between you and your girl , you can actually get up and go out to restart the whole process of relationships .9 . Without U -LRB- Interlude -RRB- - Kind of too slow . Not much to say because it 's just a short interlude .10 . Can U Help Me - Great how Usher can pull out such a slow song and make it so good . Basically , Usher is confused because he bought a girl all she wants and she 's still not happy .11 . How Do I Say - Usher starts to lose his steam on this one . Usher is now trying to figure out how he says he likes a super hot girl .12 . Hottest Thing - Losing steam still . Usher is definitely having a problem at putting the hot ones at the beginning in a row and the bad ones at the end .13 . Good Ol' Ghetto - Starts to renew his supply of hot songs . Usher brings us back to the good ol' days in this one .14 . U-Turn - Totally renews his good song supply . Usher teaches us a little dance in this one .15 . U R The One - Somehow he gives us a good beginning , great middle , and fantastic ending.That 's my introspective on `` 8701 '' , and I hope now that i 've told you about it , you 'll go out , buy it , and make it number one on the billboard album charts once again !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Usher is back and his last 2 singles on this CD `` U Remind Me '' and `` U Got It Bad '' both went to # 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 . This is a very good R&B album from Usher , I just wish he would spell U - you.Usher experiments on this CD with new vocal ranges , and sounds.The strongest songs are the singles that have recently been released along with `` U-Turn '' which failed at radio and `` Hottest Thin '' . Usher is an artist that will be here 10 years from now , he is a strong artist with talent vocally and has great stage presence . `` 8701 '' is a very good R&B album that uses different styles and techniques not going with the same old been there done that scenario sounding like every other R&B artist on the radio today.Usher definitely stands out on the radio which is a very good thing in todays mundane music pop market . `` 8701 '' is a definite recommendation for the Usher fan .
 This is my review of the amazing CD 8701 by Usher Raymond . First of all this CD took about 4 or 5 days to get into it but `` U Remind Me '' and `` U Got It Bad '' were instant favorites because they are very catchy songs and I really like the song `` Can U Help Me '' which describes Can U Help Me get my life where it 's suppose to be and I like the song `` U Do n't Have To Call '' both of those songs should be singles . But in my opinion there should be 4 or 5 singles on this CD , including `` I Do n't Know '' and/or `` U-Turn '' . `` U-Turn is a dance jam which Usher wants U to put your hands up and bend your knees and bounce around in a circle and get down with it . `` I Do n't Know '' is a fast track feat . P. Diddy . -LRB- U Got It Bad is my all-time favorite of my time -RRB- . `` Can U Help Me '' is a slow song which deserves to be a single by Early 2002 . If not `` Can U Help Me '' It will be `` I Do n't Know '' or `` U Do n't Have To Call '' , or even `` If I Want To '' which is a song saying `` I can take u from your man if I want to '' . One of my other favorites that might be a single is `` Twork It Out '' which is a very sexual song and U-Turn Which I already mentioned earler . `` Hottest Thing '' is also one of my songs the song describes when your in a club and u see a very attracted woman and U want to meet and start a relationship with her . `` Good Ol Ghetto '' is a song desribing when U where a teenager and U reminisce about the old days . `` U R The One '' is a song saying or describing `` Love at At first Sight '' . `` I Ca n't Let U Go '' is a song describing I love U so much I just ca n't let U go . Overall I give this CD a A + because Usher works very hard in this CD and It really shows . If U do n't Have this CD get it NOW . . But out of my favorites on this CD I 'll give U my top 7.1 -RRB- U Got It Bad2 -RRB- Can U Help Me3 -RRB- Twork It Out4 -RRB- U Remind Me5 -RRB- U Do n't Have To Call6 -RRB- I Do n't Know7 -RRB- U-Turn
 usher 's back after a 4 year break with `` 8701 '' . after numerous delays we get some fresh new material and he does n't disappoint . usher co-wrote a lot of the songs on here and he croons with that signature voice . he also co-produced the album . his vocals have improved and he sounds more confident . musically `` 8701 '' does n't really offer anything ground breaking but it 's still a great listen . usher show 's us that he 's still `` the hot loverboy '' in songs like `` twork it out '' , and `` if i want to '' . `` can you help me '' is the soaring ballad of the album and his voice is sweet and smooth . the rest are mostly uptempos and mid tempos . the only real dud on `` 8701 '' is `` u-turn '' and `` how do i say '' needed some major editing . faves are
 Usher has been in the game long enough to know that you ca n't just put together a record with all slow or all fast songs . During the recording of ' 8701 , ' Usher did more than adding variety . He added his own style to every track and makes original hits . This album has yet to disappoint me . The cd starts out with a mellow intro and goes into ' U Remind Me ' and ' I Do n't Know ; ' two uptempo songs with one featuring P. Diddy . Then it goes into some of my favorite songs on the album . ` Twork It Out , ' ' U Got It Bad , ' and ` If I Want To . ' The production on the album is great and the instruments used add details to the background music that makes solid tracks back-to-back . The best slow jam on the album , in my opinion , would have to be ` Can U Help Me . ' It starts off with easy vocals and a piano and the song goes from there ; and also shows how well Usher can hit those high notes . If there are any doubts about checking this album out , I would completely forget them . If you are an Usher fan or of good R&B in general , this is definetly a good , solid R&B record to add to your collection .
 this cd is totally awesome i mean i just love # 5 u got it bad it is like the greatest song that i have ever heard that sond should be at # 1 at billboard charts i trully think that i mean usher deserves to make it at the number one spot.i have heard the whole cd and it is great im going to go to sam goodys and buy 8701 by usher . and when i buy this cd im going to listen to it everyday and leave it on when i go to bed cuz everyday i have my radio on day and night so i sleep with music on
 I THINK THIS CD IS THE BEST YET . . THE SONG YOU GOT IT BAD IS THE GREATEST . . KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK USHER ... A TRUE FAN
 great cd . there r so many grate songs on this cd . it was da bomb .
 usher 's okay but not my thing still it 's worth a listen even though he 's a michael jackson clone .
 Its got more of a mix than his last cd . But it really is a good R&B album . Its got a few dumb songs I did n't care for U Remind Me . But other than that its a hip shakin love makin cd .
 I found 8701 really good although there were a few `` not-so-good '' songs . Most were pretty slow , but some -LRB- like U Remind Me , Pop Ya Collar , If I Want To , TTP and U-Turn -RRB- were really good . I would recommend this to anyone who likes some of Usher 's other material and anyone who likes U Remind Me -LRB- which should be everyone !! -RRB- . Overall , I really enjoyed the album and I just have to say U RULE USHER !!
 This CD Is well built in ways but some songs need help but overall the CD is a B + because of two songs `` U Remind Me '' And '' U got it bad '' . I 'm not saying that those are the only good songs on the CD I 'm just saying that is what makes the CD well built . Here is my rewiew on each song . `` U Remind Me '' - My 3rd favorite song on the CD and that tells you that it will be at least one more single on the CD.I Do n't Know - Not a bad song but it is not Usher 's styleU Got it Bad - My favorite song on the CD -LRB- maybe a single -RRB- U-Turn - My 2nd favorite song on the CD good dance party songHottest Thing - My 4th Favorite song on the CD -LRB- nice song -RRB- If I want to - Good BeatTwork it Out - Good songGood Ol' Ghetto - Ok songU R The one - I like this songU do n't have to call - Single MaterialI ca n't let U go - All of it is goodCan U help me - Other Favorite on this CDHow do I say - Good song
 I 've been waiting for the cd for about 2 months now and I was not disappointed one bit ! Mostly every song was good except for one or two were not his style . The songs that i was impressed w / were `` U remind me '' , `` I dont know '' , `` Twork it out '' , `` If i want to '' , `` Can u help me '' , `` U-Turn . '' Those were my favorites , but I liked all of them but 2 !!! This cd is a must get for all usher fans !!!!!
 I got Usher 's CD the second I could today , after only hearing `` U Remind Me '' . His last album was so awesome , this one had to be good too . And it IS . Being a dancer , I definitely look for CD 's with phat beats and this ones got 'em . Not only that but it 's just awesome to listen to ! My favorite song so far is `` Twork it Out '' but then again I have only had the CD for a couple of hours . Get this CD ! It 's worth it .
 This third album of Usher is the best of all . Some of the greatest tracks include U remind me , and U got it bad . I enjoyed looking at the cover at his beautiful face while listening to his great voice . Usher has an awesome amount of talent . He has really done it this time .
 Its about time Usher released another cd . This cd is great , but is missing a couple of tracks that were suppose to be on the original version of this album . Unfortunately since they got on to -LSB- a downloaded site -RSB- , he delayed the cd and took those tracks off . If those tracks were still on , i 'd give it 5 stars . But if you want a good R&B / Hip-hop album , that is n't like all the other so-called R&B today , then get this cd . ...
 This is the bet Usher CD so far .
 Usher went from teen idol to full fledged R&B lover with his 8701 CD . The CD which featured production from The Neptunes , Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis and JD still gets contasnt play from me . The Neptunes produced a lot of the up-tempo numbers on the CD including I Do n't Know & U Do n't Have To Call while Jam & Lewis handled the smooth ballads How Do I Say and Can U Help Me which is still one of Usher 's strongest vocals ever . If you can find the imported version check out the beatuiful ballad Seperated written by Daron Jones from 112 .
 I have always liked Usher but it had to take awhile for me to like this CD . At first I was n't feeling it but after I kept playing it , it actually grew on me . This is n't your typical R&B ; album . It seems more of a party/have a good time CD . And you can do just that especially with songs such as `` I Do n't Know '' , `` If I Want to '' , `` I Ca n't Let U Go '' , and `` U-Turn '' . Of course they have the signature songs that Usher is known for - -LRB- U Remind Me , U Got it Bad , and U Do n't Have to Call -RRB- . U Got it Bad is one of my favorites . That 's a song anybody can relate to and the lyrics are awesome . I also liked : Twork it Out 4/5 - a very nice songCan U Help Me 4/5 - a very nice slow song done by UsherHow Do I Say 4/5 - this song is sensual and on the romantic side , it can definately put you in the moodGood Ol' Ghetto 5/5 - it 's the beat that I really liked than the lyricsIt 's no doubt that Usher puts out the HITS . You can listen and have a good time with this CD . This particular album is one of his best besides `` Confessions . So if you do n't own this one , get it . It might not have that typical R&B ; sound but it is still enjoyable .
 Hey all!The album 8701 is excellent ! -LRB- Along with the rest of his albums -RRB- My favorite tracks on the album are U Turn , you dont have to call , and you remind me.My sister and I have been following his career as a musician since he was a little guy ! And to see him now , performing with the likes of Michael Jackson just leaves me in awe ! Usher has done it all . Acting , singing , dancing , ect ... And the good part is that he keeps getting better and better.We Ca n't wait to go to another one of his live concerts . For those of you who have not seen him perform live I recommend that you do.He does a good job at what he does ...
 If your a fan of Usher or a fan of R & B music you got ta check out 8701 . 8701 has a great mixture of up beat dance grooves and sensual slow jams . The album has twelve cuts including the smash hits `` You Remind Me '' and `` U Got it Bad '' . It has also has great songs like `` Can U Help Me '' . I believe this is Usher 's best album so far and he 's only getting better . Give a listen to 8701 and see if you do n't feel the same way .
 Althought I enjoyed Usher 's album `` My Way '' more , this one was n't too bad . I like the first 4 songs and then another one towards the end of the album . I think Usher has a really nice voice ... great dancer too and I look forward to hearing more from him .
 Usher 's 8701 is the best cd ! Everybody has it and they all love it ! Usher has some nice ballads -LRB- U Got It Bad -RRB- and some catchy dance songs -LRB- U Do n't Have To Call -RRB- . Every single song on this album is good enough to be a hit , I swear ! I mean , MICHAEL JACKSON invited Usher to play at his concert . AMERICAN MUSIC AWARDS wanted Usher to perform . Buy this cd and I can gurantee that you wo n't be sorry !!!
 Usher 's Cd is real good ya 'll . He has had 3 great singles that have hit the airwaves and that should be convincing enough to those who are skeptical about Usher . The three singles are `` U Remind Me , U Got it Bad and U Dont have to call . Get the Cd and cuz you are in for a nonstop treat . One Love .
 Hey ya 'll . I think Usher 's new CD 8701 is like soo good . He is like a GREAT singer and like all his songs are smooth and go with the motion . U DO N'T HAVE TO CALL is like a really good song with U REMIND ME , U GOT IT BAD , HOTTEST THING , song 1 is cool too ! It 's just and intro though ! Well here it is :1 . U DONT HAVE TO CALL2 . HOTTEST THING3 . U REMIND ME4 . U GOT IT BAD5 . U R THE ONEUSHER IS LIKE MY FAVORITE GUY SINGER HE KICKS ... OMG I LOVE THAT CD I LISTEN TO IT 24/7 ALL THE TIME ! GO USHER ! Usher is so cool wit the best flow he got it all ! I know the whole U got Bad song and the rest of the stuff ... BUT I DO N'T REALLY NO THING BOUT U ARE THOUGH ONE THOUGH BUT OH WELL WHATEVER ! C YA LATER !
 Is there anyone with a better voice than USHER ? This CD is very very enjoyable . From his really intricate rhythms to his really honest soulful lyrics , this will be the only thing you will want to listen to for the first two weeks you have it .
 usher u rule ! ur albem rulez too . some songs are great for dancing , such as u remind me , and some make u think alot and maybe feel a little sad , such as u got it bad . i loved the videos of these songs , so i bought the cd and was surprised and amazed ! all the songs are really good and i love them . i recommend this cd to any who likes r & b or hip-hop tunes . this will be ur favorite on the shelf ! i love it and listen to it everday . the song feat . p diddy is awsome and one of my most favorites . u remind me is soo uplifting and the lyrics will stick in ur head all day . i hope u will buy this and add this to ur collection like i did !! : -RRB-
 This is such a good cd , i could n't stop listening to songs on it like
 I do n't know what version of the CD you have , but as far as I know , all copies of this album are enhanced , and you NEED a computer to access the enhanced features ! Of course it 'd work on a computer ! You should 've just gone to the store and exchanged it for a non-defective copy .
 Now I got this cd yesterday and dont listen to the other guy because if you put this cd in on the dvd side you can watch music videos look at lyrics and listen to 8701 in 2 ways . The music videos are
 This CD really blows me away with its slow jams along with its upbeat masterpieces . I highly recommend this CD to anyone who enjoys R & B !!!
 talented indidvidual . I mean I know there are a lot if haters out there and that is cool . He deserves way more credit on this album than he is getting . This album has tracks for all ages on it , be it young or old . I mean if some people would take that time out to listen to the song and the message they would get what the rest of us are saying . I know there are a couple of songs on there that are out there but the CD overall is great . There is a song for all moods on it , Party mood , Sad mood , Love mood , Getting over love mood , Being alright after a bad love mood . I can go on and on . This CD shows a great amount of maturity & strength . I guess I can say that because I have been following his work and admiring him as an artist since the beginnig and this CD takes the cake.Great job Usher you deserve a whole hell of a lot of credit . I am sorry that some you didnt ejoy it . But it really is a great CD .
 8701 is the best album of Usher 's career . It shows that he can sing ballads as well as upbeat tempo tracks equally well . It also lets u into his personal life in a way we havent seen before . U got It Bad and Can U Help Me are the emotional songs on this album and they let u take a glimpse into Usher the human being . These 2 songs show u his pain his heartache and his struggles with love and how hard it is on anyone and how hard it is on him being in the spotlight trying to give the world to the one he loves but he cant manage to give all of himself !!!!! If Usher keeps recording deep heartfelt material like this he will be around for a long time !!!!!!
 Being Usher 's 3rd studio release , `` 8701 '' is a beautiful mix of uptempo dance tunes and lush ballads . I have been a fan of his since '99 with the hit that made him big , `` You Make Me Wan na . '' When I heard `` U Remind Me '' I knew he was gon na be big yet again . And how true ! All of the songs released landed in the Top 5 spot for at leased a week . The secret ? Well , Personally I thnk it 's Usher 's great mix of Pop and R&B , much like Michael Jackson . Producer extrordinnares Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis -LRB- the people that make Janet well Janet -RRB- come up with a beautiful slow ballad called `` Can U Help Me . '' Usher also teaches us a new move called the `` U-Turn '' in a song by that title , which is JD-produced and has him kinda `` rapping '' in it . `` U R The One '' is so darn catchy you 'll have it on repeat . Another great song is the number 1 hit `` U Got it Bad . '' The opening sequence is just beautiful and haunting ... with the wind blowing . This song is pure R&B , along with a great guitar solo in the middle . Brilliant . The Neptunes produce a fine-quality song -LRB- and that 's saying a lot -RRB- called `` U Do n't Have To Call '' which I love ! It has more of a retro-ish feel to it . Like `` U R The One '' you 'll have this number on repeat as well . Also included is the Hip Hop smash `` I Do n't Know '' featuring one of my fave producers mister P Diddy . Other great songs include the irresisstable `` Twork it Out '' and `` If I Want To . '' This album is a must have and definatly was the album of the summer . Usher 's `` 8701 '' recieves an A rating from Eric with this album . Peace out .
 USHER BRINGS IT BACK WITH 8701 , HIS BEST ALBUM TO DATE . THIS IS MUSIC THAT GANGSTAS , SKATERS AND EVEN ATHLETES CAN LISTEN TO . buy thi c.d.
 Usher has an amazing voice . I recently purchesed this CD , having earlier in the year purchesed Usher Live , and I wanted to check out this album too . At first , I was a tiny bit dissapointed with the music , as I had heard the hits , Nice and Slow and You Make Me Wan na before . I thought that this might be better . Instead , I got the same material , with different lyrics . I enjoyed it so much , I bought it for my friend as a gift . I think that anybody who likes R&B should definately buy this album , and not worry about wasting their money . Although there are many songs on this CD that are enjoyable , do n't waste your time , skip to the best hits , such as Hottest Thin , U Remind Me , U Got It Bad , and U Do n't Have To Call . The only objection I had with this paticular CD , is the song Good Ol' Ghetto . He grew up in Tennesee , and , from what I 've heard , in a nice sububurban town too . Has he really experianced the ghetto , or is he just playing us ?
 You know how when u see a music video for the first time , u say , I NEED THAT CD !!! but , when u get it , u like one song . thats happened to me , but not with this cd ! ive seen 3 videos , and finally had to get this cd ! im the kind of person that loves any song u can dance to . 60 - 70 % of these songs r awesome . some of the songs u have to be in the mood for , but i love them all ! if u like hip-hop , p. diddy , and jermaine dupri , ull love this cd . under my recomendation , u should buy this cd .
 8701 is as complete of a contemporary R&B album that you will find in our era . The album offers a smooth blend of mellow tracks such as `` U Remind Me '' , and `` Twork it Out '' , while maintaining Usher 's upbeat nature and ATL style in `` U Do n't Have to Call '' and `` U-turn '' . Confessions is a great album that broke various records , along the way though , it had 2 tracks the album could have done without . In 8701 every track fits the theme of the album , and no tracks need to be skipped . From the infectuous Neptune productions such as `` I Do n't Know '' , to the ultra-smooth `` How Do I Say '' , 8701 is the album that takes Usher to the next level .
 he is soo hott n i love his music . . he is a great singer n i enjoy listenin to his music ... slow . . dance ... happy . . sad ... it all there but this cd n my way they r they bestn i think u should check them out .
 I remember this album when I was 14 . I love this album and it sounds alluring from beginning to the end . Usher has delivered an album that is a real fusion of hip-hop flavored pop and edgy R&B . This album reflects a new level of creative growth , maturity and input for him . This album has been certified 4x Platinum . Remember , this was 2001-2002 .
 This album is why Usher is the next king of pop . This is the reason that `` Confessions '' was number one in 2004 . This album has everything it takes and is Usher 's best work . It is very balanced album that touches on many different styles and does it very well.What speaks the most highly about this album is that the album tracks are on par with the singles and may even surpass them depending on your tastes . The singles have gotten enough airplay to speak for themselves . Out of the singles , `` U Got it Bad '' stands out as a particularly strong ballad . Of the album tracks there a number of highlights . `` I Do n't Know '' is a great dance cut that starts the album with a bang . `` Without U '' is an very well crafted track that builds nice drama as it leads perfectly into `` Can U Help Me '' which is the definitive ballad that every album needs and which solidifies Usher as a truly talented vocalist . `` How Do I Say '' is a Latin flavored song that further displays Usher 's vocal talent.At the end is a surprising track called `` U Turn . '' It is doubtful that Usher wanted to revive that dance craze but it is a refreshing idea for a song to look back onto the dances that have been connected with songs . Not only that but it has a catchy melody to back it up , making this a great track . In a day an age when every song sings about love or some girl , it 's nice to see such a fresh take.This album deserves a little more than 4 stars because it not only is the definitive Usher album but stands with a lot of the greats in history . However , it lacks what every great album in history had and that is at least one truly great and timeless record . Once Usher can do an album of this calibur and then have a `` Billie Jean '' or a `` When Doves Cry '' to go with it then he can truly be the next king of pop .
 Usher is great . This CD is great.The stickout tracks here are U remind Me , U Got It Bad , U Turn , U Dont Have To Call , Twork It Out , and I Dont Know . This CD is reccommended to you if you like Usher or R&B music . This is a great album with fum and catchy songs .
 This is the first Usher album I ever bought and I was not disappointed . The songs on here are addictive and very well produced . The first time I was introduced to Usher was in 2000 or 2001 , when I heard the single `` U Do n't Have To Call '' , but it was `` U Remind Me '' that made me want to buy this album . The song that best displays the amazing vocal range of Usher would probably have to be the sweet ballad `` Can U Help Me '' , but he does throw in some dance tracks like `` U-Turn '' and `` U R The One '' . This album is just as hot as Confessions , but there is something missing in that album that makes this one seem well , more mature . Anyways , invest your money in this album because it is worth every cent .
 i just gave this 4 stars since i 've heard confessions and it 's a tad bit better than this . BUT regardless of the other album , this is a great one too . my favourite out of the album is `` u got it bad '' . reason is because this is the first song that i really really heard from him and i loved it . so now i love him lol . anyways go buy it . it 's worth the money !!!!!!
 What ever he comes up with will always be outstanding . I mean , who does n't like his gorgeous smille ? , killer moves -LRB- that remind us of Michael Jackson -RRB- ? and his incredible talent for moving a crowd ? . Lets face it he is one of the hottest musicians of the decade -LRB- or the century if you will -RRB- . This CD kicks @ $ $ and so does he . I am his # 1 fan , and i 'll never dare to say anything against him , because he simply ROCKS ! .
 ITS MUCH BETTER THEN CONFESSIONS !!!!!!!!!!! CUZ U HAVE 2 SKIP SO MANY TRACKS ON CONFESSIONZ ... GET THIS ALBUM !!!!!!!!!
 Unfortunately , one ca n't listen to any of the tracks on this album here on Amazon . Hopefully that will change one day soon . In the meantime , you might catch some of the tracks on your local college radio station . That 's where I first heard the last song on the disc which prompted me to make the purchase . And what a good one it was . The listless , wistful tone of this cd reminds me a lot of the Sundays ` Static Silence ' album but perhaps even more laid back . Her vocal approach to the songs is gentle and carefree . However , the passion with which she sings is clearly bubbling just below the surface . I read an article that stated it was recommended to her by the producer that she take this approach . I think it works beautifully . I ca n't imagine these songs sung any other way.The subject matter on the disc runs the gamut from first date hopefulness - ` costume ball ' to the demise of a brief love affair - ' i really wanted you ' . Personal favorites include ` weight of the world ' , ` history . as planned ' and of course , ' i really wanted you ' . I hope this exceptional work is only demonstrative or what lies ahead for this artist . Hopefully , her wisdom will deepen even further with the years and we will all be the beneficiaries and therefor , the better for it .
 Hailing from the north-east , Kendall Jane Meade , a.k.a. Mascott , is a pop , singer-songwriter with a voice that just speaks to you . `` Follow the Sound '' demonstrates her incredibly beautiful vocals mixed with her poetic abilities and simple , yet amazing song arrangements . `` Sound '' is thematically filled with uncertainty about what might be coming up in life , how to make decisions , and about whether or not love will ever be right . Amongst these themes , Meade is never clich&eacute; . She is able to take ideas like love and fear and place the listener in that moment before either happens . She sings much about that time of anticipation , of the unexpected moment before a decision or before life is about to throw you a curve.The title track , `` Follow the Sound , '' sets up the tone for the rest of the album . It displays Meade 's fabulous vocals , which carry this song completely . The musical arrangement is simple and stripped down with drums and sprinkles of piano here and there . The song seems to be about Kendall chasing music , but , at the same time , the images provoke a love interest as well . She is a lyricist who is able to combine images in a very unique and thought provoking way . `` Keeper of Secrets '' is a beautiful , slow pop-song with cascading guitars . Meade sings about one 's unknown abilities that are hidden inside and the need for courage to step out and take chances to find them . `` The Rays '' has subtle bass with shimmering guitars . Once again , Meade 's beautiful voice sings of wanting to break out , to become , to be found out in a more serious light . She wants to be known , not in that plastic , celebrity kind of way , but as a human being . `` History as Planned '' is a quiet song about the fact that the future can only tell if a relationship will turn out right . The trumpet on this track is a little dirtied up with fantastic rhodes in the background . `` Costume Ball '' is a perfect pop song akin to Club 8 with fanciful imagery of that Cinderella night at the costume ball . The synth in this song adds a beautiful touch to the song as it lingers behind Meade 's gorgeous , dreamy voice . `` Weight of the World '' is another highlight on the album . It is a very poetic song penned by Judson Ehrbar . It 's a stripped down song that really allows the lyrics to speak . Also , there are lots of noisy clicks and synth effects added to the song.This album has inventive instrumentation , fantastic indie-pop , great lyrics , and a singer-songwriter who is able to write fantastic melodies . A plus for any music lover and their record collection .
 I received this as a gift and was blown away by how awesome it is . I had never heard of this artist before , and I really do n't understand why . She is better than most music currently in play on the radio or music television stations . It is big on feeling and mood , the kind of music that you would want to listen to on a dreamy cloudy day . It is not over produced . The sound is very pure . If you must require comparison before you purchase this CD , I would say think Helium or Mazzy Star . I do n't think I will ever take this out of my player !
 I saw Mascott at New York 's Knitting Factory a couple of years ago and I was highly impressed . I had gone to the show for the headliner -LRB- possibly Shannon Wright -RRB- but Mascott 's sound was so arresting that for once I paid attention to the opening act . Lead singer Kendall Jane Meade sounded great both on vocals and rhythm guitar , and drummer Judson Ehrbar gave one of the best percussive performances I 'd ever heard.On record , Mascott -LRB- Meade 's alter-ego -RRB- does n't quite have the excitement and nuance of its live attack , but Follow the Sound remains a collection of good tunes , clean production and solid performances . Meade 's voice is breathy and demure but not overly sugary , and she knows how to craft great pop hooks such as the catchy descending guitar figure of `` Keeper of Secrets '' , the pretty twin-voice harmony of `` Weight of the World '' , and the high , shimmering guitar chimes of `` The Rays '' . I ca n't stress enough , though , that Meade and her band sounded far superior in a live setting , with a more muscular sound and far stronger singing from Meade . Perhaps she is less comfortable with the studio setting ? At any rate , this is still an act to watch for , and if you 're ever in the New York area -LRB- where Meade is based , last I checked -RRB- , you should look for this act . The recording does n't quite do justice to Mascott 's sound .
 Finally an R&B ; album that actually has both rhythm and blues!Just great . Thank you Maya
 I had the good fortune of seeing Ms Azucena perform live at a benefit in NYC in early March 2008 . She captured me from the get-go with her powerful and moving vocals.She 's bluesy , soleful and soothing . Junkyard Jewel is a gem of a CD . . and a MUST have to any collection .
 Maya is a special talent . I had the opportunity to check her out live and this woman can flat out sing . The title track Junkyard Jewel is a down right classic . She provides a nice variety of slow , mid , and up tempo songs . I would highly recommend buying this album .
 I discovered Maya Azucena when she was playing at The Blue Note in NY in May 2008 . What a fabulous artist ! Her music is vibrant and upbeat . She goes from Rythm & Blues , to Soul , to Jazz , and she even sang rap with a rapper!She is truly fantastic on stage , do n't miss her if she plays near you .
 Graham Parker sits prominently amongst our generation 's best songwriters . Always critically acclaimed , he consistently cranks out quality material handled with intelligence , dignity , and integrity . So of course mass sales have eluded him . Nonetheless he still carries on , like Bob Dylan 's never-ending tour , after some thirty years in the business . Along the way some absolutely amazing gems have resulted from his seemingly endless output . 1991 's `` Struck By Lightning '' is one of these.At least one of the best songs ever written graces this album
 After his celebrated `` Angry Young Man '' recordings , Graham Parker married , settled down , and had kids . This record reflects his new-found maturity . As he 's fond of saying on stage -LRB- to great laughter from the audience , who have grown up themselves -RRB-
 I have nearly all of Graham 's albums , and this one is tied for best . Just about every song is great . The few that are n't great are very good . -LRB- I must say , though , that it did take a number of listenings to grow on me before I fell in love with it . -RRB- It 's not in the style of his 1970s stuff . If you loved Mona Lisa 's Sister , you 'll love this one too .
 This is one of Graham Parker 's handful of masterpieces , along with his first two albums , Squeezing Out Sparks , and this album 's true precursor , The Mona Lisa 's Sister -LRB- Yes , the Human Soul album came in between these two , but it 's kind of an aberration , with a glossy hit-desperate sound that 's in contrast to the acoustic textures of the two great albums on either side of it -RRB- . As many times as I hear it , the romantic one-two punch of `` Wrapping Paper '' and `` And It Shook Me '' never fails to choke me up . And `` The Kid with the Butterfly Net '' is one of the most evocative songs about childhood I know . The album features contributions from other Upstate N.Y. , Woodstock-area greats like Garth Hudson , John Sebastian and `` Civil War '' violinist Jay Ungar , whose infectious contribution to that last song is among the record 's treasures.Even if you 're not sure whether you like GP or not , if you love singer-songwriter music , you will not be disappointed with this warm , heartfelt collection of songs .
 Graham Parker 's best ? No way . But `` Struck by Lightning '' finds him taking a lot of chances and mostly succeeding . He goes from pretty to propulsive to thought-provoking over the course of this fine disc , and a couple country-flavored songs and just too much music -LRB- a wee bit of trimming , please -RRB- are his only missteps . Quite nice .
 You kind of need to be married with kid -LRB- s -RRB- to really appreciate this as a 5-star disc . Being used to a louder and in-your-face GP - this album seemed kind of overly sedate to me as it was released when I was single and without domestic concerns , but I liked songs here and there . But I have really come to appreciate it over the years , as I myself have the same thoughts GP had on this album . Children and Dogs says things to me now -LRB- 1999 -RRB- that just did n't click when I was single . The stripped down approached works.I especially liked the evil circus organ opening of They Murdered The Clown . And It Shook Me and Weeping Statutes are truly outstanding tracks .
 I have long been a fan of Graham Parker and The Rumor . I 've noticed that some who have reviewed this CD mention the sound is so much different . I would think so . I believe it 's the years living in the hills of Woodstock N.Y. that has done so . The biggest bonus of this CD is having his good friend , Garth Hudson of The Band playing on it . This is one fine CD and another musical journey for Parker .
 I not not have Parker 's entire catalog , just the usual suspects
 IMHO this is the finest album yet from an artist whose work is amazingly neglected . Most music fans lost track of Graham Parker in the years since his mega-hit Squeezing Out Sparks in 1979 ; working under the radar , however , Parker has since produced an astounding body of work -- restlessly intelligent , wickedly funny , tender , and multi-faceted . On Struck By Lightning , he turns out some of his smartest lyrics ever -- the guy was always underrated as a wordsmith -- but the range of musical styles is what really impresses , sampling Americana , soul , power pop , acoustic folk , you name it . Great guest stars on the album , too , like Garth Hudson , John Sebastian , and Cyndi Cashdollar . It 's a surprisingly wise album about growing up , yet it crackles with energy and fun .
 This is definitely one of Graham 's best albums . The music is consistently excellent and it 's beyond me why it was n't played on the radio . As great as the music is , however , it 's the lyrics that bring me back again and again , particularly on songs like `` Kid with the Butterfly Net '' , a song about his young daughter that never fails to bring tears to my eyes now that I have a little girl of my own -- `` She walks through the fields/Walks in the heat through the fields/She swings with her arms but can what she catches be real/And when you see her by the water , you see what you want to/And all the chains around you can not keep her prisoner/They have n't been forged yet/For the kid with the butterfly net '' . Beautiful .
 This is Graham Parker 's best , most amazing album . Graham takes a minimalist approach with this outing and performs some of his most intriguing songs with a small tight group of musicians that includes such players as Pete Thomas and Andrew Bodnar , with special guests Garth Hudson , John Sebastian , and Cindy Cashdollar . The lyrics are clever and biting . GP is an undiscovered genius .
 I only recently rediscovered Graham Parker , and I have had a great time catching up on all his albums of the nineties . After a couple of months of steady listening , this is hands down my favorite Parker album , for the songwriting , the production and the performance . Unlike some of his other later albums , like Human Soul or Burning Questions , which are hit and miss throughout , this is a remarkably consistent collection of intelligent , catchy tunes . I think it strikes the perfect balance between his earlier rock albums and the later , more mature themed albums . Favorites include ` That 's Where She Ends Up '' , one of his most unusual songs , A Brand New Book and The Sun Is gon na Shine Again
 Listening right now and given the price in would have been worth multiples of what you can get for.Swinging yet relaxed Kindred is right between the Hawkins and Prez school of sound.Has a Zoot kind of phrasing and Rollins tone.Swings nicely.His guitarist ads a nice touch playing amplified acoustic an his drummer players variety of instruments instead of standard kit.Bassist id thier but mixed back a bit.a gentle little swinger.Makes me think he 'd be great to see live with a similar outfit.At this price buy.Would have preferred all standards but his -LRB- and a buddies comps -RRB- are pretty good.Maybe not a five star but a definite little gem you 'd easily pass buy .
 There are certain recordings of Swan Lake that will endure the test of time because of near-flawless dancing plus modestly innovative choreographic and staging touches . This is one of those DVDs . The only reason I have rated it four rather than five stars is the less-than-perfect sound recording . The violin solo in the second national dance can barely be heard unless you crank up the volume . The conducting , though , is top-notch . Enjoy .
 This ballet is the twin sister of another Swan Lake starring Maya Plisetskaya ... Tchaikovsky
 This is a very nice version of Swan lake . The dancing is wonderful and the principles are good . My only down point is Mikhalchenko . Her technique is a bit rusty . She is a bit old school . But , the ball room scene is amazing . TOTAL DRAMA . The music for the variations of the black swan and the prince go really well with the over all mood . Best version on the market
 Country music is famous for heart-felt balads of love and life 's experiences . `` Down Under Modern Country '' is a collection of songs that represent `` life 's little lessons '' . The lyrics have the potential to truly touch your heart if you let them . The music is top notch sitting-on-the-front-porch country pickin ' and strummin ' . Some of the guitar riffs will get you tappin ' your toes ... guaranteed ! Give it a listen . It will change the way you feel about `` main stream '' country music .
 remedy is from the wu-tang he is one of the greatest caucasian rappers he was discovered by the rza . this man is off the hook he speaks the truth and seeks justice for his poeple of the jewish race .
 I mostly to our versions of Now and I like them a lot . I did n't even know there was a UK version until I saw this one at fye . I bought it -LRB- myself -RRB- for $ 30 ! I thought wow , do I really want it ? The more I listened to it , the more I loved it ! So many great songs ! The only problem is that there are some bad ones . Here 's a list of songs on this CD with my own ratings.CD 11 . Ronan Keating - `` If Tommorrow Never Comes '' B - , sweet song , but gets a little repetitive2 . Liberty X - `` Just a Little '' C , BORING ! 3 . George Michael - `` Freeek ! '' D + , great beat , but AWFUL lyrics ! 4 . Sugababes - `` Freak Like Me '' F , I hate the Sugababes ! they make me so angry ! 5 . Kylie Minogue - `` Love at First Sight '' A + , Nice beat ! Great Lyrics ! 6 . Enrique Iglesias - `` Escape '' C - , really dull song7 . Sophie Ellis-Bextor - `` Get Over You '' like # 6 , really dull8 . S Club Juniors - `` One Step Closer '' B + , they 're okay9 . Nigel and Marvin - `` Follow Da Leader '' B , it 's okay once in a while10 . Scooter - `` The Logical Song '' A + , I heard this song at a Devil Rays game one night ! 11 . Dee Dee - `` Forever '' F , TRASH ! 12 . Flip and Fill - `` Shooting Star '' B + , NEAT ! 13 . Paffendorf - `` Be Cool '' C + , ABSOLUTELY DISTURBING ! 14 . Kelly Llorenna - `` Tell it to My Heart '' F , Bad remake of Taylor Dayne 's smash hit15 . Shy FX - `` Shake UR Body '' B - , HORRIBLE ! 16 . Tim Deluxe - `` It Just Wo n't Do '' A - , good but the lyrics need some work17 . Shakedown - `` At Night '' B , it 's okay18 . Moony - `` Dove '' B , same as # 1719 . Intenso Project - `` Luv Da Sunshine '' A + , I love the hit ! 20 . 4 Strings - '' -LRB- Take Me Away -RRB- Into the Night '' F , OH MY GOSH ! HOW TERRIBLE ! 21 . Mad ` House - `` Like a Prayer '' C , bad song22 . S Club 7 - `` You '' B + , suitable for a Friends episode , I like itCD 2 - The Best Part1 . Atomic Kitten - `` It 's OK ! '' A - , I do n't like Atomic Kitten , but I like this song ! 2 . Britney Spears - `` I 'm Not a Girl , Not Yet a Woman '' D - , OH COME ON ! 3 . Ashanti - `` Foolish '' B , I hear it everywhere nowadays4 . Mary J Blige - `` No More Drama '' B , it 's okay5 . Nsync - `` Girlfriend '' C , I like Nsync , but not this song ! 6 . Christina Milian - `` When You Look At Me '' F , VERY BORING ! 7 . Nelly - `` Hot in Herre '' C + , I like the beat but not the lyrics ! 8 . Ms. Dynamite - `` It Takes More '' D + , GOSH ! HOW DISTURBING ! 9 . Omero Mumba - `` Lil ' Big Man '' A , now we 're talking ! 10 . Aaliyah - `` Rock the Boat '' A - , a very catchy song by an artist that 's no longer around11 . The Reelists - `` Freak Mode '' B + , neat12 . 1 Giant Leap - `` My Culture '' A + , AWESOME SONG ! 13 . Amy Studt - `` Just a Little Girl '' F , here we go again ! 14 . Sheryl Crow - `` Soak Up the Sun '' A - , WOW ! 15 . Doves - `` Pounding '' A + , ONE OF MY FAVORITE SONGS ! I 'm a huge Doves fan ! 16 . The Space Cowboy - `` I Would Die 4 U '' A + , great remake of Prince 's hit17 . Idlewild - `` American English '' B , okay18 . Puddle of Mudd - `` Blurry '' B , same as # 1719 . Moby - `` We are All Made of Stars '' A - , great song , but I like `` Extreme Ways '' better20 . Oasis - `` Stop Crying Your Heart Out '' A + , I LOVE OASIS ! THIS IS EVEN BETTER THAN WONDERWALL !!! What a great way to end the album . This is my favorite song ever !
 Brilliant stuff . 42 songs , what great value . Brief rundown with marks out of five :1 . If Tomorrow Never Comes - OK song . A bit boring and slow . 2/52 . Just A Little - Brill song . Liberty X are cool . 5/53 . Freeek - I do n't like George Michael . This is catchy , though . 2.5 / 54 . Freak Like Me - I love this ! Dancy and cool . 5/55 . Love At First Sight - Kylie Minogue is annoying . This is alright . 3/56 . Escape - I hate Enrique . But this has a catchy chorus . 3/57 . Get Over You - I like this song . Very dancy . 4/58 . One Step Closer - S Club Juniors -LSB- are bad -RSB- . This song is boring . 1/59 . Follow Da Leader - Catchy and cool . 3/510 . The Logical Song - Boring ! I hate dance music . 2/511 . Forever - Skipped this , cuz it sounded boring . 1/512 . Shooting Star - Alright song . 3/513 . Be Cool - Another ok song . 3/514 . Tell It To My Heart - Boring song . 1/515 . Shake UR Body - Catchy and cool . 4/516 . It Just Wo n't Do - Alright I guess . 3/517 . At Night - A dance song I actually like . Cool . 4/518 . Dove - WAY overplayed . Catchy but annoying . 3/519 . Luv Da Sunshine & 20 . Into The Night - Boring . Skip them usually . Both 1/521 . Like A Prayer - Boring song . I 's better then the last two . 2/522 . You - I love this ! Cheesy , but catchy and cool . 5/523 . It 's OK - AK 's best single yet . Very cool . 5/524 . Not A Girl - The worst of Britney 's single . Nice chorus . 3/525 . Foolish - I love it ! Very cool music and vocals . 5/526 . No More Drama - Overplayed . But still catchy . 3/527 . Girlfriend - I prefer the version wih Nelly . 2/528 . When You Look At Me - Cool catchy song . I like Christina . 5/529 . Hot In Here - Catchy , but got annoying after awhile . 3/530 . It Takes More - Cool R&B ; song . 4/531 . Lil Big Man - Cool song . Very cool . 4/532 . Rock The Boat - Sexy song . I like it a lot . 5/533 . Freak Mode - Do n't like it much . 2/534 . My Culture - Robbie sounds cool in this . 3/535 . Just A Little Girl - Boring song . It 's alright . 2.5 / 536 . Soak Up The Sun - The beginning is cool I 'm sick of it . 3/537 . Pounding - Boring song . 1/538 . I Would Die 4 You - Bad message . Lol . Do n't like it . 1/539 . American English - It 's alright . 2/540 . Blurry - Good song . I like a rock song ! :O 3/541 . We Are All Made Of Stars - I like this . Catchy . 3/542 . Stop Crying Your Heart Out - I HATE Oasis . 1/5I reviewed the whole CD . It 's alright , some good tracks some -LSB- bad -RSB- tracks . Buy it anyway .
 Songs for all tastes . Plenty of good ones1 . Ronan Keating - If Tomorrow Never Comes -LRB- 1/5 - boring ! -RRB- 2 . Liberty X - Just A Little -LRB- 3.5 / 5 - catchy pop/r & b ; song -RRB- 3 . George Michael - Freeek ! -LRB- 3/5 - quite good -RRB- 4 . Sugababes - Freak Like Me -LRB- 4/5 - love the Sugas ! Cool electropop song -RRB- 5 . Kylie Minogue - Love At First Sight -LRB- 5/5 - my idol ! Love her -RRB- 6 . Enrique Iglesias - Escape -LRB- 1.5 / 5 - bad Enrique song , its just so dull -RRB- 7 . Sophie Ellis-Bextor - Get Over You -LRB- 4/5 - catchy dancepop song -RRB- 8 . S Club Juniors - One Step Closer -LRB- 2/5 - not my thing -RRB- 9 . Nigel & Marvin - Follow Da Leader -LRB- 3/5 - very catchy , but cheesy -RRB- 10 . Scooter - The Logical Song -LRB- 2.5 / 5 - lol this is the only tolerable song they 've made along with Nessaja -RRB- 11 . Dee Dee - Forever -LRB- 4.5 / 5 - excellent trance song -RRB- 12 . Flip & Fill - Shooting Star -LRB- 5/5 - love this song , reminds me of the summer -RRB- 13 . Paffendorf - Be Cool -LRB- 4.5 / 5 - more excellent trance -RRB- 14 . Kelly Llorenna - Tell It To My Heart -LRB- 5/5 - excellent cover , trance style -RRB- 15 . Shy FX & T-Power feat . Di - Shake UR Body -LRB- 3.5 / 5 - catchy drum n bass tune -RRB- 16 . Tim Deluxe feat . Sam Obernik - It Just Wo n't Do -LRB- 2/5 - catchy but irritating , dont really like house -RRB- 17 . Shakedown - At Night -LRB- 3/5 - pleasant -RRB- 18 . Moony - Dove -LRB- I 'll Be Loving You -RRB- -LRB- 3/5 - catchy , but could be better -RRB- 19 . Intenso Project - Luv Da Sunshine -LRB- 1.5 / 5 - crap -RRB- 20 . 4 Strings - -LRB- Take Me Away -RRB- Into The Night -LRB- 5/5 - brilliant trance song , simply beautiful -RRB- 21 . Mad ` House - Like A Prayer -LRB- 4.5 / 5 - great cover of the Madonna track -RRB- Disc
 this disc is POP with big capital letters . These songs are sharply written with a good dose of humour . the music sounds like saint ettienne on a trip with bis remixing the pet shop boys , but has an edge that makes these people original . the pop do n't stop !
 Baxendale makes pure pop music that is unapologetically sugary-sweet . Lead singer and songwriter Tim Benton 's lyrics and delivery coax you into a beautiful world of extended childhood where you may find yourself falling in love with a girl as the both of you play video games -LRB- `` Neato '' -RRB- or fret when she smooches another guy -LRB- `` oh baby , baby please / do n't smooch in front of me '' - `` Do n't Smooch '' -RRB- . When Tim is n't singing , Senay Sargut takes the mic to fret about cute boys -LRB- `` You Know the Rules '' -RRB- and technology -LRB- `` The future ... '' -RRB- . The music itself is not , for the most part , stuff we have n't heard before ; synth-pop that bounces and makes you feel like doing the same . But you will find few groups who are able to make the formula so endearing . There are , of course , times when it seems that the trio go a little too far out of their way to insert a hook and other times when the whimsical lyrics stumble uncomfortably close to just plain dumb . `` You will have your revenge '' does n't play as an album . It is n't hard to tell that this release is a conglomeration of previously released material and is , as a result , a little uneven . A few songs lose their appeal after the first few listens , but the great songs - and there are quite a few - will stay with you for a long time to come . The US release also includes four bonus tracks that were n't on the European version . Three of them are the best tracks of the album . If you 're a fan of pop music in the vein of Pet Shop Boys , Pulp or A-ha , this disc is a must for your collection . It 'll make you feel like a kid again .
 Taking their cue from the Pet Shop Boys , with a bit of Belle & Sebastian , perhaps . Infectious pop with the synth beat , but unlike a lot of the synth pop sounds I 've heard , not all the songs sound alike . The lead male singer does sound a fair amount like Neil Tennant -LRB- not a negative at all -RRB- . I 'm not big on the tunes sung by the female lead -LRB- fortunately on only 4 of the 16 tracks -RRB- . Most of the rest is very good though . Anything else by these popsters available ? Another plus , most of the good songs are in the 4-5 minute range .
 Excellent CD !!! , The disc quality is excellent and the cover of the album is good . Excellent product I was looking
 While some bands produce `` driving '' music , D&N 's work is more suitable for your funeral cortege . While they may have a new collaborator here , the real ghost that always accompanies them is the spectre of their wonderful work with Galaxie 500 , but they have made peace with it . This cd is never going to touch the heights of Galaxie 500 , but it 's still a mighty fine example of pastoral introspection . '' Music to fall asleep to '' is usually used as a criticism , but let this lull you into dreams with its gentle textures .
 I am wondering why I bought this CD . I find the music sparse and minimal yet I want more . There are no big surprises or monster hooks just subtle nuances of sound and voice . What I really like about the music is how easy it is to listen to and at the same time how difficult is to stay focused on the music and not get lost in some deep thought . A nice change of pace for the fast - pace world .
 This is truly one of the best albums of 2000 . The psychedelia of Japan 's Ghost fits the folkish pop of Damon & Naomi to near perfection . The lyrics are flavored strongly by the spiritual -LRB- specifically biblical -RRB- current that runs throughout without pedaling any specific set of beliefs - more of a glimpse into the emotional state of the individuals found in religious tales . Ideal for quieter moments .
 This is one of the most beautiful and delicate albums out there . It is certainly unique in that it is both hearfelt and innovative . If you dug Galaxie 500 , you will love it . It is slow , and requires a certain amount of patience . Contrary to what other posts about this record say , it is very melodic and very subtle at the same time .
 It takes a while , but after a few listens , any music lover will realize the simple brilliance of this collaboration . Fans of moody psychedelia will definitely find lots to drift-off to here . It is a great introduction to those unfamiliar with Damon & Naomi and Ghost because their collaboration is more easily approachable than their previous work . If you are a vocal purist or professional singer , you may be dissapointed with the `` mouth closed '' singing style of Naomi Yang , but her vocals will grow on you and complement the jazzy mood of the album ... just do n't come in expecting any `` show-off '' singing . The real musical artistry of this album lies within the haunting open-chord progressions , medieval flute and harpsichord leads , and of course , Michio K. 's amazingly fluid electric guitar solos . Any guitar player can appreciate these solos as they often surprise you at the end of songs and totally steal the limelight with his haunting harmonics and sitar-like aplifier effects.my favorite songs on this album are The New World , The Great Wall , and Judah and the Maccabees . Another noteworthy tune is `` I Dreamed of the Caucases '' because of the 60 's psychedelic-rock inspired intro .
 `` Eulogy to Lenny Bruce '' is everything I love about Damon & Naomi . Even though the other songs on the cd are pretty and flow nicely together , the absolute standout track for me is `` Eulogy ... '' . It feels like the logical progression from their Galaxie 500 days , a slow , dreamy acoustic G500 where I can actually understand the lyrics ! I 've listened to this cd repeatedly this weekend , and there 's really not much else about it that excites me that much . I would more accurately rate this cd with 3.5 stars .
 This is by far one of the best albums I 've heard all year , and the music provides a perfect background for the Fall season . Very haunting and beautifully crafted - this is Damon & Naomi 's best work to date . * Highly * recommended .
 Face it . We all know `` Another Stranger Me '' , the demos are n't different enough to get really excited about -LRB- unless you 're extremely obsessed with the band -RRB- , and `` Dream a Little Dream of Me '' is just plain weird -LRB- and will probably end up on Forgotten Tales 2 or something like that -RRB- . What you 're really paying for is `` All the Kings Horses '' , and it 's well worth the $ 7 or so you 'll have to pay . With ATKH , Blind Guardian take up back to the story of King Arthur in an emotional ballad that will awaken your emotions in a way very different then their all-the-more-common acoustic ballads . It 's a great song , and it 's a shame that it 'll forever live as a b-side . It really should have made `` A Twist in the Myth '' , there was certainly room for another bonus track on that one .
 Housed in a very cool digipack , Another Stranger Me is the second single released from Blind Guardian 's 2006 epicA Twist in the Mythalbum . As is so often the case with these import singles , Another Stranger Me features some neat extras that you wo n't find anywhere else.Aside from the title track , the disc also includes the song `` All the King 's Horses '' , a melancholy little ballad that was previously only available on the Japanese import of A Twist in the Myth . Kudos to Blind Guardian for including the song here so the rest of us could hear it without spending $ 30 + for the import.In the grand tradition of bizarre covers , the band offers up its own unique take on the classic jazz song `` Dream a Little Dream of Me '' . It 's not quite the hyperfast thrasher that their version of `` Mr. Sandman '' was , but it 's still a lot more metal than you 'd expect for this particular song . As amazing as Blind Guardian 's studio albums are , I think it is covers like this one that demonstrate just how brilliant the band is.The last two tracks are demo versions of A Twist in the Myth songs `` Lionheart '' and `` The Edge '' . They 're interesting enough I suppose , but not something you need to hear more than once.Also included on this disc is the video clip for `` Another Stranger Me '' . It 's a very professional , very dark and disturbing video that deserves to get some airplay on the Headbangers Ball . One can hope , anyway.If you 're a serious Blind Guardian fan , you 'll definitely want to check out this loaded single release , if for no other reason than the b-sides it offers . Of course , if your digitally inclined , you can purchase the MP3 versions of `` All the King 's Horses '' and `` Dream a Little Dream of Me '' right here for less than a buck each , though you 'll miss out on the video and the impressive packaging .
 The music on this CD is an eloquently beautiful masterpiece of tunes . Stuart Hemingway and his band portray these great figures of music in a way that diminishes the cruelty and unfairness of life ; it elevates the soul and the appreciation for the wonderful world that is Jazz . If you do not buy this CD for its excellent music , you should buy it to support Stuart . For those of you who do n't know , Mr. Hemingway is blind . Even with this obstacle , he achieves a supreme quality of composing and performance . I personally know Stuart Hemingway and am one of his students . He has recently suffered a stroke and was in a nursing home for a great deal of time . Please buy this CD to support him if not just to open your mind to the possibilities of the infinite diveristy of Jazz .
 This cd is so magical . The first piece `` Around The World '' sounds just like the music box I had as a little girl that played this tune . The other selections are just as enchanting to listen to and melt your stress away . I heard this cd at my favorite tearoom here in Tampa , FL . The tearoom also sell some of his cd 's and so I had to get this one . All the selections are perfectly played and leave you better off than a real vacation . This is a definite must have cd . Have a cup of tea and enjoy a trip around the world through the music of Emile Pandolfi .
 I heard this beautiful background music in a small shop at Bar Harbor , Maine . I asked the owner if they had the CD ? I immediately purchased it . Old , familiar tunes are played with such an easy-listening style . It is one of my favorites .
 This is a great CD if you love piano music . Emile Pandolfi has such a wonderful style and it is so relaxing to have his music as a background . A friend got me acquainted with Emile 's CD 's and I have been hooked every since !
 I happen to live in Western North Carolina within range of an FM station in Greenville South Carolina , the home of Emile Pandolfi . The station plays a lot of his music . Let me qualify this . I am a senior citizen and I prefer music with melody and harmony . I have several of Pandolfi 's albums but this one is my favorite . Some of Pandolfi 's tracks get rather `` ornate '' but not on this album . `` I Left My Heart in San Francisco '' , `` Moonlight in Vermont '' , `` Moonlight in Miami '' are just a few of the tracks . The last track is `` What a Wonderful World '' . Though Louis Armstrong has been gone for many years , I still hear his rendition of this tune now and then , and I am reminded of a rather `` sweet '' rendition by Jimmy Durante who was not known for his beautiful singing voice . These are truly beautiful arrangements and renditions of the tunes on the album . The music is VERY relaxing and great late night listening .
 Boy , other than to say `` this is a really , really good record '' or `` this band rocks hard , '' it 's pretty darn tough to get your hands far enough around autophile to be able to stylistically summarize it . I mean , just listen to the first three songs
 This album is very good , although I do n't think it 's their best . There are nice versions of Beny Mor&eacute; 's `` Bonito y Sabroso '' and `` Cienfuegos . '' The songs `` Cara de Guante '' and `` La Apretadora '' are especially memorable , and will have you mentally replaying them all day . There is alot of overlap in the album `` Veneno , '' which I believe is their best . Those overlap songs -LRB- `` Verano Habanero , '' `` Veneno , '' and `` Conga de los Refranes '' -RRB- are super . If you 're not the compulsive type who `` delves deep '' into a new band , either take this one or `` Veneno . '' But you really ca n't go wrong buying both of these albums .
 The album cover and official Amazon review seen here refer to a compilation released on the Hemisphere label and not the album being sold -LRB- BMG label -RRB- by Amazon.Still , both are worth buying . The BMG album is a compilation of NG 's early-mid period and the Hemisphere one compiles their mid-late period .
 Este grupo fue el primer grupo timbero , y el primero que yo escuche . Hay un sonido de la calle habanera que se escucha en las canciones de este disco , diferente de la salsa escuchada en Puerto Rico y USA por inovaciones y cambios de estilo en la Cuba de hoy en la percusion y los metales . El estilo de los vocalistas es tambien diferente , mas agresivo pero sin tener lenguaje en mal gusto.Es un buen disco para cualquier fanatico de la musica latina tropical , ya que de esta banda sale el molde de las bandas Cubanas modernas . Si eres Cubano y no sabes de ellos debes comprarlo , y si no quizas aprendas un poco , como lo hice yo , de esta isla tan cercana a nosotros , pero a la misma vez tan distante .
 Ok , let 's face it
 I had no idea how lucky I was that night in March . I had moved to Pittsburgh about 1 year earlier to work with an exciting , fun little tech start-up company . One of my new friends told me about Morphine and convinced me to go with him to a club named Metropol on the famous Pittsburgh `` strip '' . So on March 12 , 1999 I was introduced to Morphine by watching them perform live in a small venue . I was immediately hooked . Not only by Mark 's poetry and vocal power , but by the unusual bass and double saxophone instruments used . I felt like I was experiencing what audiences must have felt at early Doors concerts . Different music style to be sure , but a dark , sultry , and unusually poetic delivery that does n't come along often.I bought their albums and eagerly awaited my next opportunity to see Sandman and the rest of the band perform again . Sadly , Mark Sandman died 3 months later . It made me think of what he said in one of his songs -- `` Do not go quietly unto your grave '' . I was crushed that I would never get to experience Morphine again , and overjoyed that circumstances had conspired to enable me to see them at all.This album is wonderful as has been described well by other reviewers . While I do n't love every song they ever made , there are a dozen or so that speak to me on a deeper level than songs from any other artist , rivaling the poetic majesty of Jim Morrison and Roger Waters . It is hard to understand why their music is n't more broadly known and appreciated .
 Well at least these guys went out on top . This is one of their most consistent and rewarding albums and they never really had any mediocre ones . The subject matter and lyrics seem like you 'd find these guys in a great nightclub somewhere out of time . The music is pretty simple in its entirety but it 's all about texture and mood and these guys were some of the best .
 By the late 1990 's Morphine was at a crossroads . After the well-received but by-the-numbers Like Swimming the band was running out of ideas . They had built their name on the unique minimalist combination of bass , sax , and drums , but it 's not so unique if you do the same thing every album . Something more was needed . So they hit the studio , armed with a bunch of ideas about how to take their sound to the next level . Singer / bassist Mark Sandman did n't get the chance to see the fruit of his bands labors - he died onstage in 1998 after suffering a heart attack - but his contribution to the album was complete , and DreamWorks released The Night on February 1st , 2000 ; a bittersweet occasion , but one that was necessary for everyone involved . The Night was n't intended to be a swan song , but that 's what it turned into , a dreamy , intimate vibe permeating the albums 11 tracks . Considering the circumstances it 's almost impossible to look at the album in an objective light . Many songs go above and beyond anything Morphine has ever done , like the after-hours lounge vibe of ` Souvenir ' or the Middle Eastern-flavored ` Rope on Fire ' . Violins , cellos , and pulsating organs all have their go ; there are a lot of guest appearances on this album . Most of the time this newfound approach is rewarding , taking you to places the old Morphine never dared to venture ; even when it 's not , it 's still something different . On the albums last track , ` Take Me With You ' , it all comes together - the soft string section , the chug-a-lug drumming , the grace , the general soulful air . Sandman 's voice takes wings and soars . I admit it was a weird feeling , hearing him sing ' I ca n't live without you / take me with you / take me with you when you go ' after I heard of his heart attack on stage . The Night is the most subtle , mature album the band has ever recorded , becoming a somber , lasting swan song to close the final chapter of Morphine .
 When I -- and the rest of the world -- first heard Morphine , the band seemed like a fantastic , alternitive rock sideshow . Back in that heady , 1992 - '93 post-Nevermind heyday , when Cobain and Co. opened the major label gates for hundreds of little expermental bands , Morphine 's hipster jazz rock seemed like just another wonderful herb to add to the underground stew . Their use of the baritone sax was quite a hook.But after three or four albums , you could n't help but think that Morphine had painted themselves into a corner . About forty different songs , about three different musical textures . The bartitone sax which had been their trademark was becomming an artistc ball and chain . It became difficult not to dismiss the band as a one trick beatnick pony
 Some music you ca n't live without . I feel that everyone should have a collection of several Morphine CDs -- well , this is music that most people can probably relate to on many levels . It is , you must admit , beautiful . Lyrics of a beat poet with a deep jazzy sound . The Night , Cure for Pain , Good ... The band reached a high point with their first CD , and were able to match or exceed it with every CD subsiquently released.I 've never really heard anything quite like this band before . If you 've never heard them , you should give them a try .
 A friend of mine recommended this CD to me and I have to admit it was way beyond anything I ever imagined . I have practically worn the CD out listening to it and hanging on every surreal nuance within the deep lyrics and the haunting music . Being a sax player myself , I was especially inspired by how fat the sounds of the saxaphones are ... absolutely incredible !
 most reviews say that this is not their best album . i disagree , in a way . each album has a slightly different feel to it . i can never pick one over another , when people ask . i highly suggest this cd . the songs make a connection to your soul . a friend of mine never really liked morphine , but bought this cd . the music on this cd struck a chord with him , that others did not . that is my point . every cd is a little different , but all are master pieces . if you are not familar with morphine , start here and work your way back . you will not be sorry .
 this album is the darkest album i own , and it is n't even a goth album . layer upon layer of melody go with acoustic guitars , flourishing strings , and downtempo organs . i love this cd .
 `` It 's too dark to see the landmarksAnd I do n't want your good luck charms , I hope you 're waitin for meAcross your carpet of stars.You 're the night , Lilah , You 're everything that we ca n't see.Lilah , You 're the possibility . `` One is inclined to say the same of the late , great Mr. Sandman himself.From the opening notes - sliding bass , subtle sax and spare -LRB- yet funky -RRB- drums , this CD grabs your hand , slips into your head , and takes hold of your soul . The opening title track - the first time I heard it - it 's one of my favorite songs by any group . Damn I wish I knew what it is that he mutters at the end when the song fades out . In fact , I used to only listen to that one song , did n't think so much of the rest of the CD.You might say it grew on me - or perhaps in me . The lyrics to ` Night , ` are the most elegant that Sandman ever penned , in my opinion.The saxophone - I use the verb ` floors ' often in reviews , but that 's because I tend to only review things that floor me . As in make me scrape my jaw off the floor like a Tim Burton hero and just stand in wonder . The sax floors me on this one.The songs are superb . Lyrically - well , let 's just say that The Night stands out . The rest are decent enough , the lyrics work well in each song 's context , even the simplistic ` Top Floor , Bottom Buzzer , ' does n't grate . Sandman 's voice is in fine form , working well in all it 's sultry , monochromatic luxuriousness . ' A Good Woman is Hard to Find , ' calls to mind the scene in Lynch 's ` Twin Peaks
 The Night is almost the antithesis of Gerswhin 's Rhapsody in Blue . Whereas the Rhapsody was a rather upbeat soundtrack for the hustle and bustle of the city , The Night provides the sountrack for the parts of the city that are tucked away . The back streets and alleys ; the dead streets at 3 o'clock in the morning . Morphine had always aimed to capture this sort of sound , and they finally nail it with this , their last and greatest album.Which is not to say it 's an album actually ABOUT the city . It 's about a lot of things . It 's an album about sex -LRB- So Many Ways -RRB- , memories -LRB- Souvenir -RRB- , good times -LRB- Top Floor , Bottom Buzzer -RRB- and strength through love -LRB- The Night -RRB- . It 's an album about The Night and the people in it . It 's full of darkness and fire . Mark Sandman , who wrote all the songs , is truly the Jim Jarmusch of the music world . He 's a ` poet of the night ' . `` You 're the night , Lilah / a little girl , lost in the woods / you 're a folk tale / The unexplainable . `` This album also serves as a kind of farewell by the late Mark Sandman . The grim cacophony of saxophones , trombones and trumpets in the instrumental ` Come on Houston ' assumes an added signficance considering he died before the album was finally published . Nobody could take his place . His smooth baritone was truly amazing . The Amazon reviewer should be praised for the brilliant quote `` it 's always three a.m. in Mark Sandman 's gypsy soul . '' That about sums it up.Buy this album . It gets better every time you listen to it .
 Sadly , we can add Mark Sandman to that list of rock musicians who we lost in their primes . The throaty voice that was one of several elements that made the shady jazz-rock trio , Morphine , so unique was forever silenced when Mr. Sandman died of an unexpected heart attack in June of 1999 . Shortly before his death , however , his band recorded some of their most exceptional work.Like David Bowie 's Low or The Doors ' Strange Days , Morphine 's final album , The Night , has a short , simple title that completely sums-up the disc 's atmosphere . The Night is quintessential three AM music . Gloomy , slinky , devious and suave , these songs sound as if they were written specifically for a misty , mysterious night in New York City or Chicago . It is a sound that Morphine had been exploring ever since their formation in 1992 . The band 's instrumentation of Billy Conway 's tightly-trimmed drumming , Dana Colley 's wavy saxophone and Mr. Sandman 's murky , two-string , slide bass , along with his deep , brooding voice and detached , downhearted lyrics have always echoed with full moons , lost souls and ambiguous intensions.The Night improves upon everything Morphine has ever done . `` Top Floor , Bottom Buzzer '' is the capstone of their series of off-beat party tunes , defeating even their previous album 's `` Early to Bed '' and `` A Good Woman Is Hard to Find '' is another superb addition to that cannon . `` I 'm Yours , You 're Mine '' and `` The Way We Met '' are Mr. Sandman 's most interesting attempts to straighten out complicated relationships , even better than `` Claire '' and `` Candy . '' The title track and `` Take Me With You '' are his best all-out odes to desperation , beating even `` Cure for Pain , '' possibly the band 's best song before the release of The Night . This is the sound of a band that had their style down to a science and was apt to do even better at what they do best . Sadly , we will not be hearing any new developments in this exceptional band , so sadly halted at its peak .
 Released posthumously , the Night stands out as the culminating masterpiece of the Boston trio . The low-sounding buzzing monotonic jazz-rock vibrates from the speakers without becoming too boring or annoying . Dim the lights , put your feet up , close your eyes and enjoy.I was introduced to Morphine in 1993 , when they had just released their classic album `` Cure for Pain '' . The low-rock minimalistic sound with that incredible baritone saxophone just did the trick to me . The songs on that album are quite open to a general audience , with choruslines of many songs like '' Buena '' , `` Candy '' and `` All Wrong '' remaining in your head . The sound was low , but quite crisp and clear . Coming from the sound of their more jazz-like debut album `` Good '' -LRB- 1993 -RRB- it had evolved . This debut album contains some jewels like `` The Saddest Song '' and `` The other Side '' . However , the characteristic baritone sax sound was not that prominent then . I can remember once hearing a live version of `` the saddest song '' during their Cure for Pain time , when Dana Colley had added more sax to the song ; it was great!While anticipation was high , the third album was a bit of a disappointment to me . It was clear to me that the music was evolving further , but IMHO the general sound on `` YES '' was too experimental . `` Free Love '' however , contained by far the lowwest baritone sax note ever striking my ears and I found myself up to my stereo set increasing bass to a maximum to relive the feeling I encountered on the one occasion I heard Morphine live -LRB- 1994 -RRB-
 The Night , a place we all love to be , with this cd of dark velvet rooms and smoke filled lyrics , we are taken aback . To the interior galleries of a departed friend.The title track stands out as a testement , dreamlike yet melodic it takes us on quite the journey through a lo-music landscape ruled by one man Mark Sandman.They are able to journey into the outer regions of music and still be pallateable , hooky and Mysterious.This is a departure from albums of the past , but still well worth the purchase , it has been a daily listen in our house ad will be for some time . It exudes a meditative quality , taking us far out but keeping it down to earth.Mark 's passing was an incredible loss both to us and to the genre he helped so define . The Night Firms that up.From us down here , we miss you brother .
 This is the most subdued of Morphine 's works . Sandman is after new moods , quieter moods . Bass is prominent on this album , as if Sandman has been listening to Massive Attack or something . The sax is oftentimes more background atmosphere and color , with less emphasis on lead riffing or rocking out . It is truly a shame that this will be the swan song , now that Sandman has passed on . The soft desperation that this CD evokes is truly haunting given the context , though , in principle not unlike Joy Division 's * Closer * -LRB- but not in sound -RRB- in adding that special resonance . A stellar final effort from one of the best and most original bands of the 90s . If you do n't have Cure for Pain yet , here is your chance to rectify that mistake , too !
 THE NIGHT is Morphine 's final and best studio album . They push the noirish , low-rock sound to new levels by adding strings , piano , female backup singers , and yes - even a guitar . With all this layering of instruments it makes for a great album to listen to with headphones just to catch every little tasty piece of this heavy musical pie . The music is dreamlike , exotic and surreal while the late Mark Sandman 's beat-poet meets Raymond Chandler lyrics seem to imply and wander around dark themes like lust , unrequited love and obsession . Sandman 's oh-so-cool delivery and Dana Colley 's serpent-like sax even give a romp ` Top Floor , Bottom Buzzer ' a subversive , sleazy air to it . Some of the lyrics are more than a little ironic , given Sandman 's tragic passing and give the album that much more of a bittersweet punch . The remaining members are touring under the name ` Orchestra Morphine ' as a way of closure ; but even though this album was intended to be more of a departure , it brings their career full circle .
 Some would tell you that this is not Morphine 's best studio album , and probably it 's not -LRB- though I ca n't seem to pick a favorite among them -RRB- . But on this posthumous disc from Sandman and company , the band name Morphine never seemed so apt . The low grooves and muted studio flourishes give this disc a shadowy cohesiveness , and even when they experiment with their sound , as on the track `` So Many Ways '' , it pays off.This disc just makes me feel really good , especially the song `` Slow Numbers '' -- so great . I 'd even recommend this album to first time listeners .
 Morphine 's last studio album is also their best . This album finds the group branching out with more experimental sounds while retaining the the utterly sexy low funk of their previous work . There are middle eastern flavors to tracks , creepy mantras -LRB- as on `` Like a Mirror '' -RRB- and some sax that will leave smoke coming out of your ears.This is music from some noir universe -- an utterly cool mixing of the sensibilities of Leonard Cohen , Raymond Chandler and Jean-Luc Godard .
 When I -- and the rest of the world -- first heard Morphine , the band seemed like a fantastic , alternitive rock sideshow . Back in that heady , 1992 - '93 post-Nevermind heyday , when Cobain and Co. opened the major label gates for hundreds of little expermental bands , Morphine 's hipster jazz rock seemed like just another wonderful herb to add to the underground stew . Their use of the baritone sax was quite a hook.But after three or four albums , you could n't help but think that Morphine had painted themselves into a corner . About forty different songs , about three different musical textures . The bartitone sax which had been their trademark was becomming an artistc ball and chain . It became difficult not to dismiss the band as a one trick beatnick pony
 I 've been a Morphine fan for quite a while . And when I heard the news of Mark Sandman 's -LRB- the singer -RRB- death , I feared the worst ... NO MORE MEZMERIZING BEAUTY from the guys of Morphine . I recieved `` The Night '' on its release date and listened to it three times right away . While as a whole , While The Night is not the best of `` Morphine 's '' albums -LRB- this album is different enough to be in a category itself -RRB- ... there are songs on the disc that will become legendary to Morphine fans . The album is simply `` Chilling '' . You get the usual Morphine dose of sax , bass , drum and VOICE ... but with a new twist . There are some unique sounds on this album that just adds to the sad feeling one gets when the thought reaches the brain
 Sadly this was one of Boston 's greatest songsmith 's Mark Sandmans last studio recording before his untimely death last July . When I heard the news it brought back beer soaked nights at the Rat in 1990 listening to a great band named Treat Her Right . A rabid search to find a bar that served Patron was engaged . The rest of the evening was spent in a little place named the Mars Bar , reminiscent of many of the Boston watering holes Mark would frequent late at night.This brooding work captures that twilight creativity . We are taken on an acoustic journey , a grown and developed band tickles our ears . New directions are reached with the addition of choruses , stand drums , and some of Mark 's most prophetic and soul felt lyrics.The Night is a darker album than the sassy low fi electric libidinal smoke filled chapters of the past . Effects slightly bury the sound of a strong voice and previous stripped down listenings , but the familiar brilliance and strength still purvey.Buy this , bathe in this , have a Patron and Orange Juice . Revel in the Night.If you are reading this online in the great beyond , us folks down here miss you brother .
 One of the best Morphine albums ever . The Night , Souvenir , and Top Floor Bottom Buzzer rank among the most creative Morphine tracks to date . The finality of Sandman 's death is woven throughout the album . However , Morphine 's bottom-heavy style has never sounded better . Excellent CD .
 Morphine once again delivers . Everytime I listen to Morphine I am takin away to a dark , smokey , whiskey filled room . There is just so much dark emotion on the album . I would recomend this album to anyone . Just put this album in and just let yourself be transported away .
 It is heartening to hear the thoughts of all the different reviews , especially when most of them refer to the ` natural progression of the morphine sound ' , and how it relates to this album . Mark was always experimenting with different grooves , sounds and players . Mark was never one to rest on his laurels .
 One of the best Morphine albums ever . The Night , Souvenir , and Top Floor Bottom Buzzer rank among the most creative Morphine tracks to date . The finality of Sandman 's death is woven throughout the album . However , Morphine 's bottom-heavy style has never sounded better . Excellent CD .
 Although any thinking music fan must mourn the loss of Mark Sandman this release secures Morphine 's already solid standing as a forward thinking inventive unique JazzFunkLounge trio worth every bit of praise heaped upon them and stands as a tribute to a man who loved life and passed this mortal coil while doing what he loved.From the lush backgrounds over which the almost spoken words tracks flow to the `` funk and swing even if your white '' beat on ` Top Floor Bottom Buzzer ' the disc plays equally well as background or loud loud loud ... let Mark hear you digging his riffs!Visitors to this lucious buffet -LRB- most notable Jerome DuPree on drums and a tossing of additional string players -RRB- fill this sampling out wonderfully without cluttering the straight forward and well executed tunes over Sandmans ` deep like the ocean ' words played on their previous offerings `` Good '' , `` Yes '' , `` Cure for Pain '' and `` Like Swimming '' . But where are the full concert live recordings ? Anyone?Though slightly more funky in places than some prior pieces , this platter still offers the seductive and almost indescribable appeal of these gifted musicians and their gift to our ears and hearts and souls and butts.Have some french frys with pepper and a little red wine on the back porch with `` The Night '' turned up a little too loud and know that for what justice their may be in this world concerning those who live and those who pass it could never be said that Mister Mark failed to give while he was here with us ... Can you imagine Mark and Thelonius and Miles jammin with Buddha ... WoW
 there is no more of an appropriate way for mark sandman to be remembered , than ` the night ' . from the opening track to the last chord morphine does it again . again meaning they topped all that they have done previously . unfortunately mark 's best work was his last . this cd has mark 's heart in it , and i ca n't listen to it enough . thank you morphine & co. .
 Jazzy , smooth , and dark . I was really into this album for a while , lost it along with a bunch of other CDs , and just now purchased it again . Takes me back .
 Beautiful in every way . The loss of Mark is enormous
 `` The Night '' is one of the smoothest albums I have listened to . I first starting listening to Morpnine with the purchase of Like Swimming . I loved just about every song on that album . `` The Night '' was my second Morphine album and after listening to it , I decided to purchase the rest of the Morphine collection . Unfortunately this will be the last of their albums with Mark Sandman . His low smooth voice will be missed . This album really hits home with the title track . I get depressed every time I listen to The Night . The album will definitely leave an impression on anyone who listens to it . If you like anything by Morphine , you will love `` The Night . ''
 wow , morphine ... what can i say but incredible . they 're an amazing band , capable of putting so muche feeling into their songs using just a few instruments . and this album is just amazing . you can really see how they had grown as a band , putting out some of their best work yet . it 's so sad that it is their las album ... i can only imagine what Sandman could have created after this . may he rest in peace .
 Today I heard Morphine for the first time . I am totally hooked . This music is a bit disturbing , but so good . What a loss Mark Sandman 's death truly is
 `` The Night '' . What an appropriate title for Morphine 's last studio album . I did n't `` discover '' Morphine 's `` Yes '' CD until after Mark Sandmans untimely demise . There is n't a day that goes by that I do n't listen to either one or both of these incredibly soulful discoures . Morphine has a gift for creating the most magically romantic lyrics from some of lifes most common observations . `` Top Floor , Bottom Buzzer '' produces a bittersweet emotion that just seems to linger even after the song is over . And `` A Good Woman is Hard to Find '' seems to state a universal truth without a hint of meanness . This band is so cool . How come they are not more well know ?
 The Night evokes visions of just that , the nighttime . Smokey jazz , blues wailing in the alleys . Too cool for more words .
 The passing of Mr. Sandman is made even more sad by the fact that their studio swansong , while it may be the band 's most subltle and lowkey album overall , shows no decline in creativity , musicianship or songwriting -LRB- the title track , for example , is perhaps the loveliest in the band 's entire songbook -RRB- ... In light of Sandman 's untimely death , the element of melancholia which has been an ingredient on all Morphine albums is thrown into sharper relief here . Relatively humorous and / or uptempo numbers like `` A Good Woman Is Hard to Find '' & `` Top Floor , Bottom Buzzer '' provide enough levity to keep the album balanced , but few will mistake this for a party album.I do n't know -LRB- or want to know -RRB- if Sandman had intended to close the album with a song titled `` Take Me With You When You Go , '' but it will likely leave many fans with a lump in the throat .
 This album is my favorite album by morphine . The band mixed it up on this record . Not all the songs sound the same . There is more variety and the band seems to showcase their musicianship well . I finally found a guy singing a song about how partners dont always meet under romantic circumstances . That , mixed with the sax , is the antithesis of the dave mathews band and that alone earns it five stars .
 This is a very soft , beautiful album . I put it in my computer and fall asleep nearby ... it 's undescribeable . Not much like their past cds , this is late-night perfection , inbetween talkshows and driving through dark cities .
 I 've been a devoted morphine fan since 1994 , when i first heard CURE FOR PAIN . It seems i 'm in the minority for hailing GOOD as Mark Sandman 's finest hour . I was disappointed with LIKE SWIMMING ; i thought Mark 's songwriting took a serious dive into pretension . I am pleased with this album ; Mark 's lyrics are more consistent and the music is often surprisingly eclectic , as the band experiments with textures and complex instrumentation . The results are varied and intriguing , with enough of Morphine 's trademark bass/sax groove to please even their most single-minded fans . The only problem -LRB- which is not surprising given Mark 's untimely death -RRB- is that some of the songs seem unfinished , and sorely in need of further mixing/editing . `` A Good Woman is Hard to Find '' sounds like it was done on a four track , with the drums buried too far in the mix to provide the rhythmic propulsion the dark bass riff needs . `` Top Floor , Bottom Buzzer '' contains one of Morphine 's deepest , most luscious grooves , but it drags on about 21/2 minutes too long , stretching what could have been a great 3 minute song into almost 6 minutes . And does anyone else find it embarrassing when mark rhymes
 simply said , The Night is the devil 's coktail party music , deep dark dirty smoky and sexy all the good things you 're not supposed to to love ... as one of my friends always says ... `` morphine IS sex ''
 Sadly Mark is gone ... but this is still an incredible album from an incredible group of musicians . Being a Bari-Sax player myself its so awesome to hear what the instrument can really do , and not have to hear just boring basslines and licks . I think morphine probably have the most interesting bari-sax pieces that i have heard since they are n't just jazz , but are sometimes rockish , ambient , funk , or just plain cool . The passing of Mark Sandman has left me very sad , knowing that morphine will probably stop playing now ... Still this is one hell of an amazing album and morphine 's most diverse and ` complete ` sound , it 's not for everyone but if you like jazz , rock or blues you will most probably like this .
 I had the good fortune to see a few of these songs premiered , with the new `` two-drummer '' lineup , when my GF and I saw Morphine at the 9:30 for the first , and last time , this past year . For her , it was a great highlight because she loved the band so dearly . And that most excellent show stands out in my head each time I listen to the slinkiest , lowest Morphine album yet.The first track alone is worth the cost of the album , but you get the abstract `` Like a Mirror '' and `` Rope On Fire '' , both with their Eastern percussive and musical influences . Very cool . And `` Slow Numbers '' was absolutely incredible live . Mark Sandman passing away while playing music onstage , and leaving us with this final , beautiful record , is akin to Michael Jordan 's final shot winning the championship , you could n't script a more perfect ending than this .
 First of all , notice how many stars this CD is rated . Then , think about everything that 's wrong with your life and listen to Morphine make it all better . It sounds like melodrama , but Morphine 's stuff has really changed my life . The music is an American 's version of Zen , preaching nonchalance and pure enjoyment of life.As for which Morphine CD you should buy , do n't by this one first . I think `` Yes '' is the most accessable to those fed with modern pop . Next is `` Cure for Pain '' with its simple deep vibes . `` The Night '' is the most fluid and perfect of Morphine 's creations , but one has to accept that this is not the type of music that gets a contrived riff stuck in your head . This is the type of music to play while you think or cry or pray or enjoy whatever the hell you 're doing . This is real music .
 I originally saw this album on the WFNX rack in tower records , and for some reason after listening to a few seconds of the album , I bought it randomly . It has still , to this day , been my favorite album in my collection , and I have from there on in gotten about every morphine album besides `` yes '' . Mark Sandman was absolutely incredible . His lyrics are liquid smooth , delivered through a smooth-harsh baritone voice on a 2 string slide bass . The instrumental aspects are phenomenal , the title song , `` the night , '' is officially the most beautiful song ever , between it 's bassy roll , the horse-hair piano , the bari sax , the cello and Mark Sandman himself . Morphine is exactly its namesake , chill and smooth to the bone . So sit down , have a good listen , and melt into your best chair .
 The album 's title gives name to the sound . A dark , hazy soundscape which sounds as if it is soundtracking a lonely , misty night in New York city . Wonderful , low-key rock recorded with Morphine 's odd line-up of saxophone , two-stringed slide bass , drums and Mark Sandman 's lyrics of longing , love and tricky relationships . The Night and Rope on Fire are Morphine at their haziest and best while I 'm Yours You 're Mine and Slow Number remind me of Led Zeppelin IV in the way they use flowing , mesmerizing hooks to their maximum advantage . But some of the songs , such as Like a Mirror and Souvenir of Nothing drag on too much and some of Sandman 's lyrics -LRB- `` I dropped it on the floor ? '' -RRB- need a little fine tuning although most such as the Night and Take Me With You are beautiful . My favorite album of 2000 and a sad farewell to Morphine .
 The Night goes deeper and deeper with each listen . Dark , melodic , haunting and ethereal it may well be their best work ever . Mark Sandman will never be forgotten and this album will stand the test of time nicely . If you get the chance to see Orchestra Morphine this spring , do it ! Mark 's friends and fellow Boston based musicians come together to celebrate his life and pay tribute to his music . Orchestra Morphine is a nine piece orchestra that fully does justice to the songs of The Night . They bring a new depth and fullness to the music that would have made Sandman proud.Goodbye Mark . Thank you for what you were to the world and for what you were to me , in my existence on this planet . And most especially , Thank You for The Night !
 The Night is more than likely Morphine 's final album and it is a fine departing point . The album is smooth and cocky , mixing equally jazz , funk , pop , rock , and lounge-cool . At first not as uptempo or immediately energetic as Yes or Cure For Pain , the listener just needs to spend time with this album . The best thing about The Night is that it is a logical step forward from what Morphine had been doing in the past . Though I was a huge fan of the bass/sax/drums setup , the addition of organ , cello , et al gives the band the more accomplished sound they wanted all along . Too bad Mark 's will not see what is sure to be an enormous success .
 I think when one first listens to Morphine , the music may seem a simple beauty . But subsequent listening unearths a complexity that is rarely matched . ` The Night ' is both beautiful and haunting , and yes , is a bittersweet experience . It is sad that the concert in '97 was my last opportuity to see Morphine live - but fortunately , all of Morphine 's CDs are a pure , true representation , of the feeling and spirit of the band .
 I discovered Morphine by chance one afternoon with `` The Night '' in a friends 5-disc changer . After a couple songs , I had to know who this man with this sexy , slinky voice was ... the CD has never been far from my side since . We lost a great musician when Mark Sandman died . I can only seek solace in the fact that I get to discover all of the great Morphine albums I have yet to hear !
 The shadow of Mark Sandman looms over Morphine 's final album , The Night . I was surprised to learn when Sandman died over a year ago that a new album was basically in the can , and when it finally came out , it turned out to be one of Morphine 's best releases.Cure For Pain is an undeniable classic , the one Morphine cd everyone should own , while Yes was a sloppy mishmash , and Like Swimming attempted to stretch Morphine 's minimalist sound with average results . On The Night , Morphine takes their sound even further , creating a fuller sound than before , successfully recreating the magic that was on Cure For Pain.Of course , Morphine is a one-trick pony . Sandman 's Two-string slide bass and tobacco-tinged delivery , Dana Colley 's amazing baritone sax playing , and Billy Conway 's deft , jazz-like drumming combine for a sound that is completely original , but has sounded a bit repetitive in the past . The Night features some fresh additions to the sound giving the a fresh feel to the songs . Female backing vocals provide an ultra-sultry counterpoint to Sandman 's low , smooth voice on ` So Many Ways ' , ` Top Floor , Bottom Buzzer ' , ` Like A Mirror ' , and ` Take Me With You ' , while gloomy organ chords fill the haunting title track . ` The Night ' , ` Top Floor , Bottom Buzzer ' , ` Like A Mirror ' , and ` Take Me With You ' all rank as some of Morphines best songs ever , but far and away the best song is ` Rope On Fire ' . Combining acoustic guitar , slide bass , and interweaving sax overdubs with a middle-eastern influenced sound , Sandman sings some of the most ethereal , lyrics he 's ever written
 My curtains are black . No sun shines on my face . There is a baritone sax blowing in the voice of wind . My soul is blue , my heart is blue I 'm certain the lights do not work . There is a beat , sexual in the air . `` Yes I 'm fine , the bass keeps me alive '' . Hazy vocals , low drumming , sexy sax Rhythms up and down . As you float in and out of reality . R.I.P. Mark Sandman . Thanks for your Art .
 This is one of those Saturday matinees that ignited the airwaves ! You 'll fall in love with Steber 's assumption of the title role . Bergonzi is at his finest , George London is one of the suavest , most evil Scarpia 's you 'll ever hear . A must have for anyone who loves this melodramatic work !
 I do not think that amazon.com is a good place to buy music from because they do not never have anything in stock .
 This is a great CD ! I love Matthew West 's music ! If you enjoy any of his other cd 's , than you 'll love this one ! The price is also great ! Overall I thnk that this is one of his best cd 's .
 The more I listen to music by Matthew West , the more I want to see and hear everything he 's putting out . Undecided ? Look for his videos on YouTube . Especially &#34; Motions . &#34; I think you 'll want to own everything he 's putting out . What a refreshing change from Christian music that just wants to sound hip . Matthew makes you think .
 Love , love , love it !!!! Would buy more CDs by Matthew West any time . Need 8 more words ... love , love , love it !
 Matthew West is a great artist and this is a awesome CD so i would recommend it for anyone that likes music
 This is a relatively unknown cd that was released before Matthew 's name became a regular in Contemporary Christian music . Although it 's not at the level of his current stuff , it 's well worth the price for any true Matthew West fan .
 This is my favorite Christmas album of all time . I purchased one for each of my kids so they have this for their own collections . This is the music they grew up with . Simply beautiful !
 This is a great Christmas CD if you can find it , `` The Gift '' is wonderful synthesized instrumental music that you can listen to over and over !
 VAI 's DVD , SIR THOMAS BEECHAM IN MONTREAL is a rare chance to see the great Sir Thomas Beecham -LRB- 1879-1961 -RRB- in action as he conducts his own arragned suite from GF Handel 's operas , `` Amaryllis Suite '' , 2 Mozart concert arias with Swiss soprano Maria Stader , and Mozart 's Symphony 38 in D Major , `` Prague '' with the Montreal Symphony Orchestra in March , 1956 . Handel and Mozart were two composers close to Beecham 's heart
 Mark Romero strums strings and soul with this album . Love his music at any time . Let it carry you away .
 This album is very good , although I do n't think it 's their best . There are nice versions of Beny Mor&eacute; 's `` Bonito y Sabroso '' and `` Cienfuegos . '' The songs `` Cara de Guante '' and `` La Apretadora '' are especially memorable , and will have you mentally replaying them all day . There is alot of overlap in the album `` Veneno , '' which I believe is their best . Those overlap songs -LRB- `` Verano Habanero , '' `` Veneno , '' and `` Conga de los Refranes '' -RRB- are super . If you 're not the compulsive type who `` delves deep '' into a new band , either take this one or `` Veneno . '' But you really ca n't go wrong buying both of these albums .
 The album cover and official Amazon review seen here refer to a compilation released on the Hemisphere label and not the album being sold -LRB- BMG label -RRB- by Amazon.Still , both are worth buying . The BMG album is a compilation of NG 's early-mid period and the Hemisphere one compiles their mid-late period .
 Este grupo fue el primer grupo timbero , y el primero que yo escuche . Hay un sonido de la calle habanera que se escucha en las canciones de este disco , diferente de la salsa escuchada en Puerto Rico y USA por inovaciones y cambios de estilo en la Cuba de hoy en la percusion y los metales . El estilo de los vocalistas es tambien diferente , mas agresivo pero sin tener lenguaje en mal gusto.Es un buen disco para cualquier fanatico de la musica latina tropical , ya que de esta banda sale el molde de las bandas Cubanas modernas . Si eres Cubano y no sabes de ellos debes comprarlo , y si no quizas aprendas un poco , como lo hice yo , de esta isla tan cercana a nosotros , pero a la misma vez tan distante .
 Obtuse gothicism blurs and loops into an ethereal wonderland in this hour of shadowy she-spawned eardreams . Rising and falling on eerie waves with vague accents , `` Queen of the World of Spirits '' calls from faraway with her phantasmal moans . Throbbing ceremonial drums resonate from behind the wispy vocal veils fluttering in `` Certain Angst , '' reminiscent of a homegrown Dead Can Dance.A fogbank drone seeps into/out of `` Luna Flow -LRB- The Deep -RRB- , '' its gaseous movements obscured by boiling grayness , occasionally gleaming with mysterious energies , rarely identifiable as instrumentation . So nice to have a feminine force operating in such vaporous realms ! The mist-ified tinkle of metals is buoyed by a weirdly rolling sonic sea in the slow-simmering abstract murk of `` Silver Wheel Flow '' -LRB- 5:22 -RRB- . Muted/mutated strings toll before `` Disorder '' -LRB- 11:30 -RRB- is swallowed in layers of female croonings , swaying like tattered scraps of lace in a twilight breeze.Besides weaving entrancingly dank atmospheres in her Dark Muse mode , Phyll also crafts intricately jeweled adornments at ... eyescreamjewelry ... . The seemingly disparate endeavors are in fact entwined . Both sound and jewelry merge Gothic , Victorian , Renaissance , Medieval , Art Nouveau , Celtic , Egyptian and Pagan influences into beguiling new shapes . Decorate your own chambers with the melancholy majesty of `` Sounds from Beyond the Silver Wheel . '' - Review from Ambientrance.org -LRB- David Opdyke -RRB-
 I listen to dark ambient day and night , have for decades . I 'm not wordsmith enough to tell everyone how much I admire the talent shown here . It 's unique . And in a dark still room in a deep comfy chair it can transport me ! Is n't that the quality we all look for in music ? Take me away ... . And the Dark Muse does so in a variety of other-else ways . The whole album fits together perfectly for a long dreamy trip .
 This is an excellent album . Though I wish from time to time that Phyll would change things up a bit and try channeling some not-so-stereotypically resonant dark forces , what the work lacks in the `` New & Different '' department , it more than makes up for in passion . This album makes for an excellent meditation aide if your spirituality is decidedly less `` fluffy '' , or white-light-oriented than most . I 'm personally delighted with the way that the ambient , at times foreboding sounds contained in this volume reverberate from my speakers , filling the atmosphere with all the necessary tools to clear my mind and find communion with the darker essence deep within.For a real treat , I recommend listening to this one in a candle-lit room with some good incense or essential oil burning -LRB- Dragon 's Blood worked especially well for me -RRB- , and the stereo playing just loud enough to gently envelope the listener in the theric bliss of the night ... Sincerely yours,-Valkyr
 I have been a Stones fan since my dad turned me on to them in the mid 70 's . The first album of theirs that I bought with my own money was Some Girls , and I played it till it was all scratched up . And except for Tattoo You , the past 20 or so years have been spotty at best . Well , I 'm happy to report that this is their strongest album since T.Y. , and rightfully belongs next to their best sixties and seventies albums . I wo n't bore you with the song details . Just read the reviews here and take it from me , you wo n't be disappointed.And if you check out SpookyChick 's other `` reviews '' , you can see that she is very biased to liberal media , and most of her reviews are negative . Just ignore her and she 'll go away . Unlike the Stones , who will be remembered long after Mr. Bush .
 I largely agree with Mr. Bushman -LSB- above -RSB- and am happy to report that `` Oh No Not You Again , '' Rain Fall Down , '' and `` This Place is Empty '' made it into their set this evening -LSB- 01.20.06 -RSB- @ Madison Square Garden . `` RFD '' is the true , absolute sleeper on `` A Bigger Bang '' and to my ears better than other tunes in that ilk , including `` Emotional Rescue '' and `` Harlem Shuffle , '' if only from a groove standpoint . The staccato rhythm guitar -LSB- for which Mr. Jagger took responsibility tonight -RSB- can be truly haunting -- try driving somewhere at four in the morning with this full blast to get the full effect . `` Harlem Shuffle '' was really just a send-up anyway , which I believe was intended to remind the beer-swilling , baseball cap wearing segment of their audience specifically what they SHOULD have been listening to throughout their likely wasted youth ranting that the Stones should play `` Midnight Rambler '' more often -LSB- while ignoring whatever the current release was , such as `` Some Girls '' -RSB- as they attended the requisite Lynrd Skynrd shows . `` RFD '' is the best groove song they 've done since `` Miss You . '' They can remix this thing however many times they want and I 'll probably buy all flavors . `` Sweet Neocon '' SHOULD be on their current set list , but with ticket prices what they are , it 's likely it would p-off a rather large segment of the demographic in attendence at their current extravaganzas . Great song , dead on sentiments -LSB- depending on who you are -RSB- and to be absolutely applauded that the Stones had the cujones to release it . Mr. Bono may very well make Time magazine 's `` Person of the Year , '' writing his largely pointless , mass-media-directed , overly anthemic and histrionic , so-called `` classics , '' but when was the last time he SAID anything ? U2 and the Dixie Chicks the Rolling Stones are not -- and this proves it . Honorariums and White House invites are not on their agenda -- and I 'm glad.Regarding the balance of `` ABB , '' yes , there are a couple of tracks I probably could have continued living a productive life without hearing , such as `` Streets of Love '' -LSB- sorry boys -- it 's trite and contrived -RSB- and `` Dangerous Beauty '' -LSB- which goes nowhere -RSB- . No stars need be deducted for those rather brief intervals.However , in actually * searching * for the warts as I scan the tracks listed on the CD jacket as I write this , I find that there is much more about which to get excited than there is to criticize . `` Rough Justice , '' `` She Saw Me Coming , '' and `` Look What the Cat Dragged In '' are all top notch in the patented Stones manner . Even `` Driving Too Fast , '' which I 'd categorize as a relatively minor song , is refreshing in that it 's but one more opportunity to hear the Rolling Stones doing what they do best , and on top of their game to boot.Based on `` ABB , '' I look forward to the next release and only hope it comes sooner rather than later .
 I am 54 ... being listening to the Stones for more than 40 yearssince I was a teenager in my third world country ... I loved them at the time and I love them now ... maybe much more now because I was able to grow old with them still around ... This CD is great ... and I like it ... period !!!!
 I might be part of the younger generation of music listeners , myself being 35 , but I like the Rolling Stones ' music . This latest album , A Bigger Bang , is just bursting with energy ! The band sounds superb on all the songs . My favorites so far are Rough Justice , Rain Fall Down -LRB- my favorite on this album -RRB- , the solid power ballad Streets of Love , Laugh I Nearly Died -LRB- Mick Jagger 's singing is just dramatic on there -RRB- , Sweet NeoCon -LRB- and Mick is right about Bush 's lousy policies -RRB- , Look What The Cat Dragged In and others . The first four songs are very catchy and infectious before Streets of Love , then the album shifts to their blues and experimental mode before returning back to their raunch-filled rockers . I think that this is far better than the last three studio albums of ' 89 , '94 and ' 97 , as the Stones focus on a live sound this time . The songwriting of Mick Jagger and Keith Richards is sharper this time , at times wild , at times emotional , at times deep . Sometimes , the songs remind you of their 1964 songs , 1978 's Some Girls , a little of ' 89 's Steel Wheels and the darkness of ' 94 's Voodoo Lounge . This is a band that loves to make music on their own terms and this effort stands up to past albums like Sticky Fingers , Some Girls , Steel Wheels , Tattoo You and many others . Even Jagger 's playing on some songs sounds superb , blending with Keith Richards ' lead guitars . Charlie Watts ' drumming is great on here ; he even sounds funkier with the beats on some cuts . Overall , a very consistent and well balanced effort from the Rolling Stones -- few bands can stay together for 40 + years in music and rock so hard like this ! This might be one of their last albums together because it will be impossible for them to top this !
 Rolling Stones release a truly powerful compilation bound to make fans happy . All of the tracks are strong yet `` Rain Fall Down '' is an instant stand out crying for instant radio airplay . Throughout the collection , Jagger 's vocals are rejuvenated and youthfully joyful.The package of songs are destined to be labeled as Stone classics but can easily be considered as contemporary valid . Generation X can discover and appreciate the legendary musicality of the Stones while hard core Baby Boomer fans remain appeased by this compilation . `` Back of My Hand '' is going to gain favor with the blues crowd and `` She Saw Me Coming -LRB- pun on words -RRB- '' is an instant dance rock hit screaming to be played loud . This is , without a doubt , their best cd in decades .
 mmm , , A Bigger Bang , , well is interesting , , in the fact that I 'll remember more songs on this cd since Tatoo You . Let 's start with `` infamy '' , , a funky Keith song , one of those damn songs that 'll stay in your head for about 3 weeks straight . `` back of my hand '' , , a REAL blues number , with real harp -LRB- great job Mick -RRB- , , jam session type of song , think `` love in vain '' . `` rain fall down '' & `` look what the cat dragged in '' belongs on Black and Blue . Then there 's the staples `` she saw me coming '' & `` rough justice '' , , no one , , but nobody can say this is n't the Stones . A couple of Mick ballads are kinda lame , , definitely no `` angie '' here . Actually Keith 's ballad is better , , `` this place is empty '' . Overall if you liked the Stones style since 1969 , , you 'll have a lot to draw from here .
 Many `` professional '' reviewers are calling this the best Stones CD in 20 to 30 years . Some are expecting great things from the coming concert tour based on the quality of this CD . I think they are right.I think you have to be a die hard fan -LRB- one who thinks that the Rolling Stones are the greatest band in the history of rock -RRB- to put up with some of the output from the band . The last live CD was almost a complete waste -LRB- where it should have been special -RRB- . What is amazing is that are 16 songs and all of them are good to great -LRB- well ... except maybe Streets Of Love -RRB- . To have that many good songs on a CD is unusual , and may be one reason to compare this to Exhile on Main Street.The group does revisit many different periods of the group 's past , so there is varying styles of music to each of the songs . This keeps it interesting . This may be another reason to compare it to Exhile On Main Street.The only reason not to give this 5 stars is that it does not explore any new territory . It basically borrows from the past , reworking some of the groups most successful periods . The CD has a very familiar tone to it , as if you have heard it before . But , at the same time , it does sound fresh.I am really amazed by this CD . I had thought the group had passed their creative prime , and were just like many old dinosaur bands , living off the past . But to come up with 15 songs with interesting lyrics and music that rocks , is more than would be expected .
 Two potential catastrophes in the band this summer - Charlie Watts ' brush with Throat Cancer , Ron Wood 's brief descent into Crack over his ex-wife 's suicide-formed the catalyst for Mick and Keith to stop chasing fads and deliver this , their most potent set since ` Tattoo You . ' Enthralling , stripped-down melodies abound throughout the album , but I 'd list my favorites as ` Back Of My Hand , ' with Mick playing remarkable bottleneck slide -LRB- it 's true ! -RRB- and drawling with ` Sticky Fingers ' - like majesty , and Keith 's `` Infamy , '' with a rising chord progression which sounds cribbed from their great '70s Paris bootleg , `` I Need You . '' It 's seems , at last , that they 've figured out they only have to draw from themselves to find the old magic . Welcome back , boys .
 This is without a doubt one of the stones best cds , ` bridges to babylon '' voodoo lounge ' & ` steel wheels ' all were good and had great songs on them and I still listen to them all today but this is a more raw from the others and has a good rough sound that makes it stand on its own . ` rough justice ' Rain fall down ' has some great licks and words to match , and ` back of my hand ' is a great blues song ! what sounds out on this cd besides the riffs andlicks are the tight drum beats from Charlie Watts , and Mick says it straight on ` Sweet Neo Con ` its ok to say whats on your mind!and make it sound good ! ` also . ` Look what the cat ' is a rock and roll song with some great bass and some catchy words , its all good . Theres a reason why they are still around today in 2005 and still putting out great cds they are great at what they do and they make it look easy ! , I do disagree with some of the papers I 've been reading about this cd , its not ` Exile on main street ' that 's ok ! that came out in the 70 's and was great than and this cd is great now , if you like the stones than youll love this cd !
 ... I know , a lot of people say stuff like that , that a band has gone back to what made them , the music they were inspired by , etc. . In this case the Stones have indeed done it , and the result is `` A Bigger Bang . `` The sound of the band is stripped down to its guitar/bass/drum fundamentals , much like `` Voodoo Lounge . '' It will take time to find out if this CD will stand up to the likes of `` Let It Bleed '' or `` Exile On Main Street . '' `` Rough Justice '' is a typical Rolling Stones kickoff , heavy guitar riffs , and a radio-ready sounding tune . Mick sounds great , with time doing little to nothing to his voice.The usual songs of love , loss , sex , this that n ' the other prevail , but Mick and Keith have again reunited to craft some really good tunes . `` Back of My Hand '' is a joy to hear as the band returns to blues , bringing to mind Howlin ' Wolf , one of their big heroes . `` Let Me Down Slow '' is good and `` Sweet Neo Con '' takes on politics , much more directly than in previous works , such as `` Street Fighting Man . `` Keith gets a couple of turns on the mike , with `` This Place is Empty '' and `` Infamy '' better turns than whatever that was he did on `` Bridges to Babylon . `` Whatever the case , the Rolling Stones show they still have the sound , the power and the guts to take on kids that are young enough to be their grandchildren . Am I glad for that .
 The Stones are back , at last . As for the general atmosphere of this record , it seems to look back to their roots , sometimes `` harder '' than the early years of the band
 On Bigger Bang the Stones sound like guys half their age -LRB- actually , they sound like THEMSELVES at half their current age , which is a very good thing -RRB- . While it 's not as good as what the Stones put out in the early 70s , for the first time in 25 years it 's good enough to allow you to remember how great they were in the early 70s . This is the first time I 've actually enjoyed a Stones album on first listen probably since Some Girls , and the first time since then that I have n't regretted my purchase of a Stones studio album . I recommend it without reservation .
 Seamy , fleshy , funky , and bluesy ; these are the ingredients that make up the brand of rock n ' roll the Stones pull out of their bag of tricks on a Bigger Bang . The overall tone of the recording reminds me of the better moments on records like Undercover , Voodoo Lounge and , most notably , Emotional Rescue . Throw in a couple of bluesy rockers that glow in grimy , early-70 's - sounding fashion , and you realize the Stones have , unbelievably , released their best album in at least 22 years.Each band member 's musical performance is very respectable . Ron Wood 's guitar sounds lively and thicker than it usually does , and it adds to how rich the music sounds throughout . Charlie Watts and Keith Richards are so musically in touch with each other here , it 's no wonder that Keith keeps a picture of his beloved drummer above his piano at his house . Watt 's drums and Richards guitar consistently compliment and back up the other ; their playing creates an allure on several tracks that would have easily been less interesting had they not been playing so well together.And last of all , the amazing Mick Jagger . How does he do it . His vocals sound so good on this album . He 's 62 . 62 ? What ? How does he still sound so 1978 . He gives countless extravagant performances throughout the disk . I am in love with that ` hhmmm ... hhmmm ' sound he makes at the beginning of ` Biggest Mistake . ' It 's a sound that sounds both like the 60 's and the 80 's . Of the 16 songs , there is n't one bad song . Incredible . But , I am not going to get carried away and say all these songs are great . They 're not . But even the lesser ones are decent . I 've only listened to the album about three times . With more listens , maybe some of the songs will grow old . But , after three tries , I did n't have to hit the ` skip ' button on my stereo even once . And for those well acquainted with the Stones ' material of the last thirty years , that 's saying a lot.I saw them just two days ago in St. Paul and they sounded so good together . Midway through the show , their expensive hydraulic stage made its way very close to where my brother and I were standing . Though they were still probably 20 yards away , they looked close enough to touch . There they played ` Satisfaction ' and ` Honky Tonk Women , ' two songs I 've heard so much that I 've been bored by them . But the way they played them that night was a far different experience from hearing them on my cd . The instruments flowed together seemingly thicker than ever , giving off an even juicier taste to these old tunes that can sound kind of narrow and one-dimensional . On top of Keith , Ron and Charlie sounding good -LRB- there 's no use bringing up Darryl Jones -RRB- , Mick performed magnificently . When you think of having a fun time , that spectacle about makes up the definition for me.On A Bigger Bang , these same elements are present throughout , the band providing very fresh , lively sounds to go along with a stand-out performance by Mick Jagger . And it makes for an alluring listen .
 This is almost a Mick Jagger album grafted into a Stones album , bringing out the best in the former and plenty of solid work from the latter . Jagger not only co-writes the songs and sings , as usual , but also plays guitars -LRB- including slide -RRB- , bass , harmonica , keyboards , percussion , sometimes all on one track . I have n't seen this much one-man work performed so beautifully on a pop album since Prince was at his peak . On the other hand , Stones fans may miss hearing more from Ron Wood and Daryl Jones , especially after the awesome work they did on the last tour and live album . As accomplished as Mick is in their roles on several tracks , you can feel the difference.The lyrics are awesome , with `` Sweet Neo Con '' socking it to the right ; `` She Saw Me Coming '' giving us a classic Stones double entendre and a femmes fatale ; `` Rain Fall Down '' waiting out a storm with a lover while an eerie , funky phone rings and rings . Mick seems supercharged .
 at their age , And that is what this is all about.At 60-breaking new ground about the definition of who can rockand at what age . Damn good record.Hell , with 16 tracks-how many clunkers ? 1-2 . . maybe?Who else could make that claim today ? remarkable ... your welcome
 This is a return to the great layback production of Voodoo Lounge after the experimental production of Bridges to Babylon . The Stones are great as always . The team of Jagger and Richards bring some of the best written songs in awhile . Even for a bunch of old men they still could rock and this album proves it . Some of the bluesier songs remind me of those on Exile on Main Street . Though some songs are poppy , this is still a very good put together album . Favorites include Rough Justice , Let Me Down Slow , Rain Fall Down , Streets Of Love , Back Of My Hand , This Place Is Empty , Dangerous Beauty , Laugh , I Nearly Died , and Look What The Cat Dragged In . Highly Recommended .
 A Bigger Bang is easily the best album the Rolling Stones have released since 1989 's Steel Wheels and is one of their better albums in the past thirty years . Mick Jagger , Keith Richards , Charlie Watts and Ron Wood let loose and are in great form . Instead of a full complement of backing artists , the album features just the core quartet with occasional backing by touring bassist Darryl Jones and keyboards by Chuck Leavell and producer Don Was . The album opens up with the bluesy and ballsy `` Rough Justice '' that is flat out shows the Stones can still rock despite being almost old enough to collect social security . `` Oh No Not You Again '' rocks hard as well and is almost as good . `` Look What The Cat Dragged In '' , `` She Saw Me Coming '' and the song that garnered the most pre-release attention , `` Sweet Neo Con '' all has biting and angry lyrics although `` Sweet Neo Con '' is n't as controversial as the hype . `` Rain Fall Down '' has a funky , disco sound reminiscent of the Emotional Rescue album . `` Back Of My Hand '' is a bluesy shuffle that sounds like a cousin to `` Love In Vain '' . `` Let Me Down Slow '' is the poppiest song on the album and `` Streets Of Love '' is a nice ballad . `` This Place Is Empty '' is a great , slow lament that features a throaty and poignant vocal from Mr. Richards . Despite Mr. Jagger 's boasts that this album compares to their classic late 60 's , early 70 's albums -LRB- it does n't -RRB- , it is a worthy addition to their hall of fame catalog .
 The best since `` Goat 's Head Soup . `` Just kidding ... My God , relax . You 'll soil yourself . Actually , I really liked that one.Anyway , let 's start with the cover -- it stinks . I mean really stinks . It looks like it was designed to fly into the bargain bin next to something dire like an ELO comeback album or UFO or REO ... But kids today do n't look at the cover anymore , silly me . They do n't look at the album -LRB- another term from the Vinylesoic Era -RRB- at all . They just go to an Apple store and suck at the teet of an Ipod I-Tunes song loader and slink out with their earphones on , oblvious to the entire freakin ' world.Johnny to teens and twentysomethings
 With sixteen songs , the first impression is that there 's got to be a lot of filler here . The good news is there 's nothing but perfect Rolling Stones songs - one after another . The Stones jump around from the pondering bluesy , `` Laugh , I Nearly Died '' to the hard paced , `` Driving Too fast '' and `` Rain Fall Down '' . Some of the fun pops up with the blatantly political , `` Sweet Neo Con '' and the scathing , `` Look What The Cat Dragged In '' . It 's all new , fresh and lively as hell . Producer Don Was does a fantastic job getting the Stones to produce what is arguably their best album in over two decades . Rock on .
 True , I am a bit biased , having enjoyed the Stones for decades , but it was this album that made me realize that hey , these guys still have it ! First of all , you get about two albums worth of music on it . The Stones do n't scrimp on the songs like many groups . You get 16 songs , and each one is good and distinct from the others.Rough Justice is an excellent rocker that starts things off . The pace slows down a bit for Let Me Down Slow and picks back up with It Wo n't Take Long . The next track , Rain Fall Down , has a great little Richards guitar riff in it and excellent vocals . Streets Of Love is a ballad of sorts , reminiscent of some of the Stones ' work from years ago . The next few songs show that the senior citizens of rock are aging with grace and humor , especially `` She Saw Me Coming '' about being suckered , and `` Biggest Mistake '' , about leaving someone and then regretting it . ` This Place is Empty ' is a rocking saloon type love song . The next few songs are all solid as well . ` Sweet Neo Con ' is a weak number , and takes some good shots at the Bush administration 's policies with the typical Stone lack of subtlety.The best thing about this album is that it is just plain FUN to listen to , from beginning to end . How many bands can put sixteen songs on a CD and have each be different and intriguing ? How many can manage more than one or two ? The Stones pull it off magnificently.After listening to this album , I was finally convinced to drop a hundred bucks and go see the Stones live on their Bigger Bang Tour . Not only do these guys still rock hard in the studio -- they are the kings of the live performance . The concert was the best I 've seen in many years.So , to anyone who thinks the Stones no longer have it , all I can say is , ` What are you listening to ? ' I hope to see them again in ten years , and will buy their albums as long as they keep making them . No one can compare .
 Critical accaim has heralded this album as the best Rolling Stones album in decades , not just years . Cynicism and disbelief creep in one 's mind until one gives ' A Bigger Bang ' a listen . The Rolling Stones have reinvented themselves by going back to and improving on their basics . In the process they 've created selections that barely gather any moss . The album starts off with `` Rough Justice , '' a song that gives an immediacy to listeners that they 've been yearning . Surveying the tracks , `` It Wo n't Take Long , '' `` Oh , No Not You Again , '' and `` Driving Too Fast '' are also riveting . -LRB- The latter song lives up to its title . -RRB- They 've also perfected their old blues affinity with `` Back of Hand '' . Not every worthwhile song goes fast forward , though . `` Streets of Love '' reveal a vulnerable Mick Jagger , only glimpsed at on `` Out of Tears '' -LRB- from ` Voodoo Lounge ' -RRB- . He also wears his anguish on his sleeve well on `` Laugh , I Nearly Died '' and `` Biggest Mistake '' . Musically , the songs are top quality throughout , even if lyrically , they come out as a mixed bag . `` Look What the Cat Dragged In '' is engaging even if it is about what we 'd expect from the band . However , `` Sweet Neo Con , '' is good musically , but the lyrics , while sincere , make Mick seem like he 's ranting . `` Infamy '' is a good closer for its haunting atmospherics . ' A Bigger Bang ' lives up to its title . It also does n't follow a formula where many songs seem to flow together with minor changes . Variety is achieved by crafting each song more skillfully and individually . Subjectively , this C.D. represents their best album in a long time . -LRB- Certainly it is better than their latter day classics ` Some Girls ' and ` Tattoo You ' . -RRB- Rolling Stones ' fans should n't be afraid to give this one a try . If everyone bought this album , at least the cheap jokes from Late Night TV would just fade away -LRB- `` The Rolling Bones '' et al -RRB- .
 But ... the reporters who say A Bigger Bang is their best album since Exile deserve a good beating and need to actually listen to the record . I consider this to be the album of 2005 , a great album from the Stones nontheless . I wish they won rock album of the year , but at least they lost to a great band -LRB- U2 -RRB- , and not a terrible band -LRB- Coldplay -RRB- . There are some pretty good tracks here , but I 'm not going to do a track-by-track review because everyone has their own opinions . Now I will talk about the songs that I really liked . These are Rough Justice , Rain Fall Down , Oh No , Not You Again ; Streets Of Love , and Let Me Down Slow . Rough Justice could very well be one of the highlights of A Bigger Bang
 This Album is one of my favorites from the Stones in 25 yrs . They 're are many elements and reasons why , number one the songs , number two , the loose , easy and simple way they approach the songs , while we know they 're getting on in years , you would n't know it from this CD . They play like the young men who loved the blues and rock and roll back in 1962 and 1963 , who commited themselves to a life time of making that music proffesionaly . They play like the young kids who had real passion for this music.Now in my opinion , thisalbum is not 5stars but it 's at least 4 and a half.but since thats not possible , I 'll rate it 4 stars.I ` ts not as good as Tatto You , from 1981 , the year I first saw them in concert.But i ` ts much better than Emotional Rescue , in my opinion , the rest of their albums made since 1980 , with the exception of Tatto You , were not as fun , loose and as easy to listen to as this one.And last but not least , Charlie Watts plays his ass off on this CD , despite recently overcoming throat cancer.Keith 's guitar propels all the songs above where they might not have gone except for him . And Mick 's vocals and especialy his harp playing are great.Also he 's playing guitar on all the songs now . So I think he 's probabily improved a great deal on guitar . He also plays bass on some cuts , and is n't bad . Also last but not least my run down of the songs .1 . rough justice-Very good hard rocker.2.letmedownslow-A nice little pop song , it 's catchy.3.itwonttakelong-Very good hard rocker . Worth the ride.One of my favorites.4.rainfalldown-Good funk and danceable style rocker.5.streetsoflove-Just plain wimpy.It sounds like some of Mick 's solo stuff.Filler.6.backofmyhand-Their best blues song since Down in the Hole , from Emotional Rescue.7.shesawmecoming-Very average for the Stones.8.biggestmistake-Very good song . Mick really bears his soul.9.thisplaceisempty-One of favorites on this CD . Keith has , in my opinion , come into his own as a lyrisist and songwriter.10.ononotyouagain-Above average.11.dangerousbeauty-One of my favorites . Hilarious.Rocks Hard.12.laughInearlydied.-Mick 's best vocal on the whole album.His most soulful singing in a long time.13.sweetneocon-One of my favorites-Again , Hilarious.14.lookwhatthecatdraggedin.-More or less average for the Stones , I 'd say less Than more,filler.15.drivingtoofast-Again more or less average.To me I ` ts filler.16.infamy-Again one of my favorites.Keith , with the Stones are making some wonderfull music .
 I am a huge Stones fan , in my mind they 're the # 2 group of all time , behind the Beatles . You ca n't beat the Beatles -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . Like many others , I believe the Stones ' best was from their debut in 1963 up to 1972 's Exile on Main Street , with the occasional great record afterwards -LRB- Some Girls is a great example -RRB- . I 've got a long review coming up , just to warn you.And no , ABB wo n't compare to , say , Sticky Fingers -LRB- One of rock 's true masterpieces -RRB- or Let It Bleed . And there are some problems with it . But I 'll start off positively with ... THE SONGS THAT CATCH FIRETrack 1
 Best rolling stones album in a longggg time . all loud rock and roll . it 's also available as a dbl disc limited edition with a bonus dvd . killer album - get it .
 Mick and the boys can still get ut up . This has some great vintage Stone vibes !
 good side : much more musicianship on this album -LRB- despite the fact Ronnie Wood does n't appear on 6 tracks -RRB- , good band pictures , as rock and roll as ever with still some surprise moments . Keith Richards ' two lead songs are awesome . lyric sheet . an 8 year wait proves to be more than worth itbad side : `` Under The Radar '' and `` Do n't Wan na Go Home '' did not make it on the albumstandout tracks : rough justice ; rain fall down ; back of my hand ; this place is empty ; look what the cat dragged in ; driving too fast ; infamy
 The album has a great sound and Mick sounds pretty good I think . The songs are all enjoyable to listen to making ' A Bigger Bang ' a real treat . This album made me go and buy some of their older albums . Seems the lyrics were more personal and hip to what the world is like these days . More than just girls and sex . It delves more into relationship problems and regrets . Standout track is Biggest Mistake .
 This album is nothing short of a godsend for Stones fans . On first spin , it is clear that the band is in fine form
 Since the mid-80 's , every time the Rolling Stones release a new studio album , a horde of yahoos publish reviews claiming the new disc is the best the band has done since Exile On Main Street . This is patently absurd and those reviewers need to be spanked.A Bigger Bang is no Exile , it is not even in the league of Tattoo You but it is pretty darn good . I will go out on a limb and call it their best since Undercover.Bigger Bang is a stylistically diverse set crowded with 16 tracks but other than one super-lame power ballad and a political rant thinly disguised as a song , none of the filler is really unwelcome and there are plenty of bright spots . How did they pull this off ? It certainly is not due to any production magic by Don Was unless he was responsible for keeping it simple . This is the Glimmer Twins show 2005-style displaying enough confidence to bang out a record without an army of session guys and a mountain of overdubs.The fun begins with the title and the `` Fascination with the origin of the universe '' press release . You ca n't call these guys snickering schoolboys anymore but a dirty joke from randy old goats is just as funny . More importantly , the music :1 -RRB- Rough Justice - An energetic rocker miles better than recent tripe like `` You Got Me Rocking '' . Really good guitars . Although some of the verse-lyrics are stupid and despite the fact that Mick almost falls into his latter day habit of over-singing , the boys keep this one together marvelously . A good portent of things to come .2 -RRB- Let Me Down Slow - A well constructed mid-tempo pop rocker featuring good singing and reflective lyrics from an old dog still doing his thing . Features a lyric that could sum up this surprisingly good record
 Being a true blue Stones fan , I went out and bought A Bigger Bang the day it came out , just as I 've done with every studio album since Undercover , and expected another good but unmemorable collection of Jagger/Richards songs packaged largely for true fans . Another excuse to go on tour and release another live album . But when I got home and put it in the CD player , I was shocked . This is The Rolling Stones ! You can almost hear Mick 's wry grin in the double entendre of Rough Justice . The `` do n't let the door hit ya '' attitude of It Wo n't Take Long . The funky , almost disco feel of Rain Fall Down . The full blown blues of Back of My Hand , those boys always could play the blues . The searing political comment of Sweet Neo Con . Keith 's sad lament in This Place is Empty and Infamy . Who would believe The Stones put out a real album of hits ? I hope it gets airtime , because this better than most on the radio today .
 Lots of people dismiss the band 's recent studio work as ; `` Weak ... their just going through the motions '' . While recent albums like `` Bridges to Babylon '' and `` Voodoo Lounge '' are not the band 's best , they certainly are n't the worst either . Now , before I go any further , I have to make something clear . It 's pointless to compare this current incarnation of the band to the band that recorded `` Exile On Main Street '' . Yes , it IS the same people -LRB- well , sans Bill Wyman and Mick Taylor -RRB- but the band has changed over the years like anything else . One thing has remained over all of this time , however . They are still the Rolling Stones and they still know how to write some of the best rock and roll songs you 'll ever hear . And , it 's not JUST rock and roll . They have proven to us over the years that they also know how to write country , blues , funk -LRB- among other thing -RRB- and here they prove it once again .1 . Rough Justice - This song comes right out of the same stable as classics like `` Brown Sugar '' and `` Start Me Up '' . It 's an in your face rocker and after Keith starts that scratchy distorted riff and Charlie comes in with that drum roll , you ca n't help but move a little ... or maybe even alot . 10/102 . Let Me Down Slow - Alright , we 're off with a bang now -LRB- A Bigger Bang , if you will -RRB- and this song is as infectious as anything the band has ever done . Pop rock with a country tinge and an infectious chorus in the same vein as something like 1966 's `` Out Of Time '' . 7/103 . It Wo n't Take Long - Another song that starts off with that scratchy , distorted type riff that we all love to hear . Nice mid-tempo rocker with yet again another catchy chorus . This one has also got a nice guitar solo by Ronnie Wood . 8/104 . Rain Fall Down - This one has got Mick written all over it . Sort of like an up to date version of 1978 's `` Miss You '' . Nice dance number with a funk edge to it . Very modern sounding . My only complaint is that I think it 's a tad bit too long . 7/105 . Streets Of Love - Another song that obviously came from Mick . When I first heard this song on the radio , I did n't know what to think of it . It had a catchy chorus but overall it sounded a little too sappy to be a Stones song . However , hearing it on the album has changed my opinion and now I can see that it 's a nice power ballad . Acoustic guitar driven verses , dynamic chorus with a hook you wo n't soon forget and an epic sounding guitar bit in the middle . Not their greatest ballad , but not their worst . 7/106 . Back Of My Hand - This is the band doing what they do best . Straight blues . No gimmicks , nothing . I 'd love to hear the band write more songs like this . Sounds like it came straight out of the delta with it 's swampy sound . Great . 10/107 . She Saw Me Coming - This could be released as a single -LRB- who knows , maybe it will be -RRB- . Catchy guitar riff , uptempo with a happy vibe throughout the whole track . Call and response chorus . Stones once again doing those ` Fun Tracks ' that they do so well . This is one of those ` Summer Songs ' . 7.5 / 108 . Biggest Mistake - Not quite a ballad , more of a pop rock tune with a country tinge -LRB- However , not like `` Let Me Down Slow '' -RRB- . Nice sounding tune that sound 's like it could have been on one of Mick 's solo albums . Keith can be heard on backing vocals throughout the song and that 's an automatic plus right there . 7/109 . This Place Is Empty - Piano based track sung by Keith Richards . It 's a ballad , but that 's okay because he does them so well ! His voice sounds nice and husky and sets the mood of the song nicely . There have been complaints about Keith only doing ballads , but this is one of his better ones folks . This is another song on the album with a nice chorus . 7/1010 . Oh No Not You Again - My absolute favorite on the album . A fast paced hard rocker that would not have been out of place on their 1978 album `` Some Girls '' . Mick spits out the vocals with venom and Keith and Ronnie play with that crunchy `` Stones Guitar Sound '' . And Charlie Watts man , he 's never been better . An excerpt from the chorus
 I 've been listening to ' A Bigger Bang ' for over a week now.Overall , I think it 's the Stones doing what they do best , and if you 're not somebody who thinks their last worthwhile album was ` Exile On Main Street ' , you will find much to appreciate and enjoy.It 's pretty much stripped down gritty rockers with Keith Richard 's raspy and raw guitar playing happily present in great abundance.Among other revelations is Mick playing SLIDE GUITAR on several numbers , and he 's surpisingly quite good at it . -LRB- Ron Wood contributes his signature slide also on many tracks . -RRB- There are one or two requisite ballads -LRB- pretty good -RRB- , and a couple of ` funk ' tracks -LRB- good too -RRB- , but mostly it 's just the five Stones chugging away in typical glorious Stones fashion like they 're playing in some dank , smokey barroom or club.Even Keith 's two songs sound like Stones songs and not ` X-Pensive Winos ' outtakes like they have on recent albums.I think it holds up very well with the Stones best work , and at the same time , hangs in there with other good stuff out there these days -LRB- I 'm also a large fan of The White Stripes and Greenday -RRB- . Personally , I 'm pleased the Stones have ditched the horns , backup singers , and ` pro-tools ' style production on ' A Bigger Bang ' . Many tracks sound almost like ` live demos ' , with a minimum of over-dubbing . This is the Rolling Stones as they are best experienced , and a reminder why they ever mattered in the first place.Listen to it with an open mind , and disregard all the moronic commentary going around about the Stones being ` too old ' to cut it anymore.If you like the Stones , and just gritty , raw and honest rock and roll , the Stones show they can still deliver the goods with this one .
 As much as I hate to admit it , I 've been buying Rolling Stones albums and CD 's since 1964 ! Yep , that 's what 56 years old does to you . I remember seeing them in NY back in 1966 with The Standells and Ronettes at the old Forest Hills Tennis Stadium and Madison Square Garden in 1969 with Stevie Wonder and The Ike and Tina Turner Revue.I 've bought every Stones release and got ta admit that this is the best one I 've heard since `` Exile On Main Street '' from 1972 . This CD rocks , the energy level is high and it feels like the Stones I remember from back in the `` Sticky Fingers '' days.I highly recommend it , good rocking stuff !
 Foreword/warning : I rarely find the energy to write an `` extensive '' review . Most reviews on Amazon.com cover the wide range of opinions and critiques by music fans over the world so I never bother with submitting one of my own . However , every now and then an album comes along that inspires me enough to believe that I have something to say and there is someone somewhere that would like to listen . Abattoir Blues & The Lyre of Orpheus by Nick Cave & the Bad Seeds was the last to do get me out of my seat . -LRB- By the time I got around to reviewing U2 's How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb it had been released for over two months . -RRB- That being said , it 's time for me to dust off the old typewriter and make some noise . --------------------------------------------------------------- Ladies and gentlemen of the jury , let it go.The Stones will never make another Exile . If you accept that - just as they probably have - you will enjoy this album . Mick 's voice catwalks up and down these songs with attitude , funk , and rockensoul . One riff from Keef leaves you addicted and dares anyone to face the withdrawal symptoms . Ronnie Wood accents the album with his humble slides and natural pickings . Last but not in any way least there 's Charlie Watts coming at you with everything he 's got . The former cancer patient drives every song mercilessly like some veteran cabbie who knows the right way that ultimately becomes the only way . A Bigger Bang is what happens when you put these four force five hurricanes in one room together and let the tape roll . -LRB- In regards to length , I have edited my comments and left those that I personally wanted to be read . -RRB- 1 . `` Rough Justice '' - When Mick sings , `` One time you were my baby chicken , now you 've grown into a fox/Once upon a time I was your little rooster , but now I 'm just one of your cocks '' one can not help but hear The Strokes , Vines , and Hives being put in their place . Dynamite kickoff .5 . `` Streets of Love '' - A wonderful heartbreaker . Traditional chords and atmosphere that makes you feel like your walking down a damp empty street . Bravo lyrics
 The Stones really kicked it up a notch on this disc . Bridges to Babylon seemed a bit overproduced but this returns the Stones to the raw edgy sounds of yesteryear . This disc has some of the best guitar work since Somegirls . Tunes such as `` Let Me Down Slow '' , `` Biggest Mistake '' , `` Oh No Not You Again '' and the hard driving rocker `` Dangerous Beauty '' really keep the pace going on this wonderful disc . Track 4 `` Rain Falls Down '' is fantastic funk in the Stones style . Mick , Keith and Ronnie 's guitars sound like they have something to prove and Charlies drumming is the best it has been in years . I really do not know where this band get their energy . They sound fresh , dedicated and sounds like they have no intention to rest on thier laurals . Once again , the Stones prove that they still are relevant and are more than capable to put out a product that is far superior to anything else that being recorded these days . Way to go Boys !!!!! keep on rockin !!!!
 I will just chime in here and say what everyone else is saying
 Every Stones album since Some Girls has had 2 or 3 or more absolutely outstanding tracks , but often the albums have been spotty . I 'm not sure this is the best since Tattoo You -- I 'm still giving that nod to Voodoo Lounge -- but it is a far stronger album than anyone had any right to expect . There are two kinds of Stones songs ; the ones that sound like the radio songs , and the great album tracks that many never hear . This one is jam packed with the latter kind ; more `` Always Suffering '' than `` Start Me Up . '' For me , though , those are the songs I 'm buying the record for . Charlie Watts was recovering from throat cancer surgery during the formative stages of this record , and I think his brush with mortality had a profound effect on Mick and Keith , pushing them together for their closest working sessions in years . The urgency and proximity shows ; this is a record that sounds like old rockers kicking back against mortality , and the result is uplifting ; nothing new , but a hell of a take on the tried and true.My haiku review : old blues cats get downno new ground broken ; just oldground , tastefully trod `` Rough Justice '' will be immediately recognizable as Big Riff Stones Rocker Single . Like Motown , the Stones often kick off the records with the obvious single , rope you in right away . `` Let Me Down Slow '' is a sloppy -LRB- in a good way -RRB- , propulsive shimmy reminiscent of `` She 's So Cold , '' with nice guitar work tastefully layered throughout . This one features the 5-man line-up of Mick , Keith , Woody , Watts and bassist Darryl Jones ; Keith 's shredded-voice backing vocals are a delight . That this is a better song than the opener is the reason you buy Stones albums ; because there are great nuggets liberally dispersed throughout , songs like this . `` It Wo n't Take Long '' would not be missed . `` Rain Fall Down '' will probably be a good live vehicle , as Woody will stretch out on guitar ; on record it is a funk groove that they 've done better before , but which works its way into your feet by the time it 's over . `` Streets of Love '' is the Jagger ballad , reminiscent of `` Indian Girl '' or `` Already Over Me . '' The falsetto `` Ha ` ya-yas '' on the chorus totally make the song ; a very Emotional Rescue vibe . `` Back of My Hand '' is a straight one-chord blues , just Jagger , Richards and Watts , highlighted by Jagger 's harp playing . Charlie 's touch is especially light , and the feel is Muddy Waters , `` I 'm a Man . '' `` She Saw Me Coming '' has some sweet Keith guitar simmering just underneath the surface , and his vocals -- I can not in good conscious call them `` harmony '' vocals -- beef up Jagger 's attack . A heavy riff away from being a classic Stones rocker . Funny lyric . `` Biggest Mistake '' is the kind of Jagger tune that has been populating the second half of their albums for the last 25 years ; easy and laid back , with a great hook ; a little gem . `` This Place is Empty '' is the first of two Keith lead vocals , just Mick , Keith , and Charlie , with Don Was on piano ; Jagger plays a nice slide guitar -LRB- ! -RRB- `` Oh No , Not You Again '' is a strutting rocker featuring the core fivesome that wants to be on the radio . The radio can have it . Familiar enough to appeal to the casual listener , but almost generic next to some of the richer work here . `` Dangerous Beauty , '' also with just Mick , Keith and Charlie , is another straightforward rocker , a format that really is too easy for these guys at this point . Evocative of `` You Got Me Rocking . '' `` Laugh , I Nearly Died '' is a softer , minor key song where Keith 's guitar chording speaks with the eloquence of years . Charlie 's rock steady beat anchors this one with deftness and ease . Jagger sort of overdoes it , but the song is a triumph . `` Sweet Neo Con '' is the controversial track here . Bands like the Stones were political all the time in the 60s -LRB- `` Street Fighting Man '' -RRB- , but nowadays such a blunt diatribe seems shocking -LRB- although nowadays there are a lot more cuss words . -RRB- Regardless of your political leanings , it remains difficult to both totally rock and espouse a political world view , unless you 're the Clash . I ca n't help but think the same track with a different lyric would be a better song -LRB- and I agree with the politics -RRB- ; nice piercing harp and snarling lick from Keith . `` Look What the Cat Dragged In '' is a servicable enough but disposable uptempo rocker . `` Driving Too Fast , '' like `` Brand New Car '' and `` Black Limousine , '' proves that the Stones ca n't make a bad song about cars ; Woody and Keith get busy on guitar throughout . `` Infamy , '' the second Keith vocal and album closer , is not the show-stopper that some of his other album closers were -LRB- `` Slipping Away , '' `` How Can I Stop . '' -RRB- Interestingly , Woody is n't on either Keith showcase . A good groove tune in the vein of his Talk is Cheap work , but it would probably play better in the middle of the record than at the end.Basically , this is an extremely strong 45-minute album stretched out over 64 minutes . Like most recent Stones records , there are more than enough top-flight songs to make this worthwhile . It is n't earth shattering , but it is earth rump-shaking . Not bad for a bunch of old geysers . Ronnie Wood is less of a presence than usual -LRB- he says he cut his tracks in 4 days -RRB- , which is unfortunate , but he is deployed quite judiciously on the songs he plays on , and as always is a perfect foil for Keith . And the groove which Jagger , Keith and Watts lock onto when they work together alone more than makes up for Woody 's absence on several tracks.Finally , Don Was produces by largely staying out of the way , which is right . These guys know how to make a record , know how to sound like they sound . The last one they did with Was , 1997 's Bridges to Babylon , had too much affect ; this one is just the Stones sounding like the Stones . So if you like the Stones , you 'll like it .
 I , too , would like to weigh in on the new Stones album . It has a tight , funky , stripped down feel that has been missing for years ! It is good old rock n ' roll done by masters . As for , Ms. Spooky , `` a bunch of old British dudes '' certainly has not just the right , but the responsibility to speak out against Bush 's crimes . Her president , after all , did drag the UK into his illegal and immoral bloodbath in Iraq . British , American and , indeed all citizens of the world must speak out against not just the Iraq tragedy , but against all of the arrogant , greedy , heartless policies of this administration . Back to the Stones
 I 'm waiting for the complete Rolling Stones to come out . Until then , I 'm ensuring that I have my favorite albums in perfect working order .
 the much awaited , critically acclaimed `` a bigger bang '' is finally out . critics seem to think this is the best record by the stones in many years . for some it 's the best of the past 20 years -LRB- during which the production of the stones was not that great anyway , with the possible exception of talk is cheap by keith or wandering spirit by sir mick -RRB- , of the past 25 years and even of the past 30 years.the record is good . keith 's two songs are nice and mick 's doing some very good stuff . the stones are rocking and they can play the blues like no other . fine . but is this record better than tattoo you or some girls ? frankly i do n't think so . i might be wrong but rough justice is in no way as intriguing as start me up , beast of burden , before they make me run . NO WAY.The only thing that seems a bit puzling about this stones record is that in spite of the fact that keith and mick have allegedly co-written all the songs together -LRB- sometihng which had not happened in years -RRB- , some songs sound very much like mick 's goddess in the doorway -- a record that did not add much to mick 's illustrious career . so why did they put some GITD-like songs in a bigger bang ? the thing is a bit puzzling , but the record is ok and worth listening too .
 This CD reminds me a lot of the Emotional Rescue album . Mick Jagger is somehow able to turn a phrase and make it sound cool eventhough the words are mundane , as in one line that starts out `` she makes me eggs ... '' . The only song that is n't cool on here is the one with Keith Richards singing . His voice has definitely reached the `` I need to be in a skilled nursing facility '' calibur . The CD opens with the catchy , quick-paced `` Rough Justice '' and soon comes `` Rain Fall Down '' which just has that `` Missing You '' or `` Emotional Rescue '' funk to it that only a Stone , an Al Green or a Marvin Gaye can pull off . I was pleasantly surprised at how much I liked this album . And it was very gutsy for them to come up with `` Sweet Neo-Con '' . I ca n't believe that Mick downplayed that this song was definitely about the Bush administration when it makes a direct reference about Haliburton getting rich over a war . I disagree with Bjorn Ulveus -LRB- or however you spell his name -RRB- of ABBA who inferred that the Stones do n't have any creativity left in them . At least they are not resorting to just cranking out 292 compilation albums with the same old rehash over and over . This is as good as any RS CD I have ever purchased , and I will take old but good and dependable rockers over the throw away , Complain - About - Everything junk artist sludge that is currently coming out any day .
 With old-age , fat bank balances , etc. , what were the chances of the Stones ever releasing a decent album again ? Well , I am stunned , because A Bigger Bang is seriously good with some ace tracks -LRB- Sweet Neo-con ; Streets of love ; Back of my hand ; She saw me coming ; Biggest mistake , to name just a few -RRB- . There 's really good bluesy stuff , some typical Stones-sounding tracks , some great rock and roll - pure and simple . I ca n't believe it but I am really enjoying a Stones album for the first time in decades . Buy this - and Bob Dylan 's Love and Theft , another goody .
 I bought this album yesterday but I was familiar with the most of the songs.So I can review it.First of all do n't believe the guys that give 1 star etc.They should not taken seriously.Now for the album.It 's sure better than Voodoo Lounge , than B2B etc. I will place it in the best 10 albums they have ever made or at their 12 . A nice addition for the long time fans and a good way for teenagers to start be interested in the best band ever.I give this album 5 beacuse I ca n't stand the guy that gave it 1 . Basicaly it worths 4 stars to 4 and half.Somewhere between
 Yep , it is probably the Stones ' best release in 20 years because it 's got more than just a few songs that are worth listening to . Maybe not A + songs but lots of very solid B 's . `` Laugh , I Nearly Died '' is an exception and really superb . `` Back of My Hand '' is a blues hoot tribute to the old Chicago blues masters like Howlin ' Wolf and Muddy Waters who arguably planted the seed with the young Stones that you can still rock out well into old age . Jagger 's voice is unbelievably clear and strong after all these years and he 's not afraid to put it right up front instead of hiding in a jumble of sonic fuzz . Think about how someone like the once indominable Van Morrison has fallen from grace over the years -- both vocally and in songwriting ability -- and you 'll realize how astonishing Mick and the boys still are . Ca n't wait to see them in concert ... and this time I 'll be looking forward to hearing some new material -- not just the oldies .
 The Stones have puled off a masterpiece here , that in in time will be up there with Sticky Fingers , Exile , Let it Bleed and Beggars Banquet although the music is laced with bits and pieces from those cds , it comes closer to Some Girls . Some raw blues , some subtle blues Keiths INFAMY and a subtle bit of country/blues on another track . I just bought it so excuse me if I ca n't quite remember all the song titles plus its 3 am . Anyway this is the best Stones lp in about 25 years and is one of this years best cds , right up there with Hiatts , Stills and Robert Plant . I only wish they would go to the cd booklet form instead of the standard plastic case.Oh in case anyone missed it that Mick playing slide on Back Of My Hand , and Keiths This Place is Empty . The whole cd consist mainly of Mick , Keith and Charlie . Anyone actually think the Beggars Banquet , Let It Bleed , Exile or Sticky Fingers sounds like Aftermath , Flowers , Decembers Children ? No so why should the Stones still be compared to that time period . It 's like comparing Springsteen Born to Run , the River to anything he has done since . Still their best cd in 30 years and I 've got all of them . If you want a real dissapointment listen to Black and Blue or Their Satanic Majestic Request .
 Played this at a party at home and EVERYBODY was groovin ' . They do n't have to prove a thing . The Rolling Stones are the Greatest Rock and Roll Band in the World . period end of discussion .
 `` A Bigger Bang '' is the Stones album I 've been hoping for since 1983 's `` Undercover . '' This album contains only the core band with a minimal amount of outside musicians , unlike the extravaganzas on prior ones . It 's great to hear the four Stones , plus a bassist and maybe a piano player , cranking out rock-n-roll just like the old days . This basic rawness is sadly missing on every album since `` Undercover '' . `` Bang '' shows that the Stones still have it , and that they can give any modern act a run for their money . I hope the Stones know what works and make their future albums along this vein .
 The Stones are still making great music , I know everyone wants to hear the old songs but please give a listen to the new songs the Stones are putting out . They are still making great new music .
 I know , this album has been out awhile and it does n't need a review really , and this is n't a review . I just wanted to say this is STILL the greatest album in years by ANYONE . All these guys out there stating ` Oh , the Brian Jones era is the best ' , or ` Mick Taylor era is the best ' - I agree-THEY ARE GREAT , but my answer to that is THE KEITH RICHARDS ERA IS THE BEST-which means EVERYTHING . And BIGGER BANG is just ULTRAKOOL .
 I was curious to see what this bunch of 60 + guys are still capable of , and I knew it was generally considered a good effort , so I bought this the other day.Simple , kick-arse R 'n' R is what I love ; I also enjoy anyone sticking it to the Idiot in Chief - which is why I like Rough Justice and Sweet Neocon the most.Rough Justice is just great R 'n' R.Many seem to have critiqued Sweet Neocon on two levels
 I was very skeptical but with accolades by Time , Newsweek , and The New York Times amongst a sea of critical praise I gave in a picked this up along with a Goats Head Soup remaster . First I listened to Soup . I kept wondering why that release seemed to get panned a lot , I thought it was a close to a 5 star release . No , it is n't as good as the preceding four releases but it 's still very good . Anyway , then I popped this little goody into the CD player , doubtful that a bunch of `` old farts '' could possibly make a great rock-n-roll record . I should have known better , after all , I have every Stones release from `` England 's Newest Hit Makers '' through `` Exile on Main Street '' and the later `` Flash Point '' and `` Stripped '' live offerings along with `` Talk Is Cheap '' . Yeah , I should have known better . This is a great , great recording . Anybody tells you this is a `` dud '' -LRB- another pun intended -RRB- then they are lying to you or have n't got a clue what they are talking about.A Bigger Bang is fantastically good ! I think the title may be a tip off that they are finally wrapping things up , going out with a `` Bigger Bang '' perhaps ? Like John Elway leaving football after winning back-to-back Superbowls and the MVP award in the second championship win , this is a release that would let them bow out in style and sounding like they are at the top of their game , Bigger Bang is THAT good.As far as I 'm concerned , there are no stinker tracks what-so-ever - including Streets of Love . Maybe some that are n't as superb as the others , but it 's all good stuff . If you like the Rolling Stones , you want this . And remember , I started of highly skeptical .
 i 've been listening to the new stones CD -LRB- i downloaded it for a couple of bucks from gomp3.ru -RRB- and have to agree with the CDuniverse review , their best in 25 years . the guitar playing in particular is excellent . i checked the liner notes and they did n't use any outside guitarists so i have to assume it 's either keef or ronnie playing the bejesus out of a fender.from cduniverse reviewIn 2005 , given their advanced age and the seemingly endless trajectory of their rollercoaster career , it is hard to believe that the Rolling Stones would have energy enough to remain standing , much less create an album of new , inspired , and vital material . But the World 's Greatest Rock Band have been challenging assumptions since their earliest days , and with 2005 's A BIGGER BANG , their first studio record since 1997 's BRIDGES TO BABYLON , they surprise yet again by returning to classic form with all guns blazing . For starters , Mick Jagger and Keith Richards are writing together again , and the album 's 16 songs show a return to the revved-up , bluesy sound of the immortal STICKY FINGERS and EXILE ON MAIN STREET . Like those albums , this one bears potent doses of raw Chicago blues -LRB- `` Back of My Hand '' -RRB- , honky-tonk balladry -LRB- `` This Place is Empty '' -RRB- , mid-tempo melodic rock -LRB- `` Let Me Down Slow '' -RRB- , simmering soul -LRB- `` Laugh , I Nearly Died '' -RRB- , and barnstorming rock -LRB- `` Rough Justice '' -RRB- , but what impresses most is how energized and fierce the band sounds , with churning rhythms , rollicking guitar riffs , and Mick yowling like it 's 1971 . A BIGGER BANG is the Stones ' best and most cohesive effort since 1981 's TATTOO YOU .
 I JUST CANT UNDERSTAND WHY THIS ALBUM IS GETTING NEGATIVE REVIEWS.IT SEEMS LIKE ALL OF THESE NEGATIVE REVIEWS ARE BEING WRITTEN BY A SINGLE FRUSTRATED PERSON UNDER DIFFERENT NAMES.BACK TO A BIGGER BANG IS REALLY ONE OF THE BEST ALBUMS OF RECENT TIMES AND EACH SONG FROM ROUGH JUSTICE IS EXTREMELY GOOD.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.PS : PINK FLOYD , LED ZEPPELIN , AC/DC AND LYNYRD SKYNYRD ARE ALL GREAT .
 My ` two cents ' on the NEW album !! Been reading , perusing & pondering a wealth of reviews of late , and , here be some thoughts on the NEW stones opus ... The Rolling stones return with a great album , and my oh my , I knew they had it in them ! : : -- `` Rough Justice '' opens the album with a bang -LRB- a bigger bang if you will ^ * -RRB- , all rousing guitars , fabulous licks , delicious lyrics and a thrilling Charlie Watts beat that brings back memories of stones classics such as ` Brown Sugar ' and ` Rocks Off ' . Wonderful opening , and , what a song ! Wow , I simply love it . You ca n't help but strut like Jagger & groove along to Keith 's riffs while this one plays . Top Marks * : : -- I quote from a review , `` the irresistible funk juggernaut '' that is ` Rain Fell Down ' . An absolute favourite , this one simply cooks ! Funky , catchy riff to go with Jagger 's urban decay lyrics , excellent ! So groovalistic ! : : -- After the funk comes the blues -- `` Back Of My Hand '' is supreme , it ai n't Muddy Waters , it ai n't Howlin ' Wolf ... It 's brand new stones * Mick on slide guitar , harmonica and vocals , Keith on a cutting bluesy guitar , this one is a gem.Over the last 40 + years the stones have done some of the most beautiful ballads , musically & lyrically touching , and , with this new album we get 2 of thier finest -- : : -- What can I say about `` Laugh I Nearly Died ? '' ? Exquisite song , the way it builds , the a-capella chant at the end . . `` Wondering who 's gon na be my guide '' ... fabulous track , one of the stones ' best . As excellent as it is , Keith 's romantic 'n' passionate `` This Place is Empty '' equals it with a haunting melody , atmospheric feel & a touching Mick & Keith duet on the chorus . Quality stuff indeed : : -- Mr. Ronnie Wood comes out to shine with his searing leads on the frantic `` Look What The Cat Dragged In '' . This one , along with `` She Saw Me Coming '' are vintage stones . The chant-along chorus of `` She Saw . . '' is simply addictive stuff , complete with a saucy Jagger lyric & some raucous guitars . It 's only rock 'n' roll , but , by gosh & golly I love it * : : -- `` Oh No Not You Again '' , like `` Cat Dragged In '' is full of Jagger at his insolent & dark-humourist best , full of great lines , thundering drums courtesy of Mr. Watts & some of Keith 's most blazing guitars . To be played loud !! : : -- `` Streets Of Love '' & `` Sweet Neo Con '' , two slices of current stones that maybe had the fans divided . I for one feel `` Streets '' is a wee bit mundane . It echoes Jagger 's solo `` Brand New Set Of Rules '' , and has some cliched lyrics , but , it does have a very lovely melody , and , one could enjoy it , if one would wish to , as a guilty-pleasure ^ : : -- `` Sweet Neo Con '' reminds me of that wonderful outtake from the late ' 70 's -- `` Jah Is Not Dead '' , with Mick 's order , to perhaps a fellow rolling stone -- `` if you want to do Coke , do it in the other room '' Sonically a winner , some tasy & exotic sounding harmonica with funky/reggae guitars . Lyrics aimed squarely at George bush are the big let down here , the song would be much better if the lyrics packed more sting & punch. : : -- `` Infamy , infamy , they all have it in for me '' ^ ^ The ghost of ` Carry On ' Kenneth Williams surely inspired the title of this ditty . A poor song , it does comes alive for a wee bit when Mick 's harmonica comes in in the 2nd verse , but mostly , it lacks a melody , and even a decent strcuture. : : -- `` Dangerous Beauty '' , along with some primitive,back-to-absolute-basics , Fred-Flintstone-era riffs , packs another current political punch , and , has some tasty leads from Keith -LRB- or is it Ronnie ? -RRB- . Grew on me something wickedOn the whole , a quality album -- a handful of fillers , but plenty to relish and enjoy . Who 'd have thought the boys could sound this good , this groovy and this relevant in 2005 * : : -- Growing on me , in particular , from the other 6 tracks are
 `` A Bigger Bang '' is not in the same category as the Stones legendary albums . Heck , it might not even be in the same category as `` Tattoo You '' , but it still gives me rock that I need and is a fun album to listen to . The Stones keep their swagger and sneering attitudes , but that 's what makes the songs so great . My favorite song is `` Oh No Not You Again '' , which I have heard a few times on the hard rock station here in my hometown . It 's hard to believe these English bad boys are in their 60 's . Enjoy some hard rock from a band who knows a thing or two about the genre .
 This is a excellent overall album ; one that I can listen to all the way through and not have to push `` next '' all over the place . They swing through a lot of different genres but stick with their style . `` Oh No Not You Again '' has a really funky beat with the chunky guitar which creates a crazy sound ; it has some straight-forward lyrics to make you cringe . `` Back of my hand '' is bluesy as hell with some great harmonica and some nice guitar licks . `` Biggest Mistake '' is probably my favorite , it flows with some smooth guitar , uncomplicated , real simple , with some lyrics that really hit home with me . This album is full of songs that will strike some people 's chords and really hit home and some that are just fun to listen to . They even threw in a political slap in the face with `` Sweet Neo Con , '' which tells it like it is , unlike most bands who beat around the bush about politics so as not to offend the not-so-strong of stomach.I live in Italy , so we are cut off from some of the new music that comes out , mostly because the Italians do n't know what good music is ; all they play over here is techno and some of the crap that usually hits the top 40 . Sets like this one prove that just because it is n't on the charts does n't mean that it 's not good music . Generally anything up there for very long is teeny bopper junk which gets outplayed and gets real old , real quick.If you say these guys are too old to be making music , then you have your head somewhere that it should n't be . Saying the Stones are too old is like saying BB King ca n't play guitar anymore . In case you did n't notice , musicians get better the longer they play ; this set proves that . It 's original and it has a lot of meat .
 What 's surprising is n't that the Stones are still around , still big , still successful , and still being the biggest draw on the concert tour . What 's surprising , after listening to this CD , is that they are still so good ! . Listening to this CD , their first in 8 years , you hear a band that has been around for over 40 years sounding incredibly fresh and invigorated . Give me this over any of the music out there made by people half their age . Come to think of it , more than half their age ! . It is quite easy to say that this new release is head and tails better than `` Bridges To Babylon '' , `` Steel Wheels '' , and `` Voodoo Lounge '' . A lot of critics like to say that a certain artist or artists are back to their `` old selves '' and a new release is the best they 've done since the glory days . Some have said that about this one , but I ca n't quite agree . It is a great CD , and is the best they have done in years , but can you really compare it to the 60 's gems ? . Nah . But what is here is quite good . There are the obvious throwaways , but not that many . Mick and the boys are in exceptional form , and voice , as the disc gets started with the raucous `` Rough Justice '' . This is a classic sounding Stones/arena rocker , and it sounds kinda like `` Brown Sugar '' , especially when they sing the title . `` Rain Fall Down '' is a pretty groovy song that sounds like Mick and company trying to stay relevant and with the times . `` Streets Of Love '' is the expected `` light '' Stones ballad that they always seem to have on their CD 's . Think `` Out Of Tears '' and you pretty much get that . `` Back Of My Hand '' is a slow , bluesy number , and this one just does not do it for me at all . Sorry . `` She Saw Me Coming '' is kind of catchy and has a 60 's / 70 's feel to it , but the chorus gets annoying quite fast . `` Biggest Mistake '' is a country-ish type pop ballad . It 's simple and schmaltzy , but is n't the worst I have ever heard . One of my top favorites here is `` Oh No Not You Again '' . This is a great Stones rocker . It sounds like Classic Stones to me . It kinda harks back to `` It 's Only Rock And Roll '' to me for some reason . Should be a Stone in concert keeper . `` Dangerous Beauty '' has a nice musical and lyrical catch , but does n't pull me quite enough . `` Laugh I Nearly Died '' is another great gem . It has an instantly catchy and memorable R&B type groove , and would fit alongside any of today 's artists . `` Sweet Neo Con '' . Is it or is not about Dubya ? . They say no . Either way , it has great music to it and good lyrics . The final track , sung by Keith , is called `` Infamy '' . It 's a catchy , hooky ditty and has a creative and fun use for the title and the way it 's used in the song . There is other stuff here , but they do n't all do it for me . `` Driving Too Fast '' is a fun and catchy rocker , but hollow inside and instantly forgettable . `` Look What The Cat Dragged In '' falls into the same category . `` Let Me Down Slow '' and `` Wo n't Take Long '' are not their best efforts , but do the job . No , the Stones are n't exactly inventing the wheel , but they do n't have too . At 63 , Mick is still the coolest of the cool , and he sounds refrshed and energized on the entire disc . Same with the rest of the guys and their performances . Will there be another Stones record ? . I honestly do n't know . If there is n't , this CD would be a much better finale than their last three releases .
 The Rolling Stones `` bring a big bang '' with their first all-original studio album since the 2002 release of the FORTY LICKS compilation . The track listing on the back cover and inside the CD booklet lacks punctuation and spaces between words . Is n't that strange ? Also , the track listing lacks capital letters . Michael Philip `` Mick '' Jagger once again delivers his legendary distinctive vocals on many of these tracks . His songwriting partner Keith Richards delivers the lead vocal on some tracks as well . The Stones are to date , the longest-tenured rock music act on Earth . Since they were first introduced to America in 1964 , the legendary British band never disbanded despite a few personnel changes . Frontman Jagger and lead guitarist Richards for many years now have held a place in the singers ' - songwriters ' Hall Of Fame . This album , however , contains some profanity which may upset some fans . The profanity content is very low that it did n't require the bearing of the logo that reads `` PARENTAL ADVISORY-EXPLICIT LYRICS '' . This sixteen-track plays in its entirety for approximately 65 minutes .
 My!What an album ! Four tracks into this Cd , I was thinking that A BIGGER BANG belongs in the league of SOME GIRLS and TATTOO YOU.From the opening ROUGH JUSTICE to the mellow STREETS OF LOVE , I am driving trying not to tap off the pedals , trying to compare it to other great RS Lps.Yes , they have been around as long as I 've been alive with that great Jagger/Richards formula that just rocks . I concluded it is but a fun classic Stones album !
 How do they sound like this ? full of energy ... full of life ... the lyrics are foul sometimes , but great . I do n't know what that one guy was talking about earlier . Just look at some of their earlier classics . They are the same deal . This CD is incredible . My favorite are `` Oh no , not you again '' and `` Rough Justice '' . Great , incredible full sounding songs with excellent guitar work on behalf of Keith and Ron . What really stuns me is how the hell does Charlie Watts drum that incredibly when he is 64 years old ? Incredible . This is one of the best album . . even better then my own personal favorite , Love You Live -LRB- 1977 -RRB- . My personal views do not agree with `` Sweet Neocon '' . . but I think it does n't sound to good anyways -LRB- beyond my personal opinions -RRB- . It is the only negative on the CD ... wish they did n't include it but still an awesome CD.I can not give this CD less then five stars . This CD sounds as sweet as their success in selling out totally in concerts.I 'm only 20 years old , and I love them . Not many 50-60 year old average age bands do that for me . And I can honestly say these guys are way better then any younger artists I know .
 Back with a bang alright ! -LSB- ... -RSB- It 's a pure rock song , plus brown sugar -LRB- 1971 -RRB- Rough Justice -LRB- 2005 -RRB- I mean give me a break ! -LSB- ... -RSB- As for as Sweet Neo Con goes , awesome , just absolutly awesome , and Infamy , Keith at his best , but I love oh no , not you again , i can truly relate to that song , catchy hook , pounding drums , charlie watts is awesome as always , preview , but it , do whatever u have to do to get or the this album ! The best since Tattoo You !
 It has been many years since new material hit from the boys and their unique soundformula still works ... Stones riffing , Rock , Blues , a touch of anger and everpresent rebellion ... it is great to see these older geezers still having a good time despite the ups and downs . . Of course being very comfortable helps them , but truly they deserve it . . who does n't like the Stones or can denigrate their place in musical history ? Luckily , there still lurks mild consolation without delusion in one 's mid life -LRB- or later part of life -RRB- while listening to this new CD.The CD is long , never boring and it rocks and moves throughout with solid playing and songs . . the production is straight and uncomplicated somewhat stripped down of the excess of the past making it great rock and roll with the band playing as they do in wonderful form . . The Stones are a group that defies categorization and each piece of music they put out deserves attention as a unique work of art which their catalogue truly is ... They are pioneers of the whole rock and roll thing , and that is why to compare this CD as a comeback or a retro piece or whatever category one uses detracts from appreciating the music for what it is ... Music from one of the greatest rock and roll bands ever .
 A BIGGER BANG is appropriately titled for this album is a great mix of straight-ahead rock and roll , blues , country , and pop . The Stones , as they are often called , are legends in the rock and roll business . Their first album for years is a must-have for anyone who loves good , earthy , straight ahead rock and roll . Jagger sounds as good as ever ; you can tell that Jagger is a seasoned veteran . The songwriting is solid , the drums come out of the production with a really good timbre to them ; they sound like drums sound in vintage recordings . The guitars , both acoustic and electric sound good within the arrangment.For the most part , there are no true duds on A BIGGER BANG . Here is a quick run down of the songs :1 . `` Rough Justice '' is an enthusiastic , bluesy straightfoward rock and roll opener that has a nice earthy quality to it . One of the albums best . 4.5 / 52 . `` Let Me Down Slow '' is in a completely different character than `` Rough Justice '' making a notable and well done contrast . The arrangement is `` dirty '' sounding like rock and roll should be . Also , this song has a nice country-feel with several bluesy guitar nuances which resemble the pedal-steel in blues/country music . 4/53 . `` It Wo n't Take Long '' is a good track , but it does n't really stand out . There is a nice guitar solo and it has a nice blues-rock feel . 3/54 . `` Rain Fall Down '' catches your attention from the get-go because there is an instant groove with the drums and a nice booming bass line . Tracks 2 and 3 did n't have this musical hook , so having that instantaneous shock appeal makes this one of the albums best tracks . Also , a lot of young `` cats '' should be headbangin to this because of its rhythmic feel . 4.5 / 55 . `` Streets of Love '' is positioned in the perfect part of the album . After 4 fast songs it is time for a ballad with nice mellow guitars and nice playful , spoken vocals on Jagger 's part . The chorus is frick 'n awesome . 4.5 / 56 . `` Back of My Hand '' is definitely not my favorite track here , but it does represent a whole different entity on this album . This is a full on blues cut in which there is a wonderful harmonica solo and a pretty nice grit in Jagger 's voice . Unfortunately , it does feel like this song could 've been the slightest bit better somehow -- it comes over slightly anti-climatic . 3.5 / 57 . `` She Saw Me Coming '' is n't a bad track , yet not a standout . Again the drum production here is so earthy sounding ; I 'd like to know what type of drum mics were used . That is another matter entirely though . 3.5 / 58 . `` Biggest Mistake '' features nice poetic feeling lyrics and a slight halt in the pace of the overall album which is bittersweet . The Stones are known for rocking , so , which ever way you interpret it . Either way , this is a pretty average track . 3/59 . `` This Place Is Empty '' features a piano part that works nicely in the overall arrangement . Nothing extraordinary about this track . 3/510 . `` Oh No , Not You Again '' is one of the best moments of A BIGGER BANG . You would 've hoped that The Stones would 've used the modesl of this track , `` Rough Justice '' , `` Rain Fall Down '' , and `` Streets of Love '' as the models for the whole album . Had they , it would 've been an even better affair than it already is . This has a nice rocking feel with nice over the top vocals courtesy of Mick Jagger . 4/511 . `` Dangerous Beauty '' is another average or slightly above average cut . 3.5 / 512 . `` Laugh I Nearly Died '' has nice poetic lyrics , yet you feel the album drifting southward just the slightest bit . 3.5 / 513 . `` Sweet Neo Con '' is the cut that is causing major controversy because you hear anti-Bush sentiment -LRB- or atleast many people will interpret it this way -RRB- . This has a vintage sound , yet it is fresh . I think everyone will buy this album , maybe make it a platinum or multi-platinum affair because of the controversy of this tune . Honestly , wo n't most people assume that `` the crock of sh*t '' to which Jagger refers to could be the president ? Whatever your interpretation , this is a good tune , if just the slightest bit overhyped . 4/514 . `` Look What The Cat Dragged '' - 3.5 / 515 . `` Driving Too Fast '' 3/516 . `` Infamy '' - 3/5Overall , this is a well put together album that should keep Stone 's fans happy . Sure , it is n't `` I Do n't Get No -LRB- Satisfaction -RRB- '' , but for 2005 , it is a good album and THE ROLLING STONES hit their mark as promised with A BIGGER BANG . 4/5 stars easily .
 Mick , Keith , Ron , Charlie !!!! After so many eons , these 4 devils still freak me out like it was day 1 !! This album is a collection of their finest , `` hookiest '' songs ever . I daresay it is even slightly `` psychedelic '' , but includes all the non-whimpy musical genres , from pop to rock , from funky to psych , from folk to rock ... all blended with that RS flavour that makes each album they release a super cool one !!! A must in every TRUE rocker 's music library !!!! KICK OUT THE WHIMPS FOREVER !!!
 Rolling Stones first album in 8 years and it 's awesome!I actually used to not like the Stones other than BrownSugar . . But after hearing this album and listening to someof the catalog I 've changed my mind.What I like about the CD : Rough Justice . This is some typical Rolling Stones here . Ahard rocking tune that smokes basically anything on any otheralbum these days.Back of My Hand . A really good blues song that should have hadmore songs like this on the album . It has the Muddy Waterstype of old school blues going On.Biggest Mistake . Another typical Stones tune ... Good balladOther good songs include : She Saw Me ComingOh No , Not You AgainIt Wo n't Take LongStreets Of LoveRain Fall DownLaugh , I nearly DiedOnly song I really skip is Sweet Neo Con . . It 's obvious thatthis is an attention grabber . It just gets on my nerves.I find some of the reviews here to be shameful ... I think afew of you simply do n't like the Stones . If that 's the case , you have no business commenting . It 's probably not as goodas some of the Stones classics ... But what band makes the bestmusic when they are 60 ? Give the guys a break and stop cryingbecause this is n't as good as Exile.Use some common sense .
 This CD is awesome ! I grew up on the Rolling Stones and have been to many of their concerts . This is some of their best work ever . They just keep going . Anyone who buys this CD will NOT be disappointed . The Rolling Stones are n't getting older ; they are getting better .
 ... TRACK # 1
 Great new tunes for anytime ! If you are under the age of 80 youwill love the same spirited classic style of the Stones , with newrhythms and lyrics .
 Most of the reviews capture the essence of this new CD , so there is little more to say . To me , though , a couple of items stand out
 Excellent mix of rock with a touch of blues . This is a definate winner ! Jagger and Richards are still an awesome combo .
 I 'll keep this one simple . No reviews of individual songs.Just this - If you are a Stones fan , then buy this disc immediately . You will be very disappointed with it . Then you will leave it in the CD player in your car and listen to nothing but `` A Bigger Bang '' for at least fifteen full plays.Then just try to stop listening to it . ` nuff said ... If you 're not a Stones fan ... I ca n't help you .
 I LOVE THE STONES.THEY ARE AMONGST MY FAVOURITE BANDS WHO PRODUCED SEVERAL EXCELLENT ALBUMS LIKE STICKY FINGERS AND THIS ONE.MICK JAGGERS IS ONE OF THE GREATEST SINGERS.DONT PAY ANY ATTENTION TO THE REVIEWS AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE EXTRAORDINARY GIRL.THE BANDS SHE HATES ARE LEGENDS AND THE BANDS SHE LIKES ARE REALLY AWFUL.THIS ALBUM IS A MASTERPIECE , SO PLEASE BUY IT .
 For me until now the best album of my favorite rock group -LRB- followed by Let It Bleed '' , Sticky Fingers '' , It 's Only Rock 'n' Roll '' and Steel Wheels '' -RRB- . The boys are in best mood for playing . The songs are very various . If some pieces remind of earlier songs , which already were good , so that is no argument against them . There is not one song that really falls off . The album is from beginning to end an ongoing pleasure . My favorite songs are Rough Justice '' , It Wo n't Take Long '' , Streets Of Love '' , Dangerous Beauty '' and Sweet Neo-Con '' . Also both songs with the vocals of guitarist Keith Richards , This Place Is Empty '' and Infamy '' , are appealing . With this album the Rolling Stones have created a timeless masterpiece .
 I took the wait and listen stance , and now I ca n't stop listening ! Another great release from the Stones , that does pack a Bigger Bang !
 This album is average . I 'm not saying it 's bad . Afterall , this is the Rolling Stones . Nothing can go wrong . They 're in their 60s and still kick major a ** . Rough Justice and Streets of Love are my fav . tracks . Mick is one of the greatest frontman . Hands down . He 's great and so is Keith . Get other albums like Sticky Fingers , Beggers Banquet , and Let It Bleed and you 'll see why they are one of the greatest band to grace earth . Oh and avoid Green Day and Nirvana . Their only decent album was In Utero . Anything else ... forget it . Listen to Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin as well . It 's way better than what 's on MTV .
 YOU ARE AN IDIOT , ANYONE HATING THE ROLLING STONES HAS TO BE AN IDIOT.ANYWAYS FOREIGNER SUCKS , SO BETTER START LIKING THE ROLLING STONES AND GET ONE OF THEIR CD 'S . WOW MY BUDDIES , I JUST CANT STOP PRAISING THIS FANTASTIC ALBUM FROM THE GREAT ROLLING STONES.A BIGGER BANG IS THE BEST ALBUM IN THIS MILLENIUM AND CONTAINS 16 OF THE BEST SONGS PUT ON TAPE.THE STONES ARE AMONGST THE BEST BANDS ALONG WITH PINK FLOYD , AC/DC AND U2.DONT READ THE ONE STAR REVIEWS.JUST BUY THIS GREAT ALBUM .
 Full of energy , you wo n't be disappointed . Think you will find it exciting and fun . The boys on the other side of the pond still have it !
 Not trying to force anything revolutionary or chart-busting , the Stones wind up hosting an intimate little party of an album . All the friends you 've come to know and love are here -- the ballsy rockers , the funk work-outs , the blues blasts , the swaying ballads . And the Stones treat all of them to playing that 's pretty much unparalleled at this point . This is a band that actually sounds like a band -- the instruments talk to each other , the songs tilt and swerve , the energy is authentic . `` Bang '' is n't the orgy that was `` Exile '' or `` Sticky Fingers '' or `` Some Girls . '' But it is a good time .
 OK - so maybe this CD is n't perfect but I gave it 5 stars because after all , the Stones ARE the STONES ! The fact they are all still alive and rocking us should count for something ... their music always grabs you by the collar and shakes you , and this CD is no different . Loved it - ca n't wait for the next CD !
 Not a bad song on the CD ! The best of the Stones since Exile on Main Street . And the more you hear it , the better it gets . Rock , soul , blues , and powerful guitar work . Drums like only Charlie can play them . Mick 's voice is as strong and as emotional as ever . And the writing - brilliant !
 If the Rolling Stones had died in about 1979 or 1980 , they would be remembered today as the most excellent band of all time -LRB- even better than the Beatles and Led Zeppelin -RRB- , and everyone would 've been dying to know what they would 've done if only their lives had n't been cut tragically short . Maybe the musical landscape of the 1980s and 1990s would n't have been so barren without them ... Hmmmm . That of course did n't happen , and I love the Rolling Stones , but part of me agrees with BALD , the `` classic rock '' novel about the importance of hair by Russell David Harper . It 's fun to wonder about these things , but the album 's pretty good actually . And I do wish I had hair like Ron Wood 's , even how it looks these days , and even though I 'm quite a few years younger than he is .
 The best Stones album since `` Some Girls '' in fact the only listenable Stones album since `` Tattoo You '' . I am so delighted that Mick and Keith have put their petty problems aside and collaborated once again . The best rock and roll album of all time is `` Exile on main Street '' with `` Let It Bleed '' somewhere in the top 10 as well . Their are several cuts here that would fit well on either of those discs . So here is the lowdown . Only 2 cuts you do n't want to transfer to your Ipod . `` Streets of Love '' and unfortunately `` Sweet Neo Con '' . I say unfortunately because anything that criticizes the worst administration in American history is ok by me , but as much as I love the lyrics it 's a really weak song musically . There are 9 five star cuts-Rough Justice , It wo n't take long , Rain fall down , Back of my hand , She saw me coming , This place is empty , Laugh I nearly died , Look what the cat dragged in , Infamy . The rest may grow on me as many Stones songs used to . It 's great to get at least one more classic form the old boys .
 A BIGGER BANG from the Stones is one of the best , greatest , super , superb and terrific albums of all time.They are amongst the greatest bands along with AEROSMITH AND AC/DC . The songs and lyrics are meaningful and good.This great album has classics like ROGH JUSTICE and LET ME DOWN SLOW.The rolling stones have always made great records.Please disregard the one star reviews and buy this TODAY.the rolling stones rock , the rolling stones rock .
 This is a nice CD , the songs -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- while not having the same power as the more classic Stones are none the less enjoyable ; however , I am not a fanatic of the Stones or anything , so listen to me at your own risk .
 These guys can still Rock ! This is one of their best albums in years . It goes from Mellow to Rock with different world flavors !
 A BIGGER BANG IS ONE OF THE FINEST ALBUMS OF THIS MILLENIUM AND OF THE BEST ALBUMS OF MY COLLECTION.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.PS : AVOID ALL ALBUMS FROM AWFUL BANDS LIKE DIRE STRAITS , NIRVANA AND FOREIGNER.PAPERBACK WRITER .
 I can not believe I 'm giving a 5 star review to a new stones release but I am . A bigger bang has a few hiccups along the way but still manages to deliver a punch that can compete with anything else out there.Mick covers familiar territory but from the eyes of a 60 + year old who has seen it all . I believe the only time the cd fails to work is when they cater to the top 40 audience with ` Rain Fell Down ' - it ai n't bad but , then again , it ai n't real good either - and in Keith 's absolutely silly ` This Place is Empty ' - 15 or 20 years ago this song would have been considered cool , coming from the elder stateman of rock , but now it comes across as a little drunk and senile and kind of perverted . He 's an old man and the lyrics do n't work for him.Other than those slips and a few silly moments here and there this is a fantastic release . It 's no Sticky Fingers but look at it this way , they 're never going to release another Sticky Fingers or Let it Bleed . I 'll take these songs and be happy .
 You know something good is going to happen when you hear the starting guitar cords in this CD . `` Rough justice '' lets you know that the Stones are back and in top form . I am truly impressed by the power theis fellas show , specially in tracks like `` dangerous beauty '' and `` Biggest mistake '' . I can highly recomend this one !
 This is a good rock n roll album . By all means , better than what most other younger bands are doing . But this is not a better album than Voodoo Lounge or Steel Wheels , but still a good Stones album . To begin with , its too looong ! 16 songs that in the good old days would have made a double album . Quite frankly , why so many songs when five or six songs are just filler ? The last song on the album , its an infamy indeed , sounds like it was written in ths spot out of the blue . But the band sounds really tight , no big horns or keyboards or backup singer ; this is in essence the band playing the songs . And let me just say that Charlie Watts is the best rock n roll drummer of our days , he plays great throughout the album and just because of him , I 'd recommend you get this album .
 TO THE REVIEWER KNOWN AS GOD THAT FAILED A.K.A WHIRLIGIG/FOUR FOURTEEN/LET IT BE/ROCK AND ROLL WILL NEVER DIE/GIRL ON THE MOON/SWEET FALLON/EXPRESSO LOVE/ENTER SANDMAN/KID FROM NAPA/THE BEATLES SUCK/NAPA Vs SAN DIEGO CA/HEAVY FUEL/WAITING FOR A GIRL LIKE YOU/DUST 'N' BONES/G 'N' R ARE GOD/SO FAR AWAY/TELEGRAPH ROAD/MACY ROCKAWAY.YOUR OPINION ON GREAT BANDS LIKE PINK FLOYD , LED ZEPPELIN , THE WHO AND THE ROLLING STONES IS NOT REQUIREDI LOVE THE STONES WHO ARE AMONGST THE GREATEST ROCK BANDS EVER.THEY HAVE MADE COUNTLESS NUMBER OF GREAT ALBUMS INCLUDING THIS ONE.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.ALL THEIR ALBUMS ARE FANTASTIC.BUY THEMTHE STONES ARE GREAT , THE STONES ARE GREAT , THE STONES ARE GREAT , THE STONES ARE GREAT , THE STONES ARE GREAT , THE STONES ARE GREAT , THE STONES ARE GREAT , THE STONES ARE GREAT , THE STONES ARE GREAT.IGNORE THE PREVIOUS REVIEWER AND AVOID LAME , LOUSY , OVERRATED AND STUPID BANDS LIKE FOREIGNER.BUY THIS WITH THE WALL , ABBEY ROAD AND BACK IN BLACK WHICH ARE ALL GREAT ALBUMS.THANKS .
 A BIGGER BANG is one of the best stones album I have heard after EXILE ON MAIN STREET.This is blues based rock at it 's finest and I cant stop saying how great this album is.BUY THIS TODAY .
 There are no standout cuts on this CD , which is a disappointment . It would have been nice to have had another `` Brown Sugar '' or `` Tumbling Dice , '' but it is still better than almost anything else being recorded today and these guys are in their 60 's ! I disagree with those who knock the ballads . The first two or three times I listened mainly to the rockers -- `` Rough Justice '' and `` Oh no , Not you again , '' being the best of them -- but then I got into `` Biggest Mistake '' and `` Street of Love . '' These are not great songs , but they are pretty darn good.The only song that might stand the test of time and still fire people up several years from now would be `` Oh no , Not you again , '' but it is not as good as some of their older classics.I ca n't believe that some reviewers here missed the focus of `` Dangerous Beauty . '' It 's about Abu Ghraib prison . I guess the `` dangerous beauty '' must be Lynddie England . Yuck.As for `` Sweet Little Neocon , '' what a waste . I agree with others who note that this lyric lacks any sophistication . It is on the level of a playground squabble where a kid yells out , `` Oh yeah , well you 're stupid ! '' Mick should have sat down with some old Dylan albums and learned how to construct an argument in song that takes the listener beyond the immediate issue at hand to some understanding of human conflicts in general.The bluesy `` Back of My Hand '' is a nice track , but it sounds like something that could have come off any blues recording of the last 50 years . The harp work is nice , though.Overall , this is a good CD to play in the car , with a few good songs that might even turn up on a movie soundtrack somewhere along the line . But let 's hope the boys have one more good one in them to serve as their swan song .
 This is the best Stones album since Exile on Main Street . It 's loud and rude and sounds as fresh as anything they have ever done . From the driving rough-edged opening cut rough justice to the in your face attitude of Sweet Neon-con , these old fellas rock out.You will even survive the from-the-grave sounding voice of Keith on one song -LRB- Only he could sing a ballad to a strip joint and pull it off so well ... -RRB- The rhythm section is better than any recorded Stones album , in my opinion . Listen to it , you might agree.If you want to know where the true roots of grungy , garage bands are , buy A Bigger Bang .
 The Rolling Stones are great . This CD is by the Rolling Stones , thus great also . One thing pissed me off though . I hate it when bands I love get political , especially in this way . That song should not have made the cut , it 's ridiculous and not even that good.However , the rest of the album is great Stones music . Get it if you 're a Stone 's fan.That 's it !
 It 's a wonderful surprise when your expectations are bettered by a band . After `` Bridges to Babylon '' I was n't expecting much , but this album is the Stones playing with passion , conviction and an energy that a band one third of their age would envy.As always Charlie Watts is awe inspiring , Keith Richards and Ron Wood play with ferocity but its Jagger that really impresses this time . He is singing with none of the awful affectation of the later day Stones and is speaking from thje heart , mixing rage , heartbreak and one of the best sneers in music.Stylistically they stay exactly where they are comfortable - blues , country and full ahead rock 'n roll . Outstanding tracks include
 What more can you say about the Stones?This is one of their bestalbums in a long time and is a refreshing reminder of what realmusic is compared to the slop thats out there today!Give thedisc a few spins and it gets better and better.Good ole drivingrock , a few ballads , blues and of course a few of Richardscontributions which are rough , but catchy.There are some raunchylyrics here typical of Mick and the boys , none greater than - `` Oh no , not you again , f ` in up my life ... `` Got ta love it!Buy this album , a must for Stones fans !
 It has been a while since the last stones album , but it was well worth the wait . A Bigger Bang is a very solid album from start to finish , with a great mixture of straight ahead rock , slower songs and blues influences . My favorite is the lead track , `` Rough Justice '' , which has quickly become one of my all time favorites . The infectious guitar riff makes for a great listen . As for the rest , there are some ups and downs . The highlights for me include `` Driving Too Fast '' , `` She Saw Me Coming '' , and `` Look What the Car Dragged In '' . There are also some very interesting tracks that have a very unique sound , `` Rain Fall Down '' , and `` Infamy '' . Songs that I skip include `` This Place Is Empty '' sung by Keith Richards and `` Laugh I Nearly Died '' which leaves me with a bad taste in my mouth . Overall though , this CD is very strong and is a 9/10 . Check it out , you will enjoy it .
 Although the record has been a bit over-hyped due to the length of time since the last one , it 's still very much worthwhile . It 's not the second coming of ` Exile , ' but neither is it anywhere near the bottom of the heap of post - ` Some Girls ' albums of the 80 's and 90 's , of which ` Dirty Work ' was IMO the nadir.I frankly liked the first nine songs on here , with most of the filler coming nearer the end . The first track and first single , `` Rough Justice , '' is a good , solid rocker which sets a pattern for some self-deprecatory lyrics from Mick . The band sounds pretty tight , Charlie 's drumming snaps and cracks , and Keith 's guitar works sounds as good as ever . After that it 's a mix of slower and faster tempos and stylistic changes , of which the best are the funky `` Rain Fall Down '' and the old-style blues `` Back of My Hand . '' `` She Saw me Coming '' is a terrifically fun song , again Mick engaged in some self-mockery , and `` Biggest Mistake '' a haunting , regret-filled ballad.Of the last seven songs , only two really stood out for me . The first was `` Laugh , I Thought I 'd Die , '' the best song on the album and one of their best in years ... doomy , ominous , terrific bass sound , and magnificent , emotional vocals from Jagger . Like most of the album , he sounds sharp , straightforward , and soulful ... none of the cynical or sneering affectations we 've heard too often in recent years . Great stuff.The other good song was Keith 's , `` Infamy , '' a strong song that 's neither rocker nor ballad , quite , but very solid . Of the remainder , `` Oh No Not You Again '' was funny , but a bit forced , `` Sweet Neocon '' had -LRB- for me -RRB- its politics in the right place but was rather obvious and pedestrian for a guy as sophisticated as Mick ... `` Look What the Cat Dragged In '' and `` Dangerous Beauty '' were decent rockers , the former being the better of the two , I 'd say.All in all , a very good if not great album , but one the boys should be proud of . How many bands their age are together , and if together , still writing good , original material ? Wo n't need all the fingers on one hand to count that up , will you ? Here 's hoping their creative juices are n't all dried up , and that we 'll have another album as good in a couple of years . Long Live Rock 'n Roll !
 Let me first say , I 'm not a DIEHARD Rolling stones fan . Like a lot of people , I own the CD 's from their peak years -LRB- Let it Bleed - Some Girls / Tattoo You -RRB- . I bought 'Em otional Rescue ' when it came out and never thought I 'd ever buy another Stones album again . If someone told me then I 'd be buying their new CD in 2005 and LIKING it , I would have thought they were crazy.This album is VERY good and fits in well with the stuff from their prime period . If you were to load an ipod with this album and the albums I 've listed above and hit shuffle , I think the casual fan might be hard pressed to tell a difference . That 's a compliment ... when this band is doing what they do best , no one can touch them.The only criticism I might have is maybe it could have been limited to 13 tracks . I think it would have helped the overall flow of it.P.S . Has anyone else noticed how much the album cover looks like Paul McCartney & Wings ` Back To The Egg ' album cover ?
 Not many words to say something about this record.Whoever believed this was going to be really the best since Exile , is too blind to deserve any consideration . It 's like the ads on TV
 If you can get past the horrible cover art -LRB- their worst since Emotional Rescue -RRB- , you will find a damn fine Rock n ' Roll CD inside . Taking a tip from the recent garage rock revival , The Stones eschew any attempts at musical experimentation and deliver 16 stripped down rockers and ballads . The Stones have rarely let me down with their albums , I feel that their last one eight years ago , `` Bridges To Babylon '' was one of their very best and since then , they have released two excellent live discs and a greatest hits compilation , which was probably a lot of younger people 's first Stones album . This album feels like it was written and recorded rather quickly and for the most part that gives it a spontaneous , organic quality lacking in too many recent Stones albums . Some of the lyrics even seem slightly unfinished , which actually works within the rough charms of this very good album . From the opener `` Rough Justice '' , it is clear The Stones mean business this time out . They are on what is very likely their last major tour and they needed a strong album to take on the road . There are a couple of weak tracks toward the end of the disc that probably could have been trimmed , which would have increased the overall impact of the stronger cuts . However , even their weaker songs like `` Dangerous Beauty '' or `` Look What The Cat Dragged In '' are better than most artist 's singles . Whereas , `` Oh No , Not You Again '' , `` Rough Justice '' and `` Streets Of Love '' are as good as anything they have ever done . `` Back Of My Hand '' is the most stripped down blues they 've done since `` You Got ta Move '' on `` Sticky Fingers '' . It sounds like they are channeling Robert Johnson and all the other classic blues artists they cut their teeth on way back in the 60 's . But they 've long since transcended the artists who inspired -LRB- and continue to inspire them . -RRB- As much as they lifted from Chuck Berry and the whole blues cannon , they have given back twice as much . In my not so humble opinion , they have contributed more to the culture of rock music than anyone else , partially through their never say die resilience and partly through their flat out brilliant musicianship . They are , quite frankly , peerless.They are still the best . Although I 've enjoyed the music of their spiritual grandchildren like The Strokes , The Hives , The Black Crowes etc , etc , this is the real thing and there is no substitute . Jagger even contributes some really good guitar work and meshes nicely with Ronnie and Keef , giving them their best triple guitar attack since `` Some Girls '' . 2005 has been a pretty good year for rock fans and The Stones new release is like the cherry on top . It debuted at number three on the charts and is their fastest selling studio album ever .
 I refer anyone reading this to Christopher Bushman 's excellent review . I agree with him ... Most of the time ... I agree that `` Rough Justice '' trumps `` You Got Me Rocking '' anyday . I also agree that `` Streets of Love '' and `` Sweet Neo Con '' are terrible . `` Streets '' is a poor man 's Journey ballad , and `` Sweet '' attempts to bait the anti-war crowd . Well , I do n't like the war , but I like that song even less.Still , I think these tracks deserve a second glance ... 7 -RRB- `` She Saw Me Coming '' - Alright , so it 's not rocket science . But I think the idea was to put a fun , clever , tongue-in-cheek tune on the record . In fact , the song could become a single in the vein of Aerosmith 's `` Pink , '' which endeared the MTV crowd . Maybe the Stones do n't need to sound like Aerosmith ... ever . But , how many new fans were introduced to Steve Tyler and Joe Perry as a result ? 15 -RRB- `` Driving Too Fast '' - Okay , a generic rocker . So what ? Does anyone really think `` Bitch '' from Sticky Fingers changed the face of modern music ? No way . But the song rocks . And so does this one . The lyrics are simple but strong , and the tune would sound great blasting from your stereo as you drive down a highway .16 -RRB- `` Infamy '' - this song is not `` Little T & A '' or `` You Got the Silver . '' But it does n't have to be , either . Listen to the lyrics . They 're a clever play on words , and I think it 's definitely worth repeated listening.That 's pretty much it . I got this CD as a gift from my girlfriend . I 've also included a guide for buyers , based on their knowledge of the Stones catalogue :1 -RRB- If you know which albums the songs `` Time Waits for No One , '' `` Gomper , '' `` Hide Your Love , '' and `` Ca n't Be Seen '' come from , as well as their year of release and chart position , BUY THIS DISC . You wo n't be disappointed ... you love the Stones anyway .2 -RRB- If you like the Stones , but own two or less albums and do n't follow their newer work ... BUY OR DOWNLOAD . It 's a toss up . You wo n't love everything on the disc , but you 'll definitely find a few tracks worth downloading individually .3 -RRB- If you only like `` Start Me Up , '' `` Jumpin ' Jack Flash , '' or a handful of other Stones classics , and do n't own any albums ... DO N'T BOTHER . It 's not worth your money , because the disc is n't perfect , and if you do n't already own `` Let It Bleed '' or `` Sticky Fingers , '' get those first ~ LBS
 Okay . The critics in the press are morons . I wonder if they listened to anything after `` Rough Justice '' before making comparisons to 1972 Stones . There is no comparison to `` Exile on Main St. '' because that was a different band . The current incarnation of the Stones -LRB- sans Bill Wyman , whose departure actually energized the band -RRB- has been in place since `` Some Girls . '' Including that album , they have released , now , nine studio albums . And Some Girls definitely ai n't the greatest among them.The sound that we now most associate with the `` Modern Stones '' was first made manifest on `` Undercover '' and cemented itself on `` Dirty Work . '' One critic I read said something to the effect that one song on `` A Bigger Bang '' `` rocks harder than anything since ` Shattered ' ! '' Is he kidding ? This critic apparently has n't listened to anything they 've done * since * `` Some Girls . '' They 've gotten harder and more rocking as they 've gotten older . Some great examples are `` Undercover of the Night , '' -LRB- Undercover -RRB- `` One Hit to the Body , '' `` Fight '' -LRB- Dirty Work -RRB- , `` Sad Sad Sad , '' -LRB- Steel Wheels -RRB- `` I Go Wild , '' `` Sparks Will Fly , '' `` Mean Disposition '' -LRB- Voodoo Lounge -RRB- , `` Flip the Switch , '' `` Gunface '' -LRB- Bridges to Babylon -RRB- . So where does this album rate ? The simple answer is
 With the Rolling Stones , a standard game to play as each new CD comes out is to proclaim that it is either a bust -LRB- and some recent CDs have been -RRB- or the best since -LRB- fill in the blanks -RRB- . Many recent CDs/albums feature a couple terrific songs , a few decent songs , and a fair amount of filler . Filler is limited in this one , and there are a number of interesting songs . In context , it seems fair to suggest that this is the best work they have done -- in the CD 's totality -- since `` Tattoo You '' and `` Some Girls . '' While it 's long like `` Exile on Main Street , '' and while it may actually have less filler than `` Exile '' -LRB- the whole final side of the original 2 album set is little more than filler -RRB- , it does n't have the same creativity and power.Nonetheless , this is a success . There are some good rockers , such as `` Rough Justice , '' `` It Wo n't Take Long , '' `` She Saw Me Coming , '' `` Oh Not You Again , '' and `` Look What the Cat Dragged In '' -LRB- Like another reviewer , I wonder if Mick is talking about Keith ?? -RRB- . There is one nice blues song , `` Back of My Hand , '' reminiscent of some of their own blues songs -LRB- `` Down in the Hole '' -RRB- or covers -LRB- `` You Got to Move '' -RRB- . There is filler , in songs such as `` Streets of Love '' -LRB- kind of lame -RRB- , `` Biggest Mistake , '' `` Dangerous Beauty , '' and `` Driving too Fast . '' `` Rain Fall Down '' adds a funky sound that is a nice contrast . `` Sweet Neocon '' has been much commented on , but it is a decent song and it 's nice to see some political commentary . Two of Keith 's songs work out reasonably well - `` This Place Is Empty '' and , even better , `` Infamy '' -LRB- featuring some nice harmonica work by Mick -RRB- . All in all , this is one of the better , more consistent CDs put out by the Stones in some time . If you 're a Rolling Stones fan , this CD is well worth acquiring and listening to .
 As of 2005 , the Rolling Stones have been making music for over 40 years . Mick , Keith , Charlie and Ron are now in their 60s . However , you 'd never know it from listening to A Bigger Bang . This album is simply excellent . I really did not expect the Stones to be able to make something of this high quality so many years after their early '70s peak . I was really surprised when I put the disc in and heard the awesome Rough Justice . Listening to this song , you 'd think the Stones recorded it in 1971 . It may become an all-time classic . The bigger surprise was that after the album 's excellent opening track , each succeeding track was good as well ! In my ever-so-humble opinion , every song on this CD is good , even though it 's a lengthy 16 songs . There is not a single song that reeked of `` filler '' to my ears . Every song is well-written and well-performed with an energetic feel that you 'd never expect the group to have this late in the game . I have heard really good things about the Stones ' most recent tour , so apparently they successfully managed to carry their onstage energy into the recording studio . The album is not too slick and produced , but it 's not sloppy either . It sounds just right . It sounds the way the Rolling Stones are supposed to sound . We have high-energy rockers -LRB- Rough Justice , Oh No Not You Again -RRB- , lovely ballads -LRB- Biggest Mistake , This Place Is Empty -RRB- , blues -LRB- Back of My Hand -RRB- , and even social commentary/protest -LRB- Sweet Neo Con -RRB- . A Bigger Bang is not just a great Rolling Stones album , but a great rock album . The Stones have made numerous comebacks over the years , and they really have n't gone anywhere so comebacks really are n't necessary . However , this time they have made a comeback to high-quality studio material . Just like the Allman Brothers Band with their excellent 2003 album Hittin ' the Note , the Stones have surprised us all with their ability to recapture their inspiration and deliver a latter-day masterpiece . If you love the Rolling Stones , or just rock and roll in general , do check out A Bigger Bang .
 A great album!Rough Justice - kick butt rockerLet me down slow - a country style rocker-commercial and catchyIt wont take long - great guitars . kind of like Brown Sugar liveRain fall down - good funkStreets of love - the albums only debateable track-some like it , other dontBack of My hand - great bluesBiggest Mistake - a great country tune - great lyricsThis place is empty - rates up there with Keith 's YOU GOT THE SILVEROh no , not you again - rocks like the best of Some GirlsDangerous Beauty - inspired by Lyndie EnglandLaugh , I nearly died - sounds like classic Tattoo YOu materialSweet Neocon - bad lyrics - great bluesy sounding musicLook what the cat dragged in - it just rocksDriving too fast - a great Some Girls type rockerInfamy - Keith mid-tempo - it really grows on you after a couple of listeningsSTONES RULE WITH THIS ONE
 These old guys still have it . From the ridiculous over the top innuendo of `` Rough Justice '' to the last track , this is a sweet Stones album , and much better than anything they 've put out in the last two decades . If the word on the street is right , and this is their last studio album , they 've definitely gone out in style .
 Now I havent owned any Rolling Stones that is , until now . I have listened to The Rolling Stones old songs and theres no doubt in my mind that this is one of the greatest rock bands thats ever played and with this album , they 're just putting an Explantion Point on their already hall-of-fame status . This album proves that Rock N'Roll that we all know and love is NOT DEAD !
 THE STONES GIVE A `` BIGGER BANG FOR THE BUCK '' HERE ON THEIR BEST RELEASE SINCE `` SOME GIRLS '' . GOOD MATERIAL , STRONG MUSIANSHIP MAKE FOR A VERY GOOD OFFERING.THE STONES PROVE THAT MOST OF THE `` NEW '' AND UP AND COMING BANDS CAN ONLY DREAM OF A LONG LASTING CAREER IN THE MUSIC BUSINESS.HERE TODAY , GONE TOMORROW , BANDS THAT ARE JUST THE FLAVOR OF THE MOMENT.THE STONES CONTINUE TO ROCK AND GOD BLESS EM ' .
 I saw that one reviewer said that this was their best since Tattoo You , while another reviewer , in a more expansive mood , insisted that A Bigger Bang is perhaps their best record since Exile on Main Street . There 's something to be said for that -- even though my intention -LRB- before reading those reviews -RRB- was to simply say that this record is without a doubt their most satisfying work since Some Girls.Although the album is marred by the way-under-par `` Infamy '' that closes the CD , this is , all told , a vibrant album with , out of the 16 songs , at least 10 that are top-notch Stones . Classics for submission into the future canon of their greatest songs
 The ` Stones return with `` A Bigger Bang . '' Touring once again and selling out arenas left and right , the boozy , bluesy , hard rock group still holds their own with the young guns in the music business , while still being able to teach a lesson or two in balls to the wall pure rock . Does it rank up with their best albums from the 60 's and 70 's ? Of course not , but the ` Stones are still able to pump in energy , enthusiasm , and sleezyness into their work . If you did n't know these guys were now in their 60 's , you 'd be fooled into thinking this was the work of a younger group of men . It 's not their best , but `` A Bigger Bang '' will give you real rock in a mainstream world where it 's hard to find .
 Great album . Full of rock 'n' roll swagger and style . Mick sounds incredible . Keith 's songs rock -LRB- of course -RRB- . Ca n't really complain about this one , kiddos . Rockin ' stuff . Best in years . Peace . I 'll have it on repeat for the next month . That says it all .
 I was surprised how much I like this recording . All the prepublicity was for `` Sweet Neo Con '' , but it 's easily one of the worst songs on the disc . Some of these songs are the best they 've done in over 20 years . Particularly like `` Rain Fall Down '' -LRB- funky -RRB- and `` Look What the Cat Dragged In '' -LRB- rocker -RRB- .
 For all of you who have n't listened to a new Stones album in 20 years , get moving . This might not be the first one to listen to , but its got some great stuff . I esp like `` Back of my hand '' with some nice blues harmonica and slide guitar . In general , these are pretty stripped down songs , but sound good . A mix of straight blues and rockers . While you are at it , listen to `` Steel Wheels ; '' another Stones CD a lot of people ignored for no good reason .
 A Bigger Bang is a great comeback by the Stones . Ron Woods slide on Rough Justice gets it off to arolicking start . It wont take long has good guitar.Rain Kept Falling has a Miss you vibe . Streets of Love is great . Back of my Hand continues the Stones great blues legacy . Laugh i Nearly Died is good blues too . The rock songs Oh No not you Again , Dangerous Beauty and Look At What The Cat Dragged In , make A Bigger Bang the best Stones cd since Some Girls .
 A BIGGER BANG IS WITHOUT ANY DOUBT THE FINEST ALBUM OF THIS MILLENIUM.I AM AMAZED AS HOW THESE GREAT GUYS GO ON AND ON MAKING SUCH FINE MUSIC.A BIGGER BANG IS ALMOST AS GOOD AS STICKY FINGERS AND A MILLION TIMES BETTER THAN ANY GREEN DAY CD SO BUY THIS WITHOUT ANY HESITATION.LONG LIVE THE ROLLING STONES.DOWN WITH GREEN DAY AND FOREIGNER
 Who knew they had it in 'em ! Is there a stone solid classic like Start Me Up ? No , but from beginning to end this is their strongest offering since Tattoo You . Ronnie and Keith are dirty and nasty sounding ... Mick sings like a 20 year old , with clear energy and enthusiasm ... and boy oh boy that drummer is good.The lyrics , at times , can be trite , yeah , but when you sing them with as much conviction as Mick does , I can let it slide . They have n't sounded this jacked up musically in I do n't know how long . Since there 's hardly anybody making this kind of rock n roll at all anymore ... I got ta give them points for that.Any other rockers out there , who started 40 some odd years ago wan na come up with something this tough sounding , well bring it on ... otherwise the Stones are still the world 's greatest rock n roll band ... and as long as Keith gets new blood in him every few years their gon na deliver strong albums like this .
 If you are old enough to remember the Rolling Stones in their heyday , but have been just a little disappointed that `` real rolling stones music '' ended in the 70 's , this CD is for you . A Bigger Bang is old-time Stones , a heartfelt attempt to recapture their youthful days just one more time.Gutsy , powerful , and oh-so-bluesy , most of the tunes on this great CD will have you thinking there is hope for rock n roll in this miserable age of hip hop , pop , and bland ... . A Bigger Bang is for US , the people that believe that guitars , drums , and a mean vocal is ALL you need to make great music.Granted , some tunes seem to be made to satisfy those that require Radio play , but every track on this CD is pure gold . Even Keith sounds impressive with his vocal performance . I never knew he could sound so good . Mick 's voice is just as great as it ever was , Charlie 's drumming has never been better and Wood 's guitar work is outstanding . I 've read over and over that the Stones mean it this time , and they took this CD seriously . I have no doubt about that , and I dearly hope this is not their swan song -LRB- although it would make a perfect one -RRB- ... . there has to be a couple of CD 's left in these guys . This CD proves they are still in top form.If you are tired of all the crap you 've been forced to listen to over the years by DJ producers and talentless hacks with great publicists , pick up this CD -LRB- priced a lot lower than I expected for a 16-track -RRB- and see how its really done by a band with more talent than the top 50 bands combined ... Without a doubt A Bigger Bang is the album of the year , and the Stones prove why they are the best rock band in history . Do n't steal this CD , buy it , and drive it right up the charts . The old guys deserve it ! -LRB- My best friend is a radio DJ and invited me to a listening party for this CD , so although today is the first day you can buy it , I 've heard 3 times -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 'm not the most analytical reviewer out there for some of you who want a `` well-reasoned '' , `` logically-based '' , `` original '' , `` thought-provoking '' review . I simply like what I hear or I do n't . But I love music and certain bands I have loved for 40 years . The Rolling Stones is one of them . I picked up the CD simply because it was the Rolling Stones . I listened to it and from the first it sounded just EXCELLENT . They kept to the formula and then spiked it ! I 'm not going to compare it to past albums , or group line-ups or anything . I can not tell you if it is better or worse than other albums . This one just stands on it 's own ! If you do love the Rolling Stones , you will be floored ! Let me just tell you that in their golden years , the Stones still had the `` stones '' to pull it off again . You pick this CD up for the heck of it , and you walk away 100 % satisfied that you got your money 's worth , and unlike Mick , YOU GET SATISFACTION ! What a superb rocker !
 This is the best Stones CD of new material in years . They have never lost their edge . Laugh , I Nearly Died tears me apart . I can listen to this entire disc at one time . Having seen the band perform live a number of times , I 'm interested to see this new material in a live setting .
 Has anyone else ever noticed that every time a new Rolling Stones record comes out , the reviews all say `` Wow ! This is the best Stones album since ` Exile on Main St. ' -- definitely better than the pedestrian effort they put out a few years ago . `` Then , when the next one comes out , the same person says `` Wow ! best Stones record since ` Exile , ' this is so much better than anything the Stones have done in three decades . `` Is it so hard to believe the Rolling Stones have now released four great albums in a row ? `` Steel Wheels '' and `` Voodoo Lounge '' both had a lot of good songs , `` Bridges to Babylon '' is a downright funky rock n ' roll record and `` A Bigger Bang '' keeps the hot streak alive . I absolutely love nearly every song on here.Let 's be honest , almost every Rolling Stones album has been pretty good . There are a few exceptions -LRB- like `` Dirty Work '' -RRB- , but they really do have 20 or so good studio efforts .
 `` A Bigger Bang '' is a GREAT Stones album ! IF you are a fan , this -LRB- IMO -RRB- is one of their best in quite a while . One can pine for the `` old days '' and past glories , but what is the point ? This is a GREAT album by a band who may have been more relevant in the past but are FAR from embarrassing like a handful of artists who shall remain unnamed ! It is also cool to have new material to tour on , unlike other groups banking on their pasts , or endless `` farewell tours '' . I look forward to hearing some of the new songs on tour . Ignore the negative responses and give this a chance ! You wo n't regret it !
 This is really the great RS comeback album . Excellent ! Pure energy , great songs -LRB- come on ! the are 16 tracks to enjoy it -RRB- , good riffs , truly RS guitar sound signature . Mick 's voice it 's amazing and of course , the great track Infamy by Keith Richards , the best one.For a hardcore RS fan like me , this the album I was looking for . My best 5 songs :1 . Infamy2 . Back on my hand3 . Oh No not ou again ! 4 . Let me down slow5 . Rough justice
 A lot of people have remarked that this album is their best album in 10 , 20 or 25 years . I 'm going to go one step further and say that this album stands along side their work from any era . I 'm not saying that it is their absolute best album of all time but it is in the same league as the great albums from the Mick Taylor era.I have seen them live on this tour twice and I frequently check their set lists on the tour web site . I ca n't for the life of me undersand why they have n't played `` It Wo n't Take Long '' yet . To me it is the best song of the Ron Wood era and I think it would work very well live.The other highlights of this album are Sweet Neo-Con and Keith 's great take on `` Infamy ' . The last 4 or 5 albums have been highlighted by a song with Keith on lead vocals and this one is no exception .
 I was beginning to lose my faith in the best rock and roll band in the world . I only got seriously into the Stones a year ago , and it has been an amazing treat discovering all their classic albums . Then I began to discover their modern stuff . Voodoo Lounge , Bridges to Babylon , Steel Wheels -LRB- blecch ! -RRB- , all albums which I can hardly bare to mention in the same sentence as the albums I heard when I first started researching this band . Not terrible albums by any means , but certainly uninspired.And then A Bigger Bang came along . This is a classic collection of rockers . While the ballads , in my opinion , leave something to be desired they are still better than much of the dreck on other modern Stones records . And the rockers are fantastic . `` Rough Justice '' is great
 The Stones have kept it safe and stuck to their Rock Roots with a few Blues tunes mixed in.As value for money at 1 hour plus this is great stuff.Look forward to the DVD version of the same album .
 After 40 years as rock stars in one of the greatest bands of all time , the stones are back once more with `` A Bigger Bang '' and hopefully a new world tour will start too -LRB- Get well soon Keith ! -RRB- . They are far from pioneers anymore and this album sounds quite alot like you thought it would with a mix from classic rock n roll , blues rock and some ballads , but the stones continue to deliver just like always . Infact they never got boring or a parody of themselves with countless of lacklusters , NO ! they always do their thing . Great rock n roll that they have been doing for 40 years . `` A Bigger Bang '' is certainly no `` Sticky Fingers '' or `` Let It Bleed '' but it 's a great rock album where the band deliver what they are best at and what old time fans want them to deliver . Mick , Keith , Charlie and Ron are still going strong.It was 8 years ago they released `` Bridges of Babylon '' and it a record for longest absence between 2 albums , but at the meantime they were touring and never really gone it the firstplace . However , On `` A Bigger Bang '' , they Stones release a classic album of their trademark sound , they do n't care for having hitsingles , they just want to do their thing but not surprisingly there are plenty of good songs here too . The rocker `` Good Justice '' kicks off the album and midtempo `` Let Me Down Slow '' is second out . Another great midtempo in `` Rain Falls Down '' til the best song arrives , a ballad called `` Streets Of Love '' that captures the same feeling that Mick did with songs like `` Angie '' and `` Miss You '' . `` Back on My Yard '' is blues-rock and quite diffrent from the rest . `` This Place is Empty '' is another slow-rock song , but `` Oh No , Not You Again '' takes the price as the catchiest rocker here , it full tempo non stop on this one . `` Laugh , I Nearly Died '' , a great ballad with good lyrics , perhaps it could sum up Keith Richards life . `` Sweet Neo-Con '' another blues-rock song , that remind me of their early 60 's music . Keith sings the last song `` Infamy '' , not quite a highlight but nice to hear his sing too , it 's not very often . There are 16 songs on the album , I only commented on my favorites . But I tell you , there are no bad songs really.Overall , Good album once again . After over 40 years as a Rock band they still deliver . Nothing groundbreaking , but classic Rolling Stones standards that will make old fans happy . Although this aint no commercial effort , there are plenty of very strong numbers here that could become modest hits . A pleasant surprise for me , check it out . 4/5 stars .
 I thought it was a great album , the Rolling Stones are getting up there in age , but this album shows the world that they can still rock ! My two personal favorite songs are Rough Justice , and Sweet Neo-Con , at least this band has the balls to speak out against the corrupt and evil administration of this county ! Good job guys !
 You should listen to this album many many times , like for a whole evening , sipping Martinis or Margaritas or whatever you like to drink . It 's one of their greats , along with `` Some Girls '' , `` Exile on Main Street '' and the others . This one is notable for the funky guitars , the jazz influence , and Keith Richards sounding like he 's singing in Humphrey Bogart 's bar in `` Casablanca '' . Most importantly , this album appears to have been very carefully made , with a tremendous shot of inspiration , and it gets better every time you hear it .
 I 've been a huge Stones fan for about 40 years , having first heard them at the age of five ! Something about their sound just drew me in years before I was mature enough to have a clue what they were writing and singing about . The first and most compelling element was always that one-of-a-kind Richards / Watts groove that just affects you like an audible drug . Having been a fan for so long , I 've seen their ups and downs , and even their least popular albums still strike me as way better than anything their multitude of imitators , or competitors put out . I never became so jaded as to not see the standout tracks on their post Tattoo You releases despite so many others claiming that Tattoo You was their last decent album . Having said that , I must concur with many who 've said that A Bigger Bang blows away pretty much everything they 've done since the early eighties . When I first heard it , I knew I was pretty impressed , although some tunes failed to really move me upon first listen . But over many years of digging the Stones , I 've learned that some of their finest work leaves you blank at first , but on subsequent listenings it slips into focus and you 're drawn into something with depth , deceptive simplicity ; something so unobviously intricate and artful that one could never grasp all that is there in one or two listenings . This album is chock full of such truly inspired - and inspiring - moments . Even the `` simplistic '' rockers are anything but when fully absorbed . It 's all here ; the foot-stomping bluesy rockers , soul-baring and soul-searching ballads of love and loss , playful funk reminiscent of something like Dance Pt . 1 from Emotional Rescue . Best of all , all the tracks feature the core unit of The Rolling Stones , unadulterated by a plethora of session intruders or multiple producers striving to add `` modern sounds . '' On this disc , the Stones sound relaxed , energized , and comfortable just being themselves . The results are exhilerating . And judging from a recent stadium show I witnessed , the rejuvenation is not limited to the confines of the studio . These mostly 60 + year old men are rocking like they have n't in years ! The proof is on the disc ... and if you 're lucky enough to get tickets - an incredibly powerful live show . I ca n't imagine any Stones fan not loving this CD .
 What can I say?This is a GREAT CD!The best the Stones have done since the mid 70 's . It 's at times fast & loud , then slow & delicate , then bluesy , even a little bit of country . What more can any music fan want from a single record?A great deal of real slick guitar work from Keith & Ronnie including some slide guitar that reminds me of the Exile days.The lyrics are great , too . Sometimes sensitive , sometimes very , very funny ... `` Oh no , not you again '' ! If you are a Stones fan & do n't buy this CD you 'll be missing something from your collection that you should have.A very energetic , very raw record ... it 's GREAT!The Stones are n't getting older ... they 're getting better with this one!My only regret ? I did n't get tickets for this tour because I thought that they had seen better days ... I was wrong . But I still can see them at MSG in January ... Think I might go!If you liked the Stones of the 60 's & 70 's you 'll like this disc too ... Do n't miss it or you 'll be missing a good thing.THE BEST of the Stones in a long , long time!Jeff in NJ
 Their most consistently great album since Tattoo You . Everything the Stones do best is on this album . Rockers , blues , ballads , funk , country and more .
 `` A Bigger Bang '' is excellent ! This is the Rolling Stones ' first album in 8 years .1 . Rough Justice2 . Let Me Down Slow3 . It Wo n't Take Long4 . Rain Fall Down5 . Streets Of Love6 . Back Of My Hand7 . She Saw Me Coming8 . Biggest Mistake9 . This Place Is Empty10 . Oh No , Not You Again11 . Dangerous Beauty12 . Laugh , I Nearly Died13 . Sweet Neo Con14 . Look What The Cat Dragged In15 . Driving Too Fast16 . Infamy
 Let 's start with rationale for the stars rating . Relative to the Rolling Stones ' own recorded legacy , this is a three star album . Relative to other rock CDs being released in 2005 , this is a four star album . So a three-and-a-half star rating seems about right . -LRB- Since Amazon does n't offer half stars , I rounded to four -RRB- . Now for the reality check . Is this the best Stones album since Tatoo You ? Not that relevant a question since all of their albums since then are pretty similar . I would n't say `` A Bigger Bang '' is better or worse than `` Bridges To Babylon '' or `` Voodoo Lounge '' . What we have here , as with those albums , is a handful of really great songs , a majority of pleasant-but-not-great studio rock and roll , and at least a couple of clunkers that should never have graced a Stones album . Which begs the question , did they really need to put 16 songs on this ? Trimming to 12 or 13 would have made this a better CD . More is only better if you can sustain a high level of consistency . You know those mixed peanut cans that have a label stating `` contains 40 % peanuts '' ? This CD would have benefited from a label stating `` contains 25 % forgettable filler '' . Die hard Stones fans need this CD if only for `` Rain Fall Down '' and `` Oh Not You Again '' . `` Rain '' is a stunningly successful stab at funk , instantly catchy and memorable . `` Oh Not ... '' is intense shredding rock and roll completely void of studio gloss . If only there were more like it . A couple of other songs come close but do n't quite match those peaks . `` Sweet Neo Con '' has the potential but it 's downfall is the lyrics are almost childish . No issue with the message , but back it up with more thoughtful lyrics.Few who purchase this CD will be disappointed as it 's mostly pretty good and sometimes very good . I 'm not betting on this becoming anyone 's desert island disc though . If you 're missing any of the Stones albums from `` Beggars Banquet '' to `` Exile On Main Street '' your first priority should be filling that gap .
 This is a great rock album by one of the preeminent rock bands 40 some years into their careers . How can anyone who likes the Stones at all not rant and rave about this slab of music ? If you never dug the Stones , well good riddance and good day , but if you like them at all , this is very very worth getting . They sound like a bunch of hungry kids looking for their next gig/meal , not the elderly rock statesmen they are . What do they have to do impress you if this does not impress you ? Sorry , but apparently they does listen to the naysayers and just keep rolling on happily as they please . This is will go down as one of the best albums of this year and one of the best of their careers .
 A Bigger Bang , The Rolling Stones ' first new album since 1997 's lackluster album Bridges To Babylon is the bands best alabum in 25 or more years . The last album the band made even close to being this good was Tattoo You . A Bigger Bang shows the band in full swing with blistering guitar work by Keith , sometimes Ronnie , and actually Mick plays some impressive guitar work here as well . Charlie 's drumming is as always the heart of the band and at the ripe old age of how ever old he is Mick Jagger still has the sexy british swagger that made him a rock legend some 40 years ago . His vocals sound great as ever and you can here the energy in him , he sounds like he was really excited to get back in the studio . Though his lyrics play more like a Mick Jagger solo album this is still an amazing record.The album opens up with what I think is its best song , ` Rough Justice ' this high energy rocker is filled with great guitar and vocals and really set the pace for the album to come . I think the band made a good decision with making this the lead off single for the album . ` Let Me Down Slow ' is one of the better songs on the album and has a nice guitar break in the middle . Mick 's vocal delivery is really cool here . ` It Wont Take Long ' is a nice rocker about getting over a girl as are most of the songs on this album . Very solid song . ` Rain Fall Down ' is kind of funky and reminds me of somehting off of Bridges To Babylon mixed with Miss You from Some Girls so its pretty cool , but you deffinetly tell Jagger wrote this one . ` Streets Of Love ' is a beautiful song with really nice lyrics . This is one of the best written songs the band has ever recorded . ` Back Of My Hand ' is one of my favorie songs on the album , its really slow and has a nice blues feel to it . The band really went back to their roots on this one . Th elyrics are really cool as well . ` She Saw My Comming ' is another really cool song it sounds like something they would have made back in 1968 and put on Beggers Bangquit . ` Biggest Mistake ' is a sad song about a lost relationship but the lyrics sound really personaly so I think Mick is writting about a real life experince . The next song is absolutly amazing . I love it when Keith sings the songs are always good and most times I like his songs better then the rest of the album . ` This Place Is Empty ' is one of the all time best songs Keith has ever sang with or without The Rolling Stones backing him up , this song truly needs to be heard to appreciate , Keith is amazing , thats all I have to say . ` Oh No , Not You Again ' is such a great song . Its a bout a past love come back to cause trouble . The guitar playing in this song is some of the best that band has ever played . Clearly one of the better songs on the album . ` Dangerous Beauty ' is another good rocker almost like ` Oh No , Not YOu Again ' but with different lyrics . ` Laugh I Nearly Died ' is my least favorite song on A Bigger Bang . Thats not to say that its not a good song because it is , it 's just I think they could have made it stronger . ` Sweet Neo-con ' is a really cool song . I have read reviews and heard lots of people saying this is contrived and just a really bad song . The people who are saying that are Bush supporters . The song is neither bad or contrived . Its abou the mistakes Bush has made and that is why people say they dont like it . I dont have a problem with Bush and that shouldnt effect the fact that I think this is a great song with great lyrics and besides Mick plays some really good harmonica here . ` Look What The Cat Dragged In ' and ` Driving Too Fast ' remind me a lot of each other which isnt a bad thing because both songs are really good and are written really well . The album closes with another Keith Richards sung song , ` Infamy . ' This is more of a rocker then the other Keith song . It is the perfect song to close the album and it reminds me of my all time favorite Keith song , Thru and Thru from Voodoo Lounge . What a way to end a great album!A Bigger Bang is one album that I believe will go down in history as one of The Rolling Stones ' all time best albums . Its easily in their top five of all time . To any classic rock fan this is recomended or to any rock and roll fan really . Do yourself a favor and buy this album to truly understand why The Rolling Stones are put on such a high petastule .
 This album rocks !! The whole album is wonderful . . Jagger & Richards & Wood & Watts . . what a magical combination . . Must Have for all Rolling Stones Fans . .
 If you do n't like this CD , you are not playing it loud enough . Its about power .
 From the opener `` Rough Justice '' to the close of this album , the Stones rock . `` Sweet Neo Con '' is one of the best songs on the album by the way and gives an insight to how the world views us right now . The album has a few songs with Keith on lead vocals too . The Stones deliver once again !!!!
 THE STONES WERE A GREAT BAND AND ALMOST AS GOOS AS THE BEATLES.ALL THEIR ALBUMS INCLUDING THIS ONE ARE CLASSICS.IGNORE THE ONE STAR REVIEWS AND BUY THIS ONE .
 Wow , I really wonder how anyone can not like a band as great as the great as the stones.they have made several classic albums.A bigger bang their latest album has 16 of the best songs like Rough Justice.very very highly recommended.the stones rock , the stones rock , the stones rock , the stones rock , the stones rock , the stones rock , the ston rock , the stones rock , the stones rock.avoid albums from green day , foreiner and nirvana who are over rated .
 I have always liked the stones.They have produced several excellent albums like this one contaning gems like ROUGH JUSTICE.This is the best album of recent times.The stones are great , the stones are great , the stones are great , the stones are great , the stones are great , the stones are great .
 I 've been looking forward to three albums this year , all of which were promised to be great from the industry insiders.The first was `` Chaos & Creation in the Backyard '' by Paul McCartney and that 's a good record that grows on you.Now comes `` A Bigger Bang '' by the Rolling Stones and `` Rapture of the Deep '' by fellow U.K. legends Deep Purple.Well , the Stones have kept up their end of this `` three way '' promise and has come through with a good solid record . A number of tracks are descended to be Stone gems , Rough Justice , Rain Fall Down , Streets of Love , Oh , Not You Again and Driving Too Fast . Plus , some other solid songs.The first time I played the album I was thinking `` three stars '' but after a few more listens , it 's more like `` four stars . `` That 's two album 's down and now it 's Rapture of the Deep . I give the new Deep Purple a `` five star '' rating . It 's a testament to a working band who is still very hungry . It 's what the European fans and press are calling a Purple masterpiece!It 's good to love those old British rockers .
 As predicted , this album is the best in years . I especially like the bluesy Back of My Hand.Although The Stones are using every gimick in the books and inventing new ones to publicize this tour , the album contains a good , solid musical effort .
 This is the best Rolling Stone 's Album in years -LRB- many many years -RRB- . This is the best buy i have done this year . 10 points of 10 points to A Bigger Band .
 Do you know who the Rolling Stones are ? Right . With that lets give the Stones their five stars and move along . And this is just a rock n roll CD . And this is also the age of refining production in the recording studio , where the mistakes have disappeared and perfection must be achieved . And then there are the Rolling Stones , who have somehow combined the two into one miraculous result.Just listen to the soulful `` She Saw Me Coming '' , a punchy track full of staunch and raw energy . But then that makes up just about the entire compilation with the exceptions of Richards ' driven tracks and the `` Rain Fall Down '' droner . Overall the Stones hit a note that should be felt by a population lost in streamlined production.But who 's gon na remeber this ?
 HOW COME PEOPLE DONT LIKE A BAND AS GREAT AS THE ROLLING STONES.THEY ARE GREAT , TERRIFIC , SUPER , SUPERB , BRILLIANT AND FANTASTIC.A BIGGER BANG IS ONE OF THE BEST ALBUMS PRODUCED IN RECENT TIMES.SO GO AND BUY IT TODAY .
 What stands outto me about this CD is how much the songs are written with the common people in mind .
 The Rolling Stones never fail to put out a rocking cd . It totally captivates the listner if you like rock n roll . Highly recommend for any rock n roll fan .
 With the exception of a couple of favored songs , such as `` The Rain Came Down , '' this is just your average Rolling Stones production . I would have given it three stars , but it 's only rock 'n' roll & I like it .
 ... because I always scratched my head wondering why artists when they are young write such great songs , but when they get older , they suck . For example , see U2 . And what 's up with Dep Leppard morphing into the Backstreet Boys ? But not the Stones . It 's like we 're in a time warp , and it 's still 1980 ! And if you disagree with my opinion , you can suck on big moosey juicy one . Word . Sentence . Paragraph .
 This is the best stones cd ever . They are not to old to to rock .
 Diss Rolling Stones LP rocks ! I tink diss is a retouin to da blews dat me and Paulie was waitin ' fo . Da lead singa , da guy with da fat lips named Mik -- prolly after a microphone dat he could et in 1 chomp -- howls like a hurt frog on dis LP . And Keef , dat is da guy wit da bad hare , has learnt to strum the g-tar -- at last . Da guy wit da nose who no one knows his name is funny lookin ' so no one tinks bout him much . He do n't write no songs no how . Da best is Charlie , da drummer , who bangs witout even a smile . He makes Ringo from da Beetles look like da monkey wit a helmut from da Naner Splits TV show . A rockin LP dat u oughta buy if u sees it on sale cheep .
 The Rolling Stones `` Bigger Bang '' is a much anticipated album for fans of the group . It is the first studio album from the band since 1997 's `` Bridges to Babylon '' and it follows a string of live and greatest hits compilations . This album combines rock , blues , and some ballads to create a sound that is generally satisfying and that reminds me of some of the band 's earlier works.Musically , this album does n't get very experimental . On past Rolling Stones efforts , it was common to find songs influenced by reggae , country , and other musical genres . And it was not uncommon to find a song or two that offered a sound that was unique and quite unlike the others on the album -LRB- an example would be `` Thief in the Night '' , a dark tune from Bridges to Babylon -RRB- . But on this album , the songs are mostly safe , agreeable rock and roll , with blues and rock and roll supplying the mix on every track.As anyone knows who follows the Rolling Stones , they can usually be counted on to stir up some controversy on each album . And `` Bigger Bang '' is no exception . The controversial number on this album is `` Sweet Neo Con '' , a politically influenced song about the war on terrorism , religious hypocrisy , and the negative results the world has experienced when these various forces combined together . The song sounds like it was written specifically about George W. Bush , but Jagger says it was n't . He claims it was meant in general terms as an attack on anyone who supports this philosophy.The songs on this album are generally good , but there is one problem I have with the album as a whole
 No `` BS '' , just good songs played by a veteran unit that still knows how to rock.Nothing NEW here , but the difference is clear and simple ... there are more good songs on this disc than on anything they 've put out since the mid-80 's . It 's only Rock and Roll , but I like it !
 To say this is the best effort from the Stones is a wonderful surprise of an understatement ! Thoughtful , intricate lyrics executed by the great vocals from Jagger and Richards.Highly recommend . If you love the Stones -LRB- I attended my first concert in 1965 ! -RRB- , you need to get this album . It has everything the Stones have to offer .
 I 've read the reviews , like I read the clapton reviews . Bigger Bang is the stones back to what they do best . I hated bridges to babylon , Voodoo Lounge was so so and Steel Wheels had some good songs , but this is probably better than all of those . Mick and Keith actually sound dangerous again , not just rich.I know people want the 1972 stones back , it aint gon na happen . And they are never gon na make another Exile on Main Street or Sticky Fingers . If you like the stones , you 'll like this . YOu 'll probably like it more than any new stones CD in a while.And the new clapton STINKS , at least the stones can still make worthwile records .
 Bigger Bang may not be the best Rolling Stones album of all time , but it 's far from being the worst too . The first time I put this album in and started playing it , I felt time warped back to another time . A time when bell bottoms were coming into fashion and music had a real feel to it . This is the Rolling Stones of old in a way , but with a touch of newness to their music . Songs like `` Rough Justice '' and `` Biggest Mistake '' could be right from albums of that time period . Which to me is a much needed thing now adays . The Rolling Stones have brought music back to music with this album . If you like Classic Rock or are just a Stones fan make sure to pick this one up as soon as you can . Actual rating
 Albums like this make me wonder if , just maybe , they 're right . This is n't their best album since Tattoo You . It 's better than that . This is their best album since Exile on Main Street . Yes , I think it 's better than Some Girls . It 's definately better than Tattoo You . The enrgy is so raw , so real , so uncontrived . Micks ' voice sound absolutely amazing . This is pure , real , essential Rolling Stones . There 's nothing groundbreaking , it 's the Stones doing what they do best , and getting it just right on every track . Amazing !
 They could have dropped a few songs off such as Rain fall down and Sweet Neocon and had a simply amazing album . Instead , they have an outstanding one . `` Rough Justice '' snarles at you.Oh , no not you again '' could be from Some Girls . `` She saw me coming '' and `` Let me down slow '' are just amazing.Many die hard fans only want to hear another version of `` JJ Flash '' or `` Brown Sugar '' but the true fans know a gem when they hear it.You can really hear Mick and Keith working together again and not apart.BUY IT !!!!!
 First off , let me say that while I love the Stones , I am not a `` They can do no wrong '' type of fan . I 've been just as bored asmany of you by most of their output for the last 20 years.That said , I think this is probably the best album they ` verecorded since `` Tattoo You '' . No , they do n't reinvent the wheel , but let 's face it , even the most creative artists only haveso many new tricks up their sleeve . What I am struck by onfirst listen is how reinvigorated they sound . All the crunchingguitars , amazing drumwork and great Mick vocals that you usedto expect every time out are BACK . This is by far the strongestbatch of songs they 've come up with in decades . And it onlytakes one or two listens before you begin humming along . Lotsof fun , at times moving , this CD is a winner . Yes , it does goon a bit longer than I 'd like -LRB- How I long for the days of the40-45 minute recording ! -RRB- but all in all , a major success forthe guys . I think it is definitely worth your time and money .
 A notch below for the Stones is a great record for anyone else . I 've been listening to the Stones since 1972 , and Bigger Bang is the real deal . Sparse arrangements and restrained production suit the Stones better than the overproduced music they 've been giving us throughout the 90s . The tigers have been let out of the cage , and the whip cracks again.If you have the desire -LRB- and stamina -RRB- to read over 150 reviews of this CD , you can easily sort the Mick fans from the Keith fans . Mick fans enjoy the ballads and Mick 's lyrical abilities . Keith fans swoon for the rockers . It 's an interesting paradox that Keith fans wish Keith would record a whole CD of ballads , but slam the Mick ballads as `` filler '' every time!While Bigger Bang is not on the level of The Big Four -LRB- Beggar 's Banquet through Exile on Main Street -RRB- it does belong in the second pantheon of Stones albums along with Undercover , Tattoo You , Some Girls and Between the Buttons among others . Rough Justice is the best rocker the boys have recorded in a long time , and Streets of Love is in the same radio-friendly vein as Angie and Fool to Cry . Mick pulls out the political hatchet in Sweet Neocon just to let you know the band can still be `` relevant . `` What makes Bigger Bang such a big bang ? For the first time in a long time , Mick and Keith play off of each other 's strengths , performed with conviction . Think Wandering Spirit meets Main Offender . Well-written songs backed by an awesome groove . That 's what makes the Stones great , and that 's what you will find on Bigger Bang.Yes , the Stones are back !
 The Stones are back in form with an excellent album that starts with some great guitar interplay and then some fun raunchy lyrics in Rough Justice . There are some good rockers -LRB- a couple of excellent ones -RRB- , a few ballads , some funk , a few touches of reggae and a great blues with rock being the dominant theme . Daryl Jones ` woomph ' sounds great on funk and reggae tracks but does n't fit quite as well on the rockers he ` sn not as loose in sound as Bill Wyman was.To compare this to other Stones albums . I can see how people have mentioned ` Exile ' because it is filled with great songs without having classics on it . But it does n't quite make that standard -LRB- not much does -RRB- but it is better than most of the stuff they 've released in the last 20 years -LRB- and lots of those have been very good -RRB- and it certainly beats 99 % of other rock albums around at the moment . One theory I have as to why people say things about the Stones work not be up to the level of past days is that those people do n't have the opportunity to play it LOUD like they did pre-family and electric guitar based rock songs do n't really work UNLESS they 're played loud.So buy this , TURN IT UP and then you 'll see it really is a great album
 Heck , the only thing missing is Brian Jones . If this is your first Stones CD , make sure you backtrack a little bit and get the CD Flowers next or one of the real classics like Sticky Fingers or Let it Beed . I hope these guys keep making music for the rest of their lives . They obviously know what they 're dling.M . Poturich
 Im gon na keep this review short and simple . The stones are back . This album is a much better buy then Bridges to Babylon . Their getting a lot of heat from this album because they are growing old . If this is such a big deal , why does BB King still get the same respect as he did 50 years ago and hes 14 years older than Mick . A must buy for stones fans
 At a time when I was beginning to think Bill Wyman was right about the Stones being an oldies group and living on their Laurels , they have proven me and Bill Wyman wrong.In order to find a Rolling Stones Cd that even compares I have to go back to their heyday in the late 60 's or early 70 's . In my mind their best albums are Let it Bleed , Sticky Fingers and Exile on Main Street . This new CD is that caliber.This is a Rocker , the Stones have somehow gone back 30 years and found the fountain of youth.The CD starts out with a Rocker called Rough Justice and it sets the tone for the CD . It wont take long is another typical Jagger song . Mick Jagger has made a fortune writing about breaking up and moving on with women . I can not think of a single song where Mick writes a true love song.Streets of love is another great song that I find myself listening to time and time again.The best song on the CD in my mind is `` Back of my Hand ' where Mick Jagger plays blues slide guitar . This reminds me very much of You Got ta Move from Sticky Fingers . To me just this song alone is worth purchasing the album.She saw me coming is another song where Mick talks about being taken advantage of by a woman . Classic Mick Jagger.This place is empty is a ballad by Keith that I enjoy very much.Every time the Stones release a new CD I always try to find the new song Keith has written . Keith has become a very good song writer despite his voice . He appeals to me the same way Bob Dylan does , he cant sing but he writes good songs.Oh no , not you again and Dangerous Beauty are also great rockers.Sweet Neo-Con is also very controversial and is an obvious stab at George W. Bush and his politics . Mick makes quite a statement.If you like the Rolling Stones , your collection is not complete without this one ... Get ready to Rock with the Bad Boys of Rock and Roll
 I stopped listening to Rolling Stones albums for strong lyrics quite some time ago , but I never stopped listening to the music . Leaving off the fifth star for this review is a response to the Stones ' reliance on stock phrases and current slang for almost every song here , but the four stars are still well-deserved . These guys sound great from the first riff to the last on `` Bigger Bang . '' Bill Wyman 's departure from the band in the early 90s did n't hurt the Stones at all ; in fact , it shook something loose and made them a real band again , because the three studio records they 've done starting in 1994 have added to their glorious reputation.If you put down the Stones for being old and filthy rich , here 's some food for thought
 This is a really good record . The lyrics are adult , and smart , the playing is excellent , and the melodies are deserving.Naysayers always have to say nay . So pathetic . Like English Lit majors in sad universities . I am far from being a Stones fan , very far , but this one connects blues and rock and roll as only they can . Plus some C & W built in . And , as noted , funk and reggae and other forms that indicate a mastery of styles nobody else does with such panache.The production really seems to go out of its way to highlight Charlie Watts , whose drum tone is not matched in popular music . Check that snare . A man hitting a drum is the foundation of all cultures . Add a great lyricist , and you 've got a civilization . -LRB- cf. Homer -RRB- And as for the sudden outrage that a 61 year old Keith Richards is somehow sexually reprehensible for writing about breasts and being a sexual entity at his `` age '' ... listen to the lyrics . Our `` culture '' is so incredibly Puritan . Sex is evil . Plus , everything is based on a phony `` youth '' ideal that is white , anorexic , and unintelligent . That 's how product sells , I guess . But there is something to be said for the wisdom gleaned , the musicianship accomplished , by a band like the Stones . And sexual wisdom counts.Oh , yeah . Filler ? Sheesh . Rock and roll , by nature , IS filler . That 's the beast . That 's why we love it , do n't ya think ? Chuck Berry never wrote odd songs ? Personal songs ? Songs to make you smile , toss off , and come back to years later , with a new smile?This is a record worth adding to your collection . I hold it in highest regard . Hey , I even like `` Sweet NeoCon . '' The playing is great and the riff is perfect . And the theme warrants attention . Great work from the Stones . Intimations of Mortality suits them just fine .
 Best Stones album in ages . How did the ancient ones manage it ? Charley 's drumming has never been better and the new bass player has apparently rejuvenated the whole band . Only one clunker song out of 16 -LRB- this would have been a double album back in the good old days -RRB- . Check out the last cut for Keith 's best vocal performance ever . Good songs , fine playing , and good production . I very much disagree with those criticizing the production . This album has a nice fat organic sound , unlike so many of the post Tatoo You albums which were ruined by their synthetic overly compressed sound . Love the two political songs . -LRB- Sweet Neocon enters Steve Earle territory , i.e. it has real balls , while Dangerous Beauty is clearly a wicked commentary on the whole Abu Ghraib sexual humiliation/torture fiasco -RRB- . Good job lads !
 I have to be honest up front about this new album . Considering I actually tossed `` Bridges To Babylon '' out of a moving car , I did n't have high expectations for `` A Bigger Bang '' . Watching them perform on the recent tour help put things in perspective , but I still had the gnawing feeling that somehow the new disc was n't gon na be all that good . We hold the Stones to impossibly high standards , which may be why so many recent albums seem mediocre.The good news is everything that makes the Stones such a great rock & roll band can be found throughout this album . It 's chock full of attitude , from the killer drumming of Charlie Watts to the rollicking rhythm guitars from Keith and Ron . There 's even a bit of funky bass playing by Daryl Jones , who mostly stays well in the background just like Bill Wyman used to . Jagger 's vocals are finally mixed up front and you can understand almost everything he says . Of course Mick is Mick , and it 'd be asking too much to get it all in only one listen . It might even take some of the fun out of it . But you can tell he 's actually put some thought to the lyrics.There are several different ways to listen to the songs . First , you can just listen to the song as an organic whole tune . If you get tired of that , just listen to the interplay between the guitarists . Betcha ca n't figure out where Keith starts and Woody stops . Absolutely seemless . You can also listen to the fullness of the arrangements , and how well these songs were thought out . Finally , check out the way Don Was ' production just lets the band do what they do best . No need for sequencers or drum loops ... . just open up the mics , roll tape , stay the hell out of the way , and edit it down later . `` A Bigger Bang '' may not be another `` Exile On Main St. '' or even `` Some Girls '' , but the Rolling Stones have found their groove again and ca n't be written off as a bunch of old geezers . They proved they can still write , play and perform Rock & Roll at a very high level despite advancing age . This album deserves airplay , not because it 's the Stones , but because it 's that good .
 I like this album a lot . It could have been a few less tracks but overall it is solid . A lot of great songs here .
 I 'm giving this baby 5 stars because it has a little bit of everything that Stones fans love about the Stones ... You 've got your `` ca n't you hear me knockin '' riff from the opener `` Rough Justice '' your `` t & a '' riff and vocal style in `` Let Me Down Slow '' and they 're funky `` hot stuff/miss you '' beats in `` Rain Fall Down '' ... But you know what ??? THIS IS WHY WE LOVE THE STONES ... BECAUSE THEY SOUND LIKE THE STONES !!! If you have n't bought a Stones Record in years . . I ca n't recommended it highly enough ALONG WITH `` Voodoo Lounge '' and `` Bridges to Babylon '' which are both great records in their own right ... Skip anything from the 80 's after Tatoo you ... stick with this and the other two if you want some `` contemporary '' and quality Stones . Seriously -- if a record like this came out from some `` new '' band they 'd be hailed as geniuses !!
 To say the stones have been around for over 40 years is some feat . Most bands these days whittle away after a few albums . Not the Rolling Stones . Now they are back with ' A Bigger Bang ' , and all I can say is ` EXCELLENT ' . This album is raunchy , bluesy , rocky and very much stones . The best since Exile on Main Street , and has flavours of the mighty Voodoo Lounge.I recommend buying this album if you want some new flavours from the greatest ever band in the world . But then I could be biased , I love the stones !!!!!! Thanks for this album and hope its not the last !!!!!
 At this point , I find very rewarding to have a new Stones CD with brand new songs and no matter how old they grow they manege to keep their basic sound , high quality songs , great lyrics and playing from the heart , ROUGH JUSTICE
 I am a die-hard Stones fan , have been since the ripe old age of 16 . When others were trying out for rally w / early 80 's Michael Jackson tunes ... i was shakin ' my moneymaker to the likes of `` Jumpin ' Jack Flash '' ... i have ALL their catologue ... a tongue tatoo , been to many live gigs ... and this release is by far harkening back to their days of recording in English Manors , ... where people hunted water-rats , and fed them to geese . I kid you not , `` Back of my Hand '' sounds like circa ' 71 , and that someone accidently spun `` Let it Bleed '' instead of `` Bigger Bang '' . For peeps like myself ... it 's like a welcome home to long-lost friends , the soundtrack to our lives ... has returned ... older , wiser ... yet no-less full of piss and vinegar . `` Oh no not You Again '' ... could 've come right off the tracks of `` Emotional Rescue '' ... the entire thing ... if one is a TRUE Stones afficianado ... is proof positive ... under pressure , facing life 's issues like cancer , and broken promises , the Glimmer Twins STILL got the GOLD !!!
 The best record since Tattoo You . The Stones actually sound mean , angry , and hungry again . Not every song is great , But for as long as they 've been around and to write as many songs as they have , it 's still pretty damn good . Buy it !
 The Stones finally make a GREAT record ! I have been waiting for this since Undercover -LRB- voodoo lounge and Bridge had some decent cuts -RRB- This is a more raw , Leaner stripped down Stones ... like they sound best ... I think the licks tour really breathed some life into this corporation of Rock and Roll ... most all the tracks are rockin ' ... sweet neo con is a little lame musically -LRB- I hate Bush too ... but its still sort of lame cut -RRB- ... NOW IF THE STONES WOULD KEEP THIS UP AND GET RICK RUBIN TO PRODUCE THE NEXT ONE ... GET RID OF DON WAS !
 What a surprise . I heard the hype , and I was like , ya know , these guys are in their 60 's , time to leave well enough alone , right ?? WRONG !!!! What a f**king great album this is.I could not believe my ears . I 've always said I love the Stones , but their albums since `` Emotional Rescue '' have had great songs but alot of filler .16 songs . From track 1 to 16 , incredible !!! Styles bounce from Rock , Blues , R&B ; , but have n't they always ?? In my top 10 albums of 2005 !! I ca n't believe it 's that good.I can only hope I 'm this cool in my 60 's .
 I 've never been a big Stones fan . Saw them in concert in 1965 , bought a few of their albums over the years , and count `` Gim me Shelter '' as one of the best rock songs of all time , but I never quite got the `` World 's Greatest Rock 'n Roll Band '' thing . Certainly in the last 20 or so years they seemed to have been running mostly on past glories more than anything else.But I took a chance on this album -LRB- my first Stones purchase since the '80s -RRB- and WOW - the boys are back ! Their style of music may not be what 's fresh and happening with young folks these days , but it sure sounds awesome to this child of the real Golden Age of rock -LRB- 1964-1974 -RRB- . Plenty of energy , attitude , and instrumental virtuosity - most of these songs just plain ROCK , just like the old days . What a treasure , and what a great revival for the Rolling Stones , who I now think may indeed be the World 's Greatest Rock 'n Roll Band .
 `` Look at What the Cat Dragged In '' is zooming up my personal top ten with a ripping guitar part and Jagger 's sassy vocals , `` Where have you been , lost weekend , '' and even the Beatle jab , `` You look like a leper dressed as Sergeant Pepper . '' This is classic Stones , on a par with some of their greatest tracks . `` Dangerous Beauty '' is cousin to `` Jumping Jack Flash '' with its snarling rock rage , `` You look so fancy in those photographs with your rubber gloves on , but you 're a favorite with the Chiefs of Staff . '' `` Streets of Love '' is a gorgeous expansive Stones ballad with guitars thundering and silencing like passing storms . `` Rain Fall Down '' is another excellent track with its taunting repetitive guitar and Jagger 's telltale vocal , `` And the phone kept ringing and we made sweet love . '' While not every track is equally strong like you 'd find on a greatest hits album , there is so much here that 's on a par with the Stones ' best work that `` A Bigger Bang '' is essential listening from this classic band . Enjoy !
 I have been a Stones fan since I was a child -LRB- I 'm a young fan , only 26 years old -RRB- and I can sing all of their songs by heart . I found this new album to be reminiscent of their 70 's , early 80 's stuff . The lyrics are strong , the beats are even stronger , and Keith just keeps getting better and better . . especially with the song `` Infamy . '' I am a very critical Stones fan and I thoroughly enjoyed this album . I try not to compare it with other albums though because the material is so new and fresh and creative . I highly recommend a listen .
 The newest album from THE GREATEST ROCK AND ROLL BAND IN THE WORLD is a great album but I was somewhat disappointed . The album was incredibly built up so I was expecting to be blasted away . Otherwise , this is a great album from The Rolling Stones and it is most certainly their best album in a decade . The first song on the album is the best , `` Rough Justice . '' The opening riffs of Rough Justice really get the album going . Keith and Ronnie duel , Mick sings with intensity that has n't been seen in awhile and they get back to the usual raunchy lyrics . The driving force of Rough Justice leads into the mid-tempo `` Let Me Slow Down '' . `` It Wont Take Long '' and `` Rain Fall Down '' never really did anything for me but they pick themselves back up with the ballad `` Streets of Love '' . The next track is also the second best on the album . `` Back of My Hand '' is a slow delta-blues masterpiece with Mick on slide guitar . Mick snarls out the words and his slide guitar really sets the tone . `` She Saw Me Coming '' is another decent track and `` Biggest Mistake '' is a good country flavored piece . `` This Place Is Empty '' features Keith on vocals , bad ones in my opinion but again they get back into the swing with `` Oh No , Not You Again '' . `` Dangerous Beauty '' and `` Laugh , I Nearly Died '' just made me hit the skip button . The third best song on the album is the politically charged `` Sweet Neo Con '' which has the best lyrics on the album . You can always rely on the Stones to stick it to the man . `` Look What the Cat Dragged In '' and `` Driving Too Fast '' are both solid rockers . Unfortunatly , `` Infamy '' ends the album on a sour note . Keith really needs to stop singing and just stick to what he does best ; playing incredible rhythm and lead guitar . Overall , A Bigger Bang is some of the best Stones in years . It rocks all the way through and thats all I ask from these guys at their age . I 'm just glad to see that in their 60 's The Stones can still release a solid album of great music that happens to be one of the best albums of the year .
 The Rolling Stones have done it again . This is a classic new style and sounding Rolling Stones album . Songs such as IT WO N'T TAKE LONG , DANGEROUS BEAUTY , SHE SAW ME COMING and DRIVING TOO FAST rock the socks off all the new pretender bands ! Other tunes like BIGGEST MISTAKE , STREETS OF LOVE and KEITH 'S INFAMY show the versitility of the band . Think of it , who would of expected such a well written , beautifully played album from a bunch of guys who were supposedly washed up in the 80 's . Remember the horror of DIRTY WORK !!! BACK TO ZERO WAS WAS EXACTLY RIGHT !! I think this album proves without a doubt that these guys are the best ROCK&ROLL ; band ever !! I know it 's not LET IT BLEED , STICKY FINGERS , OUT OF OUR HEADS , AFTERMATH OR ANY OF THE INFAMOUS 60 's SINGLES . It 's not supposed to be !! That magical period will never be repeated . However , the band has evolved and resurged nicely within the last fifteen years : STEEL WHEELS , VOODOO LOUNGE , BRIDGES TO BABYLON , STRIPPED and now abiggerbang has solidified this bands ' comeback efforts . SO SIT BACK
 A number of old rock acts have come out with `` new '' albums lately , but the Stones have actually produced one with power and lyrics and melodies that stick in your head . They impress with creativity and energy that many of the `` modern '' acts do n't . Some highlights : `` Rough Justice '' and `` Oh No Not You Again '' are some of the more powerful rocking tunes on this CD , good for cranking up when you 're p 'd off , or maybe need inspiration for a good workout . `` Laugh I Nearly Died '' is a bluesy , moody piece , good for those rainy days . So too is `` Rain Fall Down '' , a bit reminiscent of the dark , steamy scene set in `` She Was Hot '' in the album `` Undercover '' . `` Back of My Hand '' is a good bluesy tune in the style of the classic bluesmen with acoustic guitars and such.All in all , this CD should be one that will sit in your player for quite awhile .
 I like Driving to Fast and also Sweet Neocon -LRB- even though Jagger said it is not about Bush-yeh right -RRB- . I even like the Keith Richard 's tracks . This is a well produced cd !
 Who knew they still had it in them ? Mick and Keith can still crank out a fine set of tunes , and there 's a great set of them here . To be honest , I ca n't think of one song that I would skip on this disc . Even the `` Angie `` sequel `` Streets Of Love '' has grown on me , and is actually pretty good . Of course , `` Rough Justice '' `` Back of My Hand '' `` Look What the Cat Dragged In '' `` Dangerous Beauty '' and all vintage Stones tunes , and stand out to me more than anything of Bridges to Babylon . The real stunners for me are actually `` She Saw Me Coming '' , which some knock as repetitive but I was bowled over by it upon first listening , and Keith 's closer `` Infamy '' , which has yet to stop playing through my head . All Stones fans should own this , no doubt . Its just a matter of time until this one gets thrown in there next to `` Some Girls '' `` Tattoo You '' and `` Aftermath '' . Probably not the big four though , as no one will ever top that batch .
 This album is amazing , it could be better but even the Universe has it 's flaws ... even the Bigger Bang.The fact is that this is a bunch of 60 years olders and THEY CAN ROCK !! better than all the overly-image-created teens that rule the charts this days.This is how music is done kids ... and by the way I 'm only 28 years old so do n't think is your grandpa talking . So make yourself a favor and buy this pice of history ... it is really good , very , very good and will bring happy tears in the eyes of those who still have ears .
 First of all , IGNORE Spooky Chick , she 's a moron , to put it plainly . `` Neo-Con '' is a great track , and it 's even better to hear the Stones actually saying something ! And even better than that , it 's great to hear them `` ripping HER President a new one '' and deservedly so . Spooky , keep yer ' stereo on Rush Limberger and the rest of you , buy this cd !
 Yes , this is a BIGGER bang by the Stones . It 's easily lightyears better than Bridges to Babylon , their last true studio effort . It 's as good as Voodoo Lounge , an overlooked album if their ever was one ; oh yeah , that would have been UNDERCOVER ! No , it 's no exile , but it 's VERY VERY GOOD . Good writing , and if you pay attention , the first several songs would seem to be a song cycle about romance - did the girl Mick left Jerry for break his heart ? There 's definitely some inspiration from somewhere - staring over their guitars and working it out obviously was just what Keef & Mick needed . Believe me , this is a million times better than Tattoo You , which was a bunch of stuff left in the can and prettied up for an impending tour . This album IS one you want in your collection - hardcore or casual Stones fan that you may be . I 'm not afraid to say something stinks -LRB- check out the last 25 years worth of David Bowie albums ! -RRB- - this one is the real deal , and worth the time and effort it takes to LISTEN to it . You 'll be pleasantly surprised .
 Well , I thought about it , and I have to throw my lot in with the reviewers that are saying 5 stars . The album is as good as it could be . The production/engineering knew how to get out of the way and let the Stones sound like a bar band . The lyrics , hooks , and solos are all meaty.The Stones either hit or miss , you know ? This one 's a bullseye hit . `` Bang '' will probably go down as the Stones ' best latter-day album because it sounds like timeless rock 'n' roll . It 's not very different from their 70s albums , except that they never meander into any `` experimentation . '' They just lay down great blues rock that outdoes almost all of their younger competition.This album has n't been a HUGE U.S. hit for only one single reason -- American radio just does n't pay attention to music fans any more -- they play what corporate suits tell them to , based on advertising and marketing considerations . That 's why album sales are in a slump -- the industry has lost touch with music . The best albums of the last 6 years have hit the charts , but had little or no airplay -LRB- just think of Norah Jones 8-Grammy winning smash , that had little support on the radio ... -RRB- Take a chance and buy this album even though you have n't heard it too much on radio . -LRB- Parents beware -- even though Mick 's old , he still drops the f-bomb in music ... this is a band for grown-ups , or at least 17-year olds -RRB- .
 Next to Begger Banguet and Exile , this is the stones best album . The Rolling Stones are the greatest band ever . Bands like U2 , pearl Jam SUCK ... they 're all washed up ... Except the Rolling Stones ... They 're the greatest band in history . All those contnders like the beatles , jimi hendrix , beach boys , led zeppelin etc. . . all SOUND THE SAME . The Stones are what Rock N Roll all about . . F *** everyone else .
 I was weened on the stones , they sung my to sleep as a child . Now I 'm in a stones cover band 40 yrs later . And this is incredible . Buy it
 I purchased this album recently thanks to a growing interest in more of their catalog . The album is pretty enjoyable from top to bottom . It may not be groundbreaking or revolutionary , but it does n't need to be . With 16 tracks , you get more than a BANG for your buck . It has loud rockers , ballads and bluesy songs to satisfy anyone 's needs all on one album . I do n't think any of the songs are as good as their newest track in 2012 `` Doom & Gloom '' , but the album is solid from top to bottom , and probably their best since `` Tattoo You '' .
 at first when i bought this CD i thought that there would be some old songs none sounded familiar to me other then that a great CD .
 Stones hit the nail in the head again . The music is flawless as usual , but the news is that in this album the band is sounding a little darker than before , specially Charlie 's drums -LRB- sounds HUGE -RRB- and Keith 's guitar . The result is a hard , raw sound , but still simple and in-your-face rock n ' roll.This CD is simply a must-have to everyone who enjoys good music . Hope they 'll keep on honouring us with great works like this .
 I have followed the Stones since was 9 years old -LRB- 1964 -RRB- . They became my band after hearing `` Satisfaction '' . I have bought every album as soon as it came out since `` Beggars Banquet '' , and have seen them 15 times since 1972 -LRB- I am in the audience for 5 songs in `` Ladies & Gentlemen ... '' and at Zilker Park in Austin -RRB- . I pretty much know when these guys are phoning it in . Although not perfect , this is such a solid effort so late in the game it deserves to be heard by anyone professing to be a rock fan and especially a Stones fan . These are not the same guys who came up with `` Backstreet Girl '' , but they are still at the core a great blues band . Older , bruised , richer , and definitely more reflective . I know all this is subjective -LRB- I never thought `` Tattoo You '' was so great & do n't understand why people like `` Bridges To Babylon '' -RRB- . Ca n't blame them for not doing another `` Let It Bleed '' , `` Aftermath '' , `` Sticky Fingers '' , etc. , etc. . I remember the audience laughing on The Dick Cavett show when Mick was asked in 1972 if he sees himself doing this at age 60 & he said yes . And when Keith is asked why bother , you should have enough money , his response is what do people want them to do ? They 're musicians . Hopefully , as with many blues musicians , the guys in some form or other will continue to make music until they are no longer with us . And this album has a great price !
 Hey , in 2009 no one , including this reviewer , NEEDS to comment on the fact that The Rolling Stones , pound for pound , have over forty plus years earned their place as the number one band in the rock ` n ' roll pantheon . Still , it is interesting to listen once again to the guys when they were at the height of their musical powers -LRB- and as high , most of the time , as Georgia pines -RRB- . This album represents a comeback from the tail end of their most creative period long ago in conjunction with their 2005 world tour -LRB- endless tour , right ? -RRB- , moreover , unlike let us say Bob Dylan who has produced more creative work for longer , is the ` golden era '' of the Stone Age . The album , however , is a little uneven in spots reflecting , I think , a certain exhaustion of material that they could call their totally their own unless the time when they owned a big chunk of rock 'n' roll in the late 1960s and early 1970s . The stick outs here are `` Rain Fall Down '' and `` Oh No , Not You Again '' with a slight kudos for `` Sweet Neo-Con '' from group that has not expressed much politically for a long , long time .
 Waited a while before I reviewed this CD . Recently I loaded it into my Ipod and have been rocking out to it regularly.First of all , I find it to be great fun . Okay so it 's not the best Rolling Stones effort , and no comparison to the greats like Exile on Main St. But there are some rockin ' little tunes here , and certainly enough to rationalize the purchase.Of course my favorites are the ones that most reviewers list as the weakest and least favorites.Streets of Love -LRB- had to be written with Jerry Hall in mind and heart -RRB- & Sweet Neo Con . -LRB- Politically charged and my sentiments to a `` T '' -RRB- Second favorites are Rain Fall Down & Laugh I nearly Died.They may be looking like little old men who have been around the bush and back a million times , but they still rock and roll like nobodies business.I would have given this 5 stars , but it just does n't stand up to some of their older and better masterpieces .
 TO THE STONES , -- Do n't let us -LRB- FANS -RRB- wait years and years for another album . This music is simply fun and exciting -LRB- GOOD -RRB- , so keep going `` ROLLING STONES '' . DO N'T STOP ... DO N'T WASTE YOUR TALENT ... MAKE ANOTHER ALBUM , '' FAST '' . You guy 's are to good not to make more albums . -LRB- p.s. -RRB- MICK , your voice sounds great on this album ... keep it going .
 Pensaba que despues de haber sacado `` Bridges to babylon '' , los Stones no tenian rumbo , musicalmente iba a hacia algo erroneo , profundizando en dos de los cuatro temas nuevos del disco `` Forty licks '' , que son `` Keys to your love '' y el penoso `` Losing my touch '' . Pero ... The Rolling Stones lanza uno de sus discos que para mi no lo esperaba , `` A bigger bang '' , un disco que a pesar de algunos momentos suena a los discos anteriores en la decada del ' 90 , suena bastante fresco . Temas como `` Rough justice '' , `` Let me down slow '' , `` Streets of love '' y la muy cuestionada y odiada por algunos `` Sweet Neo Con '' , muestra una fuerza interpretativa sorprendente , logrando mis expectativas previas . Tambien se da el lujo de volver al tiempo de sus primeros a?os como `` Back of my hand '' , experimentos nuevos como `` Laughly , I nearly died '' y Keith Richards cantando dos solidos temas
 Exile On Main St was -LRB- subjectively -RRB- Stones ' alltime high point , if you will - and partial track scanning on this one will reveal pretty much same formula at work again . Thick mix with mashy studio background and trademark guitar sweeps , to be precise . Which is very good ` cos surrendering to Jamiroquai-induced 80s ' accursed new wave pattern could 've been disastrous -LRB- as proved by track 4 which some reviewers wax raving about -RRB- . Otherwise , glory to Don Was the producer who knows how to fulfill eternal whiteman Jagger 's draw on essential `` black music '' while staying within urban big-beat/r 'n' b asthetics of late 60s . Caution
 People need to realize that its not 1972 anymore and The Stones will never make another ` Exile ' ... . that said , this album is REALLY good . I think it fits in very well with their stronger albums.Their ` prime ' period is long over , but they 're legends and this album proves that they can still put out relevant music thats not manufactured for the sake of making money.My standout tracks right now are `` Rough Justice '' , `` Rain Fall Down '' , `` Oh No , Not You Again '' , `` Laugh , I Nearly Died '' and `` Infamy '' .
 The Rolling Stones come back with ' A Bigger Bang ' -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and a new world tour taking them right the way through to the summer of 2006 . Who would of thought that when the band were formed in 1962 , that forty three years later they would be still going and even more incredibly the biggest grossing rock 'n' roll band in the world . The Stones hold the record for the top 2 most attended North American tours of all time.It 's been a long , sometimes arduous , but mostly magical journey . Including many internal fights , mostly between the self titled Glimmer twins Jagger and Richards , although sometimes involving the others . The dapper Charlie Watts was once summoned from his bed as Mick Jagger wanted his drummer at one of New York 's prestigious parties . Charlie got dressed , arrived at the party , decked Jagger with one punch and informed him , that Jagger himself was purely the singer in Watt 's band . Founder member Brian Jones was fired from the band , and then mysteriously found drowned in his own swimming pool soon afterwards , marriages and divorces have been common place , except for the long lasting marriage of Mr and Mrs Watts . Original keyboard player Ian Stewart met an untimely early death.Whilst Charlie Watts has recently recovered from throat cancer.As well as to many runs in with the law to mention . Mick Taylor replaced Brian Jones on lead guitar but after five years just faded away , to be replaced in turn by Ronnie Wood who after over thirty years in the ranks is still looked upon as the new boy . The bass player retired . When the band hit the road these days , there are over thirty active musicians on stage , with a support crew of hundreds . All the world tours are sold out , and all albums go straight to number one , and are certified platinum , although all efforts at solo albums have met with disastrous commercial results.To cap it all to the world 's disbelieve , particularly that of Keith Richards , the singer in the band is now officially known as Sir Michael Jagger.Which brings us to ' A Bigger Bang ' , The Rolling Stones 27th Studio album , there have of course been dozens of compilation albums , live albums , and exploitation albums from their Decca days . But their first since ' Bridges of Babylon ' -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , before that there was ` Voodoo Lounge ' -LRB- 1994 -RRB- . Both of which although selling well were poor albums by the Stones own standards . -LRB- Try and name one song from either album ? -RRB- In 2002 the Stones went back on the road supporting the release of a double album of greatest hits ` Forty Licks ' -LRB- With two rather patchy new songs . -RRB- The tour was enormously successful , and the Stones themselves were in top form , as can be witnessed by watching the ` Forty Flicks ' ` DVD . But over 80 % of the songs were more than 30 years old . Which proved the point that the Stones could still cut the mustard without having any new product to show off . As three of the main participants were all well into their seventh decade , where also was the point?Then at the beginning of 2005 a new tour and album were announced . Everybody immediately gets excited by the news of a Stones tour , would this be the last one ? Except for us here in Thailand who of course know even if they book a concert it will only be cancelled without reason on the day of the event!But a new Stones album did not at first generate the same buzz . That was until people started to hear it . The Stones have come out with an absolute corker of a rock 'n' roll album . `` A Bigger Bang ' is going to rank along side other great Stones albums such as ' Sticky Fingers ' -LRB- 1971 -RRB- Let It Bleed -LRB- 1969 -RRB- and `` Emotional Rescue -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . It is also the longest Stones album since ` Exile On Main Street ' -LRB- 1972 -RRB- and importantly their most rock 'n' roll album since ` Some Girls ' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- . Don Was who has almost become the fifth Stone produced the album , keeping the sound very live and in your face . `` A Bigger Bang ' is as an ambitious wide-ranging collection of songs , hard hitting rock and blues , running to sixteen Jagger/Richards originals . There is not a filler amongst them , all of the songs here could easily fit into the present world tour set.The album begins exactly as any Rolling Stones album should with a smack straight between the eyes from the guitar of Keith Richards with the testosterone calling card explosion of ` Rough Justice ' a ribald licentious rocker with Sir Mick getting all bawdy , with Keith Richards incendiary bottleneck sliding around like an aroused python , you can hear the sweat running down the frets of the combined guitar necks . Charlie Watts of course commands the rhythm section giving the others a rock solid base to work from . It is to the Stones credit that they still sound like the most rowdy ramble rousers on the block , and certainly the guys you want to keep your daughters away from . There are plenty of highlights including the classic blues of ` Back Of My Hand ' , the first single ` Streets of Love ' Jagger sounds fantastic on songs like the bitchy rocker ' Look What The Cat Dragged In ' or like the dumped sad case on the jilted love tale of ` She Saw Me Coming ' . Only Mick Jagger could sing the ballad ' Streets Of Love ' with his over pronounced English . Quite what a bunch of lads from Dartford England are doing preaching to the American President for on ' Sweet Neo Con ' I am not sure but it is a good tune . Perhaps it is a bit of a sign of the times when rocker ` Driving Too Fast ' sounds a bit like a cross between ' Jumpin ' Jack Flash ' and a lecture on road safety . Just for good measure there are also two Keith Richards sung songs . Keith resurrecting one of Kenneth William 's finest wordplays on ` Infamy ' and stealing the show with the best lyric on the album `` Come on honey bare your breasts and make me feel at home '' on `` This Place Is Empty ' . The Rolling Stones have been top of the tree for touring rock 'n' roll bands for forty years now , ' A Bigger Bang ' will put them back on the top of the recording artists as well . Many a good tune played on an old fiddle.By Mott the Dog .
 In 2005 the Rolling Stones proved once again that they 've still got it . In their sixties they can rock as hard as they ever did . A BIGGER BANG is arguably the best album they 've made since the 70 's . It 's truly amazing that they 're still churning out new , vital rock n ' roll in the 21rst century . This album is straight-up , grade-A Stones ; their distinctive , funk-tinged rock n ' roll swagger is in full effect . Mick sounds raw and dirty and he sings his heart out . Charlie swings and Keef cranks out loads of fantastic riffs . Mick 's underrated guitar playing is all over the album as well . A BIGGER BANG is full of humor and heartache , sweet sentiment and raunchy sex . It 's classic Stones yet it still manages to sound fresh and contemporary . No , there 's nothing here that can match a song like `` Start Me Up '' or `` Shattered , '' but everything here is at least good and it all adds up to a great album . A must for any Stones fan!Breakdown ! `` Rough Justice '' - kicks off the album in full-throttle rock n ' roll overdrive . First impressions had me thinking it was a little forced to fit the bill , but now I just think it 's great . The first line is classic
 I must say , the stones still have it in them.As someone said before my , this is not the next best thing or the record to redefine music , it is just straight ahead good rock.Man they are 60 + and listen to them ! Real musicians only get better with time ... it 's the public that stop listening really listening to what they are saying once they are not `` pop '' `` mainstream '' or young enough.Listen to the record , yes it is a great record ... Oh one last thing , Sweet neo con , IMO is the best song on the album , music and lyrics , it stands on it 's own as a great song .
 This CD , along with the Stones 2007 Wall Calendar , made a perfect gift for my rock 'n roll sister . Perfect pairing . We are contemporaries of the Stones and its good to see the old guys still tearing the house down .
 A bigger bang is a good stones album and one of their best since Sticky fingers and Exile on main street.I really thought that the stones had lost it after some awful albums like voodoo lounge but they have redemeed themselves with this great album containing good songs like Rough justice and Go down real slow .
 Ok , truth is this album has a whole bunch of `` been there , done that '' . But my question to you is ... whats wrong with that !!?? This album rocks . The more I listen , the more I want to listen . As usual with these types of albums , the first single -LRB- Oh , No Not you Again -RRB- is by far the worst song on the album . But Songs like Rough Justice , It Wo n't be Long , Laugh I Nearly Died , Rain Failing , and Let Me Down Slow just are vintage Stones and deserves to be cranked!I mean , the truth is , so much of music today STINKS . Rock and Roll is just about dead . This album gives me hope that others will follow the Stones heart .
 The first time I listened to A Bigger Bang , I was unimpressed . The songs all seemed lackluster , and either too trite or too contrived . But after a few more listens , I have started to warm up to it . While it might not be a GREAT album , it is a good one.What I find interesting about many reviews of A Bigger Bang -LRB- not just those on Amazon , but those from many professional reviewers -RRB- , is that everyone seems to agree that the album is too long . They all say it would have benefited by omitting a handful of tunes , but then they vary about which tunes are the keepers and which are the losers.Here 's my list of the expendible tunes : - Rain Fall Down - Back Of My Hand - Oh No , Not You Again - Dangerous Beauty - Driving Too FastI fully expect that other reviewers will disagree with my selections and prefer to punt a few different tunes . But that 's the whole point of my review
 With the twilight threatening to become a full on sunset the Rolling Stones have somewhat surprisingly -LRB- well to this listener anyway -RRB- halted the dying of the light and brought out a genuinely excellent new album . It 's loud . raucous , bluesy in parts , and overall bloody good . Sure there are one or two songs they could have left off -LRB- both featuring Keith as it happens -RRB- but there are a thousand bands out there who would kill to produce even one song as good as the songs on this collection.I 'm not going to run the list of songs but instead I will tender this advice to Amazon readers thinking of buying this CD . Do not hesitate ! Go straight ahead and buy the thing and then play it loud . You can dance all the way through and you wo n't even need beer to help you ...
 A BIGGER BANG . Waddya know ! I can remember when it was reasonable to expect a new Stones album every year -LRB- if not more often than that -- and I 'm talking incredibly good stuff , too -RRB- . Admittedly , they could n't be expected to keep that pace up for over 40 years , but the muse seems to strike only rarely these days . This one is n't `` incredibly '' good , but it is good , and better than a number of the band 's more recent tries -LRB- personally I liked VOODOO LOUNGE a lot , but that 's another story -RRB- . I confess to a rather lukewarm reaction at first , but I find that A BIGGER BANG is growing on me the more I listen to it . It 's to their credit that the boys have managed to stick together and still play with the energy displayed here after all these years . Make no mistake , the Stones can still rock.The downside , for me , is that , although I hear a number of songs I like , there 's nothing really memorable here ; nothing so compelling that I just have to keep listening to it . There 's no Satisfaction/Jumpin ' Jack Flash/Honky Tonk Women/Gimme Shelter/Brown Sugar/Midnight Rambler , etc. -LRB- you get the idea -RRB- . It 's slick and competent , but not quite infectious or catchy . Still , I like it and it 'll get plenty of playing time.As with any album , there are some tracks I like better than others . Among my personal favorites
 In the pantheon of great rock bands throughout the years that have managed to either not break up , or more importantly , bothered not to DIE . . -LRB- Yes , U2 and the Rolling Stones -RRB- there are comparisons to whatever they have ever done in their past . Being reborn and renewing oneself only applies to Madonna and other semi plastic bands that really were more image than music . . and making anything that anyone will listen to without a bucket load of prejudice is something that the Rolling Stones have to deal with every time they kick out any output ... What are the Rolling Stones -LRB- RS -RRB- to do with this problem ? Well the past 15 years has really been tough on them , and the fans for that matter ... with the only real exception being Voodoo Lounge . . most of the releases were fairly forgettable . . and you have the feeling that the RS might have been sleep walking through the motions just to make an album to tour ... However , everytime a new release has been kicked out ... a lot of hype gets pushed out with the release the industry gives to the rolling stones since the rolling stones give back such a massive amount to the touring industry with its gazillion earning tours ... so it 's hard for consumers to really read a review and get an honest take on the quality of the RS product ... . makes you wonder if the RS wonder the same thing ... ` Is this really a good cd or are they just telling us it is ? ` Well , this CD is good . In some parts , quite excellent . Some songs really grab you ... I particuarly like the songs ` She Saw Me Coming ' and ` Looked What The Cat Dragged In ' and ` Rough Justice ' . . but all the songs are good songs , and they sound greasy . Good rolling stones releases have always sounded greasy ... is there a more greasy sounding recording ever than ` Exile on Main Street ? It could be said that the RS invented greasy rock and roll with that release , but there we go again , comparing this cd with old RS releases , but relax . . this is NOT the new EXILE , but it IS N'T the drek that they have released the past 15 years either -LRB- Voodoo Lounge being the bright spot -RRB- . So , do n't be like you have been the past 15 years or so , or even if you are a recent fan of the band and have been trying to figure out what the hub bub about this band is about . . this is a good snapshot of good Rolling Stones music.Have fun .
 I am a big Stones fan . I own just about everything they ever put out and I 'm surprized I did n't get this one right when it came out . I must be crazy or just ashamed . Honestly , when I heard the little clips of each song it did n't really blow me away , it sounds like they made more songs that have a Do n't Stop sound to them . I plan to get this one as soon as possible , I was excited for a new one after 2000 , but wanted more . More blues and an older sound . It 's pretty crazy that the Stones made an album in 2005 !! Wild man . I 'm impressed . I mean this guys have been kickn ' it out 20 years before I was even born and 20 years after . Jagger has the most energy I 've ever seen for an old dude . They will never be as fresh as they were back in the late 60 's with Let it Bleed , Beggars Banquet , Aftermath or even the 70s with Sticky Fingers , Exile , Goats Head , but man they still have the guts and the talent to keep on kickn ' out some jams and yelpin ' out some vocals , showing everyone that they can still get the job done . They love what they do and they are doing it with a Bigger Bang of pure new Rock and Roll tunes for Stones fans and rock fans all around this globe . I say keep on rockin ' Rolling Stones . Do n't stop untill some fat lady is that Bigger Bang .
 First 5-star I 've ever given.The Stones 'd have to make a quantum leap performance over the last decade and one-half to deserve one but damned if after repeated listening to this and their older stuff they do n't pull it off.People need to get over their fixation with certain past Stones albums . I 've loved them too.But their has never been a release that grabbed me thruout on FIRST listen . -LRB- Including most all the past ` loved ' ones -RRB- . All the elements that make the the Stones the Stones are in place ... right down to the passion , swagger , and nastiness.The lyrics are serviceable and that 's all they need to be for the Stones.But the production is clear AND raw . The rythym section is indominable again , and Mick 's voice -LRB- which makes or , often , breaks their songs for me -RRB- is SUPERB . . great delivery and inflection thruout.His performance on Laugh I Nearly Died ' is ASTOUNDING . -LRB- And I NEVER sit thru whole Stones ' ballads -RRB- . The best vocal performance he 's EVER given . Not terribly far off in nuance from a few soul singing master 's . They are in P E A K form.If you get over comparing it to your precious Main Street/Tattoo You or whatever -LRB- what do you want them to do ... copy it -RRB- ... and connect with the essence of what the Stones are ... I think you 'll see this is quintessential ... in spirit and delivery.Rock and Roll Rebirth at age 62 ! Beautiful !
 Give the boys a break . To put forth this much energy into a rock record at their age ai n't easy . Especially when you 've got arguably the best back-catalogue in rock music . Then , you throw in all the emotional turmoil the band has been through of late and it 's amazing they could even put out an album at all ! Having said that , what I am most impressed about here is the sound & sonic quality . Keith 's guitars burst forth , Mick 's sneer comes sneaking through & Charlie 's drumming , ` nuff said . Producer Don Was must have laid off some of the controls a bit to give the album a `` live in the studio '' rather than `` digitalized & layered '' sound.No longtime Stones fan will confuse these recently penned songs with anything from the bands heyday , but the overall sound of the album is very close to `` Black & Blue '' & the 80 's release `` Dirty Work '' . There are no exceptional `` riffs '' or truely great songs here ; just a collection of really good tunes that make you proud to admit you 're still a Rolling Stones fan . For longtime fans , rejoice and open your wallet . This is the best album since `` Dirty Work '' . For newcomers to the Stones ? Well , you add to cart too . Let these AARP card carrying members show you how rock is supposed to be played .
 With the past couple of studio albums , my expectations have been very high , especially given the band 's roadworthiness in the past decade . Guess its silly to hope for more than a glimmer -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- of their special magic , last weaved consistently in the early 70 's . Both Voodoo lounge and Bridges To Babylon did provide brief glimmers . You can always count on a couple of world-class rockers and a couple of pearlers where Keef takes the lead , and maybe a couple more tracks that , whilst not being amongst the band 's best , are pleasant surprises.Even the two low-points of their marvellous career , Dirty Work and Undercover , had a couple of excellent tracks . Just to hear Keith 's guitar crunch is enough for thousands , and the fact that they 're still going is joy enough for thousands more.I dare proclaim this is at least their best album since Tattoo You . If it had a Start Me Up or Waiting On A Friend I 'd say it was the best since Some Girls , or maybe even Exile!Beware , there 's still a couple of misguided ballads , not least of all the first single Streets Of Love . MOR Commercial FM rubbish listeners will lap it up , but it is truly turgid.Sure , there 's some filler and some cheese , but the really great thing about this album is that the Stones sound like they mean it . By far , its the most organic they 've sounded since giants roamed the earth.Hearing them sound like they believe it really adds some joy to this effort . Fans will revel in a band still clicking after all these years , even if the songs are n't all stonkers.Keith is playing like on his solo records . Charlie is still the anchor , Ronnie playing some great slide , and Mick 's vocals rising above the frequently monotonous tone he can slip into when just going through the motions.Oh , yeah , and turn it up really loud !
 What is going on here ? Where have the Stones been hiding these songs?There 's cause for longtime Rolling Stones fans to celebrate the release of `` A Bigger Bang . '' Actually several causes , and it 's difficult to point to where one should start . Would it be the nasty riff of `` It Wo n't Take Long '' ? Or the sweet funk of `` Rain Fall Down '' ? Maybe the grimy , bluesy and grim `` Back of My Hand '' or the sweet Stones ballad `` Streets of Love '' ... Hard to say . The point is , to a lifelong -LRB- 37 years -RRB- Rolling Stones fan , these songs sound at once like new glories and old friends . Unlike `` Steel Wheels '' or `` Voodoo Lounge '' -LRB- two discs I really liked -RRB- these do n't sound like `` new-era '' Rolling Stones . These songs sound like they could have been recorded in the seventies.There 's no overproduction or need to slick up the sound of Keith 's guitar . Charlie 's solid beats are as recognizable as Mick 's snarl . This is one band only , and every single song on this CD sounds only like a Rolling Stones song . Even the two that Keith sings are signature Stones , not outtakes from Main Offender or Talk is Cheap.What a great year for rock and roll . What a great surprise . With Ameriquest sponsoring their tour , a tour with the money-grabbing gimmick of on-stage seating , there was every reason to expect this disc to sound like the Rolling Stones Revue . Not even close . This is , to a lifelong Stones fan , one for the vault . This is one of the great ones . If you 've ever loved the Stones , this will be a quick love .
 The Rolling Stones have suceeded in my opinon with this new record in outdoing present day rock-posers . It is unfair to compare it to any earlier effort , becase they speak here of contemporary times . Now is where it 's at ; Not 1981 or 1972 or 1968 , but 2005 . Funny we do n't allow rockers the same grace we give jazzmen or blues singers/artists . An aged jazz player is given points for substance and soul rather than looks . But not so with rock and roll.But if posers are what you want , psuedo-angry music industry sellouts , then stay away from this record . Hey maybe you can invent somthing of your own rather than copying from the 1960 's . It 's only rock and roll ... still
 This is one of the best Stones albums in a while , The last couple albums havent been the greatest but this is a comeback , I 'm not going to go into detail but if you like Led Zeppelin , The Beatles , The Experience , or any of the other great bands from the 60 's and 70 's this is for you.EVERY SINGLE BAD REVIEW IS FROM THE SAME GUY UNDER A DIFFERENT NAME ... read them you 'll see what I mean .
 If it takes the Stones 5 plus years to have a new release , so be it if it is going to be be as good as `` A Bigger Bang '' . Not one bad track and plenty of rockers to boot . You have to give Mick tons of credit . Not only does he write and sing , he extends himself out with playing guitar , harmonica and the bass.Yes , the bass ! `` Rough Justice '' - They are performing this song on their latest tour . Though TV always bleeps the lyrics , there is the classic line `` Once upon a time I was your little rooster , now I 'm just one of your cocks '' . Yeah , Mick is still a wildman . `` Let Me Down Slow '' - What a fantastic song . Charlie keeps the beat , Mick sings with his drawl and the guitar solo , which is Ronnie 's , has a country rock flavor . This shows these guys can not dry up musically . `` It Wo n't Take Long '' - A simple rocker , but a rocker . `` Rain Fall Down '' - A change of pace being a soulful arrangement.This too is included on their current tour . They always offer you a variety . I can hear a little of `` Miss You '' in this track . `` Streets of Love '' - A love ballad with a story . The line `` The awful truth is really sad , I must admit I was awful bad '' soundsa little shallow and off key but it is a small blemish on an otherwise strong track . `` Back of My Hand '' - Gosh , I love this old time blues . It has been awhile since the Stones have done something like this track . The original three , Mick , Keith and Charlie only performthis song . It is cool . `` She saw Me Coming '' - Another favorite and again another rocker . Love the lyrics and the bass , which is Mick . This should be a radio song . `` Biggest Mistake '' - This track has a nice flow . Mick is on a roll with his lyrics . Same comments as `` She Saw Me Coming '' regarding the radio . `` This Place is Empty '' - First song for this release with Keith on lead vocals . People can be turned off by his vocals -LRB- and really he ca n't sing all that well -RRB- but Keith is Keith . It is a nice love song . The guitar/piano interplay is tight especially at the ending . `` Oh No Not You Again '' - Where `` This Place is Empty '' calms you down , this track wakes you up . You know where Mick stands on this previous relationship . `` Dangerous Beauty '' - Again , only the original three play on this track . Love Charlie 's drumming on the first pause and Keith gives a powerful solo . `` Laugh , I Nearly Died '' - Mick sings excellent here and lo & behold some more versatlity - he plays piano on this track . `` Sweet NeoCon '' - A distinct song - something only the Stones could pull off . Mick 's harmonica is fantastic . Again , just Mick , Keith and Charlie . `` Look What the Cat Dragged In '' - This song reminds me of INXS , especially those guitar licks . `` Driving Too Fast '' - Some more classic Jagger drawl for the vocals and another impressive rocker . `` Infamy '' - Play on words - the lyrics being sung -LRB- by Keith -RRB- are `` You have it IN FOR ME '' . This is Keith 's song . Not only does he sing , he plays guitar , bass and piano . Charlie 's double drum beat is cool too.Are The Stones still `` The World 's Greatest Rock n Roll Band '' ? Yes .
 This band 's musix never gets old . Mick is still rocking . I love the new CD , it 's just as good as their first album from way back in the day . I love the new material on this album , it 's strong and makes you want to dance . I love their older tunes , too , like Satisfaction , Brown Sugar , and Paint It Black . I love the Stones ' version of Pain It Black as well as the version of Paint It Black by the Animals , Vanessa Carlton , Corinna Fugate , the Who .
 I 'll be 46 in January 2006 , and have been a Stones fan since I first heard Get Yer Ya Ya 's Out when I was about 10 in 1970 . I remember eagerly awaiting the release of albums such as Sticky Fingers , Exiles , IORR and so on . I lost interest after Tattoo You , but still kept in touch with what the Stones were up to , whilst my musical tastes broadened.To cut a long srory short , I sit here typing this review listening to A Bigger Bang for the 10th time through a pair of Ultimate Ears UE10 Pro Earphones -LRB- the very ones Mick uses on stage -RRB- . Suddenly I get it , this album absolutely rocks with power and emotion . If I could create music of this energy and turn on huge crowds like these old boys can still do , I 'd never give it up.Onya boys , keep going ... lets see how far this thing can go .
 From first sight it is apparent that A Bigger Bang is something different . Unlike the last five or six Stones ' CDs there is just a simple photograph of the band on the cover , with no logo or the usual elaborate packaging . In fact , it is reminiscent of their first two British LP albums -LRB- Rolling Stones 1 and 2 -RRB- , both of which featured a similar ambience . This may be in fact deliberate because the content of the new CD is a triumphant return to the kind of the honest rock music that no one other than the Stones -LRB- except for AC/DC -RRB- is capable of creating any longer.Put simply , the songs , the performances -LRB- especially the guitar work but also Mick on the harp -RRB- , the production , and the sound are outstanding and reinforce the legend of this , the premier rock band of all time . Bigger Bang is also something of a relief , as their last two cds -LRB- albeit nearly a decade ago for the last one -RRB- , Bridges to Babylon , and Voodoo Lounge were competently crafted , but for the most part uninspired and boring . Bigger Bang proves that they were right to lay off for a while.As always in their career , when they have something to prove they respond , and they have done it again -LRB- e.g. Beggars Banquet after the weird and pointless Satanic Majesties Request and Some Girls after the equally weird and bloodless , Black and Blue -RRB- . Some have compared this new CD to Some Girls , but a more accurate analogy might be to a fleshed out Emotional Rescue -LRB- without , thank God , the eponymous disco studio experiment -RRB- , with a range of styles from straight ahead rock , `` Rough Justice '' to blues , `` Back of My Hand '' , to ballads etc. . For all of its eclecticism , however , the rock edge prevails - and it is excellent . -LRB- By the way , other reviewer , `` Rain Fall Down '' is not an attempt to sound `` modern , '' it is a song style of the type that the Stones ' first introduced with `` Times Waits For No One '' on It 's Only Rock n ' Roll in the early 70s ! -RRB- It is not an infrequent comment -LRB- repeated on this forum -RRB- about major groups and individual artists , that if they were not already famous their most current effort would not warrant much attention . In the first place , this is a specious somewhat asinine comment
 With this latest offering , The Rolling Stones -LRB- Mick and Keith -RRB- once again remind us of how many of their peers have gone up in smoke while they keep toolin ' along like a finely tuned roadster . Easy and breezy , gas and go.Look into the rearview.Jagger and Richards will keep their eyes on the windscreen.Bye , bye .
 After the letdown I felt after purchasing Steel Wheels , Voodoo Lounge and Bridges to Babylon , I was n't getting my hopes up too high when I put the cd in the Sony walkman . What a very pleasant surprise . This album is great . The groovy , rocking She saw me coming is my favorite upon first listen but This place is empty actually made me cry - Brilliant ! That 's why I love the Stones . When they 're at they 're best , their music makes you FEEL.I 've listened to the cd 3 times in a row and I think this cd is a brilliant triumph for the Rolling Stones . Mick never sounding better , 2 great Keith songs and excellent production . Great Album guys , says a 41 y.o. African American from Boston who 's loved the Stones since Satifaction .
 4 stars by comparison to other RS albums , 5 stars compared to any other band.These guys are in their 60s ? If you didnt know it , you wouldnt think that , they sound very youthful on this album and theres not really any weak track on the album either . People want the Rolling Stones to come out with another ` Gimmie Shelter ' , or another ` Paint it Black ' , or another ` Beast of Burden ' ... too bad , move on , the Rolling Stones did and if so many people quit rejecting them without giving their new material a shot , you 'd find plenty of gems on this album , for exampleLet Me Down Slow - 9/10It Wont Take Long - 9/10 ... a good bluesy f-u song to ex ` sStreets of Love - 10/10 ... This is what U2 would sound like if they had some style and better song writing skills - the lyrics might be a bit cheesy coming from RS , but the melody got stuck in my head immediatelyShe Saw Me Coming - 9/10 ... This song is as good as any past hit theyve recorded , I 'd take this song over ` Brown Sugar ' ... These are the 4 songs ive noticed first , this album just came out this week and I might not know all the songs by heart yet , but I can tell theres quite a few hidden gems on this album , try giving it a few more listens ... And high praise for the anti-bush song ` Sweet Neo-Con ' , its nice to know a band of such power and popularity holds back no risk in losing fans to attack the worst `` leader '' USA has ever seenPeople still obsess over over-rated bands like Led Zeppelin -LRB- dont get me wrong , im a Zep fan , but they werent that great -RRB- while the true Kings of Rock n Roll blues release a great new album like ' A Bigger Bang ' which -LRB- I own all of Zeps albums -RRB- is better than just about any Zeppelin album aside from Zoso.Ignore their age , the Rolling Stones still f-ing rule.A mediocre RS album is still better than 99.9 % of other albums being released today , and this album is far from being mediocre on any level . After 43 years , pretty incredible ... and theres also a new Sigur Ros album , and a new Neil Young album this month aswell . . pretty damn sweet.Keep rolling guys . -LRB- now you can click ` no ' ` cus of my comments about U2 and Zep -RRB-
 This is a solid one from the stones , it 's not the same as their seventies stuff or 80 's but who cares it 's very good indeed . The boys made a much better release than the songs on forty licks by far . This was much more back to basics and they do a good job here . I enjoyed every song on this one immensely .
 Good mix of songs ... You got soft songs like Streets Of Love/Biggest Mistake and it 's got hard rockers like Rough Justiceand Look , What The Cat Dragged In ... Also , it has a good bluesnumber in Back Of My Hand ... I give it 41/2 stars . The only reason I do n't give it 5 isbecause there is no clear cut hit here . . And the productionis alittle off the mark . Also , must every band throw out atypical bash George Bush song ? It 's really very tired andunoriginal .
 Play it loud and play it often . Like previous Stones albums , the songs really do sound better the more you hear them . Some folks are saying this is the best Stones material since Exile on Main St. The problem with Exile was that maybe 5 out of 18 songs were worth listening to , the rest was weird filler stuff . On Bigger Bang , all the songs are sing along worthy , plus the band is really in the groove instrumentation wise . I would say this is the best stuff since Beggars Banquet and Let It Bleed , the two great Stones albums that albeit very short , every song was great , with no filler crap . You will enjoy Bigger Bang .
 I am the Stones Authority . It is heartening to read so many favorable reviews of this album . Actually a relief , a relief to know that I was not going out on a limb and just looking like some some sort faded jaded Stones junky that has lost all objectivity . I love the album . From the opening track `` Rough Justice '' leading into my personal favorite `` Let Me Down Slow '' , the album takes off at a sprint and does n't let up until they feel it is time for you to catch your breath , just to let you know that they understand everyone thinks they are old , but they can still kick your ass . `` It Wo n't Take Long '' is a mean , choppy rant that hooks you , and you 'll be humming it to yourself later.Now , there are some bad songs , just a couple . The worst is Sweet Neo Con . I do n't need political commentary from my rockers . That was one thing that I always liked about the Stones was that they were not preachy . They were not trying to save the world . It 's Only Rock and Roll . I do n't need the contrived self-righteous Bono trips and Springsteen screeds of the common man - for crying out loud - have seen the joints that these two nitwits live in . Al Gore just bought an 8 million dollar mansion on the beach , with cash , clearly he ai n't that worried about rising sea levels ! The point being , when you preach , you ca n't help looking foolish and hypocritical.But this is a small sin towards the end of the album , so you almost do n't notice it after you are hit by another long string of great tunes preceding it , such as `` Streets of Love '' , `` She Saw Me Coming '' and `` Biggest Mistake '' - another personal favorite of mine on this album . And fortunately , despite the lapse into preachiness , the album finishes strong , with even a goodnight kiss from Keith.We had to wait so long for this one . I do n't want it to end . Just one more like this one , one more before we say goodbye.The Greatest Rock and Roll Band in the World . Tell me that I am wrong .
 This is the crown jewel of the Stones long and successful journey . It is true to and as good as any of their previuos works , right from the beginning . Its ' all here . . all the Stones sounds we have come to love over the last several decades . No dissapointments .
 WOW , ROLLING STONES ARE UNDENIABLY THE GREATEST ROCK BAND ON THIS PLANET.THEY HAVE MADE SEVERAL MASTERPIECES AND EACH AND EVERY ALBUM OF THEIRS IS A GEM.THEY ROCK AS HARD AS PINK FLOYD , THE WHO , LED ZEPPELIN.THE MUSIC AND LYRICS TO THEIR SONGS ARE FANTASTIC.F@#K THE RETARDS LET IT BE AND THE GOD THAT FAILED.FOREIGNER , DIRE STRAITS AND G 'N' R ARE UNBELIEVABLY BAD.AVOID ALL ALBUMS FROM THESE BANDS AND GET ANY STONES CD INSTEAD .
 I have avoided most of the Stones ' albums , since they seemed to have a strong A and a weak B side to fill out the album . This album has a consistently strong sound all the way through . Maybe it 's the CD format intead of the vinyl , but the music is great , listenable , relistenable .
 Ok first of all i wan na say that I 'm too excited since yesterday I saw them live at Monterrey -LRB- estadio universitario -RRB- , and GOD IT WAS THE BEST SHOW EVER !!! I SAW FROM A 5 FEET DISTANCE !!!!!!!!! MICK I LOVE YOU MORE THAN MY GIRLFRIEND ! KEITH , RON , CHARLIE , YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME !!! About the album : As all rockers know , newer albums tend to be sucky , but I got ta tell you that this album is really good . They made a more rockish style than before . Got ta say that I really enjoy `` Oh no , not you again '' , `` This place is empty '' and `` Rain Fall Down '' .
 Love the starting riffs to this CD , evidence of how great this band is , with its seemingly sloppy play hiding a tightness most bands could only dream of achieving . A large collection of styles as well , from disco-era Stones -LRB- Rain Fall Down , with a jangly Edge-style guitar riff -RRB- , to a great blues tune -LRB- Back of my Hand -RRB- , to some Undercover-type rockers that should get some play in the clubs to several songs that are what the Stones do best , pure rock & roll -LRB- Rough Justice , She Saw Me Coming -RRB- . While no songs approach Brown Sugar or Honky Tonk Women status -LRB- which is rock & roll perfection -RRB- , that was a short period of time when Mick Taylor was with the band - is this album as good as Miss You or Undercover of the Night ? Absolutely , if not better , though I suggest dropping about 5 songs to get to LP length for a much better listen.Also , flee if you care about thoughtful , witty lyrics , which I do n't , I care exclusively for the music , the lyrics here are often as cliched as you can get , both from Mick and Keith - but if you love hard-chargin ' Stones letting it go - they 've never played better and there 's plenty of great material for years of great listening .
 This is the album where the Stones return to their older style of music -- good old rock-n-roll . This is much higer quality than 1989 album Steel Wheels . While not as good as Exile , this is an excellent album . A Bigger Bang is a very good mixture of slow songs and fast rockers . This album proves that while the Stones may be old , they still have what it takes.Some excellent songs are Laugh , I Nearly Died , and Rough Justice
 Cutting loose and letting go . The Stones are back with a wonderful new cd and they put some real Stones sass and stank on it for once . For the first time in a long time the band seems connected and together , not distracted by studio musicians and the overreaching professionalism of crummy backup singers . Yes , great Rolling Stones backups are back and god bless . This cd is full of great classic Stones tunes with nice guitar tones , meaty riffs and a renewed freshness . As a band there is no one making records with music this good out there at this time , no one ! Mick plays soulful harp , fat bass , drums , and Keiths voice is back in the mix . Amen . This cd is really good . Buy , buy , buy !!
 Just having - RAIN FALL DOWN is worth buying .2 nd Fav would be the bluesy - BACK of My Hand ... guess I 'm a bit sappy but I liked - This Place is Empty.This CD still Rocks My World ! Enjoy .
 I really enjoyed this album . I 'm not a fan of the blues however I like about half of the songs on it . If you 're a true Stones fan you 'll really like it . I recommend you get this album it 's a keeper
 Here 's the deal ... these guys are OLDHere 's the deal ... these guys are OLD.But , this is their best CD in about five tries.It 's not innovative , controversial or anything unexpected from THE MICK CREW ... but ... it rocks.And rocks consistently and pleasurably.Fair enough .
 Strip out the filler and you have a damn good recording . Maybe that 's what artists and companies expect us to do for ourselves in the digital age ... for our own good we are being given creative control . But I 'm old fashioned and expect to buy something that 's already been edited.I think a very good 10-song release would have been something like the following -LRB- in order -RRB- :1 . Rough Justice2 . Let Me Down Slow3 . Driving Too Fast4 . Rain Fall Down5 . Look What The Cat Dragged In6 . This Place Is Empty7 . Laugh I Nearly Died8 . Back Of My Hand9 . Infamy10 . Oh No Not You AgainSorry if I left off anyone 's favourite track but the other songs are forgettable -LRB- and that 's being kind -RRB- .
 The 2 word review for any Stones album including all of them over their entire career are spoken by Mick at the beginning of `` Exile On Main St. ''
 I dont write many reviews , either its real bad or real good for me to want to share my opinion . Well this is one of those that isreeeeeeal good ! I havent heard a Stones recording with so manygood songs in a long time , if ever . Usually there albums have a few really great songs and some average one 's , often enough justenough for you to want to buy it . Almost every song is great onthis CD , and the more you listen the better they get . I look forward to listening to them again and again . If your an old Stone ` sfan I highly recommend this CD and you wont be dissapointed ! . I hope this review helps and for all you NEO-CON 'S GET OVER IT !
 This album did n't live up to its predecessor -LRB- Ferociously Stoned -RRB- , but it is still quite good . Cosa Nostra is an enchanting song ... ca n't get enough of it .
 This Cd kicks ! Buy it , `` Say it to My Face '' is the best Daddies song except Zoot Suit Riot . So , what the heck are you waiting for ?
 this is not swing ... more like punk-ska . luckily i was expecting this after i got zoot suit riot . but if you 're like me and love punk and ska as much as swing it will be all good
 awesome music , nothing that I do n't like x-ept for `` we 'll always have paris '' . `` say it to my face '' , `` irish wiskey '' and `` don quihote '' are the best .
 I bought Soul Cadillac about 2 years ago listened to it once and then forgot about it until this year . I needed to hear more . Kids on the Street rocks . There are no bad tracks . this band is so versatile , the songs are clever . This is ska , so if you are expecting swing you may be disappointed or pleasantly surprised . You ca n't find this kind of stuff on the radio . I anxiously await Rapid City Muscle Car .
 I 've had this CD for several years , and after hearing it again recently , I feel I owe Cherry Poppin ' Daddies a good review . This CD is out of this world . As you grow , your taste in music grows , and this CD has a favorite song for every genre of music that anyone can grow through . I honestly did not think it was possible for a band to write the best song of a genre , and then do it for a different genre , and again for a different one . . it does n't end . Honestly , you owe it to yourself to buy this CD . While they may be more `` swingy '' now , this CD only shows a hint of swing . The lyrics are truly breathtaking . . so much further above and beyond anything that you 've ever heard . Each band member is absolutely terrific at what they play . The CD is put together well , it 's not like one of those CDs where , if you have some friends over , you want to get up and skip over some not so good tracks to impress them . This is one where you can let it play on , and each track they 're guaranteed to like . Some say that this CD is a little poppy , as if they were trying to get on the radio . I guarantee they were n't trying to get on the radio , they were trying to show you that they could even go into that area of music strongly enough as all the other areas that they 've conquered.Hope this helps ... bottom line is , buy this CD , you wo n't regret it . Honestly , the only better thing you could do with 15 bucks is donate it to charity .
 Well , if you are gon na buy this album you should n't expect what you hear on CPD 's Zoot Suit Riot . This album is mix of a bunch of different stlyes and it hits great hights with Irish Whiskey , Don Quijote , Millionare , We 'll always have Paris , and Kids on the Street . This CD didnt let me down at all , and will lead you into the CPD world of a band that is not resricted to play one style of music . Definitly add it to your CPD section to your CD colection .
 Having been a fan since the beginning , I can truly recommend this as a good introduction to CPD 's true identity . They are a great swing band , but they did NOT start out as a swing band , and they are certainly much more . This album is one of the few I can listen to all the way through -LRB- I have a short attention span -RRB- . =-RRB- `` Don Quixote '' rocks harder than just about anything ever did . -LRB- You should hear it LIVE !! -RRB- Basically , it 's an excellent album . Enjoy this one , then ease into the funk sounds of Ferociously Stoned -- definitely the work of a younger band , but just as good !
 4 out of 5 stars from me is really good ! i do n't like many kinds of music but this is it . CPD is the band ! My favorite is We 'll always have Paris . They make this mix of ska and punk into the best songs . From numbers 1-15 , i will never be pushing the forward button . Cherry Poppin ' Daddies have the best taste in music and ill be listening to it as long as i know . One more thing , when you buy it make sure you know its ska and punk and not all swing .
 For years , I 've been searching for the perfect rock . The fine line , the midpoint between Metallica , and the Spin Doctors . I searched hi & lo , and finally , I found it . On the Kids On The Street album , by the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies . This album proves that the CPD can write/play any genre of music , and do it absolutely outstandingly . They are just pure geniuses ! CPD , if you ever read this , I LOVE YOU !!
 Its a slight change from the three other albums they have made , but they still create some great music . I 've enjoyed every CD the Daddies have put on the market and this album `` Kids on the Street '' is no exception . Their style is original and up beat . You ca n't go wrong with this CD .
 This is not the precursor to Zoot Suit Riot . It 's great ska and punk flavor . Wonderful lyricism and impeccable musicianship . Steve Perry 's voice changes throughout but stays smooth and transforms every song making me wonder if `` Silver-Tongued Devil '' is autobiographical -LRB- He 's got a voice like a tuxedo and pink champagne -RRB- .
 The Daddies have NEVER been a solid swing band . If you know anything about this band then you 'd know that this disc is by far their most ambitious attempt at rock and roll ; although `` Flovilla Thatch ... '' from their first album is my favorite CPD song . Just listen to that great rap in the middle ! I 'm glad they set aside the swing thing for their rock roots on this album . The title track is a definite radio-worthy song that was unfortunately overlooked . I 've been a fan for many years and have seen them many times . I would TOTALLY miss the inventive rock-minded side of CPD if they decided to go all swing . But I doubt that would happen because Oregon 's AMAZING eclectic musical family would n't allow it . They 'd lose too much credibility . To all those people who discover the variety that is CPD -LRB- as well as other Oregon based bands -RRB- , I hope you accept it and not dismiss their genius . Buying this album is your first step to doing so , as well as building the long-lost art of loyalty towards a band worth more than one-hit-wonder status . By the way , to the guys in the band ... we 'll see ya at home in Oregon .
 When I first bought this album it was n't what I expected . However the more I listen to it the more I like it . There could have been more horn involvement but I 'm sure the CPDs tried there best . You decide .
 I enjoyed this one just as much as the others . Anthony has always amazed with his personal style of music . As a long time fan ... we were high school friends ... he continues to entrance his audience .
 As a student of one of the musicians on this CD -LRB- piano player John Maellaro -RRB- I am proud to have teacher who can play so well .
 Wonderful driving latin rhythms and tight arrangements make a perfect backdrop for listening to this incredible jazz pianist who manages to astound and amaze far beyond his monstrous technical skills . The recording begins with a solo blues and progresses to latin jazz arrangements with hints of fusion , at times hypnotic , and all composed by Gonzalo . Unfortunately , the CD does not list the other musicians on this recording . If you are looking for standards , this is not it . On the other hand , if you can dig a meld of latin-jazz-fusion , this is definitely worth many listens !
 Since I 'm not a huge fan of electronic music , I was surprised to find this album so enjoyable . The album can best be described as cinematic filled with loads of sound scapes and mood altering sounds . I absolutely love the song `` Loves Lost -LRB- and Found -RRB- '' for its soothing and almost supernatural feeling . If you enjoy electronica such as Orbital and The Future Sound of London you 'll probably really enjoy this album . If you 're looking for something to sing along to ... you 're looking in the wrong place .
 Apathy and Celph tear these tracks up , and all the guest appearances do their jobs well too . Basically , the Demigodz leading pair maintain their positions of power with this c.d. and stay in command of the underground . So long as you can get past the price of this import ... cop it and enjoy .
 granted its a import so the cost is a bit high , the cd contains quality beats and tracks . A bit short disc length wise , but thats to come with the quality . Great disc , get it while you can .
 1 . Walkin Round Town2 . Do n't Ge Her Queens Up3 . Smile4 . Tonight5 . Look Forward , Look Back6 . Sunday Morning7 . Lullaby For Leila8 . Muddle Through9 . My Father 's Son10 . Without You11 . By Request -LRB- Day 's Walk -RRB- 12 . More Of What We Are
 I have always been a Tracy Lawrence fan -LRB- in spite of what the media prints -RRB- , therefore I could hardly wait to listen to this Cd in it 's entirety . I was not disappointed ! I have not only played it until I know the words to every song , I have passed it on to family members and friends . I was very eager to see what the second release off of it would be . I felt no matter which song he released he could n't go wrong . Every song is incredible ! I would like to say I have a favorite but they are all so good that it 's hard to say . I am particulary fond of Long Wet Kiss and I 've Been Up All Night , but when I heard Just You and Me , I fell in love with Tracy all over again . If he has learned from his personal experiences-so be it , but his musical knowledge shines through on this CD . I recently had the opportunity to tell this to him at Fan Fair . I could see the change in his demeanor just by watching him with his fans . I choose not to listen to what the media prints and let him know he 's got a devoted fan in Janesville . Keep the music coming Tracy .
 As a HUGE Tracy Lawrence fan , I have to say I think this is his best album to date . It 's so great to have him back on the scene , with such a terrific list of songs . I love every one of them , but my favorites are The Holes That He Dug , and The Man I Was . If your waffling about picking this one up or not , do it you wo n't be sorry . It 's fantastic !
 It 's been a long wait but this album is worth it . From the upbeat and fun `` Long Wet Kiss '' to the sexy `` Just You and Me '' , there 's not a disappointing song on this album . Tracy 's voice sounds better than ever.The only problem I can find with this album is -- how can you release this many songs as singles ? They 're all hits !
 I was eager to see which song would be the second release off of this CD . No matter which one he released I did n't think he could go wrong . Every song on this album is great . I am especially impressed with Long Wet Kiss and Up All Night , but when he sings Just You and Me , I have fantasies about him . I have always been a Tracy Lawrence fan -LRB- in spite of what the media prints -RRB- and I can see he has really matured as a singer . I recently seen him at Fan Fair and as I watched him interact with his fans , I felt I could see he had matured as a person compared to last year when I seen him . I had the opportunity to tell him that I thought this CD was incedible and he said thank you , that they were really proud of it . He has a devout fan here in Janesville .
 This album is filled with so much emmotion . I think that Tracy is putting his past behind him and as his fans we should too . Tracy 's voice is strictly traditional country , a true gem .
 My Best Friend ... # 5 . The words of this song tell it all . Without a doubt ... My Best Friend .
 Tracy Lawrence has true talent with a wonderful voice and should never doubt his fans or himself ! His song `` Up All Night '' is just great ! He truly is like a fine wine - he just gets better with time .
 I am from Tracy 's hometown and went to school with him , however it does not make me prejudice . I love his music , because it has meaning , depth , rhythm , and touches your soul.He has come a long way and has worked hard to get where he is today . No matter what comes his way , he proves to be a better singer and person , because we all have lessons to learn . That is what life is all about , is n't it ? He is also a wonderful down to earth person and I hope he keeps on doing what he does best !
 I think this may be the best CD Tracy has ever put out . I will be glad to see him on tour when he comes to Nashville .
 I got this albam the day it came out with just knowing the new song Lessons Learned which is the best country song I heard in a long time . Then I got this albam and I absoultly love all the songs . Tracy did the right thing and take time off to write and sing such a great albam ... If Tracy reads this I want to say excellent work . Music fans get this albam you 'll like it alot .
 Every song on this cd is very good ! Great slow love songs , & good old up beat country ones ! I think this is Tracys best work ! His music gets better w / every new CD ! I realy joy it ! This is a MUST HAVE for any fan of Tracys , or any fan of country music !
 Undoubtly , this is Tracy Lawerence best artistic product . He shows maturity and talent in his songs - a man who realized who he was , who he is and hopefully , where he 's going . `` Lonely '' is pure country energy strumming through the lyrics and in the melody . Haunting , best describes the way the song replays in your mind long after the song is over . `` Lessons Learned '' and `` Up All Night '' keep with the tradition of a great Tracy Lawrence `` kiss of perfection '' . Definitely a CD any true country music fan would have in their collection .
 Being a fan of Tracy 's since 1991 , and following the ups and downs of his career , i 'm pleased to say this is one of , if not , the best of his albums . With such powerful , expressive songs as , '' lonely '' , and '' From the inside out '' , Tracy expresses some of the deepest emotions a man has to go through . Along with traditional toe-tappers like '' long wet kiss '' and '' Up all Night '' , Tracy is very eager to please his fans who 've waited 3 years for something new . Finally , the title track '' lessons learned '' is the pinacle of this album . Its statement touches the hearts of those who can relate , even more so than a prior ode to family life , '' time marches on '' . I believe Tracy 's progression into this phase of his professional career , has made me realize he is still a true talent , and that the lessons learned by him , have only made him stronger . Welcome back Tracy !
 Tracy picks up where he left off with his last album without missing a lick . This guy 's going to be the fellow my little angel , Hailey , remembers as the singer her daddy always played in the truck while they were riding to the store , to a ballgame , or anywhere else that provided a need to pop in a CD . The title cut is excellent , but is probably surpassed in pure country enjoyment by `` Unforgiven '' , and I 'd say that `` Long Wet Kiss '' will be the star of this show before the curtain falls . Definitely a nice addition to the Tracy Lawrence catalog .
 3 years ago , Tracy Lawrence released one of the best albums to come down the pike with The Coast Is Clear . Welcome to 2000 and after a long hiatus from recording Tracy has proven that he is still a talent to be reckoned with , on Lessons Learned , his sixth studio album . Every track on this disc is a winner , the highlights being `` Lessons Learned '' , `` Steps '' , `` Long Wet Kiss '' , `` Unforgiven '' and `` Just You and Me '' . I have been a fan of Tracy 's music since the beginning and this time around he has proven himself to be a more mature artist in the choice of songs and in his own writing . This is a must have album for any collection .
 I personally think Tracys new CD is the best he 's ever done ! He shows a wide range of emotions . It shows in this CD that he 's matured and is changing his life . I love the CD and Listen to it all the time ... Nice work Tracy ... Keep it up ! One of Tracys biggest TLFanatics Laurie
 In this day and age , when the line between country music and pop music is beginning to blur , along comes a cd like TRACY LAWRENCES , `` LESSONS LEARNED '' , which is pure country music at heart . A powerful Cd filled with strong emotion and heartfelt songs . There are so many hit singles on this album , you will find your favorite somewhere .
 TRACY LAWERENCE DOES IT ONCE AGING.HIS CD IS GREAT I THINK AS HE GETS OLDER HIS MUSIC GETS BETTER .
 Bought this cd many , many years ago . I ca n't truthfully name one song from it , but I will vouch for Tracy Lawrence , he 's a good singer !!
 this cd is just about as good as it gets , from an artist who never ceases to amaze me . there are some really good cuts on it , including LONELY , THE HOLES THAT HE DUG , THE MAN I WAS , and of course the title track , LESSONS LEARNED . when it comes to TRACY LAWRENCE , one thing is clear . there is never a bad song in the lot !
 Estos temas son una mescla de lo viejo y lo nuevo demostrandonos la prograsion de su fraseo y su sentimiento . Goyeneche tiene el alma de un tanguero verdadero y eso se puede escuchar sin duda , en todas sus interpretaciones .
 I first heard of Craig Hayes at a Sunday evening service in the Bronx . They were on program with Jae Nixon and a few other locals . I mean when Craig and the choir sung they did it with conviction . It was worth staying past 11 pm to hear them . I have every release most on cassette , but I got my money 's worth and then some.Craig and the rest of the choir you are still high on my list of gospel artist . I 'm currently in Nashville and no one here has never heard of you all . Get here in a hurry !!!!!!!!!!! Be blessed .
 Listen I know this choir like the back of my hand grew up with every member of the band . Corey , Byron , Rob etc. . All you people need to know is that the band is tight very tight and Craig is a very anointed teacher and minister he leads by example . When the choir sings I mean they sang with all the might that God has given them . They do n't get the proops like they should but good is blessing and i know I 've been lifted by all the Cds . If you are in the Trenton Nj area check them out at a live at 5 or something go to Ace record shop and pick up there Cd its hot or just ask your local retailer for the CD . They also have a new release out so check that out also . YA Heard me . Love Ya Craig ya boy Larry
 Craig Hayes & United Voices are one the more powerful choirs that usually get overlooked by more popular gospel artists . However , do n't let their status fool you . This is one powerful choir ! Since Craig 's ministry is focused more on youth , there 's a lot of upbeat songs that 'll definitely get your ear 's attention . This is must have for gospel fans .
 CRAIG HAYES AND UNITED VOICES IS A VERY ANNOINTED CHOIR , AND THEY ARE REALLY ABOUT TO BLOW UP . THEY ALSO HAVE OTHER ALBUMS THAT 'S NOT LISTED , SUCH AS LIVE IN MONTREAL AND THAT ALBUM WAS ALSO HOTTT !
 This CD is excellent ! The songs on it are nice and gritty , and some of them deal with things other than boy-girl love -LRB- Unconditional , My Best Friend And Me -RRB- . I know I 'm committing heresy here , but he may even be better than Travis Tritt . Only future albums will tell though .
 A new entry to the Outlaw Country genre . Although that statement is n't completely accurate since some of the songs on this album show a softer side to Davidson than his outlaw side.When I first heard this album , my immediate thought was that we now have someone to carry on the rock , outlaw , blues country . The sound is a familiar southern country sound that Travis Tritt , Hank , Jr. and Waylon Jennings perfected years ago.Davidson showcases a strong voice while adding lyrics that are n't forced . His voice is haunting as you remember some of the best of genre and wonder if they are n't coming through Davidson . It is wonderful to see the industry signing artists such as Davidson ... . it proves that the industry is n't abandoning the strong southern country sound in favor for the new country-pop crossover acts that are all too frequent . If you are looking for an updated `` Good Ole Boy '' album , this one is it !
 It 's just the best ! every single title is a hit in my book . I look foward to his next cd .
 Clay Davidson rocks with his country music . I love Travis , but Clay takes the cake . This guy not only looks killer in a cowboy hat , he can sing like no other . I love the songs , Unconditional , I Ca n't Lie To Me , and Sometimes . A good CD to listen to anytime . The songs make one think about things . Keep on singing Clay , I am listening !!!!
 I 've only seen Clay 's video on `` Unconditional '' and have since listened to Amazon 's snippets of some others but I have to say I 'm inpressed with his sincerity and soulfulness . I 've loved the song since I first saw it and I felt that Clay 's voice and actions during the video showed me that he truly believes what he sings about . You ca n't just mouth the words to a country fan , you have to make them believe it too - good job Clay . I plan on buying this CD as soon as it finds its way to Alaska .
 Clay Davidson definately has another hit with `` Sometimes '' to follow `` Unconditional '' . He is one of the few new truly country artists left with the onslought of people using country to break into the pop charts . This CD is definately worth the money . He has a great voice , and some great songs on this CD . If you only have enough money for one CD , this one is the one you buy .
 I attended a live coming out performance by Clay last night presented by WIVK in Knoxville Tn . Clay stood there alone with his guitar and mike.He made one of the most talented performances that I have heard without assisted electronics . He is pure southern rock/country . The song `` Unconditional '' is fantastic and straight from his soul . The look in his eyes and actions confirm that he is a man with his feet on the ground and he will always remember where he came from . I too , came from Saltville , and it is a very close knit community full of proud people . Good luck Clay ...
 unconditional is good , but `` cant lie to me '' is even better . it touches on an issue that is often scoffed at . The personal life of a pro wrestler . I really see Clay going far . He has a voice that is screaming to be heard ... Good luck Clay ... and the video was awesome !
 Scott Hendricks has found a guy with real sound ; not just a sorta boring dude in a slick hat . Clay 's voice , while not exhibiting outstanding range , is smooth while roughly raw enough to sound like he 's inhaled enough of customer 's smoke in crowded bars in which he 's played . Fine song structure and real sound of country , with good guitar filler thru the songs . Lyricallly nothing fancy , but I mean this in a good way ; good play on words in many songs . Fine energy . I 'd give this 4-1/2 stars , the main drawback being the production may be a bit too slick . I 'd like to attend one of Clay 's shows and hear him perform with free rein -- perhaps a bit more raw .
 Amazon - Where did you come up with Rick Mitchell ? He blasts Clay Davidson for using top Nashville pickers . Rick , they get hired because they are darn good ! Also , Mitchell implies Davidson is a phony who 's hiding behind some outlaw pose . Huh ? Unconditional - the song - is pretty touching subject matter . Most of the lyrics on the CD are much closer to sensitive male territory than they are to the Land of Outlaws . I assume it 's possible that at some point in his career Davidson will have his live band participate more in his recording sessions . However , the quality of this CD is not diminished by the players . And if Davidson has adopted a pose , I guess that would make him no different from Iggy Pop -LRB- bohemian-junkie -RRB- , Lou Reed -LRB- intellectual-junkie -RRB- , David Bowie -LRB- pick a pose -RRB- , or any other singer in show business . as it is , this is an excellent CD by a very talented singer-songwriter .
 I bought this cd when it first came out over ten years ago and it 's great . I still listen to it to this day . Wish he would have put more music out . A +
 What 's the story with this guy ? Why was only one album released when this guy is so talented?Well produced , performed songs . I especially like the title song , `` Unconditional , '' and the album 's closer `` We 're All Here . '' By all means purchase Davidson 's disc ; highly recommended .
 I had this CD years ago in my collection but somehow misplaced it . When I found this listed on Amazon I grabbed it quickly because it was n't likely to be in any store so long after it 's initial release . So glad I did because now I 'm enjoying it even more than before !!!! Amazon is awesome !
 This CD is n't made anymore . Searched EVERYWHERE . Found it instantly on Amazon . It was a surprise for someone I really care about . I was thrilled beyond belief because he was when I gave it to him.Kathy
 I know that sounds cliche these days . But seriously , here 's an example of a good LP that got no kind of support whatsoever . Deloach had the production behind him with S1 -LRB- Strange Fruit Project -RRB- He displayed the skills to carry his own weight . And while it was n't perfect , it was far and away from being trash . Of course , if you 're into mainstream rap , where the artist -LRB- if you can still call them that ... -RRB- have n't broken out of their mode of talking about the drug game , the number of women he has on his arm and how hot his whip is , you 'll totally dismiss this one with a quickness . Deloach is a true throwback to the days when MCs had true skills and you better bring your best material or get dealt with in front of the crowd . And there 's a difference between Deloach and the average every day artist we hear today , being that , he 's not pretending to be something he 's not . That 's refreshing in this day and age . This LP was done out of the love for the art form , not the money as well . Seriously , you ca n't really go wrong with this one .
 i was really excited to have finally seen this dvd . i had heard about the film for a while , and it was definately worth the wait . `` songs for cassavetes '' is a good film to start with if you have any real interest in indie music , or even those -LRB- like myself -RRB- who have loved this music for a while . the film is shot in beautiful black and white and i liked the sound of the live performances . it gives the sound of the bands as they are live , full , loud , and raw . the real treat for me was seeing the henry 's dress segment -LRB- who should have been more popular in my opinion -RRB- and the interviews with molly neuman of the always rockin , bratmobile . being a musician myself , it was inspiring to see these bands and know that they were doing what they wanted and how they wanted to do it .
 this is a documentary about the underground scene.done in murky black & white to show it 's undergroundness , this is a good documentary showcasing rock bands who have done it on their own without corporations and selling out.for people wanting to start their own bands this should be somewhat of an inspiration in showing you that there is hope still in being heard , without having to resort to corporations.that is if you are n't in it for the materialism of the world.so i guess this is n't for everybody seeing as there are so many poseurs out there.instead , if you are an individual and not just another sheep in the herd , than i do suggest seeing this.it turned me onto bands i had not heard of such as dub narcotic sound system and the hi-fives amongst others.i also loved seeing footage of the band sleater-kinney who are one of the newer bands worth listening to.so check this out if you 're not a hip-hopper or a devotee of american idol garbage.with any hope documentaries like this will inspire more and more people in realizing that creative/experimental and different kinds of music do need to be heard and are much more important than the mindless corporate sludge that is being programmed and forced down our youths throats in fear of peer-pressure .
 I heard this cd in a store for the first time and had problems tracking it down -- thanks amazon ! This cd is pure piano music , but it is so full of emotion , it sings in ways vocal arrangements ca n't . I love the Piano music -LRB- # 2 -RRB- -- the cd from the movie is n't as nice as this , as well as the theme from the Snowman -LRB- # 1 -RRB- -- brings back childhood memories ... . Highly recommended !
 Each new CD becomes my favorite , but this one is so special and haunting . I first heard him playing one of these songs on a baby grand and I was mesmerized . He is truly talented . I highly recommend . Also try his `` My Favorite Things '' & `` More My Favorite Things `` JMHO / / -LRB- * _ * -RRB- \ \
 This album has familiar selections that you can hum and original pieces by Mr. Strickland . It wonderful to listen to the piano without a lot of distractions . It makes nice music to have playing as you read or go about your daily chores .
 This was my first purchase of a Mike Strickland CD and it was a worthwhile one at that . Satisfying melodies set to arrangements suitable for everyday listening . Not so grandiose and loud that require a specific mood for listening . Rather arrangements that allow his talent to be easily heard .
 I saw Zweig play in New York in a small club where he packed drums , bass , himself on guitar and vocals , two string players , and two or three horn players all on a little stage . It was practically an event , instead of just the standard East Village rock show . Totally moving . I bought his disc after the show.The record at times is a lush work with full string and horn sections , other times it just rocks out , and other times it 's quiet acoustic -- just him and his guitar . Yet somehow , it all ties together . Like the reviewer below `` Long Slow Burn '' is like nothing I 've ever heard before in my life , it just destroys me . Really a beautiful record .
 I found this disc to be non-specific upon first listen . On the recommendation of a friend , I listened again , only I turned it up and tuned everything else out . David grabbed hold of me and we dove head first into the story of a young man coming to terms with his frustrations , insecurities , fears , loves and emotions in between.I found it easy to relate to what the singer was trying to work through . I found it a great relief to know that this musical mad scientist feels the same way I do , the only difference is the masks we wear to hide our fears.With the ache of his voice , to the rupturing horns , I found it important to listen to the truths he spoke . Never has a cd so changed the way I view myself and those around me.This is the most important disc that I own .
 This album is on the level of The Soft Bulletin . It surpasses that of Good Morning Spider and approaches that of Loveless.Zweig is a gifted , young musician who has a Kevin Shields ear for layering complex sounds , and a Billy Corgan sensibility for melody and production . All Now With Wings is one of those albums you can listen to a year after purchasing it and still notice nuances you 'd previously overlooked.I bought this cd when I purchased Abbey Road , and although I love Abbey Road , All Now With Wings remained in my cd carousel far longer . Songs like `` Fall Apart , '' `` Anything and Everything , '' and `` Long Slow Burn '' are among the most important , seldom heard rock songs of this era . I 've truly , never heard anything quite like them , and , they 're still extraordinarily accessible . Same goes for the opus `` Time is Moving . `` Zweig is an enormous talent who I genuinely hope garners the attention of some major labels , as I believe , judging from his songwriting abilities , future output from him could be truly groundbreaking .
 If you thought Bleed 's debut was hot , your gon na get roasted to this . `` My Own '' has a different sound than his first record , but that 's what makes it great . He uses lots of samples from the 70 's giving it southernplayalistic style that 's unmatched . The message conveyed through his lyrics is more than just a mission about money and cheese and thuggin ' . Ghetto celebrities Too Short and Daz found their way onto this record , but they are an afterthought . The narcotic effect of Bleed 's southern drawl and story telling ability that spawned his first record just accelerates on My Own . Get this if you want to `` listen '' to a message , not just `` hear '' words .
 This album is much better than his first album in my opinion . songs like `` Give and Take '' and `` A Minute Ta Breathe '' give this album a much more raw sound than My Balls and My Word . Great album .
 This the best Album Bleed Put out ... . I been riding to this CD longer than Santa been coming down chimneys ... The message delivered still applies to this day . Listen to the 1st track and keep it rolling . ya dig . . tabernacle
 Young Bleed done always dropped verses different from erebody on da tank . This hands down got ta be his best cd . He proved that No Limit wasnt the only reason he was sellin , like a lot of the artist who fell off after they left . Buy this album !
 Alright people I 'm going to tell it like it is ... like I always do . Young Bleed along with C-Murder who is now in jail , Master P , Silkk , Mac , and Soulja Slim were the tightest in No Limit . Soulja Slim is now deceased , C-Murder in jail and Young Bleed is not with No Limit which believe me is a good thing now . I will admit , this is Young Bleeds SECOND best album behind My Ballz And My Word . I do n't know how one could even argue that but nonetheless this is a good cd .
 Young Bleed left No limit just in time . if this one had been released on NL i would have left it on the shelf . he wouldve been another wasted talent . But he really established his credibility as a rapper on this one , hes just kinda taking his time on album # 3 . tracks with Too Short , daz , and others mean that he has a real future , hes not too tied to the whole no limit thing to grow .
 I am really not six ... just filled out the wrong form . I was worried when i found out that Youngbleed was previously affiliated with the whole no limit movement . But after hearing his debue single , `` give and take '' , i was throughly impressed with his beats as well as his distinguishable vocal flow . I took a chance in buying the album and found the album to be real quality . His melodic flows are smooth enough to put a baby to sleep but his lyrical content will definately make you open your eyes . The producers on the album give many different flavors on `` My own '' . `` Could n't see it '' is one of the funkiest beats i have heard in years while the self titled song `` My own '' has a real soul feal -LRB- all songs still have that underlying dirty south beat -RRB- . The guest mc appearances are all unknown to the mainstream industry but all are upfront and have the ability to produce sick flows . If you like hearing intellegence in the south ... a.k.a. outcasts , and the youngbloodz , you should give youngbleed a chance . The more and more i listen to it ... the better it gets .
 Young Bleed 's debut was hot ta death , no doubt , but there was just something about it that did n't click well . Maybe it was the label it was on , No Limit . While that did catapult it to Gold sales , it might have turned some people off , thinking it was some more of the same ol' No Talent BS . Well , Bleed is gone from No Limit now , and his sophomore effort picks up right where his debut left off . Although short at only 12 trax , it truly is very well put together . Trax like `` All They Lef Me Wuz Da Streets , '' A Husla , '' `` A Minute ta Breathe , '' and `` My Own '' are very nicely constructed , showcasing that southern comfort type feel to the fullest . This album has very few guest appearances , which is a plus becuz it gives Bleed more time to shine . But Too $ hort stops by for a nice collabo on `` Time and Money . '' But the best track on here has to be `` Trecherous . '' Clocking in at only 2:28 , it 's pretty short , but Bleed makes the most of it and rides the deep bassline to the fullest . Overall , this album could 've been a little longer , as it leaves you yearning for more . But Bleed has definitely proven that he does n't need Master P to be successful . He can do it all on his own .
 Yo , I 've been supporting Young Bleed and his type of music since before his deal with no limit or C-loc Records , Ai n't Nothing change . His voice is different from any hip-hop/rap artist on the market . I kinda disliked the fact Master P got all the fame from `` How you do dat , '' and most of his other hits off My Balls and My Word , most people do n't even know about the original versions of some of those songs that was put on the No Limit Label . My Own is definitely off the chains , meaning it 's worth buying , ya heard me . Bleed keep doing your thang and Represent Baton Rouge like you know how !
 This cd is truly tight . My Own is a good mix of that dirty dirty and Midwest Muddy , as only Young Bleed can bring it . He is truly one of the tightest and most slept on southern mc 's around . The album is put together well , so it flows from one track to the next . You got ta check the track featuring Daz . When a song involves a Curtis Mayfield loop , it 's destined for some great ish ! Ya heard me ! HOLLA
 This is a great CD . Happy Perez has got to be one of the best producers from down south .
 my ballz my world was alright but it kinda sucked and i didnt like young bleed till my friend made me listen to his new cd and i liked it alot better and so i went out and bought it for myself and i really enjoy listening to it
 Wow . It 's been a while since an album stuck in my mind this long . I 've kept this on my playlist for almost a year now , and I 'm still not tired of it . And no , I did n't fall in love with it right away ... it took me several listens to have it `` bite '' me . But now I ca n't stop listenting to it . To be honest , I am a big fan of Bert 's band , The Ziggens , and was a little worried about this solo offering would sound . We 've all been dissapointed by solo albums before . But this awesome blend of rock , surf , punk , country , romance and good ole fashion Bert Susanka humor just simply works . Geeze , I think I 'm sounding like his mom or something , but I will say that the dude can flat out write lyrics and put together a solid , entertaining , memorable album with the best of them . I 'm gon na be playing this one for years .
 If you are familar with the Ziggens you already know Burt is a huge talent . The music here is a bit different from the classic Ziggens sound - much more polished with far better production values . Musical styles range from a classic surf sound to rock , country and many more . The lyrics range from hilarious to thought-provoking . Highly recommended .1 . Onward Christian Slater - great title with a classic surf/tex-mex sound . This could be a soundtrack for a future Tarantino film .2 . Goin ' Fishin ' - catchy pop tune about blowing off responsibilities with some truly quirky lyrics .3 . So Many Tears - slower song with interesting effects , beats and rich lyrics that paint a picture of loneliness and loss .4 . Living Check to Check - upbeat song with a great hook/chorus . One of the best songs on the CD .5 . The Trip That Needed To Be Took - avante garde surf music , spoken word performance with a surf bum/southern Cally beach feel .6 . Surfin ' All The Time - classic Beach Boys sound with lots of humor and a nice sax/Dick Dale bridge . One of the best on the CD .7 . When All The Beer Is Gone - funny , upbeat duet . The woman has a great voice -LRB- sounds a bit like Alanis Morissette -RRB- . Another goodie .8 . The Vicissitudes of Life - humorous and laid back with a reggae-like beat . The guitar riff sticks with you for a while . Great ! 9 . Houseguest - upbeat , funny pop song with interesting lyrics , nice guitar sound and surprising sound effects . Another great one .10 . I 'm In Love - wonderfully upbeat with more great lyrics . It 's impossible to listen to this and not be happy . One of the best .11 . They Do n't Want Me -LRB- In The NBA -RRB- - rap experiment gone horribly wrong . Some humorous lyrics but the chipmunk-like lyrics ruins it .12 . I Am So Sorry - slower song with a nice beat , interesting lyrics and a wonderful guitar echo effect . Builds to a wonderful close .13 . Let 's Go Fishing - happy , smooth pop song about finding out if you really love each other . Great hooks . Another great one .14 . You Can not Count On Me - fast-paced pop rock with funny lyrics and a great grungy guitar sound .15 . The River And The Tree - mellow religious song with interesting sounds -LRB- guitar echo , flute , sound effects -RRB- . Great lyrics .16 . ICD9300 .00 - surprising start rips into a catchy punk/surf instrumental that 's a hell of a lot of fun . Another great one .17 . Jill - another fun start that sounds like country but becomes a fun/punk sound with a great chorus . One of the best ! 18 . It 's Alright - mellow closer with a surprising sax and great guitar echo effects . Intriguing lyrics , great chorus . One of the best !
 I really enjoyed this CD ! The variety of lyrics and the tongue in cheek humor was a delight . Mr. Susanka is a very talented artist and worth the listen . If you are looking for more like this try his Ziggens CDs too ... fun fun fun music .
 As a long time Ziggens fan I knew that this would be a good buy . Burt is an awsome song writer and even if you have never heard of him or the Ziggens you should give this guy a listen . My favorite is ` I 'm In Love ' and my least favorite is ` they do n't want me in the NBA ' -LRB- which is the only reason I gave this a four -RRB- . this is a cool album and I have enjoyed it very much in the last few weeks I have owned it . Give it a shot and if you like it then give the Ziggens a shot too .
 Being a female singer does not automatically qualify one to be a `` diva '' . All of those VH1/MTV diva shows have made the term synonymous with `` run-of-the-mill '' . Too bad , because there is a REAL Diva out there , worthy of the accolade.Enter k d lang . I saw her live shortly after the release of Ingenue . Her show is in the top five of my 35 years as an avid concert attendee . She is surpassed only by Springsteen . Ms.lang is the only performer I 've seen that is able to hold an audience so spellbound that no one would applaud for fear that we might miss the final utterance of her voice . When we were sure she was finished with a number , only then would the house be on their feet . A truly incredible experience . `` Live by Request '' does a good job of capturing what I experienced . Watch her sing `` Crying '' or `` COnstant Craving '' and you 're mesmerized . CAtch her Miss Chatelaine routine and you get a glimpse at her charm and humor . SHe does everything gracefully , without pretension . And every song comes from within her soul.If you do n't see kd live atleast treat yourself to this show . You will have the word `` Diva '' redefined once and for all.Jerry
 In a pop world of singers who ca n't sing , k d lang inevitably stands out . Personally I ca n't think of another English-language singer whose just plain singing ability is any better . For the most part , she delivers here the kind of well thought-out , beautifully controlled performances for which she is increasingly becoming known , while at the same time leaving plenty of room to let loose and have some fun.The selections more or less span her recording career to date . First and foremost , she gives her intense and moving trademark performance of `` Crying '' , a song that by now I think she must be considered to have irrevocably stolen from Roy Orbison . The vocal performance is pretty much the same as the one she delivers on Harvest of Seven Years , but this time she is not hamstrung by a brainless , cheesy orchestra that just ca n't bend to fit the performer . On Live by Request , the band manages to accompany while fading into the background , leaving the focus where it belongs , something the earlier orchestra failed utterly to do.Of the other songs , I thought that `` Pullin ' back the Reins '' and `` Trail of Broken Hearts '' were particularly well done , and she gives a very good , if disappointingly brief , performance of `` Fever '' , accompanied only by the double-bass player . -LRB- For some reason this highlight track is omitted from the CD of the show . -RRB- Her poke-in-the-eye at Chatelaine magazine , `` Miss Chatelaine '' , is used for some sartorial variety and cutting up , at the slight expense of the singing ; but it 's worth it for variety 's sake . Personally I could live without the `` MacArthur Park '' skit , and the frequent interruptions of the `` host '' . A phone call from Tony Bennett is a pleasant surprise the first time around , but could get irritating on repeated listening . My main complaint about the selections is that she does n't do `` The Air That I Breathe '' , a number she has stolen from the Hollies -LRB- or whoever they were -RRB- as effectively as she took `` Crying '' from old Roy . Her performance of it on Drag is an absolute masterpiece.Despite my verbosity , there 's not a great deal to say about this show ; it 's just a really good performance from one of the world 's top-notch pop singers . The audio and video quality is fine , the sets are nice , the crowd is pleasant , and the band is professional . This is a must-have for kd 's fans , and a definite recommendation for anyone who appreciates good singing and a pleasant evening .
 kd lang 's voice sounds great in this concert dvd . The song selection ranges from some of her earliest to her most recent , as well as little bits of some she has not officially recorded -LRB- MacArthur Park -RRB- . The band and background singers are great and seem to be having a good time , as does kd . While it 's obvious from listening to kd sing that she is a great interpreter of songs , particularly sad songs , watching her sing truly reveals how `` into '' the lyrics she gets as she sings . I can never keep my eyes dry when I hear or see kd sing `` Crying . '' The surround mixing is well done , and the disc offers both DTS and DD 5.1 mixes in addition to a standard stereo track . The camera-work and lighting are good . Highly recommended .
 YOU MUST EXPERIENCE THIS . Undoubtedly one of the top top top voices ever ! I HAVE HARDLY EVER HEARD A VOICE SO STONG , EXPRESSIVE , AND GIFTED -- she 's up there with CELINE DION , ETTA JAMES , KAREN CARPENTER , WHITNEY HOUSTON , YMA SUMAC , MARIAH CARAY , ARETHA FRANKLIN , AGNETHA FALTSKOG , and even MARIA CALLAS ! The great thing is that sge has characteristics of all these voices at times . She is perhaps the most dimesional voice EVER !
 This terrific concert comes across on video as lively , fun , breathtaking . It has all the vitality the dead-on-arrival audio version lacks -LRB- it sounds like an audience is barely there and there 's none of the interaction with the audience that makes the video so vivid -RRB- . k.d. sounds fabulous in this concert , looks fabulous and cements her reputation as the greatest pop singer of her generation . What a voice , what a personality , what originality and what an entertainer !
 k d ` sings all kinds ' as Tony Bennett says of her . This DVD shows a singer who revels in live performance and knows how to connect with an audience . She makes you a part of the show and having seen her live with Tony back in 2003 I look forward to the next time . k d lang sings rock/pop , country and jazzy numbers . Other songs I could only classify as being in ` her ' style . She is obviously a sensual person and that could be part of the act , but I believe it is her enjoying being herself . Her voice affects me like Aretha Franklin 's and I believe that is the main reason to listen to any singer - to get that goosebump feeling on your skin . Take a chance on this DVD and enjoy k d 's artistry . k d lang is an artist - fully deserving of the description .
 If you love hearing K.D. sing than add this superb DVD of a live NYC performance to your collection . Sound quality and camera work are first rate !
 Best video of a kd lang show I 've seen . She was energetic and funny while maintaining her awesome capability to control her voice . Recorded at John Jay College in New York in Dec 2000 . Outstanding show presented by A & E channel .
 I saw K.D. Lang in person in May of 2005 . She was great , & has the most beautiful voice . Very energetic . She had the crowd in her hands . Also got her autograph & some pictures . The DVD is awesome.When she sings Crying , you shiver .
 This was a most excellent video of some of her best songs -- one way of going to a concert without actually going . She has one of the best voices of this generation and I love many of her original songs and covers of other songs . I would recommend this video for someone who wants a collection of her best work -- all summed up in one great LIVE video .
 I do n't normally buy DVD 's . I 've loved K.D. Lang for years , and finally bit the bullet and bought this DVD . She 's highly creative , into having fun , and then there 's her great voice . I am very happy I bought it.kck
 I 'd rate every song on this video a 10 out of 10 . I am addicted . It reminds of when a person loves something to eat so much , they gorge on it until they make themselves ill . I have to keep myself from replaying it until that happens . Thus far , I have not been very successful `` putting it down '' .
 An amazing DVD from an amazing singer.I just love her voice , her style and her songs.Luv U kd .
 This is one for about 6 different performances of Olivero 's Minnie to have been preserved for those not fortunate enough to have been witness to her performances live . This performance , like the others available , merely reinforce the pwoer of the legend . There is no one like Olivero nor will there ever be again . Her average voice and her unique musical soul , combined with an unrivaled vocal technique have made her stand out as possibly the greatest verismo soprano of the past 6 decades . The fact that she was still singing well long after her contemporaries had retired gives credence to her vocal technique and abilities -LRB- she is still alive and well at 102 ! -RRB- . Of all of her performances as Minnie the only one that suffers is the 1956 Rome opera performance , and that is due to very poor sound and very poor singing on the part of her partner Lauri-Volpi . Now to the performance . If you can follow the opera with a vocal score you will see that she epitomizes everything Puccini envisioned for this role . No other recorded Minnie embodies the role as Olivero . Her singing is magic
 First of all I love this single . Second , I know that there are people out there who see that a kid is writing an `` adult '' review on an album and think `` what the hell does a kid know about good music ? `` Well for starters , I know that Anastacia is a survivor of breast cancer . This has influenced this single and it has influenced her new album `` Anastacia '' . I know that she has been crowned a VH-1 Diva . Okay , so I do n't know what a VH-1 Diva is , -LSB- sue me -RSB- but I know that it takes a lot of hard work to become one , which is what anastacia has done.I know that she is alot better than Brittney Spears , Jessica Simpson , and Christina Agulara -LSB- do n't complain about spelling -RSB- . And unlike those three , she does not rely on her looks to attract attention -LRB- unlike Brittney who shows way too much skin -RRB- . She seems to rely purely on her voice , which is a powerhouse of emotion and feeling.In this album she has artfully combined Soul , Rock , and Pop to create `` Sprock '' as she officaly dubs it . Just take `` Left Outside Alone . '' It begins `` opera '' like the turnes `` soul '' like.The lyrics to the song are the lyrics of a mature artist . You would not find a song like it on her previous two albums . The lyrics remind me of someone being dumped by his/her boy/girlfriend , wife/husbend , whatever . And no , nothing like that has happend to me -LSB- but I have seen enough in romance/drama movies to know what it feels like -LCB- I 'm empathetic -RCB- -RSB- . The remixes do this song justice , though they do n't sound as good as the original . My favorite is track number three -LSB- the `` dance '' type track . -RSB- I am not going into any detail about `` get ready '' because this review was about `` left outside alone `` There . I am done . I hope you found this review useful . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Though both Anastacia and Amber have released CDs that place them very firmly in the Pop/Rock category , `` Anastacia '' and `` My Kind of World '' respectively , that does n't mean they 've forgotten their Dance Music Fans . Quite to the contrary . Both Artists independently of each other and probably by accident are leading what industry insiders are calling a trend towards more Rock-oriented Dance . The Jason Nevin 's Mixes of Anastacia 's Singles `` Left Outside Alone '' and `` Sick and Tired '' and the HiNRG and Mike Cruz Tribal Vox Mixes of Amber 's recent # 1 `` You Move Me '' have revolutionized Dance Floors with a heavier Rock and Soul and in Amber 's case , Alt Rock sound ! If you 're a fan of Dance Music , Anastacia and Amber are the Artists to watch . Mixes of Anastacia 's `` Welcome to My Truth '' are forthcoming as are Peak Hour Anthem Remixes of Amber 's `` Voodoo '' -LRB- from `` My Kind of World '' -RRB- in early 2005 . Recommended : Amber - My Kind of World CDAmber - You Move Me Maxi Single -LRB- www.Amber-MCC.com -RRB- Anastacia - Left Outside Alone CD SingleAnastacia - Sick and Tired CD Single
 Anastacia returns after beating cancer , and with a rockier edge that sounds like a soulful version of Evanescence . It 's certainly a different style for Anastacia , who had specialized in 80 's influenced dance music and ballads . Nevertheless , the chorus is catchy as hell , the entire `` All my life I 've been waiting ... '' verse is powerful enough to make you ignore any flaws the song may have . I hope the album will be released in North & South America , Anastacia is a force of nature and her success here is long overdue.check out her previous efforts Not my kind and Freak of nature as well . The first album is better than the rushed sophomore release , which shines briefly with `` Paid my dues '' , `` Freak of nature '' , Overdue goodbye '' and `` You 'll never be alone '' .
 From the lyrics to Jason 's ext. remix , to Anastacia 's voice , she is so straight forward on this song , and it is a must have , and if you do not have it , well you are missing out on a fine piece of work . released as a promo from her 3rd CD self titled ... it was and stil is a huge massive dance remix , and finally released to the general public -LRB- smile -RRB- for all the Anastacia fans , you can now get this remix , there are 2 other songs released as well off of the 3rd Cd , -LRB- Welcome 2 my World , and Sick and Tired -RRB- they are not AS good as this single , but just proves , she is not just all about club remixes , she has emotions and they are expressed in her few -LRB- so far -RRB- singles . Jason Prof. DJ
 I have loved Anastacia for the longest time , and this is the final CD I needed for my collection . Her brassy , powerful voice really hold strong and true in this CD . If you love Anastacia , this is a CD that you should have !
 Anastacia 's music is never a let down . This woman is probably one of the most talented vocalists of our time , and unfortunately relatively unknown in the US , even after having released incerdible album after album ! This single is moving , poetic and one of her best to date , and the remixes on this disc do it justice , with house , rock and pop mixes that all manage to preserve the brilliance of this track .
 1 . Left Outside Alone -LRB- Radio Edit -RRB- -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- 2 . Left Outside Alone -LRB- Jason Nevins Global Club -RRB- -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- 3 . Left Outside Alone -LRB- Jason Nevins Mix Show Edit -RRB- -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- 4 . Left Outside Alone -LRB- Mash Rock Mix -RRB- -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- 5 . Get Ready -LRB- Album Version -RRB- -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- Que Fabuloso single Es lo mejor , Este Si Es En Verdad un verdadero CD SINGLE todas las versiones presentes en este son fabulosamente fantasticas . Tenes Que TENERLO
 I personally thought this maxi single was well worth my money . It is nice to finally see another Jennifer Lopez single -LRB- this maxi and the normal CD single -RRB- here in the US again . I already own the UK import copies of `` Feelin ' So Good '' , but I went out and bought this anyways to support my favorite artist . What you get here is a collection of all but one of the remixes that exist for this song . The Puffy Single Mix -LRB- also known as the Bad Boy Alternate Mix -RRB- is missing , but can be found on the normal US cd single as the B-side track.The HQ2 remix is hot . A very good job by the team that brought you the Hex Hector Remix of Waiting For Tonight . The beat in the HQ2 remix is very good and is easily the best dance remix of `` Feelin ' So Good '' . This remix can really get you going . I personally love to play this one a little loud.Now onto the Thunderpuss Remix . While not in the same league as the HQ2 Remix in my opinion -LRB- others are welcome to think otherwise -RRB- , it is a quality mix and is another remix that takes this song into a dance type mode . Thunderpuss remixes are really never normal , which is good , and this is no exception . I like how it starts off and the beat is good enough for me.A nice little addition at the end is the Hex Hector remix of Waiting For Tonight that everyone has heard in the remix video on MTV and VH1 , but never got to hear on CD unless you bought the one import `` Waiting For Tonight : The Remixes '' that had the final track mislabeled but was indeed this remix.The radio edits of both of the dance remixes are exactly that , shortened radio edits of the songs . Personally I prefer the longer versions , but these are not bad and are nice to have as well if you do n't have time to listen to the longer versions.All in all , again , I thought this was a good buy because it had the major dance remixes all on one CD , and I do n't have to bring my `` Waiting For Tonight : The Remixes '' CD along all of the time anymore when I want to listen to both the FSG remixes and this remix .
 This CD has the Hex 's Momentous Club Mix of Waiting for Tonight and Thunderpuss radio mix of Feeling so Good which is better than the one that has Big Pun & Fat Joe .
 I , being a fan of Jennifer Lopez and Thunderpuss immediately went and picked up this maxi the day of release . First off , why does it say `` Featuring Big Pun & Fat Joe '' they are * no where * on this CD . I 'm not complaining , just informing those who might not know . The Thunderpuss mixes are awesome , and could get any party jumping . The HQ2 mixes , however , are more laid back and lame . Thunderpuss shines on this set and makes the money worth it . There 's also an 11-minute remix of `` Waiting For Tonight '' that is beyond cool . If you have n't heard it , you are * very much * missing out . For the two Thunderpuss mixes and the W4T mix , you wo n't be disappointed , but if you 're into hard dance , skip the HQ2 mixes .
 Well the wait is over for this single but I ca n't say that my wait really paid off . The remixes for this are rather dry by regular standards . The Thunderpuss 2000 remix lacks the regular hard edge that they are so famous for and the result is lackluster . Hex Hector 's remix is cute ... a more disco turn for him . Nothing compared to his remix of Waiting For Tonight , which by the way is finally made available as track # 5 . I guess that should make the three US fans happy that did n't already plunk down money for an import copy -LRB- we must all thank Sony music for keeping abreast of what the fans want huh ? -RRB- As I digress , it must also be pointed out that the lack of a dub by either of the remixers is blatantly obvious , and that is a shame because the dubs usually give you another mix to listen to when the same one just wo n't do anymore .
 This is a great song ! The chorus reminds me a lot of a Janet Jackson song for some reason . Same thing with the I 'm Real non-remix version . The background for part of the rapping reminds me also of DMX 's `` Party Up -LRB- Up in Here -RRB- . '' I think Big Pun could 've rapped a little more in this song but otherwise he does a pretty good job . I think she should 've sang in a little lower range because she seemed off on `` I FEEL LIKE there 's no limit to what I can see ... '' -LRB- FEEL LIKE being where she is off-tune -RRB- . . Besides that it 's an up-lifting song and I like remixes period , so if you do too then this is the CD single to buy ! This song in general was a hit on the Hip Hop/R & B charts rather then Pop ... and it 's too bad . This is definatly one of J Lo 's best released songs in her career so far !
 Jennifer Lopez 's otherwise nondescript single gets remixed by top producers Thunderpuss and Hex Hector . Of the two versions of `` Feelin ' So Good , '' the remix by Thunderpuss is the far superior . However , Hex Hector gives an incredible , Hi-NRG version of `` Waiting for Tonight . '' That version clocks at over ten minutes , but there 's not a dull moment on that mix . I 'm no huge fan of Lopez , but I loved this disc and recommend it without reservation .
 I believe this is the best song Jennifer Lopez has ever released . The Bad Boy remix is basically garbage and doesnt pack the punch of the original version . By the way the original features the late Big Pun & Fat Joe . The beat to the original is very smooth and Jennifer Lopez sings better than I have ever heard her sing . I believe this is a classic song and the video was nice too -LRB- not included -RRB- . Overall well worth the 3 bucks you pay for it . Or you could just buy the album if you are intent on saving money . On The 6 isnt a bad album by any means so its your choice but this is the best song on that album .
 Released in Febuary of 2000 , Twenty Four Seven quickly became Tina 's highest debut chart entry , entering & peaking at # 21 . Thats much better than her last album Wildest Dreams , which only peaked at # 61 . 24/7 quickly became gold in the U.S. & went platnum twice in Europe.On this latest project Tina seems to be going the Cher route , entering into more dance/pop material . The opening track , Whatever You Want is an uplifting tune , that was only released as a single in Europe . The highlight of the album is When the Heartache is Over . The lyrics are some what autobiographical . The only single released in America from the album , Heartache peaked at a disapointing # 51 . The song could have been a world wide smash had it had some kind of publicity.Absolutly nothing 's Changed is one of those get back at your man songs . Talk To My Heart is a nice ballad that Tina dedicated to her mother who died right before the album was released . One of the best rock numbers is Go Ahead , which was written and produced by 80 's rocker , and former Tina duet partner , Bryan Adams . Another favorite track is Go Ahead . With lyrics like `` You see my smiling , but you paint an ugly face . Everything you do is all about the chase '' , its a brilliantly written song . The final , & title track is 24/7 . Another highlight with great energy by Tina.A month after the albums release in America , Tina set out on her 100 date farewell concert tour . The tour broke records all across the world and became the biggest money maker of 2000 . All though it was her last tour , rest assure this wont be her last piece of music . At least I hope not .
 This album has to be among Tina 's best album , right up there with PRIVATE DANCER and FOREIGN AFFAIR . Tina delivers a breataking and invigorating performance in `` When the Heartake is Over . '' Other songs that will take your breath away include `` Whatever You Need '' -LRB- this song is a wonderful ballad filled with refreshing beauty -RRB- `` Twenty-Four Seven '' -LRB- This fast paced rock song will get you dancing -RRB- and `` Do n't Leave Me This Way '' -LRB- This song will make you burst out in tears at its beauty and simplicity plus its sadness . -RRB- All the other songs are amazing as well.You have to get this .
 Another Tina Turner cd you say ? She has n't had a hit since 1993 's `` I Do n't Really Wan na Fight '' in America . So what could the 62 year old Turner still have to offer ? On `` 24/7 '' the production team is at its best since Turner 's 1986 `` Break Every Rule '' . The songs are mostly up-tempo and they are cohesively put together -- better than Turner 's 1996 `` Wildest Dreams '' which sounded incoherent . The first five tracks off `` 24/7 '' are solid . `` Whatever You Need '' , `` All The Woman '' , `` When The Heartache Is Over '' , `` Absolutely Nothing 's Changed '' and `` Talk To My Heart '' flash by without any aftertaste . The second half of the cd is mixed with ballads followed by upbeat songs . While not as great as 1984 's `` Private Dancer '' or 1986 's `` Break Every Rule '' , for Tina Turner this is the best thing she 's done in quite some time . The songwriting is familiar
 Tina never fails to astound . The honey-coated steel voice , the unbelieveable delivery - um , how ` bout the legendary 60 year old legs ? The woman IS a Force of Nature -LRB- so concurs Cher -RRB- . This album is so good , that if it does not do well in the States -LRB- after selling millions in Europe -RRB- , it will prove that we Americans choose trend over substance and synthetic pre-fab pop over proven brilliance . You know those few albums you can listen to from beginning to end without skipping any tracks ? Maybe Billy Joel 's The Stranger , or maybe Elton John 's Yellow Brick Road - hey , even maybe Alanis ' freshman effort Jagged Little Pill . Tina 's Twenty Four Seven IS THAT GOOD ! This is the best recording of her post-Ike -LRB- who ? -RRB- career . `` When The Heartache Is Over '' ; hypnotic `` Absolutely Nothing 's Changed '' ; the comforting `` Whatever You Want '' ; the kick-butt `` 24/7 '' ... I could list every track ! Tina has been so undeservedly underappreciated since the successors to her opus `` Private Dancer '' hit the shelves . Twenty Four Seven rivals even that legendary performance . Do yourself a favor , treat yourself ... indulge in a little T and savor . Brilliant .
 Tina Turner is so fabulous-this record is so great that my review will probaly sound really corny ... but that 's how it has to be . Tina 's last record-Wildest Dreams was so fantastic , after hearing `` When The Heartache Is Over '' , I was impressed but felt like Tina was moving out ... child I was WRONG ! `` When The Heartache I s Over '' is a great song but not hte best on the record . And Tina stayed right where she is-rock 'n' roll . `` Absolutely Nothing 's Changed '' is remarkable , `` Go Ahead '' is fierce and `` Twenty Four Seven '' gets me going . Tina Turner is the most incredible sister in rock and this album most certainly proves it .
 I 've just started to collect Tina Turner 's records , finally approaching my interest in her music . This was a record which I actually was excited to hear , for some reason I was really drawn to it . It has a very clean & simple look on the cover , & that really drew me in . I also remember the video for `` When The Heartache Is Over '' from several years back.Well , I 've given this record several spins & I can honestly say that I really enjoy it . I see where some fans could be put off by it 's `` pop '' exterior . Like many of the `` VH1 '' Diva ilk , Tina tries to keep her hold on her established fanbase & yet reach new audiences . Here , the arrangements are very much about style . I get the image that they were trying to update Tina for a new `` century '' & this mostly works . All the elements that have been found in Tina 's music such as rock , dance-lite , soul , & her rockabilly vibe all mix here . At times a bit too smoothly which is evidenced on the lead single `` When the Heartache Is Over '' ; though this does n't limit the enjoyable factor of this cut . `` Go Ahead '' is probably one of the best tracks here . It has Tina 's soulful voice leading the charge & the music maintains a very `` chill nightlife '' vibe . Other favorites include the raucous closer `` Twenty Four Seven '' which Tina seems to tackle with her tongue planted directly in her cheek . `` Whatever You Need '' is so poignant in it 's delivery I ca n't help but spin this track over agan.Tina also has her own personal level of schmaltz , so for me some of the more obnoxiously modern arrangements do n't grate . Like Donna Summer -LRB- another favorite -RRB- , Tina was blessed with a great voice . Material that may sound average , when given to Donna & Tina is elevated to astounding because their voices drives the song . In some instances that is the case here.Overall , this is one of the favorites of mine -LRB- along with `` Foreign Affair '' -RRB- that Tina has put out . It 'll be interesting to see if she puts out another album or if this will be her last to date , if so ... it is n't that bad of a note to go out on . Even if it is a bit too sweet a times .
 How do you discribe the greatest female singer of all time . Tina Turner gives us a soulful out pour of emotion not often seen by other artist . Tina can rock with the best and yet bring you places with her songs that you did n't know existed . I play this CD 24-7
 Tina Turner rocked last years VH1 Divas . One year later the new studio album is here . First single `` When The Heartache Is Over '' was a number one hit in Europe 1999 . But the album goes from dance , to pop soul and rock ! `` Whatever You Need '' is a perfect pop song , `` Go AHead '' has a modern sound to it , and the Bryan Adams duett `` Without You '' rocks ! Tina Turner 's album is one of her best , just hope radio give her a chance in USA . She finsish off the album with a classic rock n roll track , titel track Twenty Four Seven . This album shows that Tina is simply the best - better than all the rest ! Buy it !
 Although I have just read most of the reviews -LRB- nearly all positive -RRB- , I need to reenforce the idea that this is truly ONE GREAT DISC . Private Dancer has long been a classic and often played album in my collection , and , in the years since 1984 , Tina has recorded rather inconsistant collections of songs . `` Break Every Rule '' and `` Wildest Dreams '' are prime examples . However , `` Foreign Affair '' and the soundtrack to `` What 's Love Got to Do With It ? '' -LRB- although most were rerecordings -RRB- both demonstrated a side of Tina that is highlighted here . `` Twentyfour/Seven '' -LRB- 24/7 -RRB- is truly incredible . The songs are very even , and Tina 's voice has NEVER sounded better . `` Talk to my Heart '' and `` Go Ahead '' are musical works of pop/rock art and the title song is perhaps the best song Tina has EVER recorded . Yet another example of how outstanding this set is is the inclusion of `` Falling '' which , quite honestly , is the best Tina Turner song since `` What 's Love '' and `` Private Dancer '' . Tina , you never lost me . But with 24/7 , you remind me and every other fan that no one compares to you and your soulful rockfullness . May you record for at least another 60 years .
 I made the mistake of reading some bad reviews and it took a listening station at a record/cd store for me to buy this buy I am not sorry . I have missed allot of soul in music put out over the past decade . Only Bonnie Raitt and Annie Lennox and the new Shelby Lynne record come near deep soulful singing as Tina does on her lastest release . I get a kick out of hearing those female background vocals , really kicks some of these songs and Tina really is a great singer and just because she 's now 60 does n't mean anything . I think shes got more soul in her than Mariah and Whitney can ever dream of , they need to take some lessons from Tina and Aretha ! Listen to Tina rock out with Bryan Adams on `` without you '' , `` talk to my heart '' grooves and `` Do n't leave me this way '' soulful man and I like it ! This has some really good songs . There light and easy on the ear and the hell with the critics !
 wow!when i first heard `` heartache '' i admit i was a little unsure about tina 's new album.then the album came out and blew me away ! tina really sounds awesome on every track-i do n't think her voice has ever been better-and she has collected some excellent songs . `` talk to my heart '' is the only weak track-the rest are awesome and each one is very different from the others.unfortunately , in the usa people generally refuse to listen to anything of tina 's after private dancer and categorize her as an `` 80 's '' artist-as does radio and her record company so most people will never get to appreciate this album.they are missing SO much!try `` go ahead '' or `` without you '' or fall in love with `` falling '' and `` absolutely nothing 's changed '' ... and then the title track ! its incredible!please buy this cd ... after a few listens I 'm sure you will LOVE it ! and `` heartache '' is now one of my favorite songs of tina 's entire career ! ... mua , mua , mua ...
 Tina Turner is truely an inspiration for all women . She 's 60 years old , and she dances like better than a 20 year old . Her songs are great on her new CD . You ca n't help but turn it up , and try to be Tina . I can only hope that when I 'm 60 , I 'll look as good as her !
 No matter what lack of radio support Tina gets in the states , Twenty Four Seven still rocks ! Tina 's latest is , in my opinion , the one her true fans have been waiting for . From the irresistible melody and dance beat of `` When The Heartache Is Over '' , to the ALL-TINA raunch & roll of the title track , Twenty Four Seven never disappoints ! If it 's R&B you want , check out stand-out track `` Falling '' . Want to be inspired , gospel-tinged `` Whatever You Need '' is what YOU need . At 60 , Tina Turner 's better than ever ! When will radio stations let go of their ageism and show TINA the support she deserves ?
 Terrific bargain . Exactly as represented , delivered on time at the stated price . would definitely do business with the supplier again
 This CD is just beautiful . I mean , come on ... TINA TURNER !!! She IS the QUEEN !!!! We love ya from the heartland Tina .
 As an owner of `` Simply the Best '' , which is an awesome compilation of Tina 's greatest hits , it 's amazing to me that she can re-invent herself like this . This CD pulls you in from track 1 and does n't let you down . Granted , I 'm biased and love Tina Turner , but what 's neat is that my Mom is also a big fan of hers . She spans the generations and it proves that her talent has no limits . She 's still looking good and sounding good . Well worth it and a great CD for your collection .
 This CD is excellent . Tins sort of slows things down a bitaltough there are plenty of songs Tina is famous for . I am justamazed at the production and quality of Tina 's voice on this CD.If you like Tina Turner you will love this CD >
 At the turn of the century , Tina 's 1999 album is a mixture of pop/rock n'roll , R&B , gospel and ballads . And for a woman on the edge of 60 ! She looks like a million bucks and her raspy , sultry alto sounds better than ever.Opening with the heartwarming gospel tinged `` Whatever you need , '' and the R&B sound of `` All the woman . '' Next is the smash single , the dance of `` When the heartache is the over , '' the haunting , mysterious `` Absolutely nothing 's changed . '' Then the heart-touvhing `` Talk to my haert , '' and the winsome but nice `` Do n't leave me this way . '' `` Go ahead '' is haunting , and `` Without you '' has a rock n ' roll sound . Next is the R&B flavored seet ballad `` Falling , '' and the heart wrenching `` I will be there . '' Wrapping it up is the Rock N ' Roll title track . There 's no time frame for the songs and there 's no song chorus . But its all made up for beautiful pictures of this living diva . I love it-you will too .
 AN INCREIBLE `` COME BACK '' AFTER `` WILDEST DREAMS '' THIS CD WAS # 1 HIT ALBUM IN EUROPE IN WICH TINA CAMES BACK WITH ALL HER ENERGY AND FEELING , THIS ALBUM MAYBE DOSE N'T HAVE THE ROCK OF `` PRIVATE DANCER '' OR HER EARLY YEARS BUT IT 'S BEAUTIFUL . IT HAS A GREAT GOSPEL SONG -LRB- WHATEVER YOU NEED -RRB- AND DANCE SONGS LIKE
 Tina 's latest album is a much better follow up to 1996 Wildest Dreams . This cd has more `` Rock '' tunes like `` Without You '' and `` Twenty Four Seven '' The title track is one of Tina 's best song in years-it 's a Tina classic-good old rock n roll . There are some nice ballads like `` Talk To My Heart '' and `` Do n't Leave Me This Way '' - it 's not the Thelma Houston song -LRB- Thank God -RRB- For a 60 year old woman , her voice is strong as ever . Every track on 24/7 is great ! Glad to have you back Tina -LRB- for a little while -RRB-
 Those who have indeed listened to this new set will know DO N'T LEAVE ME THIS WAY is not a cover of THELMA HOUSTON 'S same song . Those who feel this is an over produced set of generic pop tunes are correct , but real Tina fans know that Tina intends to please her fans and when you have her vocal prowess any song is brought to life . From the rich deep vocals of FALLING to the frantic notion of WITHOUT YOU Tina delivers to her fans with this set of infecting , danceable , sometimes funky songs . The highlight being the title song , TWENTY FOUR SEVEN which is Tina classic . Tina and her music do not belong in todays pubescent , preteen world of popular tinny voiced studio creations AND FOR THAT I REJOICE ! . This new CD says I am a DIVA - a 60 year old hit maker whether US radio likes me ot not ! If you have ever enjoyed Tina 's music and her voice you will appreciate this CD .
 As a diehard fan and her harshest critic , I 'm happy to report that this album is the best she 's released in years . While the production could 've been toned down a bit , it 's nowhere near the bombast of her recent recordings . I absolutely hate the first single - Why do Cher when you 're Tina Turner ? - and if it bombs it will ruin the chances of any of the other far superior tracks to become hits . My favorites are `` Go Ahead '' simply because it 's totally new ground for her , and the title track because it 's old-fashioned rock and roll as only Tina knows how . Perfect for driving with the top down and could be a summer smash if she 's smart.Of course , most of Tina 's recent unfortunate choices in music have been dictated by her manager Roger ` trapped in the '80s ' Davies , so I 'm not too optimistic .
 `` Twenty four seven '' is Tina 's most quiet cd . In comparison to her last cd , I find that `` Wildest dreams '' is better . The only dance song on this disc is `` When the heartache is over '' . I was quite disappointed when I first heard the cd . After a while , the songs grew on me . Tina has gone totally soul in 24/7 . What Tina does n't have in music quality here , she has in her ageless photos . Every one of them are great to look at . I 've even made enlarged posters of a couple of them . 24/7 is not the type of cd I listen to very often . It 's just that I prefer her older music better.Expect a sensual side from Tina . All the tracks are from her heart , but they seem to be repetitious in style . Then again , anything from her will make her popular . The track `` Absolutely nothing 's changed '' is good . It seems that her songs are all about her abusive past . I like her , but she needs to lose the broken heart . I recommend 24/7 to Tina fans , but I do n't rate it 5 stars . Go buy the cd anyway . After all , it 's Tina !
 This is the best that she has released since her first album . It has a good mixture of songs on there . There are many songs that queens will enjoy dancing to in the clubs . I would go out and purchase this album right here if you have n't already . If you are not a Tina Turner fan then after listen to this record right here then you will be
 After a few years , Tina has come out with an album that is well worth every penny it costs to buy . From the opening track until the closing one , there is n't a bad song in the bunch . The look on Tina 's face on the back of the album says it all . Eyes shining , happy smile , this is an album you can tell Tina had fun making . Songs like `` Whatever You Need '' and `` I Will Be There '' display such warmth and tenderness and Tina 's wonderful , unique voice give such an honest feeling to them both . And even though there are several different styles of music on this album , like the electronica sounding `` Go Ahead '' and the 70 's soul feel of `` Do n't Leave Me This Way '' and good old fashioned rock and roll of the title track , ALL the songs work well together and are unifed by Tina 's remarkable voice . My personal favorites are `` When The Heartache Is Over '' , `` Whatever You Need '' , `` Go Ahead '' , and `` Twenty Four Seven '' . This album already has the sound of a classic and it was just barely released ! To Tina I say `` Keep on rocking ! 60 never looked so good ! Ca n't wait to see you on tour !
 Listening to `` Twenty Four Seven '' is pure bliss . It 's 11 tracks of Tina 's powerful and emotionally rich vocals surrounded by modern yet tasteful backdrops . Highlights are hard to single out because the whole album is such a delight . `` When the Heartache is Over '' finds Tina full of self-reliance and gusto . On `` Do n't Leave Me This Way '' however , Tina is sorrowful and morose on the moving ballad . Tina is all rock and roll on the title song and the splendid `` Without You , '' -LRB- with Bryan Adams . -RRB- Tina has never sounded better on this record . The production is first rate and the album 's packaging features beautiful pictures of Tina . `` Twenty Four Seven '' is a spendid mix of rock , R&B and dance music all held together by Tina 's superior vocals .
 Tina Turner s latest album has practically been living in my cd player for the last 5 months . I think she finally released an album of the same quality level of the albums she used to record in the 80 's . After the disapointing Wildest Dreams -LRB- although Wildest Dreams is worth buying for the song `` Silent Wings '' alone -RRB- she is back with a killer album . Her voice is better than ever , the lyrics are great and each song has a different style . It looks like the US is also finally opening its ears for this remarkable artist because after 4 weeks of release the album reached gold status . Besides the hit singles When the heartache is over -LRB- UK nr . 10 -RRB- and Whatever you need -LRB- UK nr . 27 -RRB- it contains 10 other great tracks . Just buy and listen !
 I 'm a huge Tina Turner fan , but I 'm very capable of stepping back and giving an honest review of this album . Simply put this is Tina'a best album since the 80 's . Some have said that she 's stuck in the past and has n't moved on . You 've got to be kidding . This record it fantastic ! Tina 's sounds more inspired then ever and her voice has n't lost any of it 's range . There is not one singer around today -LRB- save for maaayybeee Aretha -RRB- that Tina ca n't sing up against a wall . The woman is remarkable and so is the album . The production is excellent and after the first listen you 'll be singing along . The title track is one of Tina 's absolute best songs ever . It alone is worth the price of the album . Then throw in 10 other great ones and you get one FINE package , just like Miss Turner herself . Do yourself a favor put away your Sting cd , have a little fun and rock out with the queen ! You 'll be so glad you did .
 Tina Turner is often criticised for turning her back on her roots . I think this is completely wrong . She is one of those few artists who keeps delivering new material which sounds fresh , but has that own trademark . Just look at all her remixes in the past and you immediately see that she manages to team up with the best in the business all the time . In 1987 Ben Liebrandt did a remix for her single `` Two People '' , Justin Strauss remixed her `` Steamy windows '' in 1990 , Dave Morales remixed `` Goldeneye '' in 1995 . In 1997 we got a superb Soul solution club mix of `` On Silent wings '' and in 2000 Hex Hector remixed her US Billboard dance smash `` When the heartache is over '' . It just proves she has an eye for trends and always finds the most trendy producers and remixers at that moment in time . She follows the evolution in the music industry and delivers time after time with new trendy material of high quality . I think this is one of the secrets of her longevity -LRB- the fact that she has the best voice in music industry next to Aretha Franklin helps too of course !! -RRB- . If she would still be singing those Ike and Tina style songs -LRB- which by the way are GREAT recordings -RRB- in 2000 , people would have become bored with her . So I do not like to compare `` 24-7 '' with other Tina Turner albums because for me they were all great at the time of release . Some of her albums sound dated now -LRB- except for the timeless `` Private Dancer '' and `` Foreign Affair '' records -RRB- and only time will tell if `` 24-7 '' will join the list of real classics . For now we can only say that it is a highly enjoyable record that seems to have no filler material . Tina 's voice sounds superb as always ... Looking forward to her next project ...
 `` The Grandmother of Rock '' scores again with the amalgamation of rock , pop , R & B , and dance . Every song bears the unique Turner stamp of gut-wrenching vocals backed by super arrangements from the band . High marks go out for the dance-friendly `` When the Heartache is Over , '' the seductive `` Falling , '' the rocking `` Without You , '' the emotional `` I Will Be There , '' and the title cut . Not as good as her last release `` Wildest Dreams , '' but still a worthy effort from one of the giants of contemporary music .
 This is one of Tina Turner 's best CDs ever . It shows that Tina , now in her sixties , is still the queen of rock ! Physically , she is in the greatest shape of her life . My personal favorites on this CD are `` Whatever You Need '' , `` When the Heartache Is Over '' , `` Talk To My Heart '' , and `` Absolutely Nothing 's Changed . '' The title track , `` 24/7 '' is also an excellent song . If you liked Tina Turner in the 1980s , but have n't listened to her music in a while , buy this CD . You will discover that Tina has n't missed a beat ! This is my favorite computer song , which means I stick it in my DVD drive and listen to it almost every time I am on-line . BRAVO , TINA !
 Tina Turner just gets better with time . Her latest CD is fantastic , though not as fantastic as `` Private Dancer '' , it is still up there.Turner shows she still has the energy , vocals , and producers to give her fans what they want.All the songs on this CD are good , no filler here . Standouts are the Thelma Houston remake `` Do n't Leave Me This Way '' , `` When The Heartache Is Over '' , and `` Whatever You Need '' -LRB- which did not get the airplay it deserved -RRB- . Tina shows at any age you can rock , and have a party .
 It 's amazing this woman is 60 years old ! She has so much more energy , class , and vigor than most women 1/2 her age . This is by far one of my most enjoyable cd 's and its all because of Miss T 's awesome , untouched with age , voice . If she is not sounding slinky and sexy on one track she is belting out with all her soul on another -LRB- the best track `` twenty four seven '' ... No rock star comes close to matching her energy on this one ... even if the music is programmed -RRB- . Tina does not NEED any top 10 hits off this cd in the states ... she knows that America has limited , if not good , taste in music . It is enough for her to sell out every dam show in every dam city she has been in ... why ? Not because tons of teens want to see her like they want to see Britney or NSync ... but because people from Teenagers to Senior citizens love this woman ... what talent ... I ca n't say enough ! I wish she would live and perform forever !
 This album is incredible , as many of the reviewers have noticed . BUT , nobody is talking about track # 10 - `` I Will Be There , '' which is an incredible piece . This would have charted as a single , no doubt . It 's upbeat , about strength and overcoming and pure raw love . The CD is worth purchasing for that song alone .
 For seasoned fans of the Goddess of Rock , as well as for the ones just discovering her amazing talent , `` Twenty Four Seven '' has it all ! Those who loved Tina 's sad , desperate vocals on `` Be Tender With Me Baby '' will find the same woman trying to hold on to love with the same strong feeling in `` Do n't Leave Me This Way '' . `` Proud Mary '' keeps on rolling in `` Twenty Four Seven '' , the upbeat title track that just makes you wan na get up and dance . Also the hit singles `` When The Heartache Is Over '' , with a very modern sound , and `` Whatever You Need '' , in which Tina delivers one of her best performances -LRB- Can you REALLY count how long she holds that note at the end of `` There 's no right , no wrong '' , when you 're simply caught up being in awe of this woman and her voice ? . A guest spot from Brian Adams on `` Without You '' , the sweeping choral arrangements of `` All The Woman '' and `` I Will Be There '' , the feeling of `` Falling '' and `` Talk To My Heart '' ... simply the Queen at her best ! If I come across sounding like Tina 's number one fan , it 's probably because I AM -LRB- at least in my age group - 16 years -RRB- . God save the Queen . `` Forever , and forever , without end I fall for you ... '' .
 Just like fine wine , Tina Turner gets better with age .
 If I could give this legend 15 more stars I would because not only does this album deserve 10 stars so does Tina herself . This album comes as a final chapter in Tina 's long career . As a final farewell to big productions Tina has prepared a concation of many amazing songs . By far the best song is the dance oriented - `` When The Heartake Is Over . '' The smooth and exiting ballad of `` Whatever You Need '' is absolutely invigorating . Another great song is the tear-jerking `` Do n't Leave Me This Way . '' The title track is a locomotive with no breaks , wooooosh!Don ' t get me wrong all the other tracks are really really good too . Buy this album its among Tina 's best , you wo n't be sorry .
 It 's simply Tina at her best ...
 The legendary Tina Turner 's latest studio album is a blend of modern pop music . Theres rock , pop , R&B , all mixed together in this incredible recording . Turners voice sizzles throughout the eleven tracks . Stand out tracks is the # 3 dance hit `` when the heartache is over '' , also the uptempo ballad `` whatever you need '' and the declaring `` all the woman '' also of note are the thunderuos `` without you '' which features a cameo by Bryan Adams , and `` twenty four seven '' which is a great fun rock number in which Tina does best . over all this is simply one of her best albums , i think its just as good as `` private dancer '' there really is n't a bad song on the album , her longtime fans will be pleased , and her new followers will simply enjoy . Whats amazing is after over fourty years every fresh Tina Turner project is simply the best . Do yourself a favor purchase this incredible album .
 Having been disappointed by her last , rather lack-lustre recording `` Wildest Dreams '' , I confess to have approached this new effort with some trepidation , and so am happy to report on Miss Turner 's best effort in well over a decade.Tina 's first really cohesive album since attaining super-stardom is no mean accomplishment , given the array of producers and musical styles , but it is held together throughout by her re-energized and assertive vocals and supported by talented and sympathetic production.Primarily focusing on a euro-dance and euro-pop sound , the first half of the album is outstanding , topped by the excellent `` Absolutely Nothing 's Changed '' , the slinky `` All The Woman '' , the classic-sounding , mid-tempo `` Whatever You Need '' and the first single , the Rawling and Taylor-produced `` When The Heartache Is Over '' which unfortunately begins with a sound crashingly reminiscent of another large comeback hit by a one name star -LRB- you guess who -RRB- , but then thankfully assumes an assiduously rhythmic identity of its own.The ballads on the set are effective ; the plaintive `` Do n't Leave Me This Way '' is particularly moving -LRB- even with its predictable chorus -RRB- and the sexy slow remake of `` Falling '' is the album 's best showcase of her prodigious vocal talent . But while the strident `` Without You '' is serviceable and hardly original , the superior `` Go Ahead '' is a winner , especially for its phrasing.Less than outstanding is the throwaway - and too obvious - title song , which sounds like a weak blend of `` Proud Mary '' and `` Break Every Rule '' , but which still manages to achieve its limited objectives . And the delightful mid-tempo , gospel tinged `` I Will Be There '' is superior to its similar-sounding -LRB- and definitely poor ! -RRB- cousin , `` Talk To My Heart '' . Though not a classic - after all , such heights are supremely difficult to achieve - such a synthesis between artist , themes and music as is accomplished on this album makes it , in my opinion , essential music for those wishing to hear the work of a modern veteran .
 Tina 's 10th solo album is truly one of her best . I say `` one of '' because I doubt that any follow up album can match the intensity and publicity involved with the comeback of `` Private Dancer '' -LRB- PD -RRB- . This , of course , is not to say that 24/7 is not worthy of comparison artistically . The album is similar to PD in that there is a wide variety of music and song types that will surely please a wide audience . The album 's most inventive song is definitely `` Go Ahead . '' A sultry , modern song that combines rauncy lyrics with a pop-electronica-like music arrangement -LRB- listen to the pops and wags in the background ... remind you of Madonna 's latest album ? -RRB- . The first single from the album , `` When the Heartache is Over '' is a great dance tune , very reminiscent of Cher 's `` Believe . '' -LRB- Coincidence that the first singles from both 24/7 and Wildest Dreams sing about not `` missing you '' ? -RRB- . `` Do n't Leave Me This Way '' and `` Falling '' are great slow tunes , very evocative of her R&B sultry roots . The former , especially , has the makings of a mainstream adult contemporary hit . `` Without You , '' Tina 's collaberation with longtime friend Bryan Adams , is excellent and reminds me of the old `` rock '' Tina singing `` Better Be Good to Me '' and `` It 's Only Love . '' The title track reminds me of Tina 's work back in the Ike and Tina days , especially in the intro riff and her wailing at the beginning of the song . Overall , the album has very strong lyrics and very inventive sounds combining the `` usual '' Tina sounds with newer , more modern sounds to give it a fresh edge . I highly suggest purchasing this album and cross my fingers that America will embrace this artist yet again instead of jumping on the `` artist of the week '' bandwagon mentality that seems to perpetuate in American music-goers .
 `` Twenty-four seven '' is Tina 's second true studio release in ten years , following the 1996 release of `` Wildest Dreams , '' one of her most underappreciated works . This album just goes to show that no matter what age you are , you can still rock with the best of them . `` When The Heartache Is Over , '' produced by Metro , is the lead off this album , and is one of the best tracks as well . Its ' dance beat has put Tina back on the charts , and is sure to reach the top ten if her record company would get their heads out of their butts . `` Without You '' features a cameo from Bryan Adams , and is 100 % pure rock . `` Talk To My Heart '' displays Tina 's signature vocals on a love/ballad song that has become the highlight of her newest performances . Other songs on the album are completely original music for Tina , including the title track `` 24/7 '' which makes you want to shake every time you hear it . For all just thinking about buying this album ... let me make up your mind . BUY IT .
 Rock Legend Tina Turner is back with a bang . Tina leans towards modern pop and soul music on this recording which suits her well . After 40 years of recording music her voice is still as strong as ever . Tina purrs on `` WHAT EVER YOU NEED '' , roars on the title track , and rocks on `` WITHOUT YOU '' Also of note is the lead single which can be compared to Cher 's `` BELIEVE '' , `` WHEN THE HEARTACHE IS OVER '' but we all know Cher aint got nothing on the Tina 's powerful voice . Also of note is the slinky `` DONT LEAVE ME THIS WAY '' Tina delivers with soul and passion on this track . No matter what some critics say about Tina abandowning her gutbucket R&B roots ; this woman doesnt look back . She is not interesting in being what she was . She gets producers who are new and fresh , and cutting edge , and she just wants to move forward . . the woman has a vision for herself . None of Tina 's albums are alike , and after being in the business for 40 years the woman can DO WHAT SHE WANTS . Dont change Tina keep being YOU , and keep doing what you do SIMPLY THE BEST .
 With 24-7 , Tina Turner reminds us all that you can still do what you do best at 60 ! We had the fortunate opportunity to see Tina on the opening night of her US Tour in the Twin Cities on March 23 , 2000 . She was phenomenal , as is this compilation of music . As a club DJ , I was fortunate to see and hear Tina 's hot new dance track `` When The Heartache is Over '' before the US release of this CD . For the most part however , this collection is similar to Tina 's `` Private Dancer '' years of the early 1980 's . You wo n't find the rock-n-roll style of music -LRB- `` Proud Mary '' -RRB- that Tina was so famous for in the 70 's . Though she comes close to her R&B / Rock & Roll roots with the title track . Other fine songs include `` Whatever You Need '' and `` Talk To My Heart '' . If you are a serious Tina fan , just a casual fan , or simply a fan of popular music , you wo n't be disappointed with this CD . Unlike another all-time great who released her comeback success `` Believe '' in 1998 -LRB- Cher ! -RRB- , this collection from Tina is slower and not as dance-oriented , but a great collection just the same .
 The all-time queen of rock 'n roll is back with her millenium debut album . It sounds like for this album Tina Turner has switched slightly to music with a country/R & B feel with a dash of pop in there . All of these songs , in my opinion , are magnanimous Tina-songs . `` When the heartache Is Over '' sounds like a definate # 1 pop single and `` Falling '' has all of the potential to be a # 1 R&B single . This album most definatly ranks up among Tina Turner 's best -LRB- like any of them are n't , right ? -RRB- .
 An interesting aspect of the music on this CD I noticed was the fact that many unique , original tracks sound as though they had `` always been '' . I suppose this would be because some are so insta-classic , and this is probably the result of the well crafted , infectuous melodies . The tracks that exemplify this best are Absolutely Nothing 's Changed , which seems to recapture a certain degree of attitude from the 70 's ; Go Ahead , a heavier track in a minor key with lyrics that surprised me for their originality and seamless function with the music ; Talk to my Heart , an uptempo number , with a slight hint of Sheryl Crow-ness in there ; Do n't Leave Me This Way , an upbeat ballad with a presentation both confident and warm -LRB- and odd combo indeed -RRB- ; When the Heartache is Over , the first single , slightly reminiscient of Believe , but highly enjoyable nonetheless ; and the title track , Twenty-Four Seven , a rock-n-roll that seems as though it could have come from right out of 1962 . Overall , this CD touches upon plenty of Tina 's styles -LRB- though not as keenly sensual as some of her prior work -RRB- , and feels like a proper culmination of the past century of her music , with a drive for the future .
 I do n't see how anyone can dislike this album -LRB- the negative reviews obviously sprout from something other than the music itself -RRB- . Tina Turner 's VOICE on the album is as POWERFUL as ever . With the help of AMAZING LYRICS AND WONDERFUL MUSIC , Tina 's performance is out of this world.The song `` Twenty Four Seven '' is one of the greatest songs i 've ever heard . The message is powerful and it 's SO CATCHY ! It goes back to her R&B and Rock n'Roll roots . She has even modernized with amazing dance tunes such as `` When the Heartache is Over '' , `` Absolutely Nothing 's Changed '' , and `` Go Ahead '' . They just energize you so much . `` Whatever You Need '' is fun and powerful . A definite hit.In fact this is one of the only CD 's that i have that i can play through the whole thing without being irritated by any tracks ! It 's that good.Overall , if you enjoy the raw energy and truth of love , hurt , and survival Tina expresses through her songs -LRB- such as `` The Best '' , `` Better Be Good to Me '' and `` What 's Love Got to Do with it '' -RRB- , This extraordinary CD TWENTY FOUR SEVEN is filled with it . It 's simply a masterpiece .
 This is Tina best album . This is her first album of the 90 's that is sure to go multiplatnum in the U.S. . Her last few albums have been less than spectacular , but Twenty four seven is jam packed with hits ! The album cover all genres ; Dance , Pop , R&B , and rock . The songs are not only new and fresh but they are trend setting and pull you into the melodies at first glacne . They sound destined to become hits . I 'm 22 years old and there are really no other 60 year old artists that have this type of mordern and hip music out there that a younger generation can appreciate . This album is definatly her best ever ! it 's assertive , the vocals are beautiful . I cant wait to go to a club and jam off of of `` Absolutly Nothings Changed '' ! Thanks Tina for this musical jewel .
 I 've been dancing to Tina Turner since the ' 60 's and she just gets better and better ! Twenty-four seven ranks with her best albums -LRB- or anyone else 's -RRB- . `` Abslutely Nothing 's Changed '' is vintage rock and classic Tina . `` Talk to My Heart '' lingers in the mind and on the tongue . It will become a favorite of lovers everywhere . And the title song `` Twenty-four Seven '' will make you get up and dance ... if you do n't you 're either deaf or dead .
 I could n't give any Tina album less than 5 stars because she is always remarkable . What 's good ? - the diversity of the songs , from R&B , Country -LRB- ish -RRB- , Dance , Funk , Pop , Soul , -LRB- the title track sounds very Ike and Tina -RRB- . No one can deliver a better vocal than Tina . What could be better ? There is some attempt to freshen up the music - listen carefully and you 'll hear the `` bubbles '' and `` pings '' reminiscent of Madonna 's Ray of Light '' . Listening to the intros to most of the new material , it sounds like Tina is going in a fresh new direction -LRB- love the funky opening to All The Woman -RRB- . But once the songs get going , its the same old pop sound she has been doing since the late 80s . Tina has updated her sound throughout her career , and she 's due for an update now . Why not collaborate with the likes of TLC , Macy Gray , or even a hard-core rap artist?Forget Bryan Adams and her same old production team . All in all , 24/7 is a great Tina classic , and her longtime fans will not be disappointed .
 This is by far Tina Turner 's best work since Private Dancer , and in my personal opinion , her best album ever ! Tina 's voice sounds better than ever , full of emotion and energy . This album has dance , techno , pop , rock 'n roll , soul and R&B - something for everyone . The album is very modern and should capture a new and younger audience for Tina , I 'm 23 years old and age has nothing to do with it when it comes to Tina Turner ! ` When the Heartache is Over ' and ` Absolutely Nothing 's Changed ' are fabulous upbeat dance songs . I hope ` Absolutely ' is released in the U.S. with an amazing video . ' I will be there ' is a wonderful song written by the BeeGees and sung beautifully by Tina , another great single to release . ` Go Ahead ' has an amazing arrangement with a very modern techno beat . The title song ' 24/7 ' and ` Without You ' -LRB- which has a cameo by Bryan Adams -RRB- are rock n roll songs that capture the raw energy of Tina Turner . ` Falling ' brings out the soul in Tina and this is a very romantic R&B song that should be released to R&B stations , it would get great airplay . You also find some wonderful ballads including ` Whatever you need ' and ` Do n't Leave Me This Way . ' ` Twentyfour seven ' is a fabulous album with some great producers behind it , the London Philharmonic Orchestra is featured in a couple of songs and Bryan Adams has a cameo in song as well ! I highly recommend this album to everyone , no matter what kind of music you are into . Believe me , you will be blown away by some of these songs . I hope this album is a great success in the U.S. , it definitely deserves it . Let 's hope Virgin records does a good job promoting this album and releasing the right singles . Watch out for Tina on her farewell tour in the U.S. starting March 23rd , the best performer out there - this will be a show you wo n't want to miss !
 It was nice to hear Tina FINALLY release a CD worhty of high praise . While not as addicting as `` Private Dancer '' , I was immediately hooked early into the first track , `` Whatever You Want . '' The gospel twinge is a nice touch . Being a person of diverse musical tastes , the diversity this CD offers is the reason I really enjoyed it . The Cher sound on the first single released is not pleasing to this listener , but the positives certainly outweigh this setback . The best tracks are the tile track and the aforementioned `` Whatever You Want . '' Tina is far from dead - Rolling Stone be danmed !
 This is Tina 's best album since Private Dancer . I think everyone should get this album . The best songs on here are When The Heartache Is Over , Go Ahead , Talk to My Heart , Twenty Four Seven , Without You , and Falling . I think finally now that Virgin America will promote Tina more . Buy this album because it is simply the best .
 i think that this is going to be one of top albums of 2000 . All the songs are pure TINA TURNER . I ca n't wait to see her on tour .
 This CD is so wonderful ! Every track just gets better and better!This is Tina Turner shining on her best moment over , over all over again making the listener begging for what is to come and for more Tina!This is a 10 Star CD in my book and can not get enough . Buy this CD . It belongs on the Billboard charts with a slew on top 10 hits.This CD has something for everyone to love . . Cher , Madonna grooves mixed with the return of the classic Tina Turner that makes her shine at every given moment ! It was so wonderful to hear bring the vocal strength back into her latest jem of what made her what she is today . . Soulful power , glissful overtones to bring back every Tina Turner memory come back in a very split second making yout hair raise from happiness.One again , If you do n't have this one in your collecton . You are really missing out as this CD is one of best out right now and is a diamond in a world of jems that can never be replaced.Buy it , Love it and let it brighten your world as it did mine !! Can not wait until Tina Turners next realease . She is a like a fine wine . . She only gets better with age . I hope the up and coming singer will learn a thing or two waht Tina has to offer . If so the moment will not lose it strength of musicianship and emotional bliss.Tina . . You must have an Angel on your shoulder -LRB- You sure sing like one -RRB-
 Great album with good songs and fantastic lyrics.Tina Turner is one of the most important figures in the music industry and every work that she releases has a first class production . `` 24/7 '' is her second new album in ten years -LRB- `` What 's love got to do with it -LRB- 1993 -RRB- and `` Simply the best '' -LRB- 1991 -RRB- were n't new studio albums -RRB- . This time she chose Cher 's producer from her multi-million album `` Believe '' , it also features a never released song from the Bee Gees -LRB- `` I 'll be there '' -RRB- , there 's a song with a special appereance of Bryam Adams -LRB- `` Without you '' -RRB- . The first song -LRB- `` Whatever you need '' -RRB- is a fantastic gospel where features the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra , the forth song -LRB- `` Absolutely nothing 's changed '' -RRB- was written by Terry Britten , the writer of `` What 's love got to do wwith it '' and other hits.The album goes from soft ballads to rock songs.Tina 's voice is wonderful as always and I can say that it 's a pleasure listening to this album , you 'll never get tired of it.The album was a hit , the critics were very good , the first single was a # 1 hit in Europe and the album sold 3 million copies world-wide , reaching # 1 in several territories in Europe and # 21 in Billboard 's Top 200 Albums .
 I have been a fan of Tina Turner my whole life , and I think this is the best CD she has ever created ! The lady just keeps getting better with age . I ca n't wait for her next one . I recently read an interview with Tina in which she discussed her practice of Buddhism . I picked up a book filled with the wisdom of Buddhism that Tina practices called `` Open Your Mind , Open Your Life '' by Taro Gold and I highly recommend it . Both Tina 's music and life philosophy are truly motivating !
 This song is great ! Tina really knows how to turn out hits . This is the next `` What 's Love Got to do With it ''
 Tina Turner is the best female live performer . So if you have missed her live in action , buy the DVD `` One Last Time Live '' . 24/7 is her latest CD , including Europe number one hit `` When The Heartache Is Over '' , from the same team who did Cher 's `` Believe '' . Tina mixes rock , dance , r 'n' b/soul to pop . Bryan Adams duett `` Without You '' is one of the best songs he have been involved with since `` Waking Up ... '' album . Titel track makes us think of classic cut `` Proud Mary '' - it rocks ! There are a few beautiful soulpop tracks including `` Whatever You Need '' and `` All Kind Of Woman '' . It 's is in the best Top40 style she come back . To bad the record company dident release more singles . We just wait for another great return of the queen of rock - soon !
 Tina 's records ai n't never been for anhedonics like mebbe a few of her critics seem to be ... ya got ta hear what she 's singing and what all she 's putting into it ... to me she 's got a top rate CD with top rate songs , if ya ca n't sit back and dig it with her or even do the Tina shimmy on some of the jams , then mebbe Prozac will accomplish some enjoyment . I and many , many other people , I would hazard a guess to say , however , prefer less pharmaceutical techniques to find pleasure ... Tina on `` twenty four seven '' is one of those things which fits that bill perfectly .
 I just wanted to say that i had the privileged to work with Ms Turner hear in Florida in Fort lauderdale at bachelors 3 night club a very long time ago . It was the biggest moment for me and a once in a life time . She will always be the ONE thrill in my life has a professional player in music . I will always cherish it forever . . Those of you who has seen her live know what iam talking about . -LRB- I might add that she broke Ray charles record there for the most attended.in a night club . The club was located at sunrise blvd and a mile west of the galleria Mall . Hats off to you Tina where ever you are . We all are with you . sincerly Ty and my sister Tina linnett .
 Tina Turner is undoubtedly one of the greatest artists of all time . Her music transcends age and stubbornly refuses to fit into a set genre . In answer to some critics who suggest that `` When the heartache is over '' is a rip off of `` Believe '' , i suggest they actually LISTEN to the song . It 's true that Cher is the dance diva of the moment . However , this doesnt mean that she has a monopoly of this genre . It is ridiculous to suggest that Tina would emulate her just to have a hit ! She is already one of the quintessential dance artists of the modern era . She has nothing to prove to anyone except herself . Indeed Turner 's single is more soulful in its effect . This album further cements Tina as a musical icon.It incorporates dance , soul , R&B , and pop , showing us that Tina is not confined by rigid definitions of genre . Indeed , her talent know no boundaries and should continue to flourish for at least another decade . Tina , we salute and thank you for your many decades of musical perfection . You are truly a legend
 This album is slick , and very modern . There are few true voices out there today . Even at 60 Ms. Turner reminds us what a true artist is all about . Many have complained that she has '' Left her Roots '' But if an artist is to grow , change is in order . Her vocals are just as powerfull as ever . She has lost little to none of her range . She is truly a power house on songs like 24/7 or the dance hit When the Heartache is over . She can still wrap her voice around a ballad like no other woman I have heard . I truly recomend this title .
 Tina is awesome and she can rock at almost 60 . Her new CD is wonderful and is full of energy I love it .
 TWENTY FOUR/SEVEN is the best album Tina Turner has recorded since FOREIGN AFFAIR . It not only puts her back in good standing with the deejays but it also gives her fans a glimpse of the woman they came to love forty years ago . Tina immediately captures the listener with the first track on the album , WHATEVER YOU NEED , and then its a nonstop roller coaster ride til the end . The snappy , catchy ALL THE WOMAN speaks volumes about the woman herself and WHEN THE HEARTACHE IS OVER gives her all the ammo she needs to reply to Cher 's BELIEVE . WITHOUT YOU , ABSOLUTELY NOTHING 'S CHANGED , DO N'T LEAVE ME THIS WAY , TALK TO MY HEART , and TWENTY FOUR/SEVEN all continue the legend she became with PRIVATE DANCER and add to her status as the Queen of Rock n ' Roll . Anyone who doubts that Tina Turner is n't what she used to be needs only to listen to this album to revise his opinion .
 I 'm not really under 13 . I just did n't want to sign in . Anyway , this is a great album . Tina 's most recent album of original material since 1996 's Wildest Dreams , another gem . This is a wonderful album . She seems to be going the Cher route here . `` Whatever You Need , '' `` When the Heartache is Over , '' `` Do n't Leave Me This Way , '' and the title track are among my favorites on this album . Also recommend Tina Live in Europe and Simply the Best -LRB- 2 other Tina albums -RRB- . Enjoy !! : -RRB-
 Many have tried , but none have succeeded in knocking the original Queen of Rock and Roll from her throne ! You see , Tina was belting out rock tunes under the guise of R&B in the late 1960 's , and her smoldering intensity still matches , if not exceeds that of her younger self ! With a voice that is instantly recognizable , can rattle walls and stir souls , the woman who once proclaimed that she was a ` Bold Soul Sister ' in the 1969 R&B smash of the same name , now shows her evolution into the ultimate Soul and Rock hybrid.On 24/7 , we see Ms. Turner blending soul and rock in her own inimitable style . The cd opens up with the lush ` Whatever You Need ' which proves to be a highly moving beautiful pop ballad . The cd continues on with the empowering ` All the Woman ' which hearkens back to the aforementioned ` Bold Soul Sister ' with more of a pop edge instead . But the cd once again picks up the pace with the smash ` When the Heartache is Over ' . As Tina sings and shouts her declarations that she ` wo n't be missing you ' , one ca n't help but believe every word . After all , we ARE talking about the woman who questioned `` Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken ? '' . Then the cd blazes on with the intense ` Absolutely Nothing 's Changed ' on which Tina can be heard saying `` I 'm bruised but I 'm not broken ! '' She IS the proverbial phoenix that has risen from the ashes . Equally impressive are the soul stirring ` Do n't Leave Me This Way ' and hard rockin ` Without You ' . But surprisingly effective is the well crafted , jazzy ` Go Ahead ' . This song startled me as it is not typical Tina , but it works . The muted trumpet and the diva 's soulful voice do marry themselves nicely on this record and Tina sounds just as bold and forceful as ever ! But , I must say that the standout track amongst all these other gems is the anthemic , hard rockin title track ` Twenty Four Seven ' . This is a rock song that Mick Jagger would be all over if he could 've gotten it . But Tina , the goddess of the wild wig and the pumping thighs blows through this song like a hurricane , demolishing the track with her powerful vocal . . it 's perfect for her ! It proved to be a highly effective climax to her live show on her highly succesful # 1 ` Twenty Four Seven ' Tour.Tina sounds better than ever , looks better than ever and her stage show ... I do n't even need to mention it . It 's no wonder that she is the most successful female concert artist in history . And if she continues to bring forth the marvelously uplifting material as she did on this album , we truly will be able to look forward to seeing this diva demolish concert stages and world records for years to come .
 To speak from one of her songs . . `` She 's simply the best , better than all the rest '' ... I love this album ... We should all strive to be so real , gutsy and honest .
 Once again Tina Turner has impressed me with her talents . The first song pulls you right in and makes you want to turn the stereo up loud ! This CD is definately a great compliment to Simply the Best .
 The `` Queen of Rock & Roll '' is back and better than ever . Despite the bad review that Rolling Stone gave her , I think that `` 24/7 '' is an excellent album with wonderful tunes . It 's amazing that she is still singing and looking as GREAT as ever at the age of 60 ! Something even the `` Queen of Soul '' ca n't do , so eat your heart out Aretha . The best songs of the album include `` When the Heartache Is Over '' , `` Talk To My Heart '' , `` 24/7 '' , and `` Whatever You Need '' . This is an album that deserves praise and recognition and I definitely give it 5 stars . Tina you are the finest female singer in music history and keep on working because you will always be SIMPLY THE BEST !
 Having been a fan of tina turner for 17 years , I must admit she never seems to surpise me . With her last album Wildest Dreams , it took a while for me to appreciate what she recorded but in the end it has become my favorite release from her . With this album she returns to the format of `` Private Dancer '' ... theres a little bit of everything in her selections of songs from dance to rock to slow love ballads ... I loved the song `` falling '' it showcases her voice and to my knowledge its the first time she has ever done a song like this it 's slow its got a beat and her phrasing is unbelieveable ... this is a refreshing upbeat album from Whaatever You Want to When the Heartache Is Over maybe finally she will get the radio airplay here in the USA that she derserves .
 `` 24/7 '' is a continuation of a masterful body of work . With `` 24/7 '' Tina Turner demands that the listening audience have as much energy has she does . As a great follow-up CD to ` Wildest Dreams '' , tracks like ` Falling ' , ` Talk To My Heart ' , and ` Do n't Leave Me This Way ' , demonstrate a voice that has only grown richer and stronger . Pop tracks like ` When the Heartache is Over ' , will surely garner criticism , just because of the association with Cher 's ` Believe ' . But hey , when you can sing it as well as Tina , who cares . Besides , it 's the type of song that American radio plays , and any time I can turn on the radio and hear Tina , it 's a good day .
 While I do n't think that this is one of her best albums , Tina Turner opened up 2000 with Twenty Four Seven and it 's quite good . A lot of the songs have more of that techno dance , electronica sound to it , and Tina actually pulls it off on the high energy songs . At that time I was very into the Mark Taylor/Brian Rawling produced dance numbers and rumbling sound that they had hits for Cher and others between 1998 and 2001 . But they really matched well with the legendary Tina on the songs on this album . When The Heartache is Over , Absolutely Nothing 's Changed , and others sound good . The title song is rocking . The other songs by the other writers/producers are also very good . This album proved that Tina could make a solid , upbeat album at 60 and why she 's still one of the best in the music business !
 Tina Turner is truly one of the very few exciting , incredible , amazing , and truly legenday performer of our time . And , so is her work on the remarkable album . The songs on this album are wonderful . Beginning with the wonderfully-done ` Whatever You Ned , ' starting quite subtle , but finish with this performer 's great and everlasting vocal range . She then goes into the wonderful of ` All the Woman , ` an excellent declartion of not only of feminine independence , but of her wonderful satisfaction of herself -LRB- she id all the woman that SHE WANTS to be -RRB- . At this point of the album your entire mood should change as Tina introduces you to her new knowledge of life with the hip dance song ` When The Heartache Is Over ' followed by the exciting ` Absolutely Nothing 's Changed ' As you listen , you begin to realized the this album is more than just a redition of new songs intended to gain your likeness and give Tina a hit album -LRB- besides , Tina tours gives her more just what a thousand copies of this album may give her -RRB- , but is intended to make a powerful statement of how she is able to change with time itself . OF COURSE , THE SONGS WHICH WERE MADE INTO HITS DURING 60 'S -LRB- RIVER DEEP-MOUNTAIN HIGH -RRB- & 80 'S ARE SOME OF HER BEST MUSIC , BUT ITS NO LONGER THE 60 'S , 70 'S , 80 'S , OR 90 'S - WE ARE NOW IN A COMPLETLY DIFFERCE CENTURY TIME TO LET GO OF THE PAST A BIT AND LIVE IN THE FUTURE -LRB- AS TINA SINGS ` PARPDISE IS HERE ... THE FUTURE IS THE MOMENT ' -RRB- Altogether this is a wonderful album and I recommend it to ANYONE WHO SEES INTERSTS.Along with this album , which by the way became double-platinum in Europe -LRB- those European fans always love her music and buy-out all the ticket to her exciting concerts -RRB- , and the amazing `` Twenty Four Seven 2000 Tour made Tina over one-hundred Million dollars -LRB- US dollars -RRB- Her tour was the number 1 in the United States for the year of 2000 . the gross amount made from the North-American -LRB- including Canada -RRB- leg of the tour was 90 Million dollars . Tina also performed to over 500 people during the European leg of her tour , not to mention the 80,000 people she played to in London Wembly Stadium on July 15 . Tina performed at the Wembly Stadium for two nights , making over 2 million dollars at one venue alone . She will , NO MATTER WHO SAYS WHAT , forever be SIMPLY ON OF THE BEST , SHE HAS A POSITIVE INFLUENCE OVER MILLIONS OF PEOPLE ARROUND THE WORLD . A wonderful lady !!
 AN INCREIBLE `` COME BACK '' AFTER `` WILDEST DREAMS '' THIS CD WAS # 1 HIT ALBUM IN EUROPE IN WICH TINA CAMES BACK WITH ALL HER ENERGY AND FEELING , THIS ALBUM MAYBE DOSE N'T HAVE THE ROCK OF `` PRIVATE DANCER '' OR HER EARLY YEARS BUT IT 'S BEAUTIFUL . IT HAS A GREAT GOSPEL SONG -LRB- WHATEVER YOU NEED -RRB- AND DANCE SONGS LIKE
 I was lucky enough to catch Tina Turner when she was touring behind this album last year , knowing it would be her last , and was completely enthralled by her stage show . While her albums have become glossier affairs as time goes by , it still must be said that it far outweighs alot of the pop music being forcefed these days . While she 'll probably never do anything that approaches ` Better Be Good To Me ' or ` The Best ' , she manages to tap into current trends quite well , and with great conviction.Dance -LRB- ` When the Heartache is Over ' -RRB- , rock -LRB- ` Without You , the title track -RRB- , and r & b -LRB- ` Do n't Leave Me This Way ' -RRB- are all well-represented here , and while there is the occasional filler track -LRB- ` Absolutely Nothing 's Changed ' -RRB- , the record overall is nonetheless an engaging listening experience .
 The Queen of Rock has done it again , and she does it in classic Tina style . I have been a fan of Tina 's since `` Private Dancer '' , TWENTY FOUR SEVEN ranks at the very top of her work . From the declaration statement song
 I THINK THAT 24/7 IT 'S TINA 'S BEST ALBUM , IT HAS ENERGY , AND FEELING . IT 'S REALLY GREAT IT HAS BEAUTIFUL SONG LIKE
 This cd is quite different from the atmospheric and excellent `` wildest dreams '' ... this is more upbeat definitely . Key cuts are `` when the heartache is over '' - -LRB- straight-ahead dancing survival of the queen -RRB- , `` go ahead '' - -LRB- definitely my favorite with its ' defiant attitude -RRB- , jazzy `` falling '' - -LRB- the soft side rarely seen . . nice ! -RRB- , `` 24/7 '' - -LRB- it rocks ! -RRB- . A great release . I originally was going for 4 stars but after a few more listens it grew to 5 stars . It is excellent overall .
 This is one of the best CD 's I 've ever heard ! I ca n't get enough of it . It is true Tina , ROCK & ROLL ! You are missing a true treat if you do n't have this one already ...
 This is a CD that I can put in the player at any time during the day regardless of the mood that I 'm in . It 's swing music so it will always put you in a good mood and the songs have enough variety that they do n't sound the same.This is a very good CD especially if you 're new to swing music .
 Overall , this is a good album and has a number of cool songs on it , which is why I rated it 4/5 . `` Drunk Daddy '' is one of my favorites . = DBut , it was lacking a little . `` Mister White Keys '' , `` When I Change Your Mind '' , and `` Come Back to Me '' were ' t the greatest tracks I 've heard . I did n't care for them.It could have also been a little longer . I would have liked to have seen `` Irish Whiskey '' , `` Suicide Kings '' , and `` We 'll Always Have Paris '' on there . = -RRB- To me , it just does n't qualify as a Greatest Hits album for this . It 's good , but not for a Greatest Hits album .
 This CD is really good to get into swing music and if you like ska , a lot of these songs will appeal to you . `` Ding Dong Daddy of the D-car line '' is a great track and a lot of these songs can make you feel like you 're in the movie Swingers . I definitly think this is a great investment .
 Actually this is my daughter 's cd . She 's 22 yrs old , and loves the big band era . I could listen to it over and over again , and never get tired of it .
 I had always heard and enjoyed the old swing tunes from the 1930 's and 1940 's , but I would have never thought it would come back in the 1990 's . Quite a few bands re-acquianted swing to the late 20th century . The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies were one of those bands . I have the `` Zoot Suit Riot ... Greatest Hits '' CD , and I play it quite often . You ca n't help but to move around when this music plays ; and I LOVE music that makes you feel good and move . There are very few CDs that I have that I like every song on it . This is definitely one of those few . I give it a 10 ; two thumbs up !
 I first heard the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies -LRB- CPD -RRB- several years ago in a small club as the middle act between the opener Rancid and the headliner `` X '' . CPD struck me as a bunch of bandroom guys with great chops and a quirky frontman who have found a way to keep gigging . This was before Zoot Suit Riot . This CD is a great introduction to their pre-Zoot SubPar label releases including a number from that original show .
 I personaly love and am in love with this cd , I own a 62 mercury comet and what a cool thing to hear come from an ole car , swing baby swing ! I would love to hear a new one .
 This cd is awesome , I love every single song on it . It is one of the greatest swing cds there is :-RRB- Do n't hesitate to buy and/or listen to this .
 even though the lyrics are dirty the cherry poppin ' daddies are the best swing band i have ever heard
 I think the concept and the attitude of the Daddies was to have fun here , no one should be looking for deep hidden messages in the lyrics . `` Zoot Suit Riot '' is a good fun boogie woogie swing tune , another good boogie woogie tune is `` Mister White Keys '' . The tune that kind of reminds me that it should be part of a Vegas Lounge set is `` Come Back To Me '' . The last track on the disc is very reminiscent of Cab Calloway 's style , `` Shake Your Love Maker '' , if you 're looking for fun tunes that swing check it out .
 Although the songs on `` Zoot Suit Riot
 I 'm not really a swing fan , but I heard Zoot Suit Riot on the radio and was hooked . My fav 's are Zoot Suit Riot , Brown Derby Jump , No Mercy for Swine , and Cherry Poppin ' Daddy Strut . This is a true party favorite for many of my friends !
 I 've been a huge fan of the Daddies for about five years now . Every album is a new , rip-roarin ' experience . Zoot Suit Riot is an amazing collection of old and new songs . I would definately recomend this album as a first time listener 's purchase . This album will keep you movin ' from the first song to the last . Also , if you have the time , check out their shows . You wo n't be dissappointed .
 This is probably the best CD in my collection . Zoot Suit Riot is my favorite , followed by Dr. Bones , and Mr. White Keys . If you like swing , this is simply a must . Enough said
 lots of fun to listen to . my grandchildern love it .
 zoot suit riot makes you want to jump jive and wail
 I recently received as a gift the Zoot Suit Riot CD , and I believe it is the best CD/Album I have ever listened too . The musicians are very talented and the compositions are great . Ding Dong Daddie of the D-car line is my favorite this week , running a close second is No Mercy for Swine , and Dr Bones is in third ... Thanks for such great music , Daddies ...
 This cd is absolutely unreal !!! It 's the first daddies cd that I have bought , but it 's absolutely cool !! Especially Master and Slave , and Drunk Daddy and Zoot Suit Riot !!!
 I got this CD when it first came out and it is a lot of fun to sing along with and dance to . I would definitely recommend it to anyone that likes swing and upbeat music . One of my favorite songs on it are `` Here Comes the Snake '' and `` Come Back To Me . ''
 It 's great ! I love it ! I first heard it visiting Wisconsin and rushed right home and bought it ! The songs are funny , with a great beat and I am in love with Steve Perry !
 The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies have opened a door to a time machine and invited the world to come on in ! Zoot Suit Riot makes you want to slip into a mid-calf length dress , -LRB- or pinstriped suit if you are a guy -RRB- roll your hair under and swing the night away . Keep 'em comin ' guys , we love it !
 Swinging , stylish , sexy , punk , and ultimately cool . Beat and lyrics tell you its okay to have a drink , a smoke , and some cherry poppin ' time in spite of the politically correct times we live in now . So grab your cool cat or cool kitty , learn some steps and head out to a dive and enjoy some of the cherry poppin ' attitude with this superbly arranged and hot music .
 Bought the CD after reading all the gallant reviews of it here - and you all were right ! I 've loved it since the minute I opened it ! Makes you think you can swing like a star even if you ca n't dance a stitch ! The style , voice and sound all combine to make one rockin ' CD !!! A must have ! I also bought some Brian Setzer Orchestra and Royal Crown Revue and I must say that I do n't have anywhere near the great time that I have listening to the Daddies ! Thanks Guys !
 This has to be one of the best CD 's I 've bought in a LONG time . There is no way you can get sick of this . Steve Perry 's voice is absolutely amazing , and backed up with the brass and percussion , the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies are the undisputed kings of swing ! I hope that you 'll come down to Australia some time and get this place swingin ' !
 This CD is the the best their is and the best there ever will be !! If you have never heard this CD you must be very stupid because it is the BEST !!!!!
 I first heard of the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies last week as their awesome sound and rhythm jumped from my co-workers pc . As a 30 something desk bound professional having played in a big band during my college days , their sound awakened my soul . What an incredible and powerful sound this band possesses . This is American music at it 's best ! Now if I can only catch my breath and stop my feet from a tappin ' !!
 I would tend to call this part of the swing revival -- the ability of a band to make full use of past rhythms and spice them up with a little rockabilli and a touch of jazz . Great fun ! To those who think the lyrics are too harsh -- music should do just that
 Absurd huh ?! Imagine actually thinking while you dance . Imagine the song touching you in a personal way , with real lyrics and unabashed sexuality . Gasp ! No actually , what we want is ... `` I 'm gon na jump with my baby tonight ... I 'm gon na swing with my baby tonight ! '' But I ca n't dis BBVD , cause they 're awesome but their lyrics just fall flat and wither away next to Steve 's powerful songwriting that is pure poetry set to a wild beat and racy horns . CPD has talent up the wazoo and still maintain a funny ironic humor rather than taking themselves deathly seriously like * cough cough * other bands . ANd I 'm really surprised at the people who really ca n't handle wonderful lyrics . Their horns are flawless , Steve 's voice is golden and can change at the drop of a hat to fit the mood of the song and the planets are in line and you know theres hope when you listen to these sublime performers and musicians .
 Sure the language was unnecessary , but all in all , these boys do something that even the original greats could not -- they give some swinging music that you can really dance to . Goodman , Basie , Prima , etc. rarely had something with a good , fast beat -- most were slow songs , with do not do swing justice . The CPDs have managed to create music that makes me want to pull my girlfriend on the dance floor and kick some serious bootie . Swing rocks , and these guys help it out . Do n't crack on them for their particular angle on a classic style . I appreciate the youth and style they 've tried to give a reimmerging style of music . I 've been waiting for this to happen for 5 or so years -- the resurffacing of swing music !!
 The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies are great !! I have every CD . I love the song No mercy for the Swine !!! It is great ! I think they are ssoooo talented ! Expecially Steve Perry ! He has a great voice !!!! BBVD are good . But not even close as good as CPD !!! I reccomend this Cd to everyone ! They are not just swing !! They are anything they wan na be !!!!!!!
 If you like some great music you can really dance to , this album is for you . It 's not only a couple songs that are good either , the whole CD is GREAT ! It 's fresh and unigue .
 This is a truly great album , best I 've heard in years , with the exception of the Brian Setzer Orchestra 's , ` The Dirty Boogie ' . Swing , at the moment , is relatively rare in Ireland , which is unfortunate , so , we get them only on import . The outstanding tracks for me , on this album are ` Drunk Daddy ' and ` No mercy for swine ' . Like the Setzer material , there is a very definate ` hard edge ` to this particular band , they do n't seem afraid to get involved with the ` nitty , gritty ' of life , like child abuse , for instance . I find this most refreshing , especially considering some of the early Jazz/Blues recordings of , for instance Billie Holliday . However , these recordings are ` Jump ' or ` Swing ' or whatever you want to call it , and are handled with a degree of humour , not a bit poe-faced . I think that with a good lyricist , these topics can be incorporated into a more upbeat style , take for instance , some of the uptempo tunes by ` The Jam ' or ` The Style Council ' or even Elvis Costelloe . Definately a first rate album , with the level of musicianship and lyricism being superb . Buy it and be damned !
 Great music , great band . Should keep you swinging for hours.Every song keeps you moving , even if you are listening to it in the car ... you just might get some strange looks .
 I was introduced to this band by a friend , and have loved them eversince . This is the first album i heard of theirs and i must admit that it 's one of my favorites .
 A fun CD from beginning to end . Starts out with the radio hit `` Zoot Suit Riot '' , a very catchy tune with plenty of brasswork that does n't sound too serious or too contrived . The lyrics reflect the swing-era roots but contain modern phrases and topics -LRB- some a little risque -RRB- . Very tight execution of the genre , every song has a little hook or element that is straight from the swing era . The lyrics are clever and descriptive with a lot of detail . A good CD for either serious headphone listening or to just put on in the background .
 Any Swing freak would love this cd ! Pretty much every song you can dance to .
 I find swing the greatest type of music ever originated . The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies were the first swing band I 've heard and now I am hooked on swing . I am goin ' to go look for another CD by the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies because they are the greatest .
 This is the only CPD album I own , but it 's fantastic ! Finding good swing/big band music is n't the easiest thing to do , but CPD is a great place to start if you want to pick up something from that genre .
 One of my all time favorites . Came in very good condition . Case slightly cracked , but WHO CARES : -RRB- I would recommend it to ANYONE .
 Great mix of music . Even though each song is big band , each song is still distinct in that every song sounds different and not the same thing over and over . I would defenetly recommend buying this CD . Everyone around me has loved it so far with no-one not liking it .
 This cd is wonderful !!! I love nearly every song.It is upbeat , and fun to listen to.Y ou must have this cd wether you are18 or 80 ! It bring back memorys of the 40 's to the older group and a new style to teens and young adults.This is the swinginist cd in the world !
 I may be almost 80 , but when my grandson was playing this CD -LRB- on his CD player -RRB- in my house , I had to sit and listen . I liked it so well I had him make a copy of it for me , since I do n't have a CD player . If you guys want something else cool , that I just discovered , check out Dino . My son digs him .
 This cd swings from a to z . A must have for any serious swing afficionado.Way Cool Daddy !
 It is just terrific ... that 's all !!!
 This is an amazing cd . As I sit , listning to it , I think back to when they were just a local band , before they were rich and famous . The music on `` Zoot Suit Riot '' , especially `` Zoot Suit Riot '' itself , is fast-paced , exciting , and well written . You could stay up all night just groving out , and singing along to the words of the tracks . This is music history , folks , never forget that .
 Take a horn section , add a jazz beat , a vocalist who sounds like he comes out of the 1930 's , and some fun -LRB- raunchy -RRB- lyrics and you 've got the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies.This disc is a lot of fun throughout . Just try to keep your toes from tapping as you listen !
 Absolutely blew me away !! Finally , a fresh sound that dares to be different ! It is humanly impossible to sit still while listening to `` Ding Dong Daddy '' and , while almost the entire CD has a pure swing sound , much of the lyric is defiantly-in-your-face unclassifiable . Listening to `` Dr. Bones '' after listening to `` Come Back To Me '' will leave you wondering `` What IS this ?? '' and wanting much , much , more . Go ahead and blow out your speakers on this one -- it 's worth buying a new set . Pure genius .
 I really enjoyed this CD . I love swing and this album has all the elements that make swing great plus some .
 This cd is soooo fun to dance to at parties . I love the beets !
 so your walkin down that street on the way to the music shop getting ready to buy another normal cd . suddenly u hear that sound ... a different sound . u find yourself tappin ' your feet . but what is it ??? It 's the cherry poppin ' daddies !!! the modern swing sound ! and u can find that sound on this cd . i must say ... this is by far one of the best albums i 've ever heard.it includes the hit , `` Zoot Suit Riot '' , and with the classic big band sound , and incredible vocals , u cant go wrong !
 I saw this band in a basement bar in Cleveland and they had the entire place rockin and rollin . This CD is great and the song `` No mercy for swine '' will be the mantra for closing time . I had purchased the Ferociously Stoned '' CD and I thought some of the songs on it were better than their re-mastered versions on this one - still this is definitely one you should get .
 It is refreshing to hear an updated swing . Listeners to the classic Big Band Swing of Dorsey , Goodman , etc. will appreciate the freshness of digital clarity and the urge to jitterbug when placing this cd in their player . The complicated swing beat is evident as is the driving rhythm that propels each song into the next . The sultry sound of the songs also permeates the album . If you want to feel an upbeat , happy return to a golden era , get this cd .
 this cd is the only one u need in your stero ! it will keep u alive ! thanx cherry poppin daddies !
 overall , good for the swing novice .
 After hearing and seeing the video for `` Zoot Suit Riot '' , I wanted to hear the whole album . I was skeptical at first when I bought it , but I 'm glad I did , it kicks ! The music is good for listening at parties or just around the house . Add it to your collection , you wont be disappointed .
 This is a terrific collection of the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies swing songs , great for swing dancing , listening , playing at a party , whatever . The band is rhythmically tight , colorfully arranged -LRB- music-wise -RRB- , and pleasantly creative and upbeat . However , when it comes to real musicianship - musicians that can improvise a solo with personality - this band comes short . Solos are few and far between . And , if you want a tougher , more masculine lead vocal , look elsewhere -LRB- Big Bad Voodoo Daddy , Royal Crown Revue -RRB- . Despite that , this band is high quality compared to most swing bands and is one of the few worth droppin ' some dough for .
 This is a great cd for swing music . The music is very fast , upbeat and bright . It is very nice to see some interest in this genre again . The only caution about this cd is that some of the themes of the songs are highly questionable for a younger audience . Otherwise , grab your sweetheart , your fedora , a great zoot suit and hit the dance floor !
 Swing was well before my time , but damnit if it was n't good music . I am glad a modern band came along to play some swing without treating it like some sappy background music for a church party . `` Zoot Suit Riot '' includes some fast-paced swinging -LRB- ! -RRB- tunes about fights with sailors , bady guys , getting drunk , and of course some good old-fashioned questionable romantic pursuits.The lead singer does n't have the best voice of the decade , or even the year , but he is good enough and he sings like he has something to say . The music backs this up , and the result is an album with the energy we should expect from a dance genre.If anyone is bothered by songs about fightin ' and philanderin ' and dirty dancin ' , maybe they should pass on this and go listen to one of those nice wholesome 16th-century operas about rape and murder .
 Cherry Poppin Daddies ! Another one of my favorite swing bands . However , these guys are a little more hardcore than anybody else ... lyrics are a little fun to listen to , as the name of the band can imply . The tempos are a little more variant , ranging from a nice slow gander to a fast lindy . But the music is still excellent ! As mostly original songs , this album can give quite a bit of spice to a night of swingin . The band does have a few other albums , I believe , but as hardcore as these people are , I think this cd -LRB- a compilation of their best music -RRB- is just the right amount of their kind of swing music . It is a little more modern than all the other swing bands ... but that 's also what 's fun ! Check it out . You 'll like it !
 This is a damm good swing cd . Do n't listen to the other reviews saying that its Ska . There are only traces of Ska in tracks such as Dr Bones , and Pink Elephant . The band is excellent but they do have a habit of adding extra horns and a piano player do n't get me wrong these sound great but it makes me wonder if they would sound as good live . As for the lyrics some may find them offensive but in that case do n't buy the cd . My opinion ? I thought that the lyrics fitted in well with the songs and the style of music . If you like Neo Swing and bands such as Big Bad Voodoo Daddy and Royal Crown Revue then this cd is defiantly for you .
 CPD is a good band . They are tight , efficient , skilled with their intruments , and fun to listen to . But are these guys a GREAT band ? I do n't think so , yet . Zoot Suit Riot was one of my first forays into the world of swing . It 's catchy , full of fun , semi-memorable riffs , and the singer oozes suave , but they 're also missing something vital to this kind of record , which is a basic understanding of what swing is all about . They 've attempted something new , which is honorable
 In parousing the other reviews , I notice that the only ones that are negative make reference to this music `` not being real swing ... '' C'mon people ... you are missing the boat . Instead of buying this CD with preconceived ideas of how it should sound , just slap it in your player and enjoy it for what it is ... extraordinary song-writing , amazing musicianship , and more heart and soul than you could ever want . If you pay attention to any of the press on what the band is about , you would know that the very thing they want to steer clear of is rehashing the 30 's and 40 's swing . Unlike many of their contemporaries , -LRB- Big Bad Voodoo Daddy , Squirrel Nut Zippers , etc -RRB- , they do not aspire to create a sound that could fit seamlessly into that distant era , but instead want to create new and exciting sounds like you find on this fantastic CD . For those of you who are open-minded and just love excellent music ... buy it and enjoy !!
 I LOVE , LOVE , LOVE this CD . I gave it 5 stars because that 's all I could give . It 's worth at least 10 . The Cherry Poppin Daddies re-created swing music , making it more interesting and fun for the younger generation . I wish that other bands would do the same for some of the other older genres of music . It is refreshing to hear such a wonderful , upbeat spin on the classic swing . You can dance to it , sing with it , and actually enjoy listening to it . I truly enjoy every single song on this CD . I 've listened to it so much that I 've literally learned every word to every song . This is a bold and daring collection of songs , there is no doubt , but the Cherry Poppin Daddies pulled it off beautifully and put it together into a CD that no true music lover should be without . Do n't wait ... buy it now ... you wo n't be sorry .
 I am 14 years old , and I love this CD . The way the music flows , it just makes you want to dance ! This is perhaps the best CD I have ever owned . The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies have thrown swing into my life from the bell of a saxophone . After I listened to this CD I realized what mindless -LSB- ... -RSB- I has been jammin ' to before -LRB- System of a Down , Linkin Park , Korn etc. -RRB- . I strongly urge you to buy this CD either for you , or as a gift for some teenager , or even child . Who knows , they might be chuckin ' all their System of a Down Cd 's and start blastin ' some music you like too . Good Luck !
 I postively love this cd . It so entertaining to listen to and if you are into swing dancing this is the music for you . The quality is like having Cherry Poppin Daddies right there with you performing it , it 's that good . Zoot Suit Riot is a very up beat and fun cd for everyone to enjoy .
 The song Zoot Suit Riot brought Swing back to mainstream in the mid-90s , with it 's ubiquitous radio airtime , that in turn spawned swing clubs across the country . That said , this album has a lot more to be said for it . Ding-Dong Daddy of the D-Car Line , Here Comes the Snake , Drunk Daddy , Brown Derby Jump and Shake your Moneymaker are all now mainstream Swing songs . Indeed , looking at this album , it has so many great songs it reads like a Greatest Hits album . Essential for any swing CD collection for both it 's impact to the genre , as well as the quality of the music .
 I thought this is the perfect CD to dance to . Great for parties and other stuff . Got ta get it .
 I LOVE Swing ! And this is the best CD if you do too . No matter how often I play it , it just gets better and better . Awsome instrumentals , clever lyrics and a great atmospher of this CD definately place this selection at the top of my list !
 People who call this fake swing , well , you 're wrong.CPD play very original modern swing with thought out lyrics and a great horn section . I would give them 6 stars if possible . This is it , the best swing album ever . If you do n't have it , you better get it now .
 This is a fabulous ska/jazz/swing / alt . album . Zoot Suit Riot and Mr White Keys are great songs . I would recomend it to people who enjoy swing with a twist .
 A great dance album . Wonderful rythm and awesome energy
 this is a grate cd . my favorite song on the cd is Mr. Bones . if you like swing than this cd is for you . hope you injoy !!!!
 Not a dud on the disc . I actually kept this CD in my car 's player for the first 2 weeks after I bought it and listened to nothing else . Edgy lyrics with contemporary themes combine with brass blowin that goes right to the bone . I dare you to remain seated while this band plays . Mr. Perry has captured the 90 's swagger of the post gen-x generation in his lyrics and set it to timeless music . Play this album then play Brian Setzer 's `` Dirty Boogie '' and what will you hear ? gaping holes and Mr. Setzer 's overamped jagged guitar . So who gets the Grammies ? Where 's the outrage America ? Rock-on Daddies , I ca n't wait for your next disc and I 'll see you in Poughkeepsie in April .
 I spend long hours working at a computer at home . I play this CD over and over while working . This album reintroduced me to swing , and I ca n't get enough of it . The beat , the illiteration -LRB- i.e. , Ding-Dong Daddy of the D-Car line -RRB- , the unusual subject matter of the lyrics , etc. , all make for a CD that I never tire of listening to .
 AFTER LISTENING TO THIS CD , I WAS FLOORED ! I THINK THIS IS THE BEST MUSIC I 'VE HEARD IN YEARS ! I CA N'T WAIT UNTIL THEIR NEXT CD . I 'VE BEEN A MUSICIAN FOR 25 YEARS , I WISH I COULD 'VE PLAYED IN A BAND LIKE THIS . EVERYBODY SHOULD OWN THIS . MINE SITS NEXT TO MY BENNY GOODMAN COLLECTION !
 I loved all the songs buy this one now
 I RECOMMEND THIS RECORD TO MY FRIENDS , SPECIALLY IF YOU ARE A SWING DANCER !!
 I 've been reading through these reviews and the biggest complaint is that it 's not `` real '' swing . They keep comparing it to Count Basie and Glenn Miller . That was the swing of their time . But they have to understand that to the teenagers this is the swing of our time ! And it has a pretty damn good beat ! So the lyrics are suggestive , to me , that adds some -LRB- not on Dr. Bones , that 's too much ! -RRB- ! To me that makes it more fun ! Yes , the old swing was great ! For teenagers this is their swing !
 This is the best music there is to dance to . So if your haven a dance party do n't forget the Zoot Suit Riot by Cherry Poppin ' Dadies .
 I 'm not into this sort of stuff . Too contrived , I thought . About six months ago I was in Houston , and was persuaded to see these guys live . Their energy is totally infectious and I was blown away . So try it , like me you may be pleasantly surprised .
 I come from Australia and this is the Best CD that I have heard in a long time !! Zoot Suit Riot was released here only a few months ago and many of my musician friends are going crazy over it . It 's Sensational ! My Family and I will never get sick of this CD Congradulations CPD on a Wicked CD - Keep it up !
 Let me warn you before you buy this CD
 The Cherry Poppin Daddies are trying to bring back music that has pretty much been dormant for many years . Swing music made its peak in the mid forties and has n't been heard much from since except in the underground music scene such as local ska . . The Cherry Poppin Daddies do a spectacular job of swing music on this album which is a compilation of the best songs off of their previous albums , and a few new songs put on the album such as Zoot Suit Riot , which is starting to see airplay and has a video in the MTV rotation at the moment . Such songs as Mr. White Keys and Come Back to Me make you wan na get up and dance ! I highly reccomend this cd and advise you to buy it !
 great stuff , makes m wnt to dance , good music and they are vry talented , hope to hear more .
 This C.D. is awesome . The horns , piano , and everthing else give it a unique sound that you do n't here much of these days . It is an awesome C.D. !!!!
 This album has a great swingin ' sound and the band is just awsome .
 This is a great CD if you are tired of the same contemporary crap .
 This CD is awesome ! I thought I would only like 2 or 3 of the tracks but I love them all ! There are very few CDs that I can listen all the way through , and this is definately one of them ! I really wish they would play in my area , I would love to see them in concert .
 Cherry Poppin Daddies have a real winner in this CD . Great swing music , it is addicting . Fans should also check out Big Bad Voodo Daddys , their just as good , maybe better .
 If you live for swing , you 'll love The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies . They 're full of jump , swing , and a style all their own . You 'll never get tired of this one . So grab your swingin ' cat or kitten , and crank up the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies ' Zoot Suit Riot !
 I love it ... ca n't get enough of it : -RRB-
 This album rips ! It 's not another swing clone but something that is totally different to RCR or BBVD -LRB- both superb bands-try them -RRB- which is great . Swing is a blast but too much of a good thing can leave you jaded ... and the neighbours if you like it loud . Zoot Suit Riot has bits of swing and ska chucked togrther and its a good recipe , and the horn section is just amazing . Tracks of worthy of rattling the windows are Zoot Suit Riot and No mercy for swine -LRB- ? -RRB- . I would recommend CPD to anybody who wants something other than ` pure ' swing , even tho I despise putting a band in the `` swing '' box . Whatever you do , play it loud >
 I 'm ashamed to admit it but I bought this CD because of Zoot Suit Riot . From the first time I listened to the whole CD , I was in love . I was freaked out by the language at first , then I realized `` It does n't matter as long as it 's good music . '' And it is GREAT music . I love it . And `` Zoot Suit Riot '' is n't even the best song . I like `` Ding Dong Daddy '' the best .
 If at first you 're not exactly hooked , keep listening . It will quickly grow on you . Stop the carping about the lyrics , it 's not quite to the `` PARENTAL ADVISORY '' point . The band has great beats , etc. . Except for the disappointing ending on # 6 .
 This album ROCKS ! When I heard `` Zoot Suit Riot , '' on the radio for the first time , I thought
 I 've never really heard swing before , but after listening to this CD , it sounds awesome . It has a beat that you can really get into . I wish swing was in now , it would be great !
 My girlfriend gave me this CD recently because I had heard the song `` Zoot Suit Roit '' on the radio and loved it . I was eager to hear the rest of the album , and it turned out better than I had hoped , i have never been interested in swing music until now-these guys really did an incredible job with this . Buy it now !!!
 I do n't know about anyone else , but I am sick to death of new people who become famous and ca n't sing worth crap . Half of them do n't even deserve the title of `` musicians '' . How refreshing to find recent music that has some sort of quality . By far the best songs on this CD are `` When I Change Your Mind '' , `` Cherry Poppin ' Daddy Strut '' , and `` Shake Your Lovemaker '' . I 'm wild for this band , it 's worth the money to buy the CD . Anybody with music knowledge will love it !!
 Absolutely love it - this is the first CD I 've listened to in some time that has really sparked my interest and not sounded stale after a couple of days of constant play - ca n't wait till the sound makes its way down under -LRB- bit too much to ask for a CPD tour down here -RRB- .
 i love it cherry poppin daddies you are the best .
 I was a little worried when I bought this CD because the only song that I knew from it was Zoot Suit Riot . However , I 've found it to be one of the best CDs in my collection thus far ! Every song truely is amazing ! They really make swing come alive right in my home . I ca n't keep it out of the CD player wherever I am . I 100 % recommend it !
 Zoot Riot is the lead song and the one with all the air play , but there is an other that is deserving air play . Brown Derby Jump ... . the bass guitar in this song is remarkable ... . Many of the songs relate to each other , like if it was telling a story . If you like Brian Setzer , you will like this CD . This CD jumps and jives !!!!!
 The songs are full of catchy phrases and brilliantly made . The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies picked all the right hits to be on the album especially my favorite , Zoot Suit Riot .
 This CD combines the best of thier first three albums , plus features thier best song to date , `` When I Change Your Mind '' . The horns section is completly amazing on this album , and the line `` OK Dad , you can beat me , but you 'll never beat me '' still sends chills up my spine . The only bad thing about this CD is the song `` Here Comes The Snake '' . The sexual innuendo is , as always , funny as hell and blatently obvious .
 Great energy ... WOW ... bet you ca n't sit still while listening to this fantastic collection of high energy swing . Thanks Daddies , I appreciate good music and this is very good music !
 This guys started out as more alternative , and the concerts were more mosh pit crowd , but they 've always had an awesome horn sound . After a few mosh pit concerts , I 'm glad to hear them put that incredible horn section into the swing scene for some real rug cuttin ' dancing . Some fun songs , a couple of heavy songs , but all great !
 This CD will never get boring !!! And you ca n't help but tapping you foot . Learn how to swing and put this CD on - it is SO much fun and not a bad song ont he CD !!!
 The Cherry Poppin Daddies bring traditional swing into a rock contemporary format . The beat is great in most of these songs as are the lyrics . It sure was refreshing to get turned on to this group , as I enjoy the swing beat era .
 Wow ! Swing is back ! And it 's no wonder why ! CPD is one of the most uplifting and wonderful group I 've ever heard . Swing dancing is great with these guys !
 This CD is definitely on my top 10 list of kick butt cd 's . If you want good songs with good beats that you can really jive to , buy the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies .
 I was the first person around to get this CD , I had to order it through a record store . Cherry Poppin Daddies are currently on playlists for Top 40 stations , as well as MTV and VH1 . They are , simply put , the best band with the most talent to be recognized by the music industry in a long time . I had the pleasure of seeing CPD live , and I was high for weeks after . They 're just , wow .
 For anyone into swing or ska , this CD is great . I love the Daddies more then any other swing band . Their songs are full of action , upbeat instruments , and great lyrics .
 I am a female , 35 years old and have had a lot of exposure to a lot of different types of music . From singing in a barber shop quartet , to having a Dad in a harmonica group called the `` Harmoni Cats '' , to having a great grandmother who ran a speakeasy and listened to stuff a lot like the Cherry Popping Daddies music . It takes a good band to get me to actually lay down on the floor in the center of my stereo system , -LRB- keep in mind , with that kind of beat ! -RRB- and `` listen '' to the music . The words , the beat , the brass , oh God , the drums , Gene Krouper would be proud , it was all fantastic . I would very much like to attend a concert , I would be honored to see a group such as this perform live . By the way , the singer , Steve Perry , who was he with prior to this band . His voice and name both sound very familiar . He 's got a fantastic , clear , accurate voice . Sings with real feeling . He gave me HUGE goosebumps ! If I do n't get the goosebumps , it was n't good !!! Thanks , Brenda
 This was one of the first cd 's that I bought , and it has been well worth my money . There are very , very few albums in any genre , that you will enjoy every single song . This just happens to be one of them . From beginning to end , it 's a thoroughly enjoyable cd.If you buy any Cherry Poppin ' Daddies cd , this is the one to get !!!
 When I started hearing `` Zoot Suit Riot '' I would sing with my friends and we 'd alternate the lyrics `` throw back a bottle of beer '' to `` throw back a bottle of root beer , '' because we were in 6th and 7th grade and we did n't like the alcohol references . The title cut , `` Pink Elephant '' and `` Master and Slave '' are the top 3 songs on this CD . As said in one of the reviews there are a few songs with vulgar lyrics , but most of them do n't have too many . The CD is very good , especially if you like swing music .
 this is a really good cd ... and i listen to punk music . im not really sure why i like it ... it 's just good ... ya know ? unexplainible i guess ...
 Product arrived in a timely fashion and although used was inexcellent shape
 Despite edging away from the trad Neo-Swing sound , these guys sure do take you to town with Zoot Suit Riot ! Apart from the well known title track , the rest of the CD is HOT ! Even though some of the lyrics are a tad `` over 18 '' , young and old alike would surely cut the rug in the trad Lindy style to this one !
 this is good . as a leader in the return to swing band sound the zoot suiter 's are a excellent group . Their sound is big band with the funky undertones that the people like so well today . I recomend this album wholeheartily
 The latest set from these eight men is definetly their best yet . Guaranteed 14 of the 15 songs are down right amazing . Bass lovers will enjoy hearing the standup bass .
 I first heard `` Zoot Suit Riot '' on the radio and loved it so much I called the station to find out who that was . I rushed right out and bought the CD . Now that I have it I listen everyday and can hardly keep from dancing in my car ! I play it at every party and everyone absolutly loves it !! It is a definate must have !
 My 12 year old daughter `` turned me on '' to this CD . Now it is always in my car stereo . I can remember my parents listening to swing when I was 12 , and I never thought that I would have the same experience with my daughter . It is really great watching her enjoy this type of music , although there are a few lyrics that I find to be alittle `` old '' for her consumption . We enjoy your work , and admire your talent . Tell Johnny G. that his fan club from Cape Cod says hello .
 A couple years ago I discovered the big band and swing sounds from my grandparents generation . Although the music was great , the lyrics were old and kinda silly ! I bought this CD after hearing Zoot Suit Riot . Its the 90s with a 40 's sound - what a combination . Its just a ton of fun - caution - if its possible to wear out a CD , this may be the one ! Enjoy !
 This album is a great one . If you are just getting into BIG BAND or you are a swingin cat from the days of yesteryear , you will absolutely LOVE this album . The tracks on this eclectic album will make you think and make you laugh . A great album . and a must buy ...
 This compilation by the Daddies is one of the best albums of the year . The Daddies dark humor , and frantic music make for an auditory soundscape that is hard to beat . From the happy yet twisted sounds of `` Come Back To Me '' to the dark confessional lyrics of `` Drunk Daddy '' the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies have put together a solid portfolio of their many years of music making .
 When i heard the single `` Zoot Suit Riot '' i instantly fell in love with the band . I purchased this album and listened to it non-stop for a month . The Cherry Poppin Daddies are by far the best swing act to emerge in this neo-swing era . The enthusiasm on this record was so inspirational . I saw them in concert on the Warped Tour and saw that the band was not faking it on the album . What 's on the record is a lot better live . So if you get the chance buy the CD and go see them at a town near you .
 I love this CD ! It 's the perfect mix of neo-swing , dixieland , and boogie woogie . The tunes make you want to dance , and I think that the CPD 's have done their duty in releasing a kick - *** album . I salute you guys , and love your music . From one swinger to another , Keep it up !
 I regretted buying this album as soon as i handed the clerk the money . I had this feeling that they only had one good song and the rest would be crap . i could n't have been more wrong . the songs here show a depth in music and structure that is quite brilliant . the songs grow one you . they are n't disposable quick-fix pop songs like all the stuff in top 40 radio , they are intelligent . the worst song is Zoot Suit Riot , which is the song i bought it for . forget crappy genaric bands like brian setzer , cpd are the best talent behind this so-called swing movement . in fact , they are the ONLY talent ... have you heard the others !? crap
 My fried Adam lent me this CD because I like the song `` Zoot Suit Riot . '' I LOVE this CD !!! I want to get my own , now that I 've listened to it . The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies have a beat that makes you want to get up and dance crazily around the room ! I especially love `` Ding-Dong Daddy of the D-Car Line '' and `` Master and Slave '' and `` Dr. Bones '' and `` Mister White Keys '' and ... Oh hell , I love 'em all ! The music is great . I love the singing . Definitely a fabulous CD ! Get it !
 The cpd comes out with another great album . This is what every swing lover needs to add to their collection . The songs are all good , including , zoot suit riot , Dr bones , and when i change your mind . I think this is a cd that every swing , ska , and alternative fan need ! They are the greatest !!!!
 Mom 53 loved this album.puts me in a great mood all day . Ca n't be depressed while listening to this music . Son 23 - My mom surprised me when I heard this tape playing in her car . I have the CD . I love the words to all the songs - reality .
 Awesome . This CD is great through-and-through , unlike the Brian Setzer album , which has a few good songs but is n't that great . The CPD 's rock the swing generation , and deserve more recognition .
 Dance , dance , dance ! `` Swingin Hits ... '' is a great collection of the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies best . A great horn section , great lyrics , and great style , what more can you ask for ? Just hearing the opening of any of these songs makes me want to get up and dance . These guys have been around for a long time , and they just keep getting better ! I think their lyrics are inspiring ... `` okay dad , you can beat me , but you 'll never beat me '' -LRB- Drunk daddy -RRB- , this band is great . This is a great band with real strong personality and presence , both live and on record . I highly recommend this to any ska or swing fan , hey , to anybody who loves exceptional music . A great job Daddies !!!
 Zoot Suit Riot is the best swing CD I 've heard and it is one CD that I listen to from beginning to end . If you 're looking for a excellent swing CD this is it1
 The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies swing harder than most of the Neo-swing bands out there and have been doing it for about ten years now . The Daddies definitely have their own unique sound and style . Zoot Suit is obviously the album to get if you 're just into swing but if you like ska or punk their previous albums are just about as good ! One of the great things about CPD is that they basically do n't do covers . Everything but `` Come Back to me '' is orginal , just in case you 're tired of hearing the phrase , `` it do n't mean a thing ... '' This is the * only * CD where I listen beginning to end !
 I 'd never heard of the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies before I heard Zoot Suit Riot at the studio where I dance . I took a chance buying this CD not knowing whether or not I 'd like the rest of the songs . I was not disappointed . They 're all good . This CD is great to listen to -LRB- but do n't expect to stay still -RRB- and definitely perfect for dancing or exercising to . The CPD are extraordinary and Steve Perry 's voice is incredible !
 I have never been into swing , but this is an incredibly well done album . The music , along with some of the most sincerely shameless and creative lyrics make this a must for anyone 's collection .
 The cherry poppin daddies are a look back into the past and when you here them you just have to dance to the music because the beat is just soooo perfect .
 WE LOVE WORKING OUT TO ZOOT SUIT RIOT . OUR INSTRUCTOR REALLY SETS THE MOOD FOR US TO SWEAT TO THE SWING . ALL OTHER SONGS ARE TOPS !!
 This album is pretty good ... not as good as I had hoped . Zoot Suit Riot is definitely the greatest song on the album , other ones like `` Come Back to Me '' are also good . But it does n't live up to the expectations I had . Overall a good album , but not perfect .
 This is the best and most fun CD I 've ever bought !!! It 's the first CD that makes me dance while I 'm driving
 I really think that this CD is a great . For everyone that loves swing this is a must . It has great beat all through the CD and it keeps you going all the time . I really look forward to CPD 's next CD .
 The Cherry Poppin Daddies are awesome and they make you want to get up and dance . They also dance good , swing good , and make you want to learn how .
 This is one of the best new albums out !!! It is a lot of fun to listen to and I would reccomend it to anyone .
 Just to good to miss out on . One of the best CD 's I 've heard and this is after listening to it for a month straight .
 The Cherry Poppin Daddies have put togeather a excellent collection of tunes . It is a change of pace from anything I hear on the radio . The one song that they do play on the radio -LRB- Zoot Suit Riot -RRB- while it is a good song . Songs like `` Drunk Daddy '' deserve air play . If you do n't own this CD , it is a worth while purchase .
 This greatest hit album of the Cherry Poppon ' Daddies is a CD for everyone . It has a wide varity of fast , slow , happy , and hardcore songs . I think that anyone who is just getting into ska , jazz , swing , ect . should get the amazing CD
 It is a great bit of music and brings back fun ... makes u want to get up and move ... The band has a high energy level as is seen when u veiw the video ... Album is very addicting . . just very hard to find ...
 It is very rare these days to see a great band like the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies come along and make the nation love swing music again . The music reminds of the great times of the 30 's and 40 's . From the dancehall/jitterbug music of `` Zoot Suit Riot '' , to the swinging sounds of `` Dr. Bones '' , the Daddies tell about the hardknock life . Abuse , misuse , pride , dance , and flavor ; just some of the words that can describe most of the songson this album . Needlesss to say the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies are considered to be one of the best swing bands in the world today , and this album certainly proves it .
 best happy music in town . did n't know that `` young '' bands could play such good swing music . my feet do not stand still . cooooooolllllll
 The Chery Poppin ' Daddies are great ! Swing was out in the 40 's and the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies decieded to bring it back ! I 'm only 13 and I listen to this . This great to listen to in the car , while working out , in your room , in the streets , wherever , whenever ! The song Zoot Suit Riot alone is awesome . The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies have got a nice beat and boy do they know how to swing -LRB- now if only I can get my grandma to teach me a couple moves -RRB- !! All in all , the CD is great , The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies are great , go out and tell your friends !!
 The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies are bringing back the swing style of music that was popular in the '40s . I like their music because it 's creative and energetic .
 The Daddies are an incredible group , both in the studio and live ; some highlights on this CD are `` Drunk Daddy '' , `` When I Change Your Mind '' , `` Cherry Poppin ' Daddy Strut '' , and `` Shake Your Lovemaker '' . This band could replace coffee in America 's # 1 stimulant .
 IF THIS IS CATCHING ON AGAIN WERE IN FOR A RIDE AND A HALF . SWING ON
 The music and musicianship on this CD are fantastic . There are n't any harmony tracks on the vocals for the most part , which is a surprise , but it does n't detract because much of it is carried by layered horns , fantastic piano playing and great upbeat arrangements . It 's not all the same and there are subtleties that most would miss on the `` tongue in cheek songs . '' Some of the highlights are not the title track - `` Dr. Bones '' , `` No Mercy for Swine '' , `` Ding Dong Daddy '' and others . The whole album is listenable and not one bad track on it , some better than others that 's all.Lyrically ... this band is challenged . I do n't quite understand where they were going with the miscogenystic overtones on some songs and then others about the horror of abuse . Makes me wonder what Steve Perry 's background is . That 's easily the weakest part of the album and , on occasion , some of the lyrics are not the kind you want to have children around for . I 've heard much worse , it 's occasional but still not the strong point .
 I have been looking for this CD for a while and Amazon had it in great condition at a superb price . I love the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies but had not owned any of their music . To be a true collector , you must begin with Zoot Suit Riot . Although it is music of a time gone by , the Daddies enliven it and the voices are current and the music so clear and energetic that I ca n't sit still when hearing it . These songs are certainly a mood lifter ! They may me laugh , dance and feel good ! Great background music for a party for all age groups.Don ' t miss out on this sound in your musical collection . The daddies are the best at what they do and sometimes you want to just let your hair down and have a little fun ! Treat yourself ! The prices are right at Amazon.com !
 now look , from beginning to end , these guys did a heck of a job in bringing `` swing jazz music '' to life -LRB- the godfather rythom to allmost any music that ever made it mainstream in america -RRB- ... . yes , there are some lyrics on this album that has profanity ... but SO FREAKIN WHAT !!! as far as i 'm concerned about that aspect is , with all of the stuff that is popular now a days and what they talk about , this does ` nt even come close to being vulgar like many of that STUFF !!! weather it be rock , rap , r & b , country , etc. . . so if you have an open mind and heart to what `` music '' was like before what 's so popular now a days , then believe me , you wo n't go wrong with this album ...
 This is not your father 's swing band ... whoa -- not by a long shot ! These guys do n't hesitate to throw four letter words into their lyrics and combined with hot swing drumming , razzy brass and often snide vocals , you got yourself one heck of a different swing sound.The sense of humor can be outrageous here -- listen to `` When I Change Your Mind '' and tell me you ai n't laughin ' by the time the song reaches its wacky end . A number of reviewers pooh-pooh the musicianship on display here -- one of 'em even said the entire album was `` horrendous '' -- but ya got ta look past this kind of review and see what CPD is really doing -- which is make fun of people looking for traditional swing in a new band and at the same time to shout out what swing was -LRB- and is -RRB- really all about -- SEX . The word `` jazz '' itself was originally a verb that meant to engage in sex with someone -LRB- now replaced by the most infamous four letter word on the planet -RRB- and Cherry Poppin ' Daddies know this -LRB- naturally , you can tell that even by the name of the band -RRB- . This is a lot of fun for those with a sharp edgy sense of humor . It 's a novelty item , no question , but there 's no way you 're ever gon na find another new swing band that does what these guys do . This kind of like listening to a band made up of nothing but Jokers -LRB- i.e. , the Joker from Batman -RRB- -- you can actually HEAR the wicked cackles in their music with just about every tune.Dig it !
 This CD has been a fave for me over the last 8 years or so ... I keep comin ' back to it for an adreneline boost , literally . I 've also got cds from BBVD , RCR , Squirrel Nut Zippers etc. , but for my money this is the real deal.There 's not one bad track and several outstanding ones ... my faves include Ding Dong Daddy -LRB- breathtaking opening -RRB- Mister White Keys , Master and Slave , Dr. Bones , Come Back To Me , Drunk Daddy -LRB- disturbing images , but killer track all the same -RRB- and Shake Your Lovemaker.I admire Steve Perry for his skill with lyrics . While at times dark and nasty , it is honest , full of imagery and downright fun for the most part.He is not blessed with much range in his voice , but uses what he has well.The music , especially the horn arrangements literally jumps out of the speakers . Go ahead , Try and keep still.Hopefully , we 'll hear more , even though swing has gone below the radar again , the music is too damned good to completely disappear .
 1997 's `` Zoot Suit Riot '' is a hip , volatile album that allowed the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies to make the old swing genre new again . In a brief period when Brian Setzer and Big Bad Voodoo Daddy were heating up the dance floors , this CD managed to stand out on its own . While the blaring horns , primal drums , sliding saxophone , and feverish piano highlight the record 's sonic twists and turns , frontman Steve Perry belts out his lyrics with a forked tongue . Beneath the seedy glamour of 1930 's Hollywood , his razor-sharp lyrics are painted with shocking episodes of sex , alcoholism , and drug abuse . Fortunately , the overall content is not at all distasteful . Even the explicit language can be easily ignored by the jiving flappers and mobsters of the period.The album 's famous single , `` Zoot Suit Riot , '' is an infectious swing classic with a spirited , lava-hot chorus . Both `` Ding-Dong Daddy '' and `` Cherry Poppin ' Daddy Strut '' are tongue-in-cheek tracks that center around a naughty playboy . The jazzed up `` When I Change Your Mind '' and the gyrating `` Here Comes the Snake '' are sexually-charged songs that let Perry sweep lonely ladies off their feet . The percolating `` Mr White Keys '' is a brief narrative about a sleazy car salesman involved with a local gangster . `` Brown Derby Jump '' is a light-hearted nightmare about a dangerous dame . This track is followed by the rattling `` Dr. Bones , '' which concerns a crazed lunatic who carries more than an 8-ball in his pocket . The decadent `` Pink Elephant '' takes audiences out to an exclusive bar where homeless drunks eat out of garbage cans . `` Master and Slave '' and `` Drunk Daddy '' are embittered and angry accounts of Perry 's childhood ; he reveals in graphic detail how he grew up in a broken home , beaten and tortured by his own father . It 's quite clear here that the lead singer carries scars that will take a lifetime to heal . `` No Mercy For Swine '' appears to recall his latter years . This particular song explains how he was once a depressed soul who drowned away his sorrows in beer and women . Finally , the entertaining rhythms of `` Shake Your Lovemaker '' bear musical hints of Broadway show tunes and the tap dances of Fred Astaire . `` Zoot Suit Riot '' is a CD I highly recommend to anyone who enjoys live theatre and smart , contemporary songs . Who wants to throw back a bottle of beer ?
 Other reviews have inspired me to defend this big sound , fun listening . This CD was in a car I borrowed from 50-something , upscale , grown-up to fill the drive from Denver to A-Basin . The lyrics , if you listen closely , are a bit adult , but the verve of this recording is just too irresistible . I acquired my own CD immediately after hearing these jump-around-the-house songs .
 I listened to it lots . I ca n't put it on without getting up and dancing . The songs combine good old fashioned swing with a touch of modern reality .
 This , i have to say , is one of the best CD 's i own . It 's hard to find good music with all the bad stuff out there . i say , you should get this CD if your up to trying something a little different .
 I heard `` Zoot Suit Riot '' on the radio and was hooked . Then I went out and bought the cd and I was very surprised . The cd was better that I thought . I love Ding-Dong Daddy of the D-car Line . I am in love with Steve Perrys voice . It 's so sexy . I then saw a picture and fell instantly in love . He looks good . The saxaphones and trumpet players are really good . I play iin a band myself , and man I really wish they had `` Cherry Poppin ' Daddy talent '' Now I own 3 of their cd 's a I absolutly love them .
 This CD is a wonderful mix of jazz and swing music that transported me back in time to an era of speakeasies , gangsters and blues singers . While some of the songs deal with deep and dark themes , the melodies of the music itself makes you tap your feet .
 This cd has alot of swing to it . Its much different then other music today . Its like music from the 40 's with a twist ! It just makes you wan na dance . Everyone should have this cd !
 This is absolutely the best CD I 've ever heard . You wo n't be able to sit still listening to it . I 'm defintely addicted ; have to hear it all the time . I need to order more copies so I 'll have one for home , office and car . But be warned , I got my first speeding ticket in twenty years listening to this . It makes you want to MOVE .
 If your interested in any kind of swing music or wan na try it out this is the cd to go with . It 's basically The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies greatest hits . Try it you 'll like it .
 I love swing music , but I hate the sappy , stupid lyrics . That 's why I bought this CD . The Best . The CD where rock and swing collide . If you like those sappy swing lyrics , this CD ai n't for you
 The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies are phenomenal . From beginning to end this collection of music is outstanding . The lyrical content is genius and the musicianship and musical arrangments are pure genius as well . This is by far the best CD to come out in the last couple of years . You MUST buy this CD right away ... you will not be disappointed !!!!!!!! They should win a Grammy for this one !!!!!!!
 The music resembles something from the Squirel nut zippers but it is far better in quality and most of all , energy .
 Cherry Poppin ' Daddies have a fun sound , rejuvenating the swing sound my parents listened to . First heard their music on alternative rock station , it was the first song I could understand since I started listening to something other than country . An energetic list of tunes for listening to around the house , or while on a Sunday drive with the top down .
 It is not often that I purchase a CD after hearing only a single song from it . But , when a local radio station began playing ` Zoot Suit Riot , ' I knew the rest of the album must be just as good . I was not disappointed . The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies give off such contagious energy that it is difficult to keep my feet from tapping to the rhythm . The lyrics are catchy and almost beg you to sing along . I am truly glad to have found such a fun swing album !
 I love jazz and swing music as well as alterntive and pop . I found the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies a mixture of all . I love it . I first heard Zoot Suit Riot on t.v. and on Kiss 98.5 FM . Thanks Daddies ... the album is great .
 If you like to `` shake your lovemaker '' and hear a sexy smooth voice provided by Steve Perry then `` Zoot Suit Riot : The Swingin ' Hits of the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies '' is a must for your c.d. collection ! The Daddies take you from fast and upbeat songs like `` Zoot Suit Riot '' and `` Brown Derby Jump '' to a more sly mysterious sound like in `` Here Comes the Snake '' and `` Pink Elephant '' . The instrumentals in this c.d. are awesome you can end up listening to a song 50 times in a row and still not get enough ! I love the catchy lyrics which can sometimes be so blunt it 's hilarious ! The thing I love most about this c.d. is the passion these guys seem to have for their music ! It really shows , you 'll almost be able to see the energy these guys have bursting out of your stereo ! Bottom line it 's awesome , you 'll love it no matter what kind of music you listen to ! Go pick it up !!!
 The only song I knew before I got the ` Daddie 's disc was thier smash `` Zoot Suit Riot '' . Now , a scant three weeks later , I know nearly every song by heart . I 've worked to this CD , and of course danced to it . I love hearing Riot on the radio , now I can hear it all the time . Furthermore , I 'd like to hear the following songs from this disc on the radio
 I only heard the song Zoot Suit Riot once , and i knew i had to have the album . The whole thing is a walk through swingland - and its something fresh and new that you can actually dance to ! I ca n't praise this album enuff-so i 'll just be quiet now before i do something dumb . -LRB- too late ! -RRB-
 A swingin CD from a swingin group ! Fun to listen to at home , in the car , or at work ! Plus ! Amazon gives an outstanding price .
 To the music fan from Philadelphia , who wrote on August 15 , 1998 `` 2 or 3 pretty hot tracks , overall , good for the swing novice . '' - Baloney - This album has excellent cuts for swing -LRB- the real thing - not the stuff you learn in studios -RRB- , and great quickstep & peabody numbers . The orchestration is hot and tight & the synchopations are awesome . This is the music Whitey 's Lindy Hoppers danced to in the 30 's . Let 's hear more of this stuff .
 I would give this CD 5 stars , but I absolutely HATE their name . It sounds silly , but is one of the reasons I did n't get it for so long . I love all of the tracks , they are upbeat , swingy , and fun to listen to . -LRB- They almost belong in a Richard Simmons Video ! -RRB- Buy this CD if you have no problem saying their name , and if you are sick of radio stations that just play the same 5 songs in different orders all day !
 A great addition to anyone 's cd collection ! This is a must for parties of all ages . With the constant saturation of mundane depressing music that 's infiltrated the charts the past few years - it 's nice to hear some bright tunes for a change . A little on the trendy side , but what a nice trend it is .
 I do n't know about the other reviewers that reviewed this CD , but I think a lot of what you take away from a music experience is how and where you listen to it . I LOVE this CD for use as background music or driving music and also for just general listening.If I am driving a long distance , or working at home , this CD is great to pop in and have in the background . It is also great when you feel like cranking up the volume and dancing a silly little dance , or rocking to the beat.True this album has it 's downsides such as language and a few mediocre songs , but when you compare the great listening experiences of , `` Zoot suit riot , '' `` Dr. Bones , '' `` Master and slave , '' `` Drunk Daddy , '' and `` No mercy for swine , '' to the rest of the album you can see that you get a pretty well balanced album of highs and lows - which is what I know * I * generally look for in an album.I also do not think it is warranted to downgrade an album for language . That is part of the fun of the album , and obviously they are aiming at a more adult audience , which is fine by me ... that means I get to be spared from the whiney pre-teen/teenie-bopper ballad/love song/depression garbage a lot of bands will stick into their albums if they are aiming at that age group.Bottom line , this album is a great listen and I would recommend it to anyone over the age of 14 .
 This cd is classic from beginnign to end . It reiks of martinis and hookah smoke , if you ever have a hookah party this cd is perfect background music , it 's also great bachlor pad music , and martini party music . I listen to it whenever I make the L.A. to Vegas roadtrip . It is not traditional swing , but it is swing-dixieland-50 's lounge-fusion , in fact there are more hints at dixieland music , than swing on this disc . The music is also very much influenced by lounge lp 's of the 50 's -60 's especially the space age pop stuff . This cd has more in common with the music of Esquivel than Glenn Miller . The Sammy Davis Jr inspired `` Come Back To Me '' is awesome -LRB- though they say its Sinatra inspired -RRB- . Zoot Suit Riot was a hit and has that 90 's -LRB- Royal Crown Review . Big Bad Voodoo Daddy . Brian Setzer -RRB- swing sound , however I like the dixieland Louis Prima drenched Cherry Poppin Daddy Strut -LRB- I 'm a Cherry Poppin Daddy Now -RRB- , and Here Comes The Snake , which sounds so Sam Butera . Great fun disc !!! For it 's unique genere it deserves 5 stars .
 Zoot Suit Riot
 whatever makes an album attractive , is what the audience is looking for in their selection . If you want smooth jazz , you wont find certain discs attractive or appealing . if you like vocals , then an instrumental disc is not attractive.If you like intensity with a driving rhythm , then you have come to the right place with this disc . This selection is not for those who like soft smooth melodies , or relaxing jazz ensembles.There will always be some songs you prefer over others , and that is to be expected ; but for everyone who 's preference is a hard driving beat , there is something here for every taste ; Let me point out a few of those i have come to be strongly bound to , and cant leave behind ; You choose your own favorites ; 1 -RRB- Ding Dong Daddy of the D Car Line ; One of my favorites , preferably with the volume as high as my surroundings will allow . The opening suggests just what you will expect from the rest of the song ; A perpetual intensity that keeps your lips wet for the next part of the song .2 -RRB- Dr Bones ; If I were a dee jay for a party , this one is right on top of my list ; The vocals drive as well as the rythm and horn sections . There is something about lyrics like these that will keep you shaking where ever you are .3 -RRB- Come Back to Me ; At first , I detested this number , untill I kept listening to it , and came to admire how well it replecates the sound and feel of a night club in the mid 1960 `` s.It was the authenticity that i came to respect and appreciate.After collecting music for the past 40 years , i know that I am not going to fall deeply in love with every song on every album . In each album , there are selections i embrace , and save the album for that reason . These numbers listed above are my justification to keep this disc for life . You may like others for reasons of your own ; You only live once , so grab onto , and enjoy all you can find before you get arthritis , and cant move your legs anymore .
 I 'm writing this review because I think the previous ones sell this CD short.I found every track on this CD entertaining . Many of the lyrics are provacative but in an entertainng way . It just sounds like a guy looking for some . If you find that offensive , then do n't buy it.The music is very catchy and I think would be easy to dance too though I 've never done any swing dancing.I 'd recommend this to anyone looking for a CD that will motivate you at work , in the car , or during your workout .
 Smart , literate swing . And if you check out their other albums , you 'll see that they are not limited to one style . Sometimes they sound like Hank Williams , sometimes like Stiff Little Fingers . Ocassionally gimmicky , but I like 'em .
 I got this CD used at Wherehouse . My friend wanted me to get it as a joke , and I did . I listened to it a few times and decided not to listen to it again . A week later I listened to it again , this time deciding that the CD was indeed quite amusing . Although I 'll admit that the CD is good , songs like `` No Mercy for Swine '' can be very annoying at times . `` When I Change Your Mind '' has to be one of my favorites , which is a great song to listen to when you see your `` crush '' from a distance . Even though I love that song , the best track on the CD is `` Brown Derby Jump '' . If you 've got the money and you feel like getting a CD that 'll perk you up when you 're down , buy this one .
 This has to be one of the best CD 's I 've ever heard ! I caught about a minute of ` Zoot Suit Riot ' on the TV a couple of weeks ago and was totally hooked , altho I had no idea who these guys were . This is a total departure from the club and house scene which I love so much , but hey , I 'd give it all up for this one CD ! Let 's just hope these guys make it big in England . . I love it !
 This is a great CD -LRB- Brown Derby Jump is one of my favorite songs by any band right now -RRB- , but like a few earlier dissenters here I like Indio Swing even more . In fact I 'd like to thank the other reviewers here for pointing out Indigo Swing , as I 'd never heard them before -LRB- or at least did n't know who they were when I did hear them -RRB- . So , if you buy this CD definatley look at getting Indigo Swing as well.The only other comment I have is that while Drunk Daddy is a great song -LRB- both tune and lyrics -RRB- , it 's also pretty disturbing and I 'm not sure I could dance to it as a result .
 I ca n't get enough of this CD , and I know every word of every song on it . Its a non-stop powerhouse of hard hitting swing that only lets up when the end of the CD is reached . the only suggestion I have for this CD is `` play it loud ! ''
 This Album is great . It is fun to listen to but more fun to play . You havent lived the music until you have gotten to hear it come from your own instrument . Either way you experience it , it 's a blast and a half .
 I woke up to the sounds of `` Zoot Suit Riot '' one morning and I thought to myself `` This is a pretty catchy song ! '' I kept hearing it on the radio and on MTV and VH1 and I said to myself , `` I 'm going to get this CD . So I went to the store and I bought it . I loved it so much ! I listen to it every single day whether it 's on my way to work or if it 's just when I 'm lying around doing nothiing , it 's on ! I 'm proud of the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies because it takes courage to take an old style of music and twist it around to make it sound more `` now '' . Not every band can acomplish that ! I just want to say that if you have n't bout the CD yet , buy it now ! You wo n't regret it , ask anyone who 's bought it ! I 'll bet you that 90 % of the people you ask will say that they are so pleased that they bought the CD and do n't ever regret it for a single second .
 The Cherry Poppin Daddies was the first band I have listened to playing swing . The first time I heard them I knew it was fun music . It was n't until I purchased the CD that I fully appreciated all the different methods swing music could be portraid .
 i had not expected that this cd would be such a thrill . The songs are just great , easy to listen but hard to keep you seated . If you like the swing sound , dont miss it ...
 This cd is just so fun to listen to . Whether you look for talented musicians -LRB- which is quite hard to find these days on the radio and tv -RRB- , or cool lyrics that make you blush at times , then this is the album . From the intro of `` Pink Elephant '' to the lyrics of `` Here Comes ... '' , to the smooth driving solo `` s '' of `` Ding Dong ... '' , you will be addicted to this cd/tape . In my opinion , if you thought `` Zoot Suit Riot '' the song was good , then your in for a treat w/the others . I have introduced this CD to others , and every one of them have thanked me for it the next day . BUY IT , AND GO HOME HAPPY !!!
 This is not your parents ' swing music . Cherry Poppin ' Daddies combines neo-swing rhythms with surprisingly clever lyrics and themes to make an album that only gets better with time . Those who claim that this album is rehashed or repetitive have n't listened carefully to selections such as `` Ding Dong Daddy '' and `` Dr. Bones '' . West coast swing enthusiasts , too , will embrace the likes of `` Pink Elephant '' . Warning
 This is modern swing at it 's best . It rivals even Brian Setzer and the Squirrel Nut Zippers ; both fantastic bands !!!
 Fantastic arrangements , high energy with a fast moving beat . Zoot Suit Riot is my favorite . Big band at its best . As a drummer I appreciate the fast beats . If you like to snap your fingers , this is the album for you . Ca n't wait for the next album .
 If you are a fan of swing , this cd is a must . It combines toe tappin ' swing with 90 's lyrics . From the MTV hits Zoot Zuit Riot and Brown Durby Jump to Cuts like Here Comes The snake -LRB- about betryal -RRB- , Mister White Keys -LRB- about preduice -RRB- and Drunk Daddy -LRB- about child abuse -RRB- that address the 90 's topics we are familair with , every cut on this album has a different feel from Blues to Jazz to a touch of Raggae . This is one solid cd daddy !
 When I first heard Zoot Suit Riot on the Tonight show I knew I had to have this CD . -LRB- even though that was the first time I had even heard of Cherry Poppin Daddies -RRB- This CD is the best swing CD I have heard yet . This CD is a very good one to swing dance to . If you like swing music then you will really love this CD . All the songs on here are very good
 Wow ! Let 's just say that this is an album that may just get the prestigious `` I have a copy for my car '' award . Steve Perry has the sound of the traditional bandleader , with a great band to back it up , mixed with innuendo that would blow our grandmother 's socks off . `` Here Comes the Snake '' is n't for the Golden Years , but the rest is a great tribute to the music of the '40s . Come out with more , CPD !
 This CD not only let 's you hear the kind of music that the fans know and love , but it also lets you realize that there is music better than alternative or whatever music you listened to before swing , I 've been into swing since I was 6 and I love this CD better than any of my others , I love the horn compilations , and the lyrics to ALL of the songs ! And I think this CD makes since , and most CD 's do n't .
 I give you guys major props on your music , it 's really big at my college and most of the parties . I like it mostly because of the swing style you use , your instrumentalists kick butt . I asked my jazz proffessor what he thought of your music and he says you guys rock , on that note I asked him about using your music next semester for jazz ensamble/show choir and he 's all for it . Is there any place that sells sheet music to your songs ?
 It got everything you could ever want = -RRB-
 I am just turning 14 and I have always loved old swing , but when a friend turned me on to new swing groups , I forgot the past . The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies are the best group Iv ' e ever heard . Almost every song is great . If you 've heard `` Zoot Suit Riot '' , then wait til you hear the rest . So get the CD , and you wont be disapointed . Then go learn to dance , get a suit , and have fun .
 The record execs . will be happy to know that I bought this CD because I could n't get the title song , Zoot Suit Riot , out of my head after hearing it over and over on the radio . However , I ca n't stop playing it -- over , and over and over . Game over , they win.Great fun to listen , great fun to sing along -LRB- and the boys do nicely put a lyric sheet in the box ! -RRB- and great fun to dance-alone-in-your-living room music.CD starts out light and gets heavy toward the latter half . Music is straight outta the swing era but lyrics could belong to any number of alterna-bands out there today . Even the lighter fare has humor , great singability and a fantastic horn section . A short `` homage '' to The Chairman of the Board -LRB- Come Back to Me -RRB- is a nice treat.I highly reccomend this CD ! Be warned , however , you could get bitten by the swing bug and find yourself drawn to black fedoras , red lipstick , and slow gin fizzes .
 This is the best Cd I have ever listened to . I recommended it to everyone
 I love to swing , I 'm 13 , and Cherry Poppin ' Daddies play 's the best swing music !!!
 I LOVE THE CHERRY POPPIN ' DADDIES , my favorite song is Zoot Suit Riot !!!
 I 'm a lover of everything swing , and this CD is by true masters of the genre . With great new tracks like Zoot Suit Riot , and old favorites , the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies should have their own section of your collection . If you love swing , or if you want to get to know it , take a listen ! ~ Raven ~
 I saw the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies open for Fishbone in 1991 and have been a fan since ! Their first record , `` Ferociously Stoned '' , is a must have album . Later I saw them during their only show in Anchorage , Alaska , and they ripped , Their live shows are sweet and their CD 's kick it . `` Zoot Suit Riot '' is awesome ; my advice is to buy it NOW !!
 Oh no ! I 've got HAPPY FEET !
 `` Zoot Suit Riot '' is the hit but , there are more good songs like `` Mr. White Keys '' , `` Dr. Bones '' , and `` Drunk Daddy . '' If you get this CD you 'll love it . I know good music when I here it and I 'm only 10 .
 Of all the reveiws I 've read for this cd below , the one that really blows me away is the `` music fan '' from L.A. who refers to CPD as `` foul musicians without a sense of rythm or unity '' , and refers to the music as `` fake swing '' Unvelievable !! This idiot must have some sort of personal vendetta against CPD . Either that or he 's just not very bright . The fact is , CPD are terrific musicions who have put a 90s edge to a timeless style of music . As a soon to be 50 year old , I love the classic swing of Count Basie , Duke Ellignton , etc. , but also appreciate what the newer bands are doing to generate interest in swing music for the younger crowd . The song `` Come Back To Me '' is a note-for-note , word-for-word cover of the Sammy Davis jr. , Buddy Rich live recording , `` The Sounds of ' 66 '' , which was recorded in the wee hours of the night at the Sands Hotel in Las Vegas . CPDs version is a fitting tribute to two tremendous talents who are sadly no longer with us . My favorite track , however , is `` No Mercy For Swine '' . If this one does n't get your juices flowing , there 's no hope . I believe it was the great Duke Ellington who said there 's only two types of music - good and bad . And believe me the CPD make damn good music !
 Hold on Hep cats and toe tappers , The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies have gotten ahold of something here . With only a handful of Swing bands out there today , there is something that seperates these horn-blowing , swing dancing daddies from the rest of the pack . They 've got the energy , the look , and definatly the sound , of the late 30 's and 40 's , in the 90 's . How oulandish they may have been 50 years ago . But even as they may have been , The cats of 1944 could n't resist a club like the Pink Elephant . You could say the Daddies have 1-uped the swing from that Era , same idea , same dances , 1 step faster and one drum more . All the songs on the album are extremly well arranged , and sound fantastic . With an explosive and earth shattering voice , lead Daddy , Steve Perry sends tingles up and down your spine with notes held to the music and drawn out such as the night club stripper dance song `` Here comes the snake '' . Zoot suit Riot is a downright put-it-in-and-not-hit-stop-until-the-last-song-is-done album , and it shows no signs of stopping . It 's a must have for anyone who is n't with it , and wants to be , or someone who is with it , and has an urge to dance . It 's a must heart , must have . Check it out for yourself
 but you still need to hear it . First of all this cd is nowhere near there old three , and they are not a swing band but if you are a preppy neo swing listener this is probably the best album you are gon na find . the lyrics are excellent contrary to other reviews on this page i think Steve Perry is one of the best songwriter singers out there . But if you want a real good cd try there older stuff its not just swing . and if you want real swing how bout trying Cab Calloway , Duke Ellington or Count Basie .
 This ai n't your dad 's swing , oh NO . Not by a longshot . This is unique , original , and irresistable . A friend of mine introduced me to the Squirrel Nut Zippers a while back , and when I heard Zoot Suit Riot for the first time , I knew I had to check this CD out . And I 'm glad I did . This ai n't SNZ . This is Cherry Poppin ' Daddies . Unforgettable , unbelievable , and well worth the money . Buy it ! Today ! C'mon ! What 're you waiting for ? : -RRB-
 Compared to the music of today , this is very upbeat and fun to listen too . An older friend of mine was surprised I liked it due to its age . If you get a chance too get this , get it .
 All those voices you hear from the peanut gallery saying it is are hardcore fanboys who are mighty upset that on of the greatest third-wave ska bands to ever lift a horn is known far and wide as a swing band . They 're in good company , though - Steve Perry himself -LRB- the lead vocal , for those not in the know -RRB- ca n't stand the swing kids either.While it may not be Ska , this album is brilliant . Tracks like `` Here Comes The Snake '' and `` Master and Slave '' put Perry and Co. in the ranks of today 's preeminent songwriters , among the likes of Dylan and Waits . While the casual-sex and booze mantra of some of the other tracks may start to seem repetitive after a while , stick with them - you might run across a German Expressionist reference ;--RRB- .
 I downloaded Zoot Suit Riot -LRB- the song -RRB- in Jan. of 98 over the computer just because I liked their name . Buying that album was worth it for just that song , but then I listened to the whole album and something magical happened ... every single song was awesome -LRB- and I had never liked swing ! -RRB-
 The title cut is the best on the CD -LRB- surprise -RRB- . I agree with another reviewer that some of it seems a bit forced . However , it 's definitly worth the price of admission if you 're a swing fan
 Zoot Suit Riot is an awesome CD with high-energy tracks . It 's great if you know how to swing . I love the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies big band sound .
 Let me just say that whenever I pop this CD in the CD player -LRB- which is just about everyday -RRB- my feet ca n't stop moving and I just wan na swing , baby ! This CD has everything it needs to become a classic . In the age of the 90 's with all the same sounding alternative music and rap music , this band has helped -LRB- along with others -RRB- break the mold and introduce this long forgotten music into the 90 's threshhold ! Not only is it swing , it is a reinvented , rejuvenated , style for the 90 's music fan ! It has a swing groove with a punk rock beat that 's really a treat ! Cherry Poppin ' Daddies have all that it takes to become greats in the music business , and the CD more than expresses that ! Trust me ... buy this CD today ! You will not regret it !
 I love this CD ! I listen to it over and over again , when I tell myself I 'll just listen to one song but I ca n't stop ! I swear , it might seem pathetic , but I can not keep still listening to this CD ! It is so hard to find a CD that has all awesome songs ! Thank you so much , Daddies ! I am offically obsessed . love , Emily
 I bought the album , because I liked Zoot suit riot , But I listened to it all , and fell in love !!!!! I listen to it all the time , my friends love it too .
 I bought the album , because I liked Zoot suit riot , But I listened to it all , and fell in love !!!!! I listen to it all the time , my friends love it too .
 Can you belive how great this cd is ? From a punk/ska band to a swinging wonder ! I love this cd and listen to it 24/7 . I deffinately recomend this cd to all of those swingers out there !
 I always thought that swing music was stuf my grand parrents listened to when they were young but when I herd Zuit Suit Riot it changed my view . I 've listened to other band 's trying to make swing music popular again and most of them I did ` nt like but than I herd Zuit Suit Riot and I really loved it alot because it had a good beat , fast action , class and stile , and good dance moves -LRB- in the video -RRB- , plus the voice of the lead singer and the words and even the way he looked fell right into place of the song , even down to the zuit suits they were wearing -LRB- in the video -RRB- it was an all out BLAST it 's not like most music today -LRB- creappy and violent -RRB- .
 This was my introduction to the new swing music . I listened to this CD exclusively for two weeks , and I still do . It is still lot of fun , no doubt about it . But it seems to me that there is some kind of formula at work here that requires a certain amount of gratuitous profanity to be hip . It by no means negates the tightness of the arrangements or the power of the horn section , or for that matter the overall sound -LRB- I did give it four stars ... -RRB- , but still . That which needs to be forced is n't coming from the right place . Even if it is red hot .
 The CPD 's are by far the best band alive in America today . `` Zoot Suit '' is the best CD of the year . On stage , I have never seen a band more charged and on fire than the CPD 's . All other swing is boring lounge music compared to Zoot Suit . Steve Perry is one of the top three lyric writers on my personal list , making their music all the more enjoyable . The lyrics are complex , intelligent , morally pointed , and clever . The music is rich , catchy , diverse , and incorporates more instruments than other swing bands . The CPD 's are definitely not smooth and syrupy like other bland bands . They have the same demented , spastic gusto they started out with years ago , and are only going to get hotter . All other bands , including the `` masters '' of days-gone-by swing -LRB- with all due respect , of course -RRB- , are left foundering in the wake of the CPD 's .
 i love the cherry poppin ' daddies ! i have been interested in swing music since i saw the movie `` swing kids '' a few years ago , and i heard the cpd 's on the radio , so i bought the cd and i fell in love with their sound . the lead singer has a unique voice , and in today 's society , that is what 's needed to have a good group , and that 's exactly what these guys are . they blend their sound very well and are great to sing and dance to . they have an upbeat sound , but at the same time , they can have a slower beat in the same song -LRB- such as the song `` when i change your mind '' -RRB- . they do a great job in bringing back the sound of the 40 's and 50 's to the 90 's . if you like swing music , this is a great cd to buy !
 I 've heard some people say that the Zoot Suit Riot album is all about abuse and being miserable . Not all of the songs on here are like that , like `` Brown Derby Jump , '' `` No Mercy for Swine '' and `` Zoot Suit Riot . '' It 's hot jazzy swing with one hell of a beat . I would definitely suggest you buy this album , and if you do n't like `` Drunk Daddy '' or `` Master and Slave , '' just skip them cuz ' the rest of the songs are DEFINITELY worth it .
 Growing up during the 50 's and 60 's provided lots of opportunity to witness rapid changes to the music scene . The Cherry Poppin Daddies have given us a cherry to top it off . -LRB- No pun intended -RRB-
 I 've got ta say that there is not another contemporary swing band out there today that even compares to the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies . Big Bad Voo Doo Daddy and Brian Setzer ? Yeah , they play and write good stuff , but can we say UNIMPRESSIVE ???!!! The musicians in all these groups are probably all very talented and wonderful players , but the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies sure flaunt their talent more , and write harder parts for their songs . The horn section is dynamite , the drum beat is good , hard-driving and steady , and the guitar and piano are just great . Just great.And how can I not say anything about the frontman . Steve Perry is just a genius song writer . I 've read a lot of the reviews of this CD on this site , and some of them are negative toward the lyrics . Too much about sex , blah blah blah . That 's just crap . One of the most intriguing things about Steve Perry 's lyrics is that THEY ARE ABOUT SEX . He writes songs about sex that nobody else can write or has written . The songs work . You hear rap songs nowadays just straight out talk about nasty stuff that makes you want to turn it off . What Steve Perry does is hint about sexuality , which makes you -LRB- at least me -RRB- want to listen to it more , just to figure out what he 's really saying . `` Here Comes the Snake '' is the perfect example . `` I know he did you wrong / And I 'm here to give you what you wanted all along / Here Comes The Snake . '' Just think about it.I just love Steve and the whole band . Seen 'em twice in concert , could see 'em everyday and never get bored . Their non-swing stuff is fantastic , too.You guys are the best . Thanks .
 I recently discovered the new Swing music , and the reason I love CPD so much is because they do n't try to fake the old sound . They mix it up with their own style of music , which makes it sound completely new , instead of just another wannabe nostalgic song . I ca n't stop poppin ' this cd into the player . It 's amazing . This is one cd that you 'll never want to skip a song on . And let me tell you , CPD are even better in concert . I mean , they are spectacular live ! Go see them as soon as possible ! You 'll be hooked too . - Keep Swingin ' - Jen
 These guys are positively the best band for your money . Their music is wild and entergetic while Steve Perry 's lyrics give you something to chew on while you dance your brains out . It 's wonderful fun and genius music . Just listen and try not to be affected in some way . The Daddies rock and swing and it would do you good to appreciate their music as what it is - the best .
 One of the greatest CD 's I 've ever listened to . It got me hooked on the swing scene . I 'd recommend it to anybody at all !!
 Lots of toe tappin ' , finger snappin ' going on with this CD . I just loved it . Makes for a great work out CD
 I play this stuff on my own , and let me tell you , these guys know what they are doing . It is n't easy , and takes years to learn , unlike much of the new ` alternative 's . I think that 's what makes this album so unique . But i have to warn you , once you own this album , your other CD 's may get lonely ...
 I love this C.D. because this C.D. is a great swing dancing music to swing to for the kids of the 2000 year . I am a girl in high school and so far everyone in our school loves it .
 They play this album over and over again . It 's a good thing that the Cherrie Poppin ' Daddies are so good ! I 've come to like it almost as much as the kids do !
 I love this CD ! I really like Zoot Suit Riot -LRB- the song -RRB- the best , because of it 's funky beat . I even made up a dance to it 's perfect rhythm . Whenever I 'm bored , I just think , `` Who 's that whispering in the trees ... '' and I instantly have something to do .
 If there was ever a CD that never got old , than this is it . It almost got me into an accident on the freeway because I was so busy tappin ' my toes I forgot where I was . Seriously though , this is one of the tightest bands I 've ever heard . They never miss a beat and blend perfectly . Although some may dismiss it as `` 30 's swing '' it kicks ! Buy this one today .
 Hello Everyone . Go buy this CD right now ! The Daddies are an awesome swing group . And as a listener of the swingers of olden times -LRB- Glenn Miller , Benny Goodman etc -RRB- I know what I 'm talking about . This CD is fresh and exciting and I 've been humming Ding Dong Daddy of the D-Car Line all day . The rhythm and the lyrics are infectious to say the least . I think my favorite line of the whole CD is `` Who 's your Daddy , Yes I am '' You ca n't get any better than that . There are also some pretty heavy lyrics in Master and Slave , and Drunk Daddy , but this whole CD kicks some serious butt . Finally we get to hear something different on the radio for a change , instead of the usual `` 90s Music '' This entire CD will have you doing the Cherrie Poppin ' Daddies Strut for days . Dig it Daddy !!
 the CD is great and I saw them in concert it was awsome definetly buy the CD they have a great beat and everyone can enjoy it .
 Lotsa fun . Great horns . Cool man , cool .
 THIS IS A FANTASTIC CD ! THE BEST SONG ON HERE IS ZOOT SUIT RIOT WITHOUT EXCEPTION ! ... YOU DO N'T KNOW WHAT YOU 'RE TALKING ABOUT IF YOU DO N'T THINK THIS IS THE COOLEST CD . I have to admit , my mother freaked when she heard the name of the band , and I think some of the songs are slightly out there and may be hard for some to swing to , because even I 've had trouble , but this is a highly recommended must have for swing dancers because of the title track ZOOT SUIT RIOT ! Your feet will never get enough of it .
 ok , to begin with , this is a good album . Instrumentally , it 's great album , and has some really neat stuff in it . The drummer is exellent , and does an exellent job with every track . However , this is definately not ska . So just put that out of your head . This is more like swing with lyrics ... I mean , it 's like jazz , but not exactly . It sounds to new , has no solos , etc. but definately has some great stuff in it . Next , To silence the rumor that the only good song on this cd is Zoot Suit Riot , I completely disagree . I actually believe that Zoot Suit Riot is among the worst on this cd . The best track , in my opinion , is Here Comes The Snake . The lyrics themselves are good , and I don ; t consider this swearing music . It wasn ; t nesecary for them to put them in in the first place , but the swearing is light , not that I care ... In conclusion , this is a good album , and I think it 's essential for a jazz collection .
 This album is a guilty pleasure . Im embarrassed to admit how much I like it . I know that , musically , its not very good , but somehow it works . The lead singer is mediocre at best . His voice is strong and blandly pleasant , and he can carry a tune , but its an utterly soulless voice , without any distinguishing traits . His limitations really show up on the albums one cover song . `` Come Back To Me '' was a pretty cheesy song to begin with , but this version is pure Velveeta imitation cheese . The musicians are competent , but Ive heard several high school jazz bands that could leave them in the dust . The definitely wont make you forget Count Basie , or even Louis Jordan . The lyrics of their songs are crude and punky.So why do I keep listening to this album ? Maybe because as much as I love Basie and Ellington , I also love The Kinks , The Stones , and The Ramones , and The Cherry Poppin Daddies are sort of mixed-up descendents of all of them . Combining those two musical roots shouldnt work . Punk and crude rock are supposed to be angry and deliberately shocking . Swing is supposed to be innocent and joyous . How can you squeeze anger and joy into the same song ? But of course , the main reason The Ramones are so great to listen to is that they always seemed to be having so much fun . Joy just poured out of those one-chord wonders . And swing was probably never all that innocent . My mother , who was a teenager in the forties , once told me that swing dancing was considered lewd at the time , and zoot suiters were dangerous the gangbangers of their era . So maybe there isnt really much of a contradiction between the albums in-your-face lyrics and danceable rhythm . There 's something weirdly infectious about The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies swing rhythms and punk souls.Im surprised this album was as popular as it was , because its not for everybody . But if your musical taste ranges across a lot of genres , and youre not easily offended , youll probably like it .
 This C.D is great to listen to anytime . It keeps you up and awake because it 's so jumpy . I love listening to it . I think it is definetly the best out of all the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies C.D 's . I ca n't stop popping this into the C.D player . The music is really good to dance to , -LRB- Swing dancing of course -RRB- It relates to Big Bad Voodoo Daddy because of the style . I will never get tired of this C.D. . The perfect party music ! The songs are terrific and the words just jump out at you ! Cherry Poppin ' Daddies are BOMB !!!!
 An uncategorizable band . Nasty , cynical , vicious punk lyrics wrapped in happy , toe-tappin ' swing arrangements reminiscent of the edgy swing of early 30 's artists such as Cab Calloway and the post-WWII , pre-rock 'n' roll swing sounds of the Louis-es Jordan and Prima.A more raw , less proficient swing sound than bands such as Big Bad Voodoo Daddy , but Steve Perry 's obviously-trained voice manages to range from helium-sounding near-falsetto -LRB- `` Mr. Bones '' -RRB- to lounge-lizard/Broadway smooth -LRB- `` Come Back To Me '' -RRB- . The jarring dissonance between the dark lyrics and minor key of the songs vs. the happy jump-swing arrangements makes this band more than just another swing band.An allegedly chameleonlike band , I hope they keep with this sound . It 's nasty , it makes you mad , and it makes you wan na boogie -- and it works .
 This is some of the best music I 've heard in a while , definately something new for the music out today . It made me get up and start dancing . I 'm not a regular swinger , but this got me started into it . Swinger or not , you will love this music if you like REAL music at all .
 I usually listen to Pop and Rock , but when I heard Zoot Suit Riot I knew that Swing was going to be big song . I am starting to look into some other forms of music now just because this CD showed me that there is more to music than just Pop and Rock . So get this CD and you 'll see what I mean = -RRB-
 A friend of mine played this in the car ... the next day I was humming one of the tunes , the day after that I bought it . I played it probably 3 times daily for the first two weeks , and here it is a couple months later and I 'm not even close to being tired of it yet . If you just read the lyrics , there are some really depressing and downright nasty themes here -LRB- sandwiched between humorous stuff -RRB- ... but the music is just so fantastic and so full of energy , it just picks you up and carries you along at about mach 2 .
 Cherry Poppin Daddies are fun , upbeat , and they deliver a great CD . The songs are n't too original , but they 're still enough to make me wan na get up and DANCE ! I do have to say that Big Bad Voodoo Daddy is better .
 when I firt heard the song soot suit roit I new the wher going to be big they are great I never knew swing was this good .
 This CD is the best there is othing wrong with it . Its basicly the best CD since the soundtrack to Swing Kids which is also a hottttt hit for me anyways ! This CD is truly amazing I bought it and right from the start I made my girlfriend get up and dance to it with me because I 'm a pro - dancer and swing is what I love to do because its so energenic you loose alot of weight listening to this one thats fro sure !!!! I HAVE YOU IN A TRANCE BUY THE CD AND AND AND ... . YOU 'LL SEE !!!
 I love this CD , Great songwriting , great musicianship , and a good sense of humor to boot.If you like swing music , buy this album now .
 I love this album ! It makes me want to throw on my zoot suit and swing all night ! It took me right back to the 30 's !
 Lot 's of fun ! I do n't agree with the criticisms of the lyrics - they are for adults . If you like this stuff , also check out Joe Jackson 's `` Jumpin ' Jive '' from almost 20 years ago -LRB- as well as the originals , of course -RRB- .
 I bought the CD a while ago and Ca n't stop listening to it . When I am unsure of what CD to put in I always refer back to this classic . The voice , horns and music are unique . I only wish I could dance swing that is the only way I would enjoy this CD more ! If you are unsire which CD to buy get this one !
 This is the best album I have ever heard . My enjoyment in this genre started after seeing The Cotton Club movie ! Ever since then I enjoy and grooove to this music ... . CPD please make more of these albums ... This is a must by CD especially the song My . White Keys and the infamous song Zoot Suit Riot . .
 This album is the best swing album ever . Every song is great . `` Come with me '' is a reminder of an old Sinatra song . `` Brown derby jump '' is a great dance number .
 I ca n't believe people are saying that this album is n't real swing , or jazz !! If it is n't that , then what the hell is it ?! Maybe I 'm wrong and maybe it does n't follow the exact criteria of the jazz style , but if it sounds good , who cares ?!! Elvis Presley 's music was a mix of about 3 or 4 styles , and he went on to become the most popular musician of his era ! 4 stars to The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies !! Great Job !
 This CD is just great - it rock
 with the great beat good lyrics and skilled players they are simply the best , the worst complaint ive heard is that you got to know a little about the 30 's to get the lyrics , mista-s
 The Cherry Poppin Daddies got that swing it takes to have that thing . One of the greatest albums I have listened to recently . So rich in detail and up-beat . Normally I only like music with heavy guitars , but the Daddies can put their energy even into old-fashioned swing instruments . Go for it if you like horns , ska and are too old for punk scene but yet too young for Count Basie .
 Overall a GREAT CD . All the songs are upbeat and written well . I listen to it all the time . I 'll have to pry it out of my CD player soon . I would definitely buy the CD . Although Zoot Suit Riot was overplayed on the radio , all the other songs are great and make up for it . I love Big Bad Voodoo Daddy , but this CD is tied with BBVD as my favorite swing CD .
 You have to give the Daddies their due ... from an intensely classical training at the U of O , they 've started something new - not old swing , not ska , not `` lindy background music '' . Yeah , daddies . Keep pumping it out , and see how much we can take .
 Zany , giddy , danceable . This one will make you smile . Who 's your daddy?Yes I Am ! Lyrics on the darker side of life , some may be offended . Some are always easily offended . This cd is REAL , make it real or forget about it . Also recommended any of the Brian Setzer -LRB- a contemporary of the Daddies -RRB- swing cds.Favorite cuts = Zoot Suit Riot , Here Comes the Snake , Brown Derby Jump.Mr.Whitekeys.Master and Slave.Drunk Daddy . . all of them , what the heck . there is even a remake of the rat pack classic , `` Come Back to Me '' . Enjoy , have fun .
 The album is astonishing , marrying that historic `` swing '' sound with modern lyrics and sensibilities . Unforgettable .
 whatever makes an album attractive , is what the audience is looking for in their selection . If you want smooth jazz , you wont find certain discs attractive or appealing . if you like vocals , then an instrumental disc is not attractive.If you like intensity with a driving rhythm , then you have come to the right place with this disc . This selection is not for those who like soft smooth melodies , or relaxing jazz ensembles.There will always be some songs you prefer over others , and that is to be expected ; but for everyone who 's preference is a hard driving beat , there is something here for every taste ; Let me point out a few of those i have come to be strongly bound to , and cant leave behind ; You choose your own favorites ; 1 -RRB- Ding Dong Daddy of the D Car Line ; One of my favorites , preferably with the volume as high as my surroundings will allow . The opening suggests just what you will expect from the rest of the song ; A perpetual intensity that keeps your lips wet for the next part of the song .2 -RRB- Dr Bones ; If I were a dee jay for a party , this one is right on top of my list ; The vocals drive as well as the rythm and horn sections . There is something about lyrics like these that will keep you shaking where ever you are .3 -RRB- Come Back to Me ; At first , I detested this number , untill I kept listening to it , and came to admire how well it replecates the sound and feel of a night club in the mid 1960 `` s.It was the authenticity that i came to respect and appreciate.After collecting music for the past 40 years , i know that I am not going to fall deeply in love with every song on every album . In each album , there are selections i embrace , and save the album for that reason . Give me more time , and I will find more to appreciate in the other numbers recorded on this disc . The music on this disc will grow on you the more you listen to it . You only live once , so grab onto , and enjoy all you can find before you get arthritis , and cant move your legs anymore .
 I love the music on this CD , but so does my parents , and my grandparents ! I listen to it all the time . It 's really got me to listen to a whole bunch of other swing music .
 This is a great piece of music . Although it is not 100 % swing . It is sort of a swing band with classic ska influence . If ya want more pure swing then go with BBVD or Royal Crown Revue . Or try Brian Setzer Orchestra , he is not 100 % swing either , Rockabilly is what he does best . Get a copy of Best of the Stray Cats to see Setzers roots . In any case ALL of these CDs are great and all are definatly worth buying ! SEE CHERRY POPPIN DADDIES LIVE !! They are damn good !
 This may the BEST album of the year I like listening to it and comes in handy at parties . A `` must buy '' for anyone who likes to swing . Zoot Suit Riot and all of the other songs have such an original sound . Ca n't say anything bad about them .
 The CPD are tops on this CD . For years I search for something that made my ears prick up and listen and it was this cd that made my ears do that now I ca n't stop playing it
 The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies hit a homerun in my book . The music makes you want to get up and dance . It 's a bout time we brought back the clasics . I love the music of the 20 's and 30 's and this gives it a new twist !
 I loved this CD . I 'm 40 years old ; not really an old fogie but old enough to not be swayed by what 's popular or cool . This CD consistently presented well performed music with well written lyrics . While I may not be the world 's foremost authority on swing and what it `` should '' be , this CD certainly delivered all I had hoped it would .
 First , let me start by saying that I like this CD . I ca n't give it 5 stars because I bought Brian Setzer 's `` Dirty Boogie '' at the same time , and `` Zoot Suit Riot '' , in my opinion , is n't as good an album , nor is it as good an example of swing . That 's not a bad thing , though , because I think that the eclectic nature of the material may give it a longer shelf life . I think this is an album that will grow on me as I listen to it more . I 'm going to need some time , though , because I 'm having to get over the pre-conceived notions I had of what I thought I was buying -LRB- swing -RRB- , based on hearing the title track , and getting comfortable with what I got , a much more unique combination of style and sounds .
 This is one of the best CD 's I 've purchased in a long time . It is a great sound that is so different than the same old stuff that you hear on the radio . It was a CD that I took a chance on and turned out to be a LOT more than I expected . Add this one to your collection . It 's a nice find - I am a new CPD fan .
 This album blows away any of the other -LRB- fairly -RRB- new bands out there . It 's great to finally hear something new that 's not some jerk screaming about his terrible life and whaling away on a heavily distorted guitar . A truly AMAZING album by an AMAZINGLY electrifying band .
 Sweet . Enough said . There is n't enough new blood in the swing revolution we are heading into . The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies and their `` Swingin ' Hits '' really do hit the spot . Do n't quite compare to the real kings . Benny , Basie , Ellington , or Miller , but these guys fill the spot for something new . A definite first choice for Swing fanatics .
 I purchased this CD after only hearing one song . It was the best purchase I have made in a long time . This CD has Great music , screaming horn parts and a great lead singer . A lot of fun to listen to .
 I love this album . Zoot Suit Riot is the best song . I love this style of music and ca n't get enough of it . Give me more .
 They 've got energy , they 've got drive and they 've got talent all over the place . Thanks to the Cherry Poppin ' Daddys we 've got a great new music . Swing with some punk equals tons of dancing hits . Give me more !!
 I 've been listening to swing music for a long time -LRB- first the classics and now even better - the new stuff ! -RRB- . When my friend introduced me to the song Zoot Suit riot , I got it stuck in my head and had to go see the group in concert . . and I did , based on that one song ! Since then , I 've actually bought the CD , listened to it about 50 gazillion times and STILL ca n't get enough of it ! These guys are awesome ! Swing is the cat 's !
 Unlike many of these reviewers , I have been listening to the Daddies for quite some time now . Zoot Suite Riot is a compilation of their previous three albums . I have to say that they put together an excellent `` best of the ... '' album with their choice of songs . Unfortunately , some of their best songs such as `` 229 '' can not be heard unless you can get them bootlegged ... Enjoy this album .
 I really like most of the tracks on this CD . I hope this inspires more artists to incorporate a swing type of feel to their music ! It is great to dance to ! What the youth of this nation need are lots of dance halls that play this music - kinda like the USO halls of the 40 's ...
 The songs on the album have a swinging tune that sounds like it could be played on the Dick Tracy soundtrack , this adds a sing-along value that has driven the Daddies fame & fortune .
 I had the great fortune of hearing the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies live about a month ago . If anyone had told me I 'd be listening to swing -LRB- and lovin ' it -RRB- on a daily basis , I would have told them they were nuts ! I dance in the house , my feet tap in the car , and I ca n't get the words out of my head !!!
 This song is really cool and should be acknowledged around the world . It is awesome .
 Admittedly , `` Another Dumb Blonde '' is n't half bad . It is catchy but it has a bonus
 I think this is great , I love Hoku songs . I am a Hoku fan . Her lyrics are great . I am really into music and get hooked on songs easily , but I got hooked on Hoku right away !
 Hoku is an awesome singer who has an awesome voice ! I highly suggest you at least listen to this song ! She has great dance moves and a great voice . The song is catchy and poppy , but hey , are n't a lot ? This is great !
 This CD is worth it . The songs in the movie `` Snow Day '' . It is awesome . I know I might sound crazy but this song is awesome .
 I have heard this song anout a bizzilion timnes and I absolutley LOVE it ! I am 11 years old and Another Dumb Blonde is the best song !
 Out of all these young female pop singers it 's good to find one that can actually sing -LRB- note
 I DO N'T HAVE THE SINGLE , BUT I DO LISTEN TO THE SONG A HUNDRED TIMES IN THE RADIO . THIS IS JUST ONE OF THOSE SONGS THAT YOU GET HOOKED ON AFTER LISTENING TO IT FOR A WHILE . YOU KNOW , THE TYPE OF SONGS THAT YOU KEEP SINGING OVER AND OVER AT THE TOP OF YOUR HEAD . THE SONG IS N'T AS GOOD AS `` BABY ONE MORE TIME '' OR `` GENIE IN A BOTTLE '' BUT I ASSURE YOU PEOPLE , ANYONE WHO LOVES GOOD , HEARTY POP MUSIC IS SURE TO LOVE THIS SONG.REALLY.I MEAN IT .
 If you like music , you 'll like this . Full of beat and jive , it will make you want to go and get it fast .
 Another Dumb Blonde is a great song , and I give it five stars , but if I were you , I would n't buy it . Just go to snowdaymovie.nick.com and you can hear it for free , or download the music video . You can just hear this until the album comes out , which should be very soon .
 If you 've heard the song and you like it , You are most likely interested in buying the Cd Single Right ? Well Since singles are cheap you will get your little money 's worth . Why -- Because this is the first single I ever bought that includes the Lyrics to it . It 's on the backside of the front Cd picture and I really appreciated that . The Cd contains 2 versions of Another Dumb Blonde -- The Radio version and a Karoke version . I would recommend buying this Item . Definitely .
 `` Another Dumb Blonde '' is a pretty decent song - to be sure it 's teen fluff but there is nothing wrong with that - many of the all time great songs could also be considered `` teen fluff '' - it does fit the standard formula for this material in many ways , but it is less saccarhine than much of Britney 's , Christina 's , and Mandy 's material . Hoku has a pleasant voice , the video is well done , and she is lovely to look at . And since she is Don Ho 's daughter , I wonder if there will be a teen version of `` Tiny Bubbles '' on her album .
 I loved Hoku 's song `` Another Dumb Blonde '' . I love songs like this that are upbeat and positive . Immeadiately after I saw Snow Day I wanted this C.D. . This is a great song for everyone to listen to !
 I think that this cd was the best and for all the smart blondes out there , WE RULE ! And for mr. symons blondes rules
 This is a great song . The words and sounds are excellent . She is becoming one of the new stars like Britney Spears and Mandy Moore
 When I got this , I was like , WOW.This single got me totally hooked when I listened to it.Trust me , Hoku is a great singer with a special talent that should be recognized for her famous talent.The sound is awesome , & the dance mix is amazing.Take it from me , if you 're looking for a new song , then Hoku : Another Dumb Blonde is the one to get !
 It 's alright . Nothing to go gaga over .
 This is just another simple , upbeat , catchy , dance pop song from another teen , blonde , female , pop star . Think again ! This song is awesome ! And Hoku is hot !
 This song is great . It is in Nickelodeons new movie , Snow Day , wich I just saw and it is great ! Hoku has a wonderful voice , and a great music video . Hoku is going to release a new CD in March with 4 more songs . I ca n't wait !
 HOKO SINGLE `` ANOTHER DUMB BLONDE '' IS GREAT . I CA N'T WAIT TO SEE SNOW DAY AND HOKO IS GREAT . THE VIDEO GOT A LITTLE AIRPLAY ON MTV 'S TRL . THE SONG IS GREAT AND I WAN NA KNOW WHEN HER ALBUM WILL BE OUT . AND SHE WILL BE ON MTV 'S SNOWED IN NEXT WEEKEND .
 This song has a catchy tune . The first time I saw the music video I wanted to get the CD but it was n't out yet . If you like pop music add this to your collection !
 I thought that Hoku as an artist was about average compared to the other teen acts that we have today -LRB- Britney , Christina , Jessica , etc. -RRB- but I really liked this song . It was catchy and upbeat and set the record straight for guys .
 I bought Hoku 's CD years ago . I did n't even know who she was but I was young and pretty much bought any CD . I am now almost 18 , and I still listen to her CD repeatedly . I know every word to every song . I noticed that someone reviewed her song '' Another Dumb Blonde '' with bad feedback . That person does not know music . Hoku 's music is about love and how a girl can overcome a guy . Then she has a song about someone being there for her always , through thick and thin . `` You Frist Believed '' Is my all-time favorite . Its a touching song and reminded me of someone I know . If I had one last wish before I died , it would be to meet Hoku and her father , Don Ho . She is incredibly beautiful , and very talented . I have done kareoke many times , and most of which I was singing her songs . I am , without a doubt , Hoku 's number 1 fan !!!! I love you Hoku !!!!! Amanda
 I 've been trying to catch the video of this song on TRL all week because I almost fell out of my chair the first time I saw it . Hoku is beautiful and has a great voice . I would surely recommend adding this song to your collection .
 This cd is so great . The song has a great beat and is totally cool . Once you listen to it you 'll agree too !
 I loved this song . Hoku really set Boys straight . And she is soo pretty
 My little sister -LRB- 9 years old -RRB- received this for her birthday a short while ago after seeing the movie Snow Day and loving it . Although it is not within my music category of choice , it 's a cute song and the beat is great for dancing . Also , Larisa -LRB- my sister -RRB- loves the karaoke part of it where she can practice and perform her singing `` skills . '' :-RRB- Overall , it 's a great choice for young children and the `` teeny boppers '' of the world . It 's cute . Even acceptable for twenty year olds like me , if you just want a song that is easy and somewhat fun to listen to .
 This song is pretty cool . It gives guys a message that they should n't take advantage of a girl 's love . However , in her MTV video , the strap falling off her shoulder was n't nessesary , it basically contradicted everything her song stated . For that , I think she threw herself back into the dumb blonde category , but the song 's cool . Hopefully she 'll find a way out of the rut of being a dumb blonde . Sweetie , skin is not the answer .
 I recently saw Hoku open for her father in Las Vegas . For those of you who do n't know Hoku 's father is famous Hawaiian singer Don Ho . She was awsome and I ca n't wait for her CD to come out . Another Dumb Blonde is just a small preview of all of her talent .
 Way to go Hoku ! Finally an artist who does n't give us blonds a bad name ! I love this song and ca n't wait to hear more from and artist with a personality that is not all show behind her voice .
 I got this single the day it was released , and it 's great . I ama really big fan of Hoku . I ca n't wait for her full-lengthalbum .
 I heard this song on TV and it was the best ! I am going to buy the CD and I continuosly listen to it when on my computer ! It is one of the coolest songs ever . I think anyone whos everyone will like it !
 I just bought this single the other day . . Jan. 18th ! First release day . I had heard it on MTV or VH1 a month ago and loved the video , so when I saw it in the store I had to get it . My only complaint is that it has just the one song on the CD . I wish it had clips of other songs or something else . The song talks about her former boyfriend never loving her . . was n't interested in her heart or mind . She goes on to say she 's not going to be `` Just another Dumb Blonde '' She 's got more substance than being a trophy hanging on his arm for all his friends to see . Anyway , it 's a pretty cool single ! Pop/dance like Britney Spears and Mandy Moore . Hope this helped you decide whether you want it or not !
 When I first saw the video for the movie Snow Day I was eagerly waiting for Another Dumb Blonde CD . I have listened to the song and I loved it so much before it was out on CD I came up with a genius plan . We have walkie talkies you see and on Nick.com I found out that you could play Hoku 's song so I took one and put that next to a boombox and put my microphone up to it and pressed record . Then I played the song throught the speakers in my computer with the walkie talkie . It is a little hard to hear but I finally captured the music of Hoku and I am eagerly waiting to buy it on CD
 This simple cassette with just two trakcs
 This is yet another catchy pop song to arrive on the market . But there is something different here . Each of the Teen Pop Queens has something to their name . Britney has the controversy . Mandy has the voice . Christina is the diva-in-training . Hoku is the sweetheart . Mixing a little electronica , pop and her sweet voice , she comes out with piece of pure pop . But this cup of sugar also has a positive girl-power message to put up with no one , and to let no one use you . Hoku has recently released a full-length CD . If the material on it is as strong as this , we can look forward to great things from this singer .
 Hoku is a hottie i love her song she makes the greatest songs . Im 12 yrs old and with a Birthday coming up will you come to my house and celebrate it with me e mail me at rizzomichael@hotmail.comThanks cutie
 I ca n't tell you who I am because you would already figure it out . Me , I. . I. . mean Hoku is a great artist . Mine , whoops I mean Hokus song is a great hit . I would give it an A + .
 I think this is an asome song . I do n't agree with anyone hoo thinks other wise . Buy it , it is the best !
 Let me tell you that I recently just but Rainbow and Hoku . I love Rainbow but Another Dumd Blonde is my favorite . Hoku 's hit single has really caught my intrest . I think it is a excellant single with great lyrics . The sound in the background also catches your attention . You should see the music video ! It 's fantastic . I love the ski-goggles she wears . It 's like her trademark . You can hear her music on Disney 's new movie Snow Day , coming to theaters soon !
 The name given to her at birth is Hawaiian for `` star , '' and it does n't lie . After all the hype about female pop singers when most of them are n't even that good -LRB- I 'm hinting towards Britney Spears mostly -RRB- can turn you off to Hoku . However , I am a rock/alternative fan and have been for years . My first impressions of music were pop and , although I cringe everytime I hear most pop music - truthfully I think it 's soulless and created purely for profit - I did enjoy `` Another Dumb Blonde '' very much . It relays a positive , Girl Power message to the little girls who hear it ; a message that went out with the short-lived and extremely hypocritical Spice Girls . All in all , anyone considering buying this single definately should . And I truly hope that Hoku comes out with a new CD , because if she does n't become a huge star in the music world ... Well , there 's something wrong with it .
 I THOUGHT THIS CD WAS FULL OF `` GIRL POWER . '' I REALLY LIKED IT AND THOUGHT IT WAS GREAT
 Hoku 's , `` Another Dumb Blonde '' is an inspiring , motivational , and optimistic hit single . It exemplifies both triumph and conquest for those younger generation girls suffering from a broken heart in their respective relationships . Which sends an excellent message to teens.Hoku vocals sets her apart from other pop teen sensations Jessica Simpson , Christina Aguilera , Mandy Moore , and Britney Spears . Her wonderful vocals has proved that she can endure a place in the pop world . `` Another Dumb Blonde '' is a cute , imaginitive , and uptempo single which expresses joy , happiness , and determination . It is evident that , Hawaiian native Hoku has made an impact on younger generation she has been featured on MTV 's Total Request Live and frequently on the Nickoledeon 's Kid network . `` Another Dumb Blonde '' receives a Kenny rating of B + .
 hi yall ! . i LOVE this song and video cuas Hoku is sooo pretty and she has a great voice . she is also a great dancer . she is a real great person and her song has a real posotive image and to all thoes other dumb blonds -LRB- ELIZABETH , dont hide ! -RRB- KEEP IT REAL !
 `` Another Dumb Blonde '' is a great song ! Hoku has done a great job . She 's a lot better than Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera . I think those two dress and look like hookers . They 're only 18 and 19 ! Why ca n't they dress in nice , pretty clothes ? Not body bearing stuff that basically shows almost everything ! Britney and Christina you need to grow up ! Anyways , back to Hoku . She 's got a great voice and she 's extremely mature of her age at just 18 . I 'm planning on buying the single soon but I ca n't find it anywhere . Anyways gtg . You rock Hoku !
 Hoku is coolest , hippest , most AWESOME singer out There , and she 's risinglike a star.Little joke , her name means star , and belive me the firsttime i heard this song i got up and cried out : `` I LOVE THAT SONG '' not fooling.The Beat , The sound , The Magic Of Hoku 's Another Dumb Blonde ! BUY THIS SINGLE , Your missing out on so much Fun !
 After hearing this song on MTV and SNOWDAY I knew I had to get the single for myself . I totally love it . Not only does have a good beat , but if you read the lyrics , you 'll find that it 's really relatable . That 's probably the biggest reason why I like it , girls can easily relate to it from bad breakups or scrubs they used to like . If this is you , you should buy the single and hear from someone who understands what your going through .
 Another Dumb Blond is a great song , and is worth that extra 3 bucks in the back of your wallet !
 THE CD IS SUPER , BUT THE DVD IS SUPER BETTER , DARLENE AND MARTINARE GREAT TOGETHER , MARTIN SMITH FROM DELIRIOUS HAS AN ANOINTINGWHEN IT COMES TO WRITING AND PERFORMING SONGS , RAIN DOWN ANDMAJESTY -LRB- HERE I AM -RRB- ARE GREAT , DARLENE DOES I COULD SING FORYOUR LOVE LIKE AN ANGEL WOULD , GREAT CD AND DVD 500 THUMBS UP
 I love worship music , These people from all over the world come together to worship our great God . They come together and became as one . God bless all .
 I bought this CD and cant stop listening to it ! I enjoy the live and people interacting -LRB- singing -RRB- along . Next best thing to enjoying a wonderful concert in person . If you enjoy either of these artists I HIGHLY recommend you get this CD !! You will enjoy .
 There 's no doubt about it , the recordings that Helen Merrill made with Clifford Brown are among the best vocal sessions in the history of recorded jazz . And they 're all on the original `` Helen Merrill '' album . This release bills itself as the `` complete recordings '' , implying that there is additional Merrill/Brown material that you do n't already have if you have the `` Helen Merrill '' disc , but none of the additional tracks on this CD features Clifford Brown . The additional tracks are actually the entire `` Helen Merrill with Strings '' album . You might be able to figure this out from the description , but I doubt it . I think this packaging is calculated to deceive .
 I ordered HELEN MERRILL With CLIFFORD BROWN
 Early in my jazz career , about two years ago , I boughtHelen Merrill with Clifford Brown . My review went something like this : `` The Penguin Guide to Jazz Recordings
 I stumbled across this gem while researching a series of pieces in Music For Drummers that focused on Clifford Brown . I was literally knocked out when I found and listened to the tracks.My favorite tracks from the perspective of showcasing Clifford 's playing are You 'd Be So Nice To Come Home To , Do n't Explain , and Falling in Love With Love . However , stepping back and listening to the album for the sake of amazing music , including Helen 's vocals , I fell in love with Born To Be Blue.The album itself was recorded in late December , 1954 and released in 1955 . Other background info is it was arranged by Quincy Jones with Helen Merrill on vocals , Clifford Brown on trumpet , Milt Hinton on bass , Danny Bano on flute , bass clarinet and baritone sax , Osie Johnson on drums , Barry Galbraith on guitar , and Hank and Jimmy Jones on piano.Now that I 've discovered her by happy accident I am going to track down more of her work . If this album is an indication of what I 'll find , I am in for a treat .
 Excellent jazz collaboration of Helen Merrill and Clifford Brown , both geniuses in their own rights . I love it!Highly recommended for any jazz fan .
 Excellent music that carries a fantasic sense of Place . To my knowledge , Kyle Thompson is the only musician ever to record Civil War-era music ON LOCATION at different battlefields . Thompson is a talented musician and the fact that he had been diagnosed with Lou Gherig 's disease by the time of the recording -LRB- something I found out after hearing the CD -RRB- just made it that much more poignant . The music on the CD is a balanced mix of lighter and darker music . The joy and humor come through in the upbeat songs while the tragedy and sadness of the War comes through the solemn pieces in a way that more glib , nauseously cheery musicians would never be able to communicate .
 This CD is haunting and moving -- and well worth the purchase . Kyle Thompson has a genuine love for Civil War battlefields , American History and battlefield preservation . His passion for history and his empathy with the men who fought there shines through the music . A must-have for Civil War and history buffs .
 I am a big fan of SCC and i thought that his new album really showed how much he has grown after his three year departure from the studio . He is one of the best song writers in the Christian music industry . It 's a great album in it 's entirety but i does n't give us that one song that will stay with us over the years like the great adventure or lord of the dance , but it 's a good CD to turn up the radio on .
 Steven Curtis Chapman ... . the man of the 90 's !!! He is a great singer and songwriter ! Believe me , you will not be wasting your money when you by this cd ! I hihgly recommend this album and all of his others !!! One of my friends who was not a Christian , listened to this and loved it !! She wanted to come to church . Well , she did and got saved . It is amazing !!! It 's a very spirital cd . I hope everyone that listens to it will come to know the Lord as their Savior !!! Thanks Steven Curtis Chapman !!
 This recording , apart from the Greatest Hits album , really uplifts my soul . The lyrics , melody , and the Spirit of the songs tremendously inspires me . Chapman proves to all once more that he is not only a consummate performer - he is God 's instrument to bring us awesome music for the soul .
 There 's juz no way to explain how Steven Curtis Chapman does music ... some of his songs are absolutely lively and some are absolutely slow!His versatility both in music and in lyrics ... makes Speechless such a great album to buy!There are songs written for his wife and his daughter as well ... Fingerprints of God really touched me cuz it explains how special each and everyone of us are ... Be Still also taught me how to be still and know that God will be in control ... great soulful album !!
 I have always loved Steven Curtis Chapman 's music , but this album really tops them all to me . There is especially one song on the album that brings me much comfort , `` With Hope '' . This song touches my heart each time I listen to it . After the loss of my little girl , this song brings me so much comfort . Thank you so much to Steven for bringing me such comforting music . This album will surely leave you speechless !!
 Speechless is by far my absolute favorite of the SCC albumns I have heard . The first time I listened to the CD I found my toe-tapping to songs like `` Dive '' - A song about diving right into the river of life . `` The Change '' - A song that says we should not only appear to be a Christian , but also live the life of a Christian . `` Next Five Minutes '' - Which talks about the preciouness of every minute , and how we should live the next five minutes as if they were our last . and `` Whatever . '' - Which reminds us that it 's not what we think we can do to best serve God , but what He thinks.I also found myself weeping to songs such as `` The Journey '' - a BEAUTIFUL instrumental . and `` With Hope . '' - A piece that reminds me that I always have hope in Jesus Christ.Though all the other CDs I own of his are phenominal , this one simply shines brighter than the rest . I heartily recommend this wonderful album to any SCC fan . Even if you are n't a fan , you will be after hearing this albumn
 Being a Christian , the Christian music genre ironically has n't greatly appealed to me . I loved this album , though . Demonstrating possibly the finest songwriting talent in Christian music , `` Speechless '' appeals to just about any taste or preference . Every song literally has hit potential , and a few of the tracks quite possibly could 've found chart success outside of the Christian music scene . I greatly admire Steven Curtis Chapman 's superb songwriting , vocal , and instrumental ability . He offers an incredible variety while infusing a positive message throughout each song on this album . I greatly recommend this album for anyone new to Christian music or for anyone just wanting to hear incredibly crafted and produced music .
 I only have a few words to say about this album . Literally it is the best album I have ever bought . This music is for today and for everybody . It is for quite moments with my kids and it is for bopping along in my car .
 I really love this album . Speechless has something for all of my moods ! The songs `` Dive '' , `` The Next Five Minutes '' and `` Whatever '' are energizing . Tracks like `` Fingerprints of God '' and `` Great Expectations '' are more reflective and introspective . My favorite song of the CD is the very meditative `` Be Still and Know '' . The perfect song for preparation for evening or morning devotion . A little piece of peace in your hectic day .
 This CD was exactly as advertised , good condition and came in a timely fashion . I bought it for a particular song but have enjoyed the whole CD .
 I loved this CD . Track 1 , 2 , 8 , and 9 are my favorites -LRB- not that the others are n't good , these are just the best -RRB- . Great music . '' ... they will dance with joy like we 're dancing now ! ''
 I do n't know if I like this album so much because I had the opportunity to see a Speechless concert , but like most of his albums , it 's different and more sophisticated from the last . These are songs you can dance to and sing along with , but most importantly , Steven keeps us focused on the hope and joy we can have in knowing Jesus , despite life 's obstacles . I think this album would satisfy just about any musical taste -LRB- with the exception of hardcore rock/ska/rap fans -RRB- . Buy it - and see his concert if you can . You wo n't be disapointed .
 Steven Curtis Chapman is the ultimate , a great singer and songwriter and humble , down to earth . `` The Change '' is a song that talks about how loving Jesus means you change and become more loving , not just stick a fish on your car . `` Speechless '' ends up making me cry ... a really praise song for God . The whole cd is catcy , rocks out and wonderful ... a real joy .
 Chapman has returned from his brief trip into specifically personal experiences , shared with us in `` Signs of Life '' , back to the world of experiences that all christians can relate to . Speechless , I believe , is his best ever . He seems to continue keeping focused on the saving force that Jesus Christ is . The title cut is a great work that speaks of the awe inspiring realization that the creator of the entire universe still cares deeply about each individual . `` Be Still and Know '' will make its way into many church services . `` Fingerprints of God '' will make it to many baptisms . `` I Do Believe '' absolutely rocks . And it 's founded on the rock that does not roll . SCC , I believe , is annointed by God with the promise that if he remains faithful , a faithful God will continue to bless his work . God certainly has blessed this work . Get the CD , pull out the words , and read as you listen . You will be left speechless ... . at a God who believes in an awesome grace .
 This CD was given to me by my youth group leader . I was going through a rough time , so she thought it would cheer me up . I started getting really stressed out and depressed . I began listening to the words of the songs and they gave me hope , so much that I was kept from nearly doing something that I would regret . I owe a lot to Steven Curtis Chapman . It was his music that the Holy Spirit spoke through to help save my life . The words are all very powerful and I would recommend this CD to anyone .
 The biggest thing that strikes me about SCC is the honesty that he puts in his music - you can tell that lyrically , he writes from the very depths of his heart and soul - and he has been given the music to sing it . This album will definitely grow on you the more you listen to it .
 I have been a fan of Steven Curtis Chapman since his For the Sake of the Call recording . His work has never failed to show us various aspects of what True Worship really is.Whenever I burn a compilation CD to encourage , comfort or uplift someone , there are always at LEAST 2-3 SCC songs simply because his music touches on every aspect of our walk with Christ.Thanks Steven for saying so well What I Really Want to Say .
 If I remember correctly , this was probably my first introduction to Steven Curtis Chapman . I was astonished , God has done such a good work in him . I really did enjoy it , with great songs all the way through it you will not be disappointed listening to it . : -RRB- My thoughts on each song : Dive - This song is awesome , it tells how we should n't be frightened about giving and doing our all for God . That we should daily `` dive '' in.Speechless - ` Speechless ' is the title song of this cd and is about how we are `` speechless , astonished , and amazed '' by all that our Saviour has done for us.Change - About how we should change and not remain the same after we turn our lives over to Jesus.Great Expectations - How God always exceeds our greatest expectations . Yet , how we should always come expecting to `` believe the unbelievable , recieve the inconceivable , and see beyond our wildest imaginations . `` Next 5 Minutes - How we should live our lives as if each moment might be our last , how we should always serve God in everything we do.Fingerprints of God - Chapman wrote this song for his daughter , it is how each of us are perfectly created by God and covered by His fingerprints.Invitation - Tells how all of us have an invitation to come to God even though we feel ultimately unworthy.Whatever - We should strive to do `` whatever '' God wants us to do.I Do Believe - All of us should believe in Jesus Christ and what He did for us.What I Really Want to Say-How sometimes we are n't really sure how to express what we feel to God , yet He loves to hear us call out to Him.With Hope - I cried through this song , it was written for a family who lost a child and it is about how as Christians we know that our goodbye is n't the end , that we will see those who are gone again.Journey - A really great worship song . : -RRB- Be Still and Know - Encouraging us to `` Be still and know that He is God . `` I apologise for my rambling but I hope that you purchase this cd and enjoy it as much as I have . : -RRB-
 I own most of Steven Curtis Chapman CDs and when this one came out I automatically bought it . I did not think that SCC could improve on his earlier works and was left speechless after listening to it . . What I find most amazing about SCC is that he appeals to the younger generation as well as the older and literally bridged the generation gap . I recently loaned several of my CDs to a young Christian girl and this one was amongst some very upbeat and loud , typical young people 's music CDs . I was surprised when she came back and told me that she had enjoyed this album more then any of the others and she had gone out and bought herself one . She just loved the song `` Dive '' . In April , we got the news that my daughter , who lived in the States , had gone to be with the Lord . It was in the afternoon that we received the phonecall and we were all too shocked to really come to grips with the tragedy . During that night I put on this album and , when I got to the song `` With Hope '' I hit the repeat button on my player and just listened to it and cried for hours and hours . Just knowing that I will see her face again was such a comfort to me.The opening track `` Speechless '' is so descriptive of how we are when we consider God 's love and mercy which is so undeserved that there are no words for it . `` Let Us Pray '' is also a wonderful reminder of what our prayer life should be like ... unending !! `` What About The Change '' ... . so many people who profess to belong to Christ do not have this evident in their lives and this song is so straight to the point of what we should be doing !! I also found the song `` The Fingerptints of God '' so inspiring for young teenagers who are struggling with their images and do not realize that they are miracles in the making and that ` God is not Through yet He is only getting started ' and that all creation silently applauds as God continues to fashion and form them.His song `` The Invitation '' is a great song for a non-Christian to listen to as he describes so accurately how unworthy we are of God 's love and that we stand in ` our rags of unworthness ' while God gives the invitation to ` come in ' all because of what His Son did for us on the cross.I could write for hours about this great CD but will end by encouraging everyone who does not have it to please buy it . . you will never regret doing so .
 There are only a few sure things in this world , such as `` what goes up must come down , '' Old Faithful in Yellowstone National Park , and Steven Curtis Chapman 's music.SCC has put out a new album every two to three years since he first came on the scene in the mid 1980s , with each album being better than the one before it . And `` Speechless '' is no exception.Despite what the title might suggest , SCC had a great deal to say in the songs in this album . Previous albums found SCC singing about his love for God and his faith in Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior . This time around , he sings about what God has done in us -LRB- Fingerprints of God -RRB- , what He wants to do in us -LRB- Whatever -RRB- , and what we need to do to receive all that God has for us -LRB- The Invitation -RRB- . Although at the time of this review it has been almost 4 years since this album was released , there are still 4 songs from it still receiving heavy airplay on Christian radio stations
 I just ca n't find the words to say how much I love this new album already . When I listen at the music and read the lyrics I just can feel how the songs bring me to Jesus . I ca n't explain and I ca n't describe , you must find out it yourself . Then you will find your self speechless . Not because of the music your hearing but because it brings you to God .
 I just ca n't find the words to say how much I love this new album already . When I listen at the music and read the lyrics I just can feel how the songs bring me to Jesus . I ca n't explain and I ca n't describe , you must find out it yourself . Then you will find your self speechless . Not because of the music your hearing but because it brings you to God .
 Mr. Chapman has done it again . Only this time , he 's upped the quality several notches . This album is glorious at times , exhilerating at times , breathtaking at times , and just plain rocking at times . Once you 've finished listening to the opening track , you 'll be ready to `` Dive '' into the rest of the album . `` Speechless '' is classic Chapman with gorgeous symphonic elements . `` Great Expectations '' is nothing short of wonderful . Just let the music waft and swirl and wrap itself around you . `` Fingerprints of God '' is one I wanted to immediately play again before getting the rest of the album a chance . `` Whatever '' and `` I Do Believe '' are rockin ' . Love the guitar stuff at the end of `` Whatever '' not to mention the those awesome guitars on `` I Do Believe . '' Love the exhilerating , soaring motion that `` What I Really Want To Say '' takes on at the end . `` With Hope '' is beautiful and reflective . And the closer , `` Be Still and Know , '' is a gorgeous , understated , beautiful , elegant , heartfelt , and passionate ballad that deserves to become a mega-classic . In short , the album is incredible and may leave you `` Speechless . ''
 This is one of Steven 's best ever albums . I have listened to all of his albums and though I 've enjoyed them all , this one is my favorite . `` Dive '' is an awesome song , with a great message and a rocking beat . This song rocks ! Also , `` Whatever '' , `` The Change '' , `` Speechless '' , and `` I Do Believe '' are great songs to rock to , but also filled with convicting lyrics that will reach to your heart . Songs like `` With Hope '' , `` Fingerprints of God '' , `` What I really want to Say '' , `` The Invitation '' , `` Great Expectations '' , and `` Be Still and Know '' are great inspirational songs that will keep you uplifted and encouraged . If you buy one album this year , make it this one . One listen to this cd will leave you SPEECHLEESS .
 SCC has made the greatest CD of all time . The music is just so encouraging to me as a Christian person . It has reminded me of the greatest love known to man , Jesus Christ .
 This album is definitely a good investment . I 've been a fan of Steven 's now for a few years but this is undoubtedly his best one yet . It 's really encouraging for anyone whether you 're a christian or not , so what can I say except buy it !
 I ca n't believe Steven keeps topping his previous work . He just keeps getting better and better ! What a gift God has given this man to play , to write and most of all to touch our hearts through his music . He can take you from dancing in the den to reaching for a tissue . My family just met him at a local discount store . He is just as nice as he is talented ! Do n't waste time . Buy the Speechless CD .
 It continues to amaze me how Steven can keep producing chart topping after chart topping songs and albums . If you only buy one album this year , MAKE IT THIS ONE . It 's great for all musical tastes , from the energetic DIVE to the Orchestrial Speechless , to the classical ballad `` Be Still and Know . '' God has given Steven wonderful talents , and he continues to use them for God 's glory . Think about Heaven In The Real World , and multiply the quality of it by a million . This CD is AWESOME !
 SCC has done it !! He has improved on what I thought could not be improved . This album goes back to the upbeat fast paced album that SCC got away from since Great Adventure . Not only is the music great but lyricaly it may be his best . This album has strong scriptural undertone that drives home a great message . By challenging today 's Christians to make a difference in today 's world in songs like Change , SCC is determined not to just play good music but to make a difference . This is his best yet .
 How does he keep doing it ? This recording is great . Do n't miss this one
 This is by far THE BEST Christian CD I 've ever listened to ... the lyrics along with the beat are unsurpassed !
 `` I do , I do , I do believe '' that you will love this CD . I am new to Steven Curtis Chapman and more contemporary christian music , and I think I love almost every song on this CD . The more I listen to it the more I like it . Especially songs like `` Whatever '' and `` Dive '' that have such lyrics that you know he understands the Christian walk and that he 's been there . It 's also fun to come into God 's presence with upbeat contemporary music . Listen to a couple of the sample tracks and if you like what you hear do yourself a favor and buy it .
 What an excellent CD . I 've had it for quite a while now and I still really enjoy listening to it .
 This album is incredible -- the music is diverse and the lyrics are moving ... SCC is a very talented artist whose songs on Speechless are truly works of art . They are entertaining and they are brave . They are songs that inspire me and remind me of God 's strength and power and love . And they are touching ... Chapman dares to touch our hearts with topics that are not always easy , but always important.Thank you , Steven Curtis Chapman , for this marvelous work .
 I bought this album because I liked one of the songs from the WoW 99 disc . I thought I might like one other song . I was wrong ! I like ALL of the songs . SCC is unbelieveable ! You owe it to yourself to buy this CD !!!
 Simply put , this is a great Christian album . Steven Curtis Chapman has put together one of his best effots , an album full of truly uplifting songs . There is not a bad song on this album . I particularly like `` Fingerprints of God '' , `` Dive '' , `` Speechless '' , and `` Be Still and Know '' . I like the fact that Steven uses a wide range of styles on the album . It helps keep the material fresh everytime you listen to the album . I recommend this album to any Steven Curtis Chapman fan , or to anyone looking for a Christian artist that is making great music these days . If you only buy a few Christian albums this year , make sure this is one of them .
 Well , he 's done it again . This album is one of his best so far ! I love the way his lyrics sound like poetry . My favorite song was `` Next Five Minutes '' because it talks about getting things done and living life to the fullest .
 SCC is , in my opinion , the best there is . `` Speechless '' is a masterpiece . The message in all of these songs are simple , straightforward , and touching to the heart . The song , `` Speechless '' , has to be one of my favorites , truly expressing glory , praise , and awe for what God has done . It 's a must-have !!
 I LOVED this CD I think it was one of his best . All the songs to the end are awesome . I especially like `` Finger Prints of God . '' I definately recommened that you buy this CD . IF you liked his other CDs you 'll love this one .
 Steven 's new album , Speechless , continues to amaze and inspire . Making great music never gets old , and it can be safely proclaimed that Steven is continuing to make some great music . From the rising anthemic chorus of the title track to the rocked-out riffs of `` The Change , '' Steven is the consummate veteran artist who never is satisfied with the status quo but instead willingly explores new musical avenues and does so with greatness and gusto . His ninth studio release and first in nearly three years meets and at times exceeds the hype and anticipation that ushered this album into bookstores June 15th . But let 's take a closer look at it ... The album begins with the electronic bleeps that resonate throughout the duration of `` Dive , '' the song Steven performed at this year 's Dove Awards and one that has already caused quite a stir . Continuing with the tradition of making the first cut one of the best , Steven really outdoes himself on this one , shifting into high musical gear to create a truly energetic single . The accompanying music video makes good use of the `` diving '' imagery and is his best to date , replete with Steven in the water splashing around and a host of lights and images edited to maximum effect . The album takes a turn from the more poetic and powerful with `` Speechless , '' the first single released to radio that enjoyed a long stay atop the Adult Contemporary chart . Embodying the essence of the album 's theme of astonishment and amazement at God 's grace and love , the song is one of Chapman 's best power pop efforts to date , right behind `` The Great Adventure '' and ahead of , in my opinion , `` Heaven in the Real World '' and `` For the Sake of the Call '' albeit only slightly . Steven talks about a reminder of what being ` speechless ' is all about
 Speechless is 1999 's Best Record , and I think we 'll see Steven take home the Best Male Vocalist and Artist of the Year dove awards this year . The startup song , Dive , is awesome and then transitions right into the title song , Speechless , which is masterfully done . You can really tell that he 's recording this with the band , as it 's so seamless . Get this CD , you 'll be ... well , you 'll be Speechless !
 Rarely does one come across so many good songs in one album . The majority of songs on most albums are `` throw-aways '' . This album has the perfect blend of groove-contemporary rock and reflective-heartfelt songs . This is an album that I 'll be playing for years .
 This arrangement combines a variety of unique instruments and harmonies that produce fresh and truly brilliant music . The lyrics are very eloquent and relay his profound message very well .
 Speechless is a Great CD and the song that most spoke to me was `` The Invitation '' . This Is such a Touching song.It is one of those songs that speaks to the heart!Another one off the album that is touching is `` What I really Want to Say '' This describes the whole Album SPEECHLESS !
 I could n't imagine a better blend of upbeat music and astounding vocals . SCC has brought CCM to new record heights with this album . ` Dive ' is a pusle racing song that inspires everyone to `` take the leap of faith '' whereas ` Speechless ' reminds us of God 's everlasting love for us and how there is no love like his . Wow !
 AWESOME , AMAZING , BRILLIANT ... I could continue the alphabet , but I wo n't . I 'm sure you get the picture . This is by far the best album I have ever bought . I ca n't get enough of it . I listen to it every day I run . His best album yet . And anyone who listens to Steven Curtis Chapman knows how difficult it is to top his earlier recordings . It 's definitely a MUST HAVE . Get it now ...
 Steven Curtis Chapman is amazing . Every single cut on this album is incredible . His songwriting is excellent from `` Dive '' to the title cut `` Speechless '' to `` The Change '' and so on and so on . Just when you thought he could n't get any better , Steven Curtis Chapman has done it again . This CD is a must have !
 I got this CD with my doubts about it but it looked good i put the cd in right away and it is possably the best cd ever .
 After attending Camp Greystone for 5 weeks this summer , I became very familiar with DIVE ! This song got everyone on their feet praising God ! It is truly a profound experience to have 500 girls singing -LRB- shouting -RRB- `` I 'm divin ' in/I 'm goin ' deep/In over my head I wan na be ... '' . The awesome electric guitar line along with the powerful words combines for great music ! FOLLOW HIM !
 I went to camp this summer when they were playing this CD i went and bought it and it took my breath away . Or i could say i made me `` Speechless '' I really recomend this CD to anyone Christian or not because God can teach People through anything . This CD is a real encourager and spiritual lift for me . God has blessed us with the talent of SCC and he is blessed with God 's mighty Power to teach others about him ... I will have to say he is a great role model .
 I just got the CD today , and let me say , I love it . I listened to the CD twice and it was just awesome . I could n't believe how his strong lyrics blended so well with his amazing melodies to provide music that appealed to me , and will hopefully appeal to everyone , young or old . So , I give this CD a resounding THUMBS UP !!
 I am a newly converted SCC fan , and completely enjoyed this album -- I listen to Diving In as I drive to work , and Speechless as I drive home ... there is something here for everyone .
 Great CD ! I do n't buy that many Christian records , but this one is awesome . Uplifting in message and music . Every song is worth a listen and some are worth repeating over and over . `` Dive '' is probably one of my favorite songs period -LRB- of any music -RRB- . Buy this if you like rock , pop or new country ... you 'll be blessed .
 This is far one of the best albums made by one of the MOst top Christian songwriter there is in his prime career ! No wonder he has won so many Dove & Grammy awards ! I love this CD ! get because it will touch your heart as well as get closer with the Lord !
 If you get this CD and you are n't touched by every song , especially the title cut , then I will buy it for you ! -LRB- just kidding -RRB- I mean it though , this CD is the best of SCC and one of my favorite CD 's of all time . It 's unreal ... BUY IT NOW . :-RRB- For an mp3 sample message me at Yahoo! - mjmrad or ICQ - 6372098
 This album is the best Christian CD I have ever heard ! I simply love `` The Change '' and `` Be Still and Know '' -- and `` With Hope '' , too ! There is not a bad song on this album ! Wow !
 The `` Speechless '' album is probably the best art that Steven Curtis Chapman has produced thus far . It is an insipiring CD that is for everyone . I am a youth leader at my church and every single youth -LRB- about 10 of them -RRB- has a favorite on this album , ranging from `` Dive '' to `` Great Expectations . '' A must for any music lover !
 This song is one that I dedicated to all my nieces and nephews . Fingerprints of God is by all means the best way to describe a child , they are the true fingerprints of God
 Steven Curtis Chapman has tapped into the generational gap with this , his latest album , Speechless . I was left in awe at the inspiring and magnificent poetry that flowed within the words . This is a CD that merges breath taking ballads , car dancing guitar jams , and a twist of calming classical music . The world needed to remember that music is not only an art with instruments of sound , but also with utensils of knowledge , dreams wrapped in beautiful phrases that reach down and grab your soul back to life . The love songs on this CD were not just about God , but TO Him . Hats off Steven ! You have renewed my hopes that christian music can and will be taken to new levels . Music is after all , the poetry of ones ' soul .
 When I did this review there was 112 reviews already listed and most of the 5 stars ! I think this will be the most worn out CD I have , You will want to listen to it over and over and over . It has an excellent mix of uplifting , head banging , praise and softness . Thank you Lord for singers willing to devote their lifes to providing wonderful music to praise your Name .
 THE STYLE OF YOUR MUSIC WAS EXCELLENT
 It reminded me of some stuff that I used to listen to like Chumbawumb
 This is the second album of Steven Curtis Chapman that I have . For me , this album has been very meaningful because you can feel God 's presence in every song . Personally , I recommend this CD for every person that is looking for a intimate and personal relationship with Jesus .
 This album is one of the best Steven has done in awhile . I recently lost a very special uncle and `` With Hope '' has drawn me closer to the Lord , even more ! I highly recommend it ! : -RRB-
 So much of what we feel and should be feeling as Christians is expressed in SCC ' c music ! The lyrics are absolutely beautiful and the music really does n't get much better than this . Highly recommended .
 SCC has put togeather once again a collection of music that touches the core of christian experience . He never backs away from the hard realities of this life or sugar coat the christian life but sings from a heart that truly wants to serve . From the upbeat like `` Dive '' to the moving `` With Hope '' he has crafted another must have collection that will no doubt minister to many a heart along the way !
 This is Stevens best CD he has came out with.Favorites are Dive , The Change , I Do Believe , Speechless , and Whatever.This is better than Signs Of Life
 It usually takes two or three playings for me to really appreciate a CD for what its worth . Not this one . From the fisrt sound I knew I was going to like this album.The sound is fresh and new for Steven Curtis Chapman . I really love the heavy guitars and the sort of rock feel to it . My favourites are Dive , The Change , Whatever , I do Believe and Be Still.As usual the songwriting is superb and the message is very clear . There are no abstracts here . The production also is brilliant.This is one of the best christian recordings of all time .
 This CD is great ! It has mostly upbeat songs with only a couple of slower ones . I recommend this CD to everyone !
 This is just one of the best CDs ever !!! If you do n't have it , you have to get it .
 This album really made me think about the works of God . I am diving into God 's love . Oh , and Steven Curtis Chapman is very cute for his age !
 Steven Curtis Chapman has some great energy on this CD ... My favorites are `` Dive '' and `` Whatever . '' Totally upbeat music with clear lyrics I can get into and relate to . You ca n't help but tap your foot when you hear this music ! Great stuff !
 One would think after 10 years of bestsellers that it would be hard for an artist to sound fresh , but SCC accomplishes that on this CD . It 's a totally different , more `` open '' sound because it 's recorded with the touring band rather than the studio band ... it 's a GREAT sound . There are a number of worshipful songs here , lyrics you can really cling to , especially in Speechless and Great Expectations . A must-own , and one I 'll probably give as a gift .
 I have been a fan of Chapmans since 1993 . He has a gift of writing soul searching lyrics . It is no surprise to me that he has won at least one award each year since his first recording , First Hand . Though old fans will be surprised at his musical styles on this album , it is sure to be a hit and is a must for any music collection !
 I love this album , my favorite song is `` with hope '' , he sang it at the funeral for the people that were gunned down in the church this summer . When he sang it I was in tears . This is an inspirational album , a must to have !!
 These days there are many asking the question , `` How does Steven Curtis Chapman continue churning out songs that speak to so many so spiritually ? '' The answer is really a simple one . Steven models relationship with Jesus Christ . Yes he knows music . Yes he knows how to pen poetic lyrics . Yes he still know how to match the right music to the right message . But these are extras . Steven sings from the heart . He sings from his own relationship with the God of this universe . That 's how it 's done !
 In these days when musical artists are content to sit back and coast through song after song , it 's refreshing to see a writer/performer who is willing and able to `` shake things up '' a bit . Mr. Chapman never fails to impress and amaze with his talent and his obvious devotion to the Lord . As you listen to each and every song , you can not help but be touched by each one in a different way . While songs like `` Dive '' challenge you to commit yourself totally to Christ , a song such as `` Fingerprints of God '' causes you to pause and reflect on yourself and those around you . God has blessed Mr. Chapman with a gift that we should all be thankful for .
 This is my first Steven Curtis Chapman CD but it wo n't be my last . He 's got great variety on this album but still all of his songs are fun to listen to . This CD is right up there with the best .
 The Cd `` Spechless '' is a great Cd because of the message and because of the music . Steven speaks to many people through his music and has a great number of fans . His Cd can teach many people about the gospel and not make it seem to `` preachy '' . It is a great Cd and everybody should buy it .
 Signs of Life introduced me to Steven Curtis Chapman , and still remains my favorite . It is not surpassed by his newest album in my own opinion , but that does not mean his latest is n't a good buy - I do n't regret it . Dive is an extremely catchy song that immediately made me want to listent to the rest of the album . And Be Still is a beautiful tune to end the album . The strings are very noticeable on the CD , giving it a somewhat different feel from previous CDs , and as fun as it is to listen to , I do n't expect the addicting quality Signs of Life had on me . But it is fun , and it is uplifting - certainly a success . Who knows ? Maybe it will grow on me just like his previous album did .
 Steven Curtis Chapman is on a roll with `` Speechless . '' It just as great as his other albums . The songs `` Dive , '' and `` Fingerprints of God '' are the best songs on this album . Overall the album earns 5 stars . I would highly recommend it . SC2 is one of the best Christian Contemporary of the 90s . Listen to all his albums and you wo n't be disappointed . He 's also great in concert .
 This is the BEST CD from SCC yet !!! I am listening to the CD even as I write . The lyrics and the message in his songs are so inspiring and uplifting . The music has a way of changing lives !! I hope that everyone who loves Contempory Christian music gets this CD , it is simply incredible !!!!!
 The title of the love song for his wife , `` What I Really Want to Say '' captures the essence of this album . Steven is Speechless , yet he has much to say . `` Dive '' speaks of taking a leap of faith , and the rocking `` I Do Believe '' makes it clear this is n't a blind leap , but a leap into truth . I thought his last album was great , but could never say I liked one more than `` Great Adventure '' ... till now . This is his best ! Buy it now !
 The only word that I can think of to accurately sum up all of my thoughts is `` WOW . '' I was totally blown away the first time I heard this album , and almost went into a `` trance , '' just kinda absorbing all of it . It has already become one of my favorites and I imagine I 'll have to buy multiple copies as I wear the CDs out one by one ... :--RRB- If you are n't `` in to '' Christian music , this is THE album to `` get you started . '' Way to go , Steven ! This album is just totally AWESOME ... that 's all I can say ...
 Steven keeps getting better . I 'm listening to Dive right as I type , he has totally outdone himself . Anyone reading this , it would be a crime not to get this CD !!!
 Steven Curtis Chapman has done IT again . This is the best CD he ever has recorded . It is even better than `` Heaven in the real world '' . His songs really gives me something to think about . Once you listen to it , then you can never stop . GOD BLESS YOU ALL
 Steven Curtis Chapman 's `` Speechless '' is awesome ! I appreciate Steven 's realness and his incredible passion for Christ that shine from his lyrics ! -LRB- I 'm totally impressed with his music genre versatility too ! -RRB- He will forever be at the top of my favorites list !
 I heard the song `` Dive '' , and I just have to get this album . SCC has topped himself this time .
 From Dive to Speechless this is one of Steven Curtis Chapmans best efforts .
 I have heard the song `` Speechless '' on the radio and know thawt I just HAVE to have this CD .
 Easily his best album . I love the instrumental piece titled `` The Journey . '' Two other great Christian releases are Delirious 's `` World Service '' and D. C. Talk 's `` Jesus Freak . '' Lifehouse 's self titled third album is also quite excellent .
 This album is awesome . I love the song Dive . This song kinda reminds me one of the songs that I used to sing in my church youth group . He always sings how a true christian -LRB- or should I say disciple -RRB- should feel . Especially in the song The Change . I saw him in concert in California . I was sixteen years old . The feeling that I had while I was at that concert was the best . I own all his albums . He never disapoints me . He is the main reason I listen to Christain music .
 Nothing quite grasps the beauty of this masterpiece , except that it is only a mere glimpse of the beauty of the God that it praises and worships . It paints a remarkable narrative of the true God , and the variety keeps the music a fresh listen each time . As a somewhat snobby pop music enthusiast -LRB- and classical pianist -RRB- , I usually find fault with the over-simplicity or the often ` copy-cat ' nature of Christian praise music . But Steven Curtis Chapman has sophistication and yet easy accessibility . This album is just for the person who wants to experience more of the beauty of God .
 From the cool drum intro of `` Dive '' to the quiet ending in `` Be Still and Know '' this cd is a treat . Speechless is one to treasure and get a hold of it . All of the songs are unique and none sound to bland . `` Dive '' is a great song that speaks of diving into God 's love . This song has a catchy beat and a great altogether flow . The title track introduces the orchestra for the first time in this album and it is a very nice song talking about how there 's no way we can describe God 's love for us . `` Change '' is my favorite song off the disc though . It is quite a rip roaring guitar playing song . And it has a very clear message `` What about the change ? What about the difference ? What about grace ? What about forgiveness ? What about life that 's showing I 'm undergoing the change ? '' Chapman is speaking of the new person that we must be in Christ here . And ask us boldly to live the new person every day . `` Great Expectations '' is a slow song , but it is very well done musically . `` The Invitation '' is a wonderful song and is a good song for those who are not Christians or are not fully dedicated to Christ at the moment . It is a wonderful songwriting piece . `` Whatever '' is a fun track that has some more of Steven excellent guitar playing skills on display . And it 's got a great chorus . `` I Do Believe '' is another fun track that is just plain good . `` With Hope '' is a sad song that starts off with `` Jesus loves me '' sung by Erin Mullican . Erin I assume died at an early age since this song was sang by Erin while he/she was 3 . Its a somewhat sad song but it is about hope that we will see Erin in heaven . And that offers a great intro to the next song . `` The Journey '' is as if somebody is traveling to heaven and goes well with the song before it since Erin is now in heaven . Yeah ! `` Be Still and Know '' is a quiet piece that ends the album on a bright note.Speechless is a great album that stands as one of Christian music best . And shows Chapman 's fine songwritting abilities at work .
 There is n't one song on this CD that is n't a hit ! I am blown away by his profound lyrics . Every song has a purpose , and every style surpasses your expectations ! He has been in the business for such a long time , and still , today , he is as fresh as ever .
 SCC has always proven to be a great lyricist and musician . With this new work , his masterful skills are once again on display . Every song resonates emotions and introspection within - whether joy , sorrow , praise , jubilation , grace . SCC also shows his ability to change directions in musical style . A trademark of a great musician is his ability to continue to produce quality music while altering music styles . SCC does just that .
 Steven Curtis Chapman brings to his craft - and to our ears - the well finessed interplay of pure foot-stompin ' energy and reflective Christian faith . His music was always good . This 1999 release catches the artist at a time when he was elevating his game.Fortunate the ears that hear.The title track ` Speechless ' is convincing precisely because Chapman seems not to be telling an old tale for the thousandth time but rather narrating his own trek higher up and deeper in . This , nothing else , is what explains the particularly appreciative nuance of his loyal fan base . They come back time and again , aware that Chapman will not be where he was . But neither has he forgotten where he came from , who he is , and that others are listening in.It may be just my impression , but the band sounds tighter , more revved-up , more bought-in than ever . Yet Chapman has always inspired the musicians he fronts.Chapman is not the servant of a tame religion . If he colors himself speechless in the title track , in ` Great Expectations ' he professes to be near to places ` that I know so well '' , then : ` But dare I go where I do n't understandAnd do I dare remember where I amI stand before the great eternal throneThe one that God Himself is seated onAnd I , I 've been invited as a sonOh I , I 've been invited to come and ... Believe the unbelievableReceive the inconceivableAnd see beyond my wildest imaginationLord , I come with great expectations ` This artist 's narrated experience is dynamic rather than static , derivative rather than self-generated , horizon-moving rather than consolidating . Like the Psalms , in the track just cited Chapman moves from ` I ' to ` We 've been invited to come . ' As an artist - the ancient biblical poets understood this well - Chapman is aware of the vocation of giving away his personal experience in order to provide words and , in his case , melodies to the worshipping community.Chapman has always been a master of rhythm . This album is no exception , giving us as it does the complex and beguiling ` Next Five Minutes ' . This track would leave its close listener bored or weary if it did not flow rhythmically with such organic ease , a perfect cooperation between drums and acoustic guitar laying down a track adequate for Chapman 's voice to dance around it with an almost perfect storm of glee.Yet Chapman is able to slow it down with similar dexterity , as the mournful ode to a lost child shows -LRB- ` With Hope ' -RRB- . Chapman inserts an orchestral interlude called ` The Journey ' -- there 's actually an * oboe * in there -- before shutting things down with ` Be Still and Know ' , an altogether fitting bookend to the opener on a CD that is after all called ` Speechless ' . The biblical theologian Walter Brueggemann titled one of his works ` Abiding Astonishment ' . The title could do double duty here . Worship , astonishment , speechlessness , exuberance , and finally solemnity and stillness . Steven Curtis Chapman has lost not a step .
 I am a songwriter/musician . I have never cared much for Christianmusic . I was so deeply moved by this CD like none other in myvast collection . In my heart I feel Steven had absolute divineintervention when writing and recording this music.After hundreds of listening hours to this one CD ... -LRB- and I have heard his others -RRB- `` Speechless '' still stands the test of time asone of the most soulful pieces of work ... God bless this man andhis talent . He has rejuvinated my faith in the lord Jesus Christ .
 Have you ever seen anything else in Amazon get 172 reviews , and with a 5 star rating among so many . I am honored to be writing the 173rd . This album is so amazing . It 's rock , it 's pop , it 's thoughtful , gracious , beautiful , uplifting , and most of all it is Steven at his best . He touches perfection in that which he most loves to do.I have been an SCC fan for a long time . He was already tops . Now he is tippy top . I do n't know what else to say . I can review each song , but I think that is so well covered already.I knew I would have `` Great Expectations '' of this release , but I had no idea I would be hearing the `` Fingerprints of God '' . `` Whatever '' `` I do believe '' , I know that if you `` Dive '' right into this CD , it will leave you `` Speechless '' . `` What I Really Want to Say '' , is that `` With Hope '' , you will take `` The Journey '' , and `` Be Still and Know '' this CD is `` Whatever '' `` Great Expectations '' you may have in making `` The Change '' , in the `` Next 5 Minutes '' , in the next hour , in the next day , in the next year when you play it , for the one thousandth time , like I will . Now that you have the song titles , get the CD also . Every song , every moment is . I did n't think that SCC could outdo his earlier albums , but I think he has with this one .
 I bought this SCC album without hearing any of the songs off of it . I love SCC 's music , and I knew this CD would not be an exception . I was very impressed . It 's so heart-felt and sincere ! My favorite song is `` Speechless '' - it just takes my breath away . Like I said , it leaves me speechless ! `` Dive '' is also an incredible , upbeat song . `` Fingerprints Of God '' is a faster song that SCC wrote for his daughter , Emily . He wrote `` With Hope '' for the families of the three girls who were killed in the Paducah , Kentucky school shooting . I also love the song `` What I Really Want To Say '' which he wrote for his wife Mary Beth . I just ca n't express how beautiful this collection is , both in the lyrics and the music . I would recommend this CD to anyone and everyone ! It 's definitely one of my favorite CDs .
 wonderful , truly a blessing , very uplifiting . glad to add this to my collection of music that helps me get through the day with out being over stimulated .
 Did n't own any SCC before this album but I really enjoy this one ! Songs are upbeat and meaningful , I would recommend this if you like Audio Adrenaline , Newsboys , etc. .
 These songs touch the depth of my soul & I just know Steven Curtis Chapman feels what I feel about the Lord .
 How can you not like this album ? If you like SCC , this is a must-have album . Every song on here is 5-star ... and I ca n't think of many CDs that are like that ! `` Next 5 minutes '' is my favorite song on here . Steven Curtis Chapman literally does not get any better than this !!!
 I am a fan of Steven Curtis Chapman . One of my favorite songs in the world is on this album
 I think I am the only person who did n't enjoy Steven Curtis Chapman 's SIGNS OF LIFE . So it was a great relief when this disc came out and I discovered he was back to his pop/rock roots.Granted , it was easy to like this disc with the opening track being `` Dive . '' It may be a decade later , but this is still one of my favorite SCC songs ever . The hard electro beats are fun and the lyrics make me want to dive right into life as well.My other favorite here is `` With Hope . '' Yes , the song is sad as it talks about the death of a child . But I love the reminder that we do grieve because we are sad here on earth even while knowing that Heaven is coming . And the slower ballad feel is absolutely perfect.Despite myself , I must admit I enjoy `` Fingerprints of God . '' It 's a fun pop reminder that God made each of us the way we are . Nothing deep or original , but the fun gets me every time.On the more challenging side , there 's `` The Change '' which challenges us to actually live for Christ and not just buy Christian stuff . And you ca n't listen to `` Speechless '' without praising God for all He has done for us.I do find , though , that the weaker songs have tended to drag this disc down my list of Steven favorites over the years . `` Next 5 Minutes '' has a catchy melody but very bland lyrics . `` The Invitation '' is rather bland all the way around . My head tunes out when it starts playing and always has . I often enjoy the songs he writes for his wife , but `` What I Really Want to Say '' is one of the weaker efforts in that genre as well.Considering even weak Steven Curtis Chapman is usually good , I still do enjoy this disc . It 's not my favorite , but it is still very enjoyable .
 This album is awesome !!!!! Used to listen to Steven back in the 90 's and bought this to see how much he had changed . Was not disappointed !!!!!
 Steven 's very , very best work yet . In all honesty , these songs changed mylife forever ! But , wait there 's more ... I have bought about 14 copies for other people and each and every person was moved and changed by this work.The best way to put it is : This is not just a CD , it is a life-changing CD.The songs make it hard to pick `` a favorite '' because they all sing to our souls and hearts.Someone just tell me how you can listen to this work and not be making the listener debate among themselves as to which song is their favorite !
 I have had this CD for a few years now , and it is still my favorite one !
 I love this cd . It has great praise and worship music . Speechless has both great lyrics and rhythm . I love all of the songs on Speechless . Steven Curtis Chapman has such a soulful voice . I play them during daycare hours . My daycare toddlers love the music too .
 I really only bought this CD for the song `` Dive '' and then of course `` Speechless '' was right after that , but little did I know about the other songs , especially `` Be Still '' What a powerful song . It made me really stop and think about my life and how busy it is . I just stopped what I was doing and turned everything over to God , because he is God.This CD has a wonderful mix of upbeat songs and slower songs . This CD really gets you to focus on God and I think that is the goal of Steven Curtis Chapman
 I have been a huge Steven Curtis Chapman fan since he came out with `` The Great Adventure '' . He has an extraordinary gift . When you listen to the words of his songs , you know that they are a reflection of his undying love for God . If you are used to his music from th late 80 's , early 90 's , get ready for a difference in style . The CD totally rocks !
 I have all of Steven Curtis Chapman 's stuff and have practically every song memorized , and this is his best . The Dive is without a doubt , one of the best songs he has ever written , only to be topped by His Strength is Perfect from the Real Life Conversations album . Speechless is awesome , The Next 5 minutes is challenging , and The Fingerprints of God is inspiring . If you really liked this album , your next venture should be The Great Adventure or For the Sake of the Call . -LRB- The Signs of Life was n't absolutely terrific -RRB- . Chapman is great , I know the Lord must be behind his work !
 Steven Curtis Chapman has always been in the popular edge of Christian music . But no other album reflects his never-ending dependence on Jesus . From `` Dive '' in which we are to be drowned in God 's presense to having `` Great Expectations '' in what God wants to do in our life . This album is unique also that it presents a wide mix of different music patterns . I would recommend it to anyone . It 's really easy to get hooked !
 this is one of the best Steven Curtis Chapman CDs ! -LRB- the other is Heaven in the Real World -RRB- . I definitely recommend this to anyone who wants great music , along with songs that have real good meaning . like Dive , it 's talking about taking a leap of faith and diving in to the things of God . it is TOTALLY awesome , Speechless was really awesome too , talking about how so many people just blab on and on about what they want and everything that 's wrong with their lives to God , when sometimes you just need to be Speechless in His presence . and on the song Whatever , talking about how sometimes we make a list of everything that we 're willing to be used for by God , stuff that is n't real easy but definitely not hard , when we need to submit ourselves COMPLETELY to him , and do Whatever he says . this is an awesome CD , Steven Curtis Chapman just gets better and better , and his songs have good meaning to them . I encourage everyone to at least hear the music on this CD !!
 My third contemporay Christian CD - and the best - by far ! The others are ` WOW 1999 ' and Michael W. Smith 's ` Go West Young Man ' , which are pretty good , but much lighter . I like the edginess to this CD , with songs like ` Dive ' , ` Speechless ' and ` Next 5 Minutes ' . But , my favourite is ` The Change ' , with its hard-rocking guitars , which my brother - a serious Rush fan would surely appreciate ! Not all the songs are super-intense - some are quieter and more reflective , like ` Great Expectations ' , which I like too . The song , ` Fingerprints of God ' has a Richard Marx-like quality to it . The song , ' I Do Believe ' sounds a bit like the old Aerosmith song , ` Walk This Way ' with its guitar riffs . If anyone doubts that SCC is not the best male contemporary Christian artist , then they can not have given this CD much of a listen . In fact , his talent is not surpassed in mainstream pop/rock music by anyone - male or female !
 This is SCC best cd ever ! Its perfect for any age
 I bought this album based on word-of-mouth without hearing any of the tracks , so I did n't know what to expect since I am not familiar with SCC 's other stuff . I like this album . It had enough diversity in the arrangements to make it interesting , and his voice handled the different styles well . I like the combination of guitars and strings . Thumbs up .
 This is absolutely one of the best collections of music that I have been blessed with in a long time . The themes are so appropriate for any age group and the music is fabulous . A perfect gift for anyone ... even yourself !
 This is a great CD that every Christian should get.Steven Curtis Chapman seems to just get better and better with every release.The obvious intimacy that he shares with God is reflected so wonderfully in his music.From the powerful title track `` Speechless '' to `` Fingerprints of God '' written for Emily as well as `` What I really want to say '' for his wife Mary Beth make this a superb CD to add to your collection.SCC never fails to challenge and encourage in his lyrics and he just ca n't help giving you a `` breathtaking view '' of God 's grace again and again.Be warned this is BRILLIANT !!!!!
 More hip hop then his others . I think this is one of the best he has done ! I would recommend it to any one !!!!!! God bless !
 It was once said that -LRB- I 'm paraphrasing here ! -RRB- `` Christian music is more than a career ; it 's also a calling ... few artists embrace this calling more fully than Steven Curtis Chapman . `` How absolutely true . I am never disappointed with his work ; being a college student with limited funds I always hesitate to buy books or CDs because I do n't know what I 'm getting . With Steven Curtis Chapman I never have to worry ; I know every album and every song will be excellent . He is far and away my favorite Christian music artist . Words ca n't express how much his music has meant to me over the years . God must truly be with this man .
 The message is clear and thoughtful as always , however the music , while very good , does n't live up to his last three albums . Still an excellent buy however .
 The song the change really is a great inspiration . We christians these days are trying hard to identify ourselves , but the best way is to show and tell what difference Christ has made in our lives . Great song Steven ! My 6 year old son loves this album ... a testament for SCC 's blessed ability to provide an avenue for God to reach all ages . His best lyrics to date .
 Have you ever encountered a moment where you just do n't know what to say ?? Well ... This album is a wonderful expression of those moments.SCC has matured more and more with each successive release , and this one will really capture your heart and make you examine your relationship with God.The title track Dive ! is a spectacular opening , and the CD progresses beautifully through Speechless , Great Expectations , and The Fingerprints of God . When you think you 've heard the best already , SCC will drop your jaw with the beautiful Be Still and Know , and the accompanying symphonic prelude . This is a great album.Dwell in the grace of God ... and be left Speechless .
 I just got this cd and I absolutely love it . Steven has done some great song writing on this one . This album has some songs that could easily be done in a worship setting and stuff that 's just really great to listen to .
 I am amazed and in awe of this wonderful work created by Steven Curtis Chapman . As a songwriter myself , I am astounded by the incredible writing on this album , and the incredible production . This is Steven Curtis Chapman at the top of his game . He has a created an album that is fun , exhilirating and profound . Favorites on the album for me include , `` Dive , '' `` Speechless , '' `` Great Expectations '' and `` Be Still And Know . '' I ca n't find a single flaw on this album , and I beleive that God has truly touched Steven with an incredible gift . You wo n't be dissapointed with this album !
 For so long I have wished Steven would do a studio album with his incredible touring band and finally my wishes have come true ! This project does not have the canned sound that so many studio albums have when one uses studio musicians . Speechless has a musical tightness that Steven has for so long been capable of achieving and finally does with this recording . It amazes me that this man continues to improve with every recording . I believe that it is due to his passion for making good music in a creative way but most importantly , his zeal for being all that he can be for Christ compels him in being superior in his craft and is an inspiration to people like me who strive to live for Christ in a world that so desperately needs the message of redemption . Thank you Steven !
 SCC has done it again . He is mixing some great rock with some middle of the road with some slow . But the words he puts into all of his songs , they express the great love , caring , grace , expectations , everything the Lord has for us . Fantastic album !!! If you get any new albums this month , definately get this one . It 's well worth it !!!!
 By far the best there is out there.I have all his tapes and I think he top them all with this new one !!!
 This is my first SC Chapman cd , but not my last . You will be literally `` blown away '' by the tunes on this musical , I humbly use the word `` masterpiece , '' because it is a masterpiece of well-written songs , some with full orchestra , plus the great vocals of SC Chapman . There is pop , rock , soft worship ; whatever your musical taste you will be satisfied.The piano , guitar and violins are prominent on this , and well done . `` Be Still and Know '' is extremely worshipful . There are lots of upbeat tunes , such as `` Whatever , '' and `` The Next Five Minutes '' ; the `` Fingerprints of God '' is uplifting , as well as the hit song and album title , `` Speechless . '' There is not one song on this cd that does not meet my high standards . I would be hardpressed to choose just one favorite!You will not regret paying the price of this excellent cd , and as you listen to it over and over , you will love it more and more . I sing along , dance and worship ; feeling low or depressed ? This is a sure pick me up !
 Exactly what was needed , an album fitting to be taped on the other side of a cassette with `` Signs of Life '' . This makes the ultimate car driving tape ! Not quite as fast paced as `` Signs '' , `` Speechless '' mixes it up a lot more with the 90 's pop sound of `` Dive '' , standard SCC guitar driven rock on `` Change '' and `` I Do Believe '' , and some great quieter tracks like `` Fingerprints of God '' , `` With Hope '' and `` Be Still and Know '' . Not too many artists can produce this quality of music on such a variety of material , while still penning lyrics that never cease to inspire . Chapman is also great at writing music that appeals to both genders . It all comes down to talent and faith I suppose , and luckily for us Chapman has plenty of both .
 SCC IS DEFINITELY MY FAVORITE CCM ARTIST BECAUSE OF HIS DEDICATION TO DEEP LYRICS AND THOUGHTFUL MESSAGES . UNLIKE OTHERS , HIS CHRISTIAN CHARACTER SHOWS IN THE WAY HE LIVES , SPEAKS , ACTS AND CONDUCTS HIMSELF IN THE PUBLIC EYE ! HIS HUMILITY AND CHRIST-LIKENESS HAVE IMPACTED ME AND MY FAITH ! THANK YOU FOR THIS TREMONDOUS ALBUM , ESPECIALLY `` BE STILL '' . I HAVE THE WORDS HANGING ON MY WALL . PLEASE KEEP UP THIS MINISTRY !
 A very modern approach to his new style . It takes up a new twist in Christian Contemporary Music today . Yes he has done it again !! Its SCC 's new album and its a ` must have ' for all CCM fans of every type . From songs like Dive which take up a new flavour containing preprogrammed drum rhythms giving it a real ` pop ' feel to songs like ` The Change ' containing an original blend of heavy acoustic guitar orientated rhythm and awesome orchestral string arangement makes it an album with unique and catchy style which pleases all age groups . Inspiring songs like ` The Invitation ' and ` With Hope ' are a sermon in itself with hard to forget lyrics . Allegro styles at the beginning of the album ready to catch you unaware allows this artist take you to his expressive insprational styles found through his album and into his deepest thoughts and understanding about his Christian lifestyle . All songs are beautifully arranged and well sorted in this new album . The songs may not reach the heights of his ` never to be forgotten ' classics such as ` The Great Adventure ' , ` Heaven in the Real World ' and ` Lord of the Dance ' but the album as a whole makes it his first vocal autobiography about an artist who expresses himself and his lifestyle very clearly . A must have .
 Speechless ... is one of my favorite albums by Steven Curtis Chapman . Every song is heart warming and gives praise to our Heavenly Father.Thank you SCC keep it up .
 Usually I enjoy Steven Curtis Chapman 's ability to incorporate a number of styles and moods in each album . This album is no different from other SCC releases in that it covers a wide range of music , from hard to soft , joyful to sorrowful . Yet somehow these songs just do n't gel like they have on previous albums.Everything starts off with a bang , with the rousing Dive and Speechless . There are several very strong tracks in the mix , but somewhere in the middle we encounter Next 5 Minutes , possibly the closest I 've heard to a Christian version of `` The Song That Does n't End '' . From there it all seems to fall apart . Individually , most of the songs are great . They just do n't all seem to belong together . Do n't be surprised if you find yourself hitting the skip button from time to time , depending on your mood.Larry Hehn , author of Get the Prize
 He does work in mysterious ways.I could see why someone would feel speechlessThe song speechless is so true and so real.I have experienced the speechlessness in my lifeThe Lord does help me . I keep a journal of my prayersHe has answered everyone of my prayers .
 This was really good . So far , I think this is the best . For people who do criticize it ... they just need to realize what it means . It helped realize what we really need to focus on . The `` Fingerprints of God '' was very touching I felt . Some of them , were just really good to listen to . I really reccomend it to you . If you 're on the brink of becoming a christian , listen to it , I think it will help YOU decide .
 My whole family enjoys this masterpiece . My three year old wants to hear this CD whenever he gets in the car , funny but the 14 year old agrees ! My wife even lets us turn the volume up a little louder for this CD .
 I think this is Steven Curtis Chapman 's best CD yet and im not just saying that because my name is Curtis :-RRB- songs on this Cd include my favorite , Dive and Speechless . Steven 's songs have been awesome and inspiring to me over the years , and he 's done it again with this CD .
 ... pweese do forgive me if I have . It 's a great , great album . It was the second SCC album I ever got -LRB- after falling in love with Greates Hits I was overjoyed to get Speechless for my birthday ! -RRB- , and it remains one of my favorites . `` Dive '' is a wonderful song , another one of those that makes you want to get up and dance -LRB- or , in this case , dive in ! -RRB- . The title song is pretty good , and , well , all the rest are great , most especially `` Fingerprints of God '' , `` The Journey '' -LRB- actually J.A.C. Redford gets credit for that , as it 's instrumental -RRB- , and `` With Hope '' can make you cry if you 're not careful . `` What I Really Want to Say '' , though not as acoustically pretty as some other ballads to Mary Beth , is touching and so , so true . `` The Invitation '' is the only song you 'll want to skip . So , all in all , this new entry from the incredibly cute Kentucky boy gets five stars . ~ Child of the Burning Heart
 Steven Curtis Chapman has a real talent that is clearly displayed all over `` Speechless '' . Not only do his songs show tremendous effort , but they are catchy ! Especially `` Dive '' and `` Fingerprints of God '' which tell it like it is , in a calm , subtle way . You 'll get hooked !
 Though this album is different than his other ones , I find it still very consistent with his genre . I find myself thinking of my friends when I hear `` Fingerprints '' , and want to dance to `` Dive '' . I continue to enjoy every album he has put out .
 I have only heard about 30 sec . of the 1st 5 songs on the CD and read about 15 reviews . Even though there is the occasional 3-star , everything else is 5-stars , nothing under . This makes me realize that the parts I have n't heard must be just as good as the parts I have heard . To put it simpler , this CD must rock . I have the Greatest Hits album and listening to 2 min . 30 sec . of this new one makes me realize that SCC gets better all the time . He has been good from the start , do n't think I do n't think so , but some things really do get better with experience . An awesome CD .
 Steven Curtis Chapman is my favorite Christian artist and this album is my favorite from him . Speechless could have been a greatest hits album from beginning to end.Anyone giving this a bad review does n't know how to appreciate good music.By the way , it 's spelt `` gangster '' and `` the '' and `` mouth '' . So pull your pants up and go back to school . -LRB- refering to earlier review -RRB-
 ... and not only do the songs rock , but the lyrics are excellent . I normally do n't listen to Christian songs , but I still have to say that this album is impressive . I recommend this album to anyone .
 This was such a good CD when I heard it . It brought me to start liking Christian music .
 If your a Christian and you have ever been to Campmeeting or Bible Camp do you remember how heavily you felt God 's Presence ? Well , when you are listening to this CD somehow you lose thought of everything else around you and concentrate on GOD . It 's a great Praise & Worship CD and I suggest this to all who are even remotely interested in this CD .
 All the songs on this CD are touching and heartwarming and truly praise the name of God !
 Steven Curtis Chapman has tapped into the generational gap with this , his latest album , Speechless . I was left in awe at the inspiring and magnificent poetry that flowed within the words . This is a CD that merges breath taking ballads , car dancing guitar jams , and a twist of calming classical music . The world needed to remember that music is not only an art with instruments of sound , but also with utensils of knowledge , dreams wrapped in beautiful phrases that reach down and grab your soul back to life . The love songs on this CD were not just about God , but TO Him . Hats off Steven ! You have renewed my hopes that christian music can and will be taken to new levels . Music is after all , the poetry of ones ' soul .
 Speechless is AWESOME ! You should listen this album ! This album is the best combination of Steve 's incredible song writting , Brown 's producing ability and also the band great musical performance . I like all songs in this album.I guess , it 's the best album that Steve and maybe any Christian artist had ever made .
 Speechless is a CD that speaks to me saying that it 's not a bad thing to be Speechless . It shows that God 's always talking to us , it 's just the fact that we talk to much and do n't listen . The CD also tells us that we need to `` Dive '' in to new circumstances and that we all need to go through `` The Change '' ; we need to have `` Great Expectations '' of what 's to come ; we all have the `` Fingerprints of God '' on us ; we 're all invited through `` The Invitation '' ; we can believe `` With Hope '' and that we need to take the time to `` Be Still and Know '' Him . Those are the songs with the exception of four other songs and how you can relate them to life . Enjoy it because I know that I do ! Great Job Steven !
 The latest of S. C. C. and it is one of his best . He keeps getting better and better ! The songs on this are outstanding ! Dive
 SC2 -LRB- Steven Curtis Chapman -RRB- has the gift of putting his feelings into the form of music . He latest CD , Speechless is the best . It ranges from the soft piano song , `` Be Still and Know '' to the moderatly hard rock song , `` I do believe '' . The Title song , Speechless , is about how we are without any words , how our breath is taken away by what God has done for us by dying on the cross and saving us from our sin.Also , there is a wonderful song about death , which was written for a family who lost a child . It tells how , if I can quote from the chorus , `` WE CAN CRY WITH HOPE , WE CAN SAY GOODBYE WITH HOPE , CAUSE WE KNOW OUR GOODBYE IS NOT THE END ... '' and so on . Tells how death , for the christian , IS not the end . A wonderful song.The song `` Whatever '' tells how we should do `` WHATEVER '' God tells us to do ; not what we THINK we should do.My personal favorite is `` The Change '' , Which talks about the change in our lives after we become a christian and how we should live . It has a good beat with a rather loud chorus ; a fun song to dance to.I could go on and on , but I wont . Let me tell you one thing before I go . YOU WO N'T BE WASTING A PENNY BUYING THIS CD ... I GUARENTEE IT ! : -RRB- Jason Anderson
 Without a doubt , Steven Curtis Chapman is the man to buy if you 're looking for high quality Contemporary Christian Music . However , there are certain albums of his that are better for certain areas . This one I would say is the most inspirational . It gives a very uplifting expierince when you listen . For a more fun album , try Heaven in the Real World , or better music , and good message , Signs of life . But this provides the real sense of a message of Christ coming through .
 I have almost every single album Steven Curtis Chapman has released in his career , but none compare to the feel and excitement of `` Speechless , '' an album that I can truly say is a masterpiece . Ranging from Pop , Country , Hard rock , and very powerful ballads , this album screams `` Listen to Me . I will make your day bright . '' And it does . From the first track , `` Dive , '' I felt closer to God like I never was . Other tracks like `` Speechless , '' `` The Change , '' and `` I Do '' really show how much Chapman has evolved over the past twelve years . His slow songs , which comprise most of the second half of the album , are deep and beautiful . `` Be Still and Know '' is a song that really changes a person 's life spiritually . `` With Hope , '' written for the friends of families who have lost children , really lets you know that the death of a family member is not Goodbye forever , as long as you believe . If you are a SCC fan , or a fan of Contemporary Christian Music , I urge you to buy this album , and experience music on a broad new level . Grade
 I am a professional musician and am not into contemporary Christian music but I am into all music . I had heard of S. C. Chapman 's name and knew he was supposed to be a good songwriter and probably a good singer , so I bought his latest C.D. , `` Speechless '' . First time through , I kind of liked it . Second time through , I was hooked . Great C.D. . Mr. Chapman ! After that purchase , I decided to purchase another Dove nominated C.D. by a prolific singer/songwriter , M.W. Smith . No comparison . Although Smith uses clever electronics , it is my opinion that `` Speechless '' is by far a step above the Smith offering . I know they are both very talented singers/songwriters but there was little doubt which C.D. was my choice for great C.D. of the year . I prefer Chapman 's songwriting and vocals to Smith 's . Each of the songs on `` Speechless '' have great melodies and great planning . Great use of chords . I might also mention that I purchased Chapman 's greatest hits C.D. , but found the greatest hits were on the `` Speechless '' C.D. I compliment Chapman on this great C.D. and I am totally confused about the Dove awards selection process . I ca n't believe this C.D. did n't win a single award that I 'm aware of . How did that happen ??
 The music of Steven Curtis Chapman has carried me through some of the darkest days of my life . I bought `` Speechless '' for myself as a Christmas gift last year.It has indeed left me speechless , with joy , everytime I listen to it.In fact , the last two tracks , the symphonic introduction and `` Be Still and Know '' have lulled me to sleep many a night.All I can say is this
 I really like this cd . My favorite songs are Dive , Whatever , and I do . You should buy it ! It is very fun to listen to . You will be satified .
 While I may be biased because I already liked SCC , I am especially enamored of the new album . The big hit `` Dive '' really gets the heart pumping , but my favorites are n't the singles ! My favorite two songs , `` The Invitation '' and `` The Change '' really speak to the heart and mind as well as the musical soul . `` The Invitation '' really makes ya stop and think about how very many people in the world need to hear `` the invitation '' of Christ , and `` The Change '' makes ya stop and consider how YOU might be reflecting Christianity to others . All in all a very good album ! Way to go SCC !
 I have loved SCC for as long as I can remember . His music is so encouraging and uplifting . I can always see `` the fingerprints of God '' when I listen to his stuff , but listen to me ramble on . About this CD though , it is incredible . I am never disappointed by what he comes up with and this is no exception . I keep thinking that he has to have reached his limit and then he comes out with another like the title song `` Speechless '' . This is a definate recommendation for music lovers ! Plus he and his family are just so cute together ! : -RRB-
 This CD started me in this Music genre . I love it !
 I have been a fan of SCC since around 1992 and 1993 , and he is in my opinion the greatest Contemporary Artist ever . This CD , Speechless , is one of his greatest yet . It is hard to beat `` Signs of Life '' , his previous album , but he came VERY close . In fact , I think it was a tie . All of the songs on the album are very good , but here are some of my favorites : Dive
 Steven Curtis Chapman has received much critical praise and about a million Dove Awards , and with his album `` Speechless '' , he proves once again that all the acclaim is richly deserved . Chapman turns up the tempo and rocks the house more than in previous albums , right from the opening track , the irresistibly danceable `` Dive '' . But in addition to that huge hit , a more rock-influenced , guitar-driven sound can also be heard in songs like `` The Change '' , `` Next 5 Minutes , which contains a superbly catchy hook , and `` Whatever '' . Other songs , highlighted by the moving `` Great Expectations '' , take on a more soft , melodious approach , similar to the title song `` Speechless '' . The song `` With Hope '' , as the title implies , offers hope to those who have lost a loved one , and the album as a whole offers hope to everyone who is looking for peace and purpose in life through Christ . The soothing and worshipful `` Be Still And Know '' offers a beautiful closing to what is no doubt a remarkable album by Chapman . This CD presents music and messages appealing to both youth and adult audiences , and should be a welcome addition to anyone 's musical library .
 Hey guys , my name is Mark Lee , I 'm 15 years old , and this is easily the greatest collection of contemporary Christian music I 've heard in a long , long while ! I received this CD from my aunt recently , and I knew I would at least like it when I saw that the song `` Dive '' is on it . `` Dive '' is one of Steven Curtis Chapman 's greatest hits ever , with an irresistible groove and a catchy chorus . But I did n't expect EVERY song to be so good!Every song is great in one way or another . `` I Do Believe '' , `` The Change '' , and `` Whatever '' make you want to get up and dance to their hard rock beat . Also , `` Speechless '' , `` Next 5 Minutes '' , and `` Great Expectations '' will move you with their powerful , thought-provoking lyrics.All those songs are rather loud at some point or another -LRB- especially `` I Do Believe '' -RRB- , and my mom used to dislike Steven Curtis Chapman because `` his music is too loud and boyish '' . That 's the way it is with some songs , but not with all of them . In fact , part of the reason why Steven Curtis Chapman is such a superb musician is that he can not only write loud rock songs , but also some of the sweetest love songs I 've ever heard ! `` Fingerprints of God '' is a heartwarming song dedicated to his daughter about how she is such a beautiful creation of God . `` What I Really Want to Say '' is a moving song for his wife about how words can not describe how much he loves her . `` With Hope '' is a real tearjerker , dedicated to several families who had lost their children in school shootings . `` The Journey '' is a brief instrumental which adds yet more emotion to the already powerful `` With Hope '' . `` The Invitation '' is a quiet little piece about God 's sacrifice for us . `` Be Still and Know '' is a subdued , worshpiful conclusion to this fantastic album.And did I mention that `` Dive '' is one of Steven Curtis Chapman 's greatest hits ever ? Buy this CD immediately ! It 's also a great first Steven Curtis Chapman CD if you 've never heard his music before .
 The song `` Dive '' gives me a real sense of excitment ! It makes me feel like dancing and praising the Lord as I serve Him.This CD has got real rythum and soul ! Thanks Steven Curtis Chapman for loving the Lord enough to add those moves in your music !
 To be honest if you had mentioned the name Steven Curtis Chapman to me this time last year I would have been totally clueless . I wasnt into Christian music in a very big way ... mainly because it wasnt very good ! No offence meant . However what a revolution has taken place this past year huh!This album is a total breath of fresh air , songs such as Dive and Speechless really show off Stevens gift of singing and music . Beautiful lyrics finish the package off nicely . A tear or two will fill your eye at the lovely Fingerprints of God dedicated to his daughter and relating to the pressures on young people to look like magazine models ... this song is an invaluable lesson that society could well benefit from adopting . Well done Steven in creating a unique Christian album which shows the gifted musicians in Churches all over the world , and praise the Lord for such beautiful words and music which will be a blessing to many ! Enjoy ! I did and Im sure you too will be speechless once more at the wondrous grace of God ...
 This recording sounds a little different than the previous ones - it may have something to do with the fact that he used his touring band instead of the studio one he normally uses . However , I think it is one of the best he has produced . From the boppy `` Dive '' to the thought provoking `` Speechless ; and `` What about the Change '' to the tear-jerker `` With Hope '' ; from `` Great Expectations '' to `` The Invitation '' , this CD will inspire and challenge you . I love it !
 After Steven taking some time out , there was always going to be a lot of hype and speculation about this CD , and it does n't disappoint . The voice and general musicianship of Steven Curtis Chapman have improved again with this album . The production is outstanding , very up-to-date and uplifting -LRB- without being nauseating -RRB- . The songs all link together so well , making it hard to find a favourite . At a push I would choose `` Be Still and Know '' , a hymn like song with a gorgeous , floating melody that will send shivers down your spine , it truly captures the idea of being still . However , on the more up-tempo side I would have to choose `` Dive '' , an opening track that would make you have to listen to the rest of the album . This is me struggling though as I ca n't find a track to criticise.My least favourite would be `` Next Five Minutes '' because of the music , but then the lyrics really make you think.As far as Steven 's albums go , I feel they have always had a couple of `` album fillers '' . As I listened to this album I was waiting to see which ones it was -LRB- usually towards the end -RRB- , however , I did n't find any this time . Every song has great music , great lyrics and working with his live band has really done these songs justice.Quite simply , a great album that will live up to your expectations no matter how high they are , and I would know . Having read and reviewed the book that goes along with it , you will definitely find that the book adds to your understanding of the album and the subject matter , God 's grace.Enjoy
 This is a great album . What makes it so great is that the same spirit of worship and awe of God is there as it has been in his other albums , while the emphatic musical style is different . Notice the symphonic arrangements -LRB- `` Be Still and Know '' -RRB- and heavier guitar and bass lines -LRB- `` Last Five Minutes '' -RRB- -- the album has a more ` concert feel ' than his previous albums , but lyrics are still very powerful -LRB- `` The Invitation , '' `` Be Still and Know '' -RRB- and worshipful -LRB- `` Speechless , '' `` Great Expectations '' -RRB- . He continues to make great albums without compromising the message or watering down the musicianship .
 Chapman has a new look and even sound . Once again the standard for excellence is set with his newest album . If you 've never listened to Steven before this new album is an excellent place to start . A well balanced collection of up tempo true to life songs as well as the beautifully written ballads that he is known for . He is an excellent representation of Contemporary Christian Music and an artist that should be a member of everyone 's collection . For the faithful fan , fear not . The new look has not taken away from the excellent musicianship and the true love for God that overflows into his music . I look forward to what is to come and I am thankful for what we have now . Although I must admit that since I got the CD I 've been neglecting all others . This simply proves that Speechless is a must buy .
 This CD is unbelievable . I bought it after hearing a small peice of DIVE on a commercial for a new Christian Radio Station . To my astonishment and delight , this was not the only tune on the CD that I liked!Steven Curtis Chapman uses heavy guitar and awesome beats to convey the Christian message in a way that does n't scream COMPROMISE . With every track , the meaning of the words is clear -- nothing that can be even mildly confused as secular . He does n't try to be crossover -- he 's all about The Cross.The creativity here is very , very impressive . Most of the tracks are easily danced to -- perfect for your next party -LRB- or `` fellowship '' as we Christians prefer to call such get-togethers -RRB- . I 've listened to it on the way to work and on the way home almost every day since I purchased it.This was my first Steven Curtis Chapman CD , but it definitely wo n't be my last.Favorite 7 Tunes , in order :1 . Speechless2 . Great Expectations3 . I Do Believe4 . Dive5 . Whatever6 . The Change7 . With Hope
 I never expect anything less from Steven Curtis Chapman . The lyrics , the music , the guitar , everything proves that he is amazingly telented . The fact that he uses his talents to praise God inspires me . I thank God for him .
 Stephen Curtis Chapman is at his best with `` Speecheless '' . It is his finest recording yet . His songs make me want to praise God . He has inspired me and he will inspire you if you this to this awsome CD .
 When i first got the c.d. for my mom to listen to , i did n't realize that I would like it . Right now this c.d. is my favorite c.d. , and the only one i ever listen to . I love it . I love steven curtis chapman , i always have , and i always will . He knows what music is all about .
 I HAVE ALWAYS LOVED SCC FOR HIS OPEN LOVE OF GOD . THIS IS DEFINATLY MY FAVE ALBUM . IT HAS THE ABILITY TO KEEP YOU ENTHRALLED YET FOCUSED ON THE TRUE REASON FOR MUSIC-THE PRAISE OF GOD . ILOVE DIVE FOR MOSTLY ITS SOUNDTRACK BUT MY FAVE SONG IS THE INVITATION . IHOPE HE COMES TO ENGLAND SOMEDAY ! SPEEHLES SIMPLY GLORIFIESGOD
 This cd is an all out Jesus praising cd . SCC has great lyrics and music at the same time . EVERY SONG on this cd is AWESOME ! I would recommend it to EVERYONE !!
 To bad there 's only 5 stars to rank this . I 'd say it gets 20 stars minimum . Speechless , The Change , I Do Believe , Whatever are awsome . DIVE is the best out there !!! You need to get this CD bad !!!
 This CD rocks ! `` Dive '' is my favorite up-tempo song , and `` Be Still and Know '' is my favorite ballad on this CD . As far as SCC 's ballads go , I think only `` I Will Be Here '' tops `` Be Still and Know '' . `` I Do Believe '' , `` Fingerprints of God '' , and all the others are great too ! He truly is singing from the heart in this CD.I saw SCC in concert in Akron last night and the show was AWESOME . OF course , he sang many of the songs from this album , and if you ever get a chance to see him in concert , do n't miss it ! SCC is one of the best singer/songwriters ever !
 I have no other SCC recordings with which to compare it , but this album is obviously the work of a mature , talented artist . The lyrics are thoughtful and thought-provoking , the musical arrangements are full of surprises , and the vocals are powerful . I 'm buying copies for all my frients .
 I discovered this website one Saturday afternoon and was very impressed by one particular review of SPEECHLESS , in which the writer suggested that this album would in fact leave the listener `` speechless '' ! On the strength of that review alone , I ordered and bought the CD before listening to a single track ! And that writer was so RIGHT ! This is the most fantastic compilation yet by SCC . A truly excellent album - each song is well written and produced . DIVE is my personal favourite - it gets me up and dancing like nothing else ! So do yourself a favour and ensure `` Speechless '' has a place in your Christian music collection !
 As an advid fan of SCC I was first in line for his album . I was not let down . Dive just makes me want to get up and dance in the presence of the Lord . I read the lyrics to Figerprints before I even listened to it and was in tears . He has beautiful captured his daughters feelings into an awesome song . Steve you 've outdone yourself this time . It 's wonderful .
 Our youth group recently had a retreat up in somewhere in New Jersey . We 're in our retreat house , and our youth group leaders taught us these hand movements . . We 're all clueless . When the song by SCC `` Dive '' started to play . . we started doing the motions . The Rembrants were played , Foreigner , etc etc. . After the retreat I went out and bought SCC 's Speechless . It 's an awesome album , and I would n't trade it for anything . -LRB- Oh yeah , the retreat was really fun , since we danced to this song like every night , it was awesome -RRB-
 Awesome album with awesome message and awesome musical arrangement . Very inspiring . One of my favorite albums from Steven Curtis Chapman .
 This is one of my favorite Steven C 's CDs . The last track on the CD is my favorite . If this song does not move you to tears and awe of our awesom God , then nothing will .
 I love this CD . It 's just good old fashioned music to the Lord . It may not be edgy and it may not be completely `` different '' from his other works , but you CAN NOT argue against this man 's heart for the Lord . The inspiration , the love , and the passion you hear in this Steven 's talent is unbelievable . All the way from the catchy song `` Dive '' , the love song `` Fingerprints of God '' , and the passion in `` With Hope '' . There is no one better then this man . Wonderful music , wonderful heart . This CD is the heart and soul of every Christian . `` Speechless '' will bring you to tears :-RRB- . I credit a HUMONGOUS part of My Christian walk to this man . He 's inspired me and helped me in more ways then he 'll ever know . Steven Curtis Chapman , I LOVE YOU !
 Great contemporary music , great lyrics that you can relate to , and may ultimately bring you closer to God , such as the song , `` The Invitation '' . For those of you still looking for God , or feeling far from Him , buy this , and you may find Him calling you through this music .
 ... or was that `` Declaration ? '' I do n't know . They are both beyond compare with anything else out there .
 Steven is one of a few artists who helped to awaken Christianity in me along with DC Talk and Newsboys . I saw the video for Dive on the God Channel and that was it , enough for me to buy the album and I have not been dissappointed by any of the tracks . Now I wonder if Steven is keen to help upcoming Christian singer/songwriters ? Hopefully one day someone will be reviewing my album and if it 's half as good as any of those mentioned previously I 'll be a happy chappy .
 This CD really sets a standard for contemporary Christian . It is filled with meaning , along with awesome songs and lyrics . Definitely worth more than 5 stars , Chapman does excellent vocals . Plus , he wrote , or co-wrote , a lot of the songs . This is a positive must have .
 MY FAVORITE CD OF ALL TIME ! As far as I 'm concerned , Steven Curtis Chapman is the king of Christian music . He has a mystical way of refocusing one on what is really important - GOD!YOU HAVE TO BUY THIS CD !
 ` Be Still and Know ' sent chills up my spine . Inspiring work . On the whole , the album was well worth the price I paid . I expect many hours of listening enjoyment .
 This CD is so AWESOME ! It truly will leave you speechless and standing in awe of God 's disruptive grace . His songs on this album will give you peace , hope and joy . Do not hesitate to buy this latest album from Steven . You will not be dissapointed ! Steven Strikes again ! : -RRB-
 Steven Curtis Chapman is by far one of the greatest -LRB- or the greatest -RRB- male vocalists of all time . Every record that he has come out with is overflowing with the Grace of God . I believe Steven Curtis Chapman has outdone himself several times over on every thing he 's done . I definately look forward to his next project whenever and whatever it may be !
 What a great CD . I think this is definitely one of SCC 's best releases . Some great new stuff , but all with a very recognizable SCC `` feel . '' Great gift for people new to SCC , a definite must-have for SCC fans .
 I dove right into Speechless ! Dive is by far Steven Curtis Chapman 's best single yet . It will easily make Wow 2000 . I ca n't wait to see what he comes out with next !
 I think that this album is one of the best of SSC since `` Heaven in the Real World '' , I love the song `` great expectations '' , because God has given us such an ` inconcievable ' gift of eternal life , and an awesome ability to know and have an intimate relationship with the Creator of the world . `` Dive '' is such a joyous song and makes me want to dance and celebrate the love of Christ in my hectic life . `` Be still '' is an amazing song that just lets you know that no matter what is going on in your life God knows and is in control and He will take care of you . AMAZING ALBUM !!!!
 Steven Curtis Chapman continues to get better and better . His style is so easy to listen to and carries you away on an incredible lyrical journey . `` The Invitation '' presents a visual image that brings me to tears each time I hear it . `` Dive '' is so much fun to listen to . You ca n't help but tap your toes and smile . Avid SCC fans have no choice but to buy this CD and those not familiar with his work will want to go out and buy everything else he ever recorded .
 I just got it and I love it !!! The song Great Expectations is great !
 Sc2 is one of the only recording artists I listen to -LRB- perhaps the only one -RRB- who has not , to my mind , made a single disappointing album . From his classic first album -LRB- First Hand -RRB- to the present Speechless , he never stops giving his all , and he continues to be both familiar and new with each recording - developing as an artist , but not losing what made him so appealing in the first place . His music is terrific on this album , he really rocks , but as always , it 's the lyrics that make the album unforgettable . It 's hard to single out favorite songs - there truly is n't a bad or even mediocre one on the album . From all I 've read , and from meeting him briefly once , sc2 seems as genuine as his lyrics . Thank God for him and his music - they 've been a great blessing to me .
 Chapman has outdone himself on his latest release . I love the blood pumping rhythms and meaning of `` Dive In , '' as well as the tear jerking message behind `` With Hope . '' SCC is a master at getting the message of God across with a lilting melody . Good Job , Steven !
 I was totally blown away by this cd . It 's awesome . Dive is definately my favorite . This cd has lived in my cd player ever since I bought it . SCC has done it again .
 There are so many good , hooking songs on this CD it 's impossible to mention them all . I first heard these songs ten years ago and they 're still with me , despite the many times I 've lost the CD -LRB- and bought new ones -RRB- . `` Do n't You Feel My Leg '' is one of the most original American songs I 've ever heard , and the musicianship is just awesome . I hear this song and am transported back in time -- and to New Orleans mind you ... Elvis Costello 's cameo song is also great
 The Dirty Dozen Brass band is keeping the New Orleans Jazz tradition alive and well -- a cab driver in the Big Easy told me , `` We 're proud of those homeboys ! '' And justly so , as they play with non-stop excitement and obvious joy . The New Orleans Album may well be my favorite of theirs to date -- with 10 infectious cuts , -LRB- um , perhaps that is n't the best word for a CD track in this particular sentence ! -RRB- -- all top notch ! Worthy of particular notice is tubist Kirk Joseph , whose incredible energy undergirds the whole CD -- this guy never seems to stop to breathe ! Lead trumpeter Gregory Davis ' tune Hannibal is my favorite , with an absolutely fabulous ending fading off into the distance in an almost spiritual way . The Monkey Speaks His Mind and Do n't You Feel My Leg are hilarious . Elvis Costello makes a guest appearance and does a fine job , but personally I prefer the real thing . The `` new '' swing bands like Squirrel Nut Zippers and Cherry Popping Daddies are fine , and I 'm glad to see and hear a revival of that music , but nothing beats the Dirty Dozen . Get this album -- if you do n't enjoy it , your soul is dead .
 I first got this album in 1992 . I was immediately hooked . This album is a cornerstone of music that the dirty dozen brass band have helped bring back to the spotlight . One of my all time favorites .
 sure it 's cathartic to get all melancholy with sad songs , or to purge your blues with existential wailings , but how about having some fun ? you need fun music in your life . you really do . and here some is . the dirty dozen brass band make music about as fun as it comes . funky beats , wailing saxophone , bouncy tuba patterns , and so much more
 whata halfa ! ... . i mean the kid is a real talented flamer ! ... the way he jukes and jammies and flaunts the goods ... woof , him and the rest of the dozen really got me thinking . . has the whole world gone halfa ... hearn 's struggling brain mass
 These guys are better then the groups in the States . I lived in Australia for a year I am from the states and they should bring Human Nature there . They all have wonderful voices and I have heard them without background . I have this and another album of theirs and would highly recommend it .
 I love this album . It is my absolute favorite . It is nothing like the songs other boybands sing . These songs are `` timeless . '' The songs are great , excellent , amazing , wonderful , I really ca n't say anything bad about this album . My CD is all scratched up from playing it too much . Believe me , it is that good ! If I ever find another one , I will definitely buy myself another copy .
 With Human Nature , there is not even one disappointing song on their CDs . Instead of pushing an image , Human Nature are 5 guys who promote their music and that comes through in the songs . Though they are all great , standouts on the album are `` Counting Down '' , `` Cruel '' , and `` Last to Know . `` This album is definitely worth every penny if you 're looking for some great pop music and smooth harmonies .
 what can i say , this is an EXCELLENT album . great follow up to ` tellin ' everybody ' . great voices , great looks . they 're just excellent !
 love happy hardcore ! this is a great collection in itself and a must have for any lover of the genre ! i would buy this again
 This album is downright serious . When I bought it , I knew it was Happy Hardcore by genre , but the songs on disc one are so much more than the joyous garbage of years past . The buildups , the breakdowns ... a constant uplift of emotion and energy that extends beyond the limiting realm of `` Happy '' Hardcore . `` Hand Of God , '' `` Heaven Knows , '' and `` The Angel '' are my favorites.now for disc two ... I 'm listening to it now ... and it 's not nearly as good . For those that are WAY into the Happy sound , this will be right up your alley , but not quite my style . `` Oblivion '' is probably my favorite , and it 's a big favorite.The 4 out of five stars is due to this second CD , inferior to the first.I mean , come on , `` SWEETHEART '' ?? Let 's leave that in the hands of Britney Spears circa ' 98 . So there you have it , nice uplift , great tempo , and a bit of Drum n ' Bass and straight Hardcore mixed into the middle of some tracks , make this album awesome , and more than I expected.But disc two is undeniably IRRITATING until `` Oblivion '' is mixed in ... whew . I love that one . `` Darkness ... welcome to oblivion ''
 I got the album as a gift for my mom for Christmas shortly after its release . It has a great mix of old-time favorites and new classics with the Dartt 's special twist . The Dartts are a family who are n't afraid to have a little fun ! In fact , There are about 20 minutes of OUTTAKES at the end-not to mention a smarty-pants dummy named stanley -LRB- no relation to me of course -RRB- . If your a big Christmas person , GET THIS ALBUM !!!
 An album full of well-written songs , both lyrically and musically , surrounded by ringing guitars and the occasional organ.The vocals may not be for everyone but they do bring the emotions across.It 's an interesting mix of Scandinavian melancholy and veryNew York-sounding rock . Nice cover too .
 ok , well , i heard zoot suit riot on the radio , went out and bought the cd . I LOVED IT . so a couple of months later I bought this one , `` rapid city muscle car . '' Quite frankly , i did n't like it . I put it away for a while . When I started to like rock and ska more , I got it back out and started listening to it . I listened to some of the tracks , grew to love some of them , avoided the rest . Then one day , I was in a , well , mood , where I just put it on , and well , more of the songs grew on me . I listened to the entire CD every day , just lettin ' it run , u know . I started to learn the words and started to feel the music , and the great , let me stress that , GREAT , lyrics , got me to thinkin ' this ai n't no ordinary band . I would start singing in school , it was to the point where I would wan na go home just to listen to it ! -LRB- if i was n't doing anything more useful than sittin ' at a friends house -RRB- I mean I have not bought a full length CD in like a year , besides the CPD ! why u ask ? because I did n't need to ! I mean i bought singles and everything but this CD , and the Zoot Suit Riot CD have kept me goin ' for like a year and a half now . So let me tell you ppl who came to read my review , if you think this cd is swing , well it is a little , but if you 're like me and all you lived for was swing , consider this cd the revolution in your life . it sure changed me , and i guarantee you it 'll change you - It got your swing , some rock , punk , ska , even a touch o ' country . no matter , you 'll love it , so buy it .
 Great Cherry Poppin ' Daddies . An eclectic mix -- as usual . With this kind of variety , you may not like every tune -- but , you 're bound to find something new you like , if your a CPD fan .
 This really is n't for complete swing fanatics . I LOVED this recording -LRB- maybe because there are more than one referances to my home town -RRB- ! It has a great diverse sound that really gets your toe tapping especially if your into more of a unique retro sound -LRB- the album was cut in 94 ' -RRB- . As far as content , it 's A + all the way , baby !!! Not much swearing even for the punk-ska sound that they play so well , and the horn licks snuck into each track make the CD an absolute keeper ! This wo n't be collecting much dust , unless of course it 's the case because this one 's a spinner ... !
 This is the music you can * really * get into , making the car bounce at red lights and the windows rattle at home . There is NOT ONE BAD TRACK on this CD ! Buy several for gifts !
 This is one of the best CDs the Cherry Poppin Daddies have ever recored . If your thinking of buying this CD , GET IT ! My favorite songs are # 2 Sockable Face , # 6 Mr. White Keys , -LRB- Really good song -RRB- and # 14 Come back to me . This is the best so get it now !
 Wow is all you can say after listening to this cd wich is 10 times better than zoot suit riot for one reason , diversity , if you can find any other bands that have a swingin rockabilly song followed by a punk-ska song followed by light jimi hendrix rock then swing into funk please notify me of that band immediately . If there were 10 stars possible it would of got a ten it is flawless artistry . Plus I got this particular cd autographed so all the better
 The Daddies have a great combination of punk , ska , and swing on this album . This is a must for anyone who likes blaring brass mixed with punkish guitar sounds.Even better is that the album is named after my old hometown , Rapid City , and has a song , Skyline Drive , named after the most well known street in town . Plus Hazel SD is less than 50 miles from my home in Brookings SD.If anyone knows what the connection is between the Daddies and Rapid City SD , please email me .
 Of the four CD 's this is with out a doubt the best . there is n't a song on this CD that i do n't LOVE . I 've had it in my CD player for the past week and have n't taken it out yet . Anyone who ca n't find at least one song on this they do n't like is out of they 're mind and has no musical taste .
 If you do n't love these guys from the moment you press play , there must be something wrong with your stereo . It was love at first note for me and they still make my adrenalin pump over a year -LRB- and 2 concerts -RRB- later . CPD is definately a happening band no matter what your favorite music category happens to be . And of course check out their compilation album Zoot Suit Riot .
 This CD is for the true fans of Cherry Poppin ' Daddies . The music has more of a modern beat than from when Swing was `` in '' back in the day , which is really cool . Some of the songs are repeated from their other CD 's , but that 's ok because you can never get enough of them !!
 the daddies are for you . i am lucky enough to own all of their work and with the exception of ferociously stoned -LRB- their first release -RRB- , they are all awesome . this is my # 1 favorite cd out of all their work . an adventure in musical styles , you will be surprised with every song .
 Everything I was ever looking for in music , I found in Rapid City Muscle Car . Skyline Drive is one of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard . It is probably the most diverse album you can get and all of the musicians are as talanted as they come . I picked up the CD in an obscure shop on a vacation in Virginia , and it really is all I can remember about the trip . Do n't get me wrong , I was n't saying that Virginia was borning , that 's just how powerful this album was . Okay maybe a little boring ... Do yourself a favor and pick this one up , or at least listen to the samples . All of them .
 Great song on this one like Equus and Bobby Kennedy and a few swing but if your herrington approves of it . Get it oh yes hehe herrington !!!!!
 The Cherry Poppin Daddies are a wonderful band . I really like this CD . Infact out of the four it is my favorite . It has all different kinds of music . The Lyrics are touching . As I said it before they are a wonderful band !
 That famous line from Sam Phillips about Chester Arthur Burnett , Howlin ' Wolf , is best illustrated by this disc - the best single disc collection of the Mighty Wolf 's earliest recording period out of the Sun studios . Forget the recording flaws and just listen to how it was the Wolf made his rep in the first place - not just his soul-deep phrasing and singular vocal sound but the flat-out rawest blues group in the United States in the early 1950s , including Willie Johnson , arguably the inventor of guitar distortion and fuzz . He was n't exactly the creme de la creme of guitar soloists - his few solos are elementary and passable - but as an accompanist who pumped his boss to the absolute crest of his blues power , Johnson was in a class by himself and , ultimatley , influenced a generation of the first rock guitar heroes , from Rick Burlison of the Rock and Roll Trio to Link Wray , as well as his successor and lifelong Wolf partner Hubert Sumlin . The rhythm section is so dead-on dropping on the backbeat that it was surely an influence on future soul rhythm sections . And , in case you were wondering , these cuts also make the case for Wolf as the top-rank blues songwriter he was right out of the box . Great as Muddy Waters was , this disc makes the case that , in the long term , maybe Howlin ' Wolf had the better of the real deep blues . Maybe .
 I have plenty of Wolf in my LP collection but not like this . His early Sun recording 's are his best . For me the early recording 's are just the best Blues that was done for these Chicago Blues great 's of The Wolf , M.Waters , & the guy 's of that era.know wonder it 's more money for early recording 's it 's more worth having.I think it 's safe to say The Wolf would agree along with his buddy 's thar early playin ' was best in every way.Len !
 They had it for a Great price . It was well packed . And the shipping was fast . Two thumbs up .
 First of all I 'd like to point out that these girls are NOT lesbians . It may have been an act but in the words of lena -LRB- the red-head -RRB- `` We never said we were lesbians , we just love each other '' Ok , now the disc is pure amazing joy ! Yes they can sing !! These girls give electronic pop techno a new meaning ! they really know how to hit it off . Every song is worth mention in this album ! they all talk about stuff you could understand and like ! If you like this album check out their russian counterpart , which dare I say is even better ! They also have a new album `` Dangerous and Moving '' and it also is terribly good . Check them out !
 I have this complex where I just ca n't give this group a five simply because they do not write the lyrics for this album -LRB- which , might I add were splendid . -RRB- I was first introduced to TATU by a bisexual friend of mine , and being bisexual , of course she owned the album . It 's dance music with a twist . No , not the whole lesbian-themes issue , but with actual thoughts behind the words and emotion behind the vocals . I 'll admit
 Who cares ! This album is really amazing , the first time i listened All the things she said i was shocked by what i was hearing , a great song with an outrageous chorus . Not gon na Get us is very good too . Show me love is a song i can lsiten over and over again , i love the chorus . 30 Minutes is one of my favorites songs in this album , is a very dark sad but good ballad . They covered The Smiths ' How soon is now ? in an excellent way , i love The Smiths and this cover is great ! Clowns -LRB- can you see me now -RRB- is gorgeous , i love the `` floting forest in the air '' phrase . Malchik Gay is very fun to listen to . Stars one of the best ballad songs ever made , i like the russian rap part of this song . Ya shosla s uma , nas ne diagonat are excellent and the extended remix is perfect!if you have n't bought this album , go for it now . and also you should look for thier new album coming this october `` dangerous and Moving '' which first single `` all about us '' is the perfect come back song !
 I have had this CD for almost 3 years and I havent written a review , well here I go . I kind of wanted to save this for when their new CD is out , and I actually already have it . The sounds on both the CDs vary . Whilst the songs here are catchy and beautiful on their second album their voices are improved and the music is amazing there too . I first fell in love with T.a.t.u. in summer 2002 when I heard thier single `` All the things she said . '' and fell in love with it and I would listen to the radio until it played it . Then the day it came out I went and bought it at Best Buy for $ 7 . Not bad for a new and great CD that I listen to more than anything else in my collection . My favorite songs off the CD are
 As said in other countless reviews , many believe that the only reason people buy this album is because of the controversy that t.A.T.u has created . They may have confessed their lesbian image but the chemistry is still there . The album is indeed all about them , love or no love . You do n't have to be sexually in love when you say you love someone . It 's all about chemistry and Lena and Yulia certainly have it.And after almost 3 years of silence , no my dear readers they have not disappeared into the icky world of one hit wonders , Lena and Yulia are back with their long awaited sophomore Dangerous and Moving in which the new single All About Us will hit the airwavews this month or on the 1st of September . This time it 's just them and the music , with no chauvinisitic producer/manager Ivan Shapovalov to drag around .
 The debut album by t.A.T.u. is a very unique album . It can not be branded into any one genre of music , and it is certainly a far cry from today 's mainstream music disaster . This album describes the relationships of two teenage girls in love . This may seem controversial to many people , but the thought-provoking lyrics and instense music really help shape them into a unique and different band . Some songs , such as Not Gon na Get Us , All The Things She said , and Clowns , have pounding beats and meaningful lyrics . Others such as 30 Minutes and Stars show you the more mellower side of t.A.T.u. Every song describes different things young lesbians must go through . Thoughts of running away to be together -LRB- Not Gon na Get Us , All The Things She Said -RRB- , being accepted by other people for who they are -LRB- How Soon Is Now ? , Clowns -RRB- , or showing love to one another -LRB- Show Me Love , Stars -RRB- are all common themes in this album . The only song that does not bare a lesbian image is Malchik Gay , and it still has a theme dealing with homosexuality . Malchik Gay translates into `` Gay Boy '' and it talks about a girl falling for a gay boy . If I had to classify this album into a genre , i would call it dancepop . For those of you who think t.A.T.u. have faded into oblivion , do n't worry , their english sophomore release , `` Dangerous and Moving '' , will be released in America October 18th and their russian sophomore release , `` Lyudi-Invalidi -LRB- Invalid People -RRB- '' will be released October 17th . Their first single off of that album , `` All About Us '' will hit radios September 1st . I reccommend buying this album . You will not be disappointed .
 When I first heard the song `` All the Things She Said '' on the radio , I was addicted at the age of 12 . Now I am 15 and I finally got around to buying it recently . I also loved the song `` Not Gon na Get Us '' , which was also popular and is also uncluded with this CD . The two songs I mentioned above are some of the best included , and a couple others I enjoyed were `` Clowns '' and `` How Soon Is Now '' . I have to admit that `` Malchik Gay '' was a little weird , but it 's was n't as weird as some of the Disney songs kids are listening to now.Julia and Lena -LRB- the members of t.A.T.u. -RRB- are from Russia and have the prettiest voices I have ever heard . I definitely think I spent my money well . Please do n't let the fact that they are seem Lesbian keep you from buying this , because their music is just as good as it would 've been if they were straight.This CD also has a music video of `` All the Things She Said '' included . Hope I could help !
 When I saw them for the first time in their video All The Things She Said the truth terrifies me , but later already you me toward normal to see two small lesbians , the truth still waits a second album although you that that is to dream , left me very initiate wanted to listen but music of them but you already finishes this DUET so good , all the songs of the Cd are good , them and their producers made this material with much care made it perfect , Small the stranger ! return .
 This lesbian drama - russian style is a great concept album . It 's campy fun with a socio-political message . Their love is so strong that , against all odds , they will fight to be together . The album is produced very well w / Trevor Horn at the helm . The catchy songs have a dark dramatic sound , yet the girls ' high pitched voices have a youthful earnest energy . I envision them fleeing from the state police and german shepherds are chasing them over a dark barren landscape w / lots of barbed wire . Like I said it 's a concept album that 's very much over the top , but that 's what makes it so much fun . I like the Russian feel to it too . The piano solo in `` 30 minutes '' reminds me of `` Nadia 's Theme '' . The last song , Stars , starts off with a sweet voice singing `` how did we ever go this far , you touch my hand and start the car ... '' Then the other one starts rapping in Russian . I do n't know what she 's saying , but the desperate determination conveyed in her voice is best left to the imagination ... let 's get the * # * ^ # @ * out of here ! The song ends abruptly with beeeeeeep ... fill in the blank ... maybe they crashed -LRB- maybe they did a Thelma and Louise and drove over a cliff -RRB- , maybe they escaped or ... to be continued . The cd takes you on a journey where the girls must escape an oppressive society to `` someplace where no one calls it wrong '' . As a gay man living in America , life is pretty good , but there still is prejudism and injustice so I can relate to the girls ' drama on a symbolic level or as a gay nightmare .
 This is the best CD that I have ever heard in these modern times . The downfall of tATu is thanks to their false lesbianism , and if they had not pretended but just put out their music , they would have been the world 's biggest group . I truly and honestly believe that . It 's very immoral to fake homosexuality for profit , but it did n't work out anyway.But they left behind some of the best dance tracks ever recorded in their shadow . . Every lyric -LRB- mostly from dance genius Trevor Horn or manager Ivan Shapovalov -RRB- seems masterfully penned , from track one to track eight -LRB- Yes , there are eight unique tracks on this CD -RRB- and every note seems perfectly plotted . The dark `` Clowns '' strikes a string in your heart , the solemn and powerful cover -LRB- dare I say better than the original ? -RRB- of `` How Soon Is Now ? '' is breathtaking , and the poetic flow of `` Not Gon na Get Us '' leaves the listener only wanting more from tATu.Their CD is certified Gold in the United States . And I swear on my life it would have been multi-platinum had they been marketed correctly instead of fake lesbians.The best CD of the millenium thus far , based on quality over quantity . I honestly think that . -LRB- That is ... if you can put up with the manufactured voice here and there . . most seems real , though in dog-whistle tone . . -RRB- BOTTOM LINE
 This is the best cd I 've heard in years !!!
 I absolutely love this album . I think that the music and whole message behind their music is awesome . BUT , I expected more than 8 songs on the album . Track 9-10 is a translation of tracks 1 and 2 into Russian -LRB- but they 're really good ! they sound even better in Russian ! -RRB- And Track 11 is just a repeat of track 3 only 30 seconds longer . BUT this album is outstanding anyway ...
 I was sceptical , at first , to buy the t.A.T.u. album because I had only heard the girls ' first single . Although I loved the first single `` All the Things She Said '' , I was n't sure if I 'd be happy with the entire album . But after listening to the entire thing , I just ca n't seem to stop listening to it . The girls have a very unique sound and , to me , they sound like nobody else out there ! And yes , the lesbian aspect . Well , all I can say it that the lesbian factor makes me give them all the more respect , they are n't afraid to be themselves ! And if you do n't like lesbians , let me tell you it does n't even matter ; these songs ROCK !
 think of this . . no matter who listens , they all love it . . no matter what they think of the girl 's image and/or sexual preference , they always have opinions . . people want to listen , people want to see them everywhere . . even the homophobes in the world listen despite being afraid of the world turning into raging homosexuals . . funny thing is this , if you love tatu music , you love tatu . . i love every song on this cd . . i recommend it and all their others to everyone i know : -RRB-
 There new sound is great . There a couple songs in russian which is very awsome .
 This album shows true talent . . one of the only real talents in pop today.great songs backed by great voices , the album is great from start to finish , `` all the things she said '' and `` show me love '' are just two songs that stand out for me but theres not a dull part on that cd.you dont have to be a fan of pop music to enjoy this album either , just someone who is looking for talented new artist to listen to.with all the controversy surrounding these girls that better proves the buzz they are already making.the best thing to do is to pick this cd up and hear for yourself why T.A.T.U. is making such a buzz
 `` 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane '' by T.A.T.U. is OUTSTANDING !!! All the songs are great to listen to over and over again !!! I first heard of T.A.T.U. last year on a Russian CD my girlfriend had . We did not realize until Feb 2003 that they were a hit here in the U.S. and we were able to catch them on MTVs TRL and MAD TV.I purchased the CD for my wife -LRB- was my girlfriend -RRB- for Women 's Day -LRB- March 8 -RRB- . We both LOVE it !!
 `` 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane '' by T.A.T.U. is OUTSTANDING ! All the songs are great to listen to over and over again !!! I first heard of T.A.T.U. last year on a Russian CD my girlfriend had . We did not realize until Feb 2003 that they were a hit here in the U.S. and we were able to catch them on MTVs TRL and MAD TV . I purchased the CD for my wife ... We both LOVE it !!
 do n't let T.A.T.U 's lesbian background prevents you from picking this album home . after listening to `` all the things she said '' on a site , i am in love with their music , and decide to buy this album , and the quality of the cd has proven that my choice is right . the quality of the album is amazing ! the lyrics are well written , and the music is excellent and original ! T.A.T.U sure can sing well ! I recommended `` All the Things she said '' -LRB- both english and russian version -RRB- , `` Not gon na get us '' , `` Show Me Love '' , `` 30 Minutes '' , and `` Stars '' .
 do n't let T.A.T.U 's lesbian background prevents you from picking this album home . after listening to `` all the things she said '' on a site , i am in love with their music , and decide to buy this album , and the quality of the cd has proven that my choice is right . the quality of the album is amazing ! the lyrics are well written , and the music is excellent and original ! T.A.T.U sure can sing well ! I recommended `` All the Things she said '' -LRB- both english and russian version -RRB- , `` Not gon na get us '' , `` Show Me Love '' , `` 30 Minutes '' , and `` Stars '' .
 I am a HUGE t.A.T.u fan
 Settled between two years that contained large amounts of quality music , the year 2002 seemed to be a musical slump -LRB- with a few notable exceptions -RRB- . One of such exceptions was the controversial group Tatu . Consisting of Russian teenagers Yulia Volkova and Lena Katina , the group was marketed as a lesbian couple facing the challenges of the unforgiving world . Some people believed the ploy , while others passed it off as a gimmick . The truth ? Well it was a bit of both . One of the girls is bisexual , while the other is straight . But in all honesty , that does n't even matter . What matters is the quality of the music on their albums . While the songs are intended to be about the girls and their relationship , they can be applied to any relationship ; a fact that was overlooked while most people were debating about the sexualities of the singers . `` Not Gon na Get Us '' sets up a common , recurring theme throughout the album
 As A 15 Year Old Music fan I Think The Girls Of t.A.T.u. Are Positive Role Models And They Sure Know How To Make Addictive Music . When I First Got Into This Group I heard Chat About `` All The Things She Said '' , I Heard It On A Weekly radio Show At The Time I Didnt Care What It Was I Just Wanted To Hear Rap , Than I decided To Give The Girls A Chance , And Later I Discovered A Song Called `` Not Gon na Get us '' , This Is Total Hardcore Dance Music , I heard It On A Radio Show And thatS The reason Why I purchased This CD . t.A.T.u Know Quite A Bit About `` Love '' And How To Express Their Feelings For Eachother As Displayed On `` Show Me Love '' -LRB- A Rock-Based Song , Where They Attempt To use The F Word -RRB- , And `` Malchik Gay '' , Where They Sound Like They Are Having Lots Of Fun Expressing Their Feelings . All The Songs On This CD Are Good , Thats Why It Got A 5 Star rating , The Russian Versions Of `` All the Things She Said '' And `` Not Gon na Get Us '' Are Very Enjoyable To listen To And Its Fun To Try To Understand What They Are Saying . My Only Problem With This CD IS The Length Because Technically They 're Are Only 8 Songs Because They 're Is Just Another Version Of `` Shoe Me Love '' Which Sounds The Same , And The 2 Russian Songs . `` 30 Minutes '' Is A Great Ballad I Only Wish that It Would Countinue For 30 Minutes , If You Are Happy Which I Am , You Will Enjoy The Message This CD Puts Out , And The Positive Messsages Make us Think That WE CAN LOVE TO ! `` Can You See Me Now '' Is Another Dance Song Well Its Called `` Clowns '' But Thats A Scary Title Because I Dont Understand Why they Are Talkign About Clowns . The Russian/English Song `` Stars '' , Finds One Of The t.A.T.u Girls Singing Ballad Over A Violin And The Other Rapping In Russian , its A Nice Mix . Overall This CD Will Not Disappoint Any Music Fan -LRB- Hopefully -RRB- , Because These Girls Really Got Their Priorites Straight . I Hope To See More From Them In The Future!From ya BoyChris -LRB- 15 year Old Music Fan -RRB-
 t.A.T.u are the hottest pop stars in the world ! 200km/h In The Wrong Lane is a stylish and awesomely fab debut . These Russian girls just rule in the world of pop . I 'll give U my personal review on the songs : Not Gon na Get Us : Catchy , upbeat , liquid pop . Julia 's vocals are stronger than fast acting mouthwash . It 's very good , it 's quite unique on this album8/10All The Things She Said : This is just as catchy as Not Gon na Get Us . I never get sick of this track , it really is Running Through You Head ! 9/10Show Me Love : Rock/pop with an awesome edge . This one stands out , it just has something wicked in it . The chorus has a great impact , like no other . Pure `` Alternative Rock . `` 10/1030 Minutes : A lot calmer than the rest of the tracks . The piano in this sounds beautiful , and it is a really beautiful song , however , it 's not exactly my type of song ! It 's great to unwind and chill out too though .6 / 10How Soon Is Now ? : This is very different from any other of the tracks , probably because it 's a cover . I 've never heard the original , but I 'm not sure that it could sound better ! 9/10Clowns -LRB- Can You See Me Now ? -RRB- I can definitely see into this one . Awesome beat , and well-woven lyrics make this one track that you can not miss .9 / 10Malchik GayHmm . This is a mixture . It 's got the lyrics of All The Things She Said and the music ... it 's a mystery how they got that idea . Nice medium tempo , I like the little disco style bit near the end .7 / 10StarsLena sings in English , Julia raps in Russian . A nice , smooth track , the voices go well together at the end .7 / 10Ya Shosla S Uma -LRB- I 'm Going Mad -RRB- : The Russian version of ATTSS , Julia + Lena sound more comfortable singing in Russian .9.5 / 10Nas Ne Dagoniat -LRB- They Wo n't Catch Us -RRB- : The Russian version of NGGU . The voices are again better , and the translation is along the same lines as the English version . I like this better than NGGU .8.5 / 10Show Me Love -LRB- Extended Version -RRB- Even better than the other Show Me Love , cos it 's longer & twice as good ! I ca n't get it out of my brain ! 10.5 / 1030 Minutes -LRB- Remix -RRB- I do n't like this one . I think they mixed some Russian lyrics in here at the end . I do n't like it , it 's too long and dreary . I 'd skip this track , unless you want to listen to a boring song for 5 and a half minutes .4 / 10Malchik Gay -LRB- Remix -RRB- If you get ATTSS in a blender with pineapple juice , this is what you get . As smooth song all round , with great background style you can only get in a remix . Awesome ! 8.5 / 10Ne Ver , Ne Boisia : I was rooting for Russia in the Eurovision , so it 's no wonder I like this track ! They sing all about Kto-to -LRB- Someone -RRB- and the chorus is Do n't Trust , Do n't Fear and Do Not Ask . Awesome Russian rock9 .5 / 10The DVD with this has t.A.T.u interviews and Behind-The-Scenes footage . Also includes their three English music videos . Julia ca n't speak much English , however Lena translates her Russian , and can speak English very well.THIS IS A GREAT CD , A MUST FOR ANY t.A.T.u FAN !
 this cd rocks . I love the songs `` All The Things She Said '' , `` Not Gon na Get Us '' , `` How Soon Is Now ? '' & '' Show Me Love '' . They are definetly the best girl band of the planet.This cd is definetly one of the best ever recorded . My other favourite cd 's are Dannii Minogue - `` Neon Lights '' , Craig David - `` Slicker Than Your Average '' , Avril Lavigne - `` Let Go '' , Busted - `` Busted '' , Sugababes - `` Angels With Dirty Faces '' & Gorillaz - `` Gorillaz ''
 this cd rocks . I love the songs `` All The Things She Said '' , `` Not Gon na Get Us '' , `` How Soon Is Now ? '' & '' Show Me Love '' . They are definetly the best girl band of the planet.This cd is definetly one of the best ever recorded . My other favourite cd 's are Dannii Minogue - `` Neon Lights '' , Craig David - `` Slicker Than Your Average '' , Avril Lavigne - `` Let Go '' , Busted - `` Busted '' , Sugababes - `` Angels With Dirty Faces '' & Gorillaz - `` Gorillaz ''
 I love lesbians . If you do not love lesbians the I will be force to gather fellow comrades and use Soviet Union to crush all that oppose ! STALIN LIVES !!!
 I recently moved to the USA -LRB- for a temporary time -RRB- and was overwhelmed by the difference in American and European music . My favorite remains Europop but i 'm takin a liking to American music.The t.A.T.u. album rocks and they do too !!!! Usually when I buy an album from other artists I end up regretting it because 3/4 of the album is unlike the music that is launched as a single . But this album is electrifying all the way ! the lesbian image is faux -LRB- everyone knows by now -RRB- but people nowadays think so much about an artist 's background they forget the music :1 . Not Gon na Get Us
 t.A.T.u is the best example of shock and awe pop . Virtually every song in the album is classic and perfected by two girls that can sing . People need to look beyond their `` lesbian '' image . What their sexual orientation is to only be concerned by them . The fact is these girls are very talented and are going to be huge pop sensations . t.A.T.u Rocks !
 Hey , `` Tatu Stinks ! '' , I voted a big NO on your review being helpful as you had a few sentences that did n't even make sense , -LRB- i.e. , `` they look like their everywhere when you look at them by analyzing . '' and `` know this none of Tatu 's videos appeared on muchmore music but Avril lavigne 's did . '' -RRB- WHAT ?? Two other reviews I read used the word `` embarrasing . '' Embarrasing for who ? `` A pop duo for the dirty old man in all of us '' ???? I for one like there music , have ordered there cd , and could care less about there sexual orientation or image .
 I heard about t.A.T.u about half a year ago from a friend . I heard a lot of their Russian songs , and I loved all of them . That 's why I was so excited to hear that they were coming out with a English album . It 's hard to put t.A.T.u 's music in a certian musical category , it 's a mix of lots of kinds of music . The lyrics to their songs are great . I 'm bisexual so I can relate so most of the songs , but even my friends who are straight can find something that they can relate to . I ca n't pick one song that stands out on the album , they are all amazing ! Anyone who has enjoyed their first single off this album , `` All The Things She Said '' , will enjoy this album.So , if you are still debating whether to get ' 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane ' , go ahead and get it ! I promise you wo n't be disappointed !
 This CD is a great listen . I think that my biggest problem with it is the small amount of `` new '' songs , and the short running time . Of the 11 tracks , 3 are different versions of songs already on the album , only giving us 8 `` new '' songs . Not that I do n't appreciate the inclusion of the original Russian versions of `` All The Things She Said '' and `` Not Gon na Get Us '' , just that a few more original songs would have been appreciated.My favorite song on this CD would have to be `` Stars '' . The Russian rap really makes the song , giving it a different feel and a different flow . I also loved the remake of `` How Soon Is Now ? '' where I think Julia and Lena 's voices are shown off well . I think the most disappointing track would have to be `` Malchick Gay '' . The song does n't flow at all . The chorus feels awkward and stiff , and coming just before `` Stars '' , `` Malchick Gay '' simply pales in comparison .
 when i first heard their single `` all the things she said '' i was blown away by how amazing and powerful it was and after downloading other songs by the duo i knew i had to get this because it was so different from anything i 've ever heard before.the only thing that bothered me was that i really really want to get the album in russian as well but i have no idea where to order it from and i do n't understand the language so it makes it even more difficult ... i wish you could order it here.but aside from that ... i hope everyone goes out and buys it , it 's amazing !!
 I love this cd . I got it for christmas , and have been listening to it ever since . I know all the words , to every songs , even the Russian untranslated ones !
 200 km/h in the wrong lane - TATU is a great album because it is varied for all age groups.Just because they act like lesbians has attracted lots of attention to the extent of people threatning to sue because it is APPARENTLY promoting underage lesbian relationships well thats the media for you ! But the truth is the sucess that the album has brought for Lena and Julia has nothing to do with the way they act it is because thay are great singers who sing great songs ! The cover of the smiths - How soon is now is one of my favourites on the album and they have done that song great justice ! Being at no1 in the uk chart is proving that they have talent ! I rate this album 5 STARS ! GOOD WORK GIRLS !
 My first instinct was to pass up the album . The first single was great , but it was hard for me to get past the `` teenage lesbian '' hype-up . I was left asking the question , `` But can they sing ? '' The answer
 t.A.T.u. 's new CD is wonderful . All the songs are well done , and their style and unique sound is refreshing . I 've gotten many people hooked on t.A.T.u. and I , myself am a huge fan . They 're songs are unique and I like them . This CD is a must for anyone who liked there song `` All The Things She Said '' which is currently running on TRL . ...
 From the moment I first heard the first song on the album , I was awed by the passion that Lena and Julia have in their singing . They sing from the heart , not worrying about what other might say or think . They sing about their love for each other . A love that just happens to be between two girls . I say , good for you . All that matters is that they love each other and that 's all you need.Not only do they speak from the heart , but they sound awesome too . They can harmonize so well . Their use of trance music mixed with some pop give it an incredible sound , and rhythm . It 's by far one of the best albums I have ever heard .
 I thought this album had everything you need it had beaty song moving songs and totally amazing ones . i thought it was great i havent heard an album that i ave just kept listening to for ages i recommend it to anyone . even tho there has been bad press they have expressed there feelings well and i think every1 should have a copy of this album cus you will love it i did . buy it it rules !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 T.a.t.u 's album `` 200km/h in the wrong lane '' is a perfect style for all ages as it has very mixed styles from song to song . There is a cover version of `` How soon is now ? '' which was originally released by The Smiths . I think they have done that song great justice ! I particularly like track number 1 on the album as it resembles the sound of `` prodigy '' and if that was the sound they were aiming for they have done a great job ! With the style of music in the album it is proving to be a success for Julia and Lena and with three weeks at number one in the UK chart under their belt it is bound to go even further !
 Though t.A.T.u. seem to be playing the `` lesbian '' angle of their personas up as much , if not more , than their actual music , said music presented on their debut is actually pretty good , disposable though it may seem . First single `` All The Things She Said '' is a nice , propulsive blend of Europop and techno , with a slight alternative edge . Other highly addictive tracks include `` Not Gon na Get Us '' , `` Show Me Love '' , and a love-it-or-hate-it cover of the Smiths ' `` How Soon Is Now ? '' -LRB- high camp , though not nearly as bad as you would think -RRB- . Vocally , their chirpy , untrained singing might suggest the second coming of Bananarama , and their stilted English might grate on some . But for pure ear candy , it beats the pants off anything that 's come out of American teen popsters of late -- anyone dying to hear Britney 's `` I Love Rock 'N' Roll '' karaoke disaster again ? Did n't think so .
 When I first heard All the Things She Said , I knew this was an album I 'd have to buy . It was just so cute and poignant and different from everything else being played . But this was a good month before the cd was released here and so I did a mad frantic hunt on all the mp3 search engines to find more stuff by this duet . What I found was the Russian language release by these girls . There are a few different track on the Russian cd , a few the two albums share in common , and guess what ? After hearing their English cd , I like them both equally . Both cds are fun , sport some great dance tracks , and have some great down tempo moments . If you like 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane , do n't hesitate to look for the Russian language version -- 200 Po Vstrecnoj . You wo n't regret it !
 T.A.T.U. 's debut with their crossover CD is something that I 've been waiting for impatiently since the release of thier AWSOME SINGLE `` All The Things She Said '' . Since the first time I heard that song in my friend 's car , I felt obligated to go out and buy the single to start with ; we kept playing it on and on in the car singing along loudly . Then the CD came out , and it was amazing to hear all the different songs on it ; the style of singing and the music is differen from all the recycled music that we get these days , T.A.T.U. 's music is totally refreshing ; they have a very unique style of music -LRB- the way they play the guitars is great !! -RRB- and their voices are very beautiful , and the lyrics are wonderful . Buy this CD and dont hesitate , you wo n't regret it at all !!
 i did n't like what the editor 's review had to say about t.a.t.u 's cd ! i love t.a.t.u and they sing great ! i love their music -LRB- not only their act -RRB- . and i have a great feeling they 're going to invade the u.s. by storm and bring household pop to a new meaning and perspective ! they will reinvent pop and will be very big , i feel this to be true . i want to say , i bought their english cd , and have bought their russian cd as well . they rock !!! beautiful music , great voices , and wonderful lyrics ! there could n't have been a better band out there than t.a.t.u !!!
 I had heard a few of t.A.T.u. 's songs over the internet and thougth `` Hey , they sound pretty good ! '' I went out and bought this CD . On the car ride home I instantly fell in love with the music . The instruments sound wonderful and their voices are amazing for lack of a better word .1 . Not Gon na Get Us
 It is a mood-pick-me-up ! I really like it . It makes me feel free and happy ! : -RRB-
 Their music is great ! It 's fresh and refreshing . Sure , Nas ne Dagionat sounds a million times better in Russian -LRB- Theyr ' e not gon na get us -RRB- I wish it came with more Russian songs . It comes with 2 and 2 that are only partially Russian . But one I think sounds absolutely great in both English and Russian is ` All the things she said ' Listen to this song ! It rules . The music video is great too . Please ignore the kisses and look at the song 's meaning . It shows how society does n't let us be free . I love it and I 'm not lesbian . Anyway , this is a great CD although it could use a few more Russian tracks . It has few songs but they are all really good . By the way , ` Malchik gay ' is Russian for ` gay boy ' . It 's a really cute song about a girl who is inlove with a guy who is gay and she knows she does n't have a chance . If you like music that is upbeat yet depressing at the same time -LRB- I know I do ! -RRB- then get this cd . ^_~
 I never would have listened to this album if a friend had n't forced me to . An english version of a Russian pop sensation ? I just did n't see the appeal . And yet once I began listening , I just could n't stop . Yes , the lyrics are repetitive , but somehow these girls just pull you in.Be prepared , you 'll find yourself singing these songs under your breath everywhere you go . And when someone asks you what you 're doing , turn them on to this incredible music .
 this album is the most refreshing burst of music that i have heard in a long time . it has angst , humor , love and a hint of mystery with the two russian tracks . and the fact that the tracks were in russian lets the audio consumer hear what the girls of tATu wanted us to hear , and how much it lost when it was translated to english.buy this if you want an album that does n't require you as the listener to skip most of the tracks , all of the tracks are a joy to listen to .
 I first heard of t.A.T.u through my younger sister . I loved the single `` All the things she said '' and when I bought the album I loved all their songs . It is a fantastic album and the mixture of dance and pop work really well.My only problem is that one of the tracks `` stars '' has large sections in russian and as I dont speak russian I dont know what they are singing about.but that is my only problem . The album is superb and I will be looking out for future releases from the duo .
 This album was long awaited and did not dissapoint me . The first single -LRB- All the things she said -RRB- is strong and well put together . It lodges itself into your head and you find yourself humming the tune many a time!At times the other songs reminded me of the high pitch voice of Vanessa Paradis , but the lyrics and the way they portrait the song are beyond that comparison , it is a lot more to the core . The Russian lyrics do give that sence of exotic and ` newwie ' feel to the album . The cover of the ` charmed ' theme song -LRB- How Soon Is Now -RRB- is a good choice although the performance could have been more powerful and deeper.The first song should not have been there or should have been better written . Lyrics are not good and it does n't fit the music . Apart from that this album is well worth buying.Best Song
 This album was long awaited and did not dissapoint me . The first single -LRB- All the things she said -RRB- is strong and well put together . It lodges itself into your head and you find yourself humming the tune many a time!At times the other songs reminded me of the high pitch voice of Vanessa Paradis , but the lyrics and the way they portrait the song are beyond that comparison , it is a lot more to the core . The Russian lyrics do give that sence of exotic and ` newwie ' feel to the album . The cover of the ` charmed ' theme song -LRB- How Soon Is Now -RRB- is a good choice although the performance could have been more powerful and deeper.The first song should not have been there or should have been better written . Lyrics are not good and it does n't fit the music . Apart from that this album is well worth buying.Best Song
 Well , it 's been less then a week since i 've had the album and already i 've listened to it about 25 to 30 times . I 'm already a member of the team and frequently visit the site . I usually do n't listen to pop of any nationality . I listen to the kind of music you 'd expect skaters to listen to . But it the week i 've had it , me and ALL of my skater friends are constantly murmering the hit `` All the Things She Said , '' and none of us are getting tired of it either . If I had to rate this album on a scale of 1 to 10 , I would rate it a 9.2 . Not a whole 10 but pretty close . The songs are catchy but they repeat their lines in several places . But since they are so catch , it 's not really a bothersome thing . So , if I were you -LRB- assuming you do n't have the album -RRB- , i 'd run out as fast as possible to ge it . Trust me , if a skater group can listen to it , I think you could . It 's well worth it .
 If you have n't heard about TATU , expect to soon ! Their fantastic single , `` All The Things She Said , '' is being played more often in stores , movies , and on television . Although I have n't been a fan of TATU very long , when I first heard their music , I knew it would be popular . I highly recommend buying this album if you like pop , Europop , or dance/techno . . If you 're still not sure , try listening to clips of `` All The Things She Said , '' `` Not Gon na Get Us , '' or `` Show Me Love . '' All the songs have great chorus and pretty beats :D For more information , you can go to the official TATU site ...
 I love the song `` All The Things She Said '' , but actually I love all the songs . I have to listen to the whole cd all the time . It was hard to get at my local stores , but I finally found a copy and I fell in love with the whole cd and I 'm glad they have the video on the disc too . Buy the cd you wo n't disappointed ! I was n't .
 These girls are wonderful singers . I love their voices . Their songs are something that everyone can feel and listen to . A nice mix of slow and fast songs on the album . I exspecially like the two russian versions of `` Not Gona Get Us '' and `` All the Things She Said '' The enhanced cd makes it even better . You get to see their music video and hear what the girls themselves have to say . Its great , a defenate must have in your music collection .
 THIS IS A GREAT ALBUM I WAS GETTING IT FOR MY DAUGHTER AND I GOT ME ONE TOO . IT HAS A FRESH NEW POP SOUND THAT HAS BEEN MISSING IN THE UNITED STATES FOR ABOUT A YEAR OR TWO .
 browsing at the record store I came upon this thinking , '' gawd , not another cute but talentless girl group ... '' but as I listened , I was pleasantly surprised . And then I saw the Trevor Horn credit ... at any rate , this music would have been supermarket pablum if done in Amerika , but given Horns sense or irony and arrangments it doesnt turn out bad . I would like to hope that as much of this albums goodness is from the 2 girls , and not just their being pawns of the producer ... In an interview they said they resented being lableled lezzies , and claim they each have boyfriends ... whatever .
 tatu is the best group ever !!! the cd is perfect !! and their musics are awesome !!!
 I Love T.A.T.U , as is i am from poland and got the cd there over the summer , in russian . Needless to say my russian improved and I am jumping for joy now that the cd has come out here in the states . This CD is a killer , I 've gotten all my friends into it , and now the whole U.S can get in on it . I love it , everyone should have a copy ! I swear if you buy this cd you wont be let down ... SO WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR !
 I bought the album because some collegues told me , there are two russian girls who have produced a very good album , i heard the song ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID , and i was fascinated of them , so i went to a CD Shop in Switzerland and I bought this CD . All the other Albums i have there are 2 or 3 good songs but the rest are n't very good . So i heard to this Album 200 km/h in the wrong lane , and all 12 songs are very very good . Julia and Lena have very nice voices , i hope they will come to Switzerland , and i wish they will give the best concert we ever had in Switzerland in the Hallenstadion in Zurich . I can only say they are great and please buy this wonderful Album ! I 'm sure you wo n't worry about it !! TATU FOR PRESIDENT !
 The combo of well-mixed electronic dance music with super seductive female voices is exactly what you will find in this cd . The russian duo , TATU -LRB- Julia & Lena -RRB- released their debut American album `` 200km/h in the wrong lane '' on December 10th . 200km/h has already received airplay for it 's very controversial first single `` All the things she said , '' which is a track discussing a lesbian couple facing society . Many have described TATU 's style as `` Russian Pop meets Prodigy . '' There is n't a single bad song on the album , but there are a few songs that are worthy enough to be called favorites
 I loved t.A.T.u 's CD . It was wonderful . . Some songs I know how it would feel . . Its a great cd to get an understanding on how relationships can be ... and they did a great Job ... I would greatly suggest that you buy it and really get a 1st hand look and see how great it is yourself . . : -RRB-
 When I first heard of t.A.T.u. on MTV News , I immediately fell in love . I then downloaded all of their Russian music and I became addicted . Although I could not understand a word that they said , the tone of the music , combined with their superb voices , were able to portray a message that is as strong , if not stronger , than the lyrics themselves . The CD sends a message that has n't been touched upon that much - homosexual love . These two girls are ready to take on America , and are n't afraid of any of the hatred they might recieve . I love t.A.T.u. and they deserve all the support in the world !!!
 So beautiful and perfect I 'd be willing to go through a Soviet childhood to understand the original versions of this exquisite music . I was hooked after hearing a single one of their songs on the radio . I 'll admit I 'm an mp3 junkie and I have n't bought a CD in months , but after hearing a few of their songs on the computer I absolutely had to have their album . Unlike most over commercialized CDs out there , there are NO filler tracks on this disk , every single song is great - at least as good as `` all the things she said . '' It is so good you find yourself randomly thinking about it in the shower , at work , all through the day - it 's a feeling I 'd honestly compare to having just met a girl . Simply amazing .
 This was a really great cd . One of the best that I 've heard and I love all the songs . The lyrics are meaningful , the beats are catchy , and at some times the vocals tend to screech and go really high , they sing really well . All of the songs are good although I dont know why they put `` show me love '' twice ... one says it the extended version but It sounded the same . It was good . It was worth the money I spent and I was happy I did .
 As contrived as t.A.T.u. may be , there 's no denying this album has a kind of over-the-top grandeur , `` Wuthering Heights '' for misunderstood teens ... The roaring guitars and hard beats are better than the contrived pop of their American and British counterparts . The track selection is rather skimpy ; only 8 songs , followed by two Russian versions and a slightly extended version . The latest Russian counterpart to this album has about 15 songs , the best of which should have been added . Listening to this is a guilty pleasure , like listening to ABBA .
 I do not think that these two girls are lesbians or act it just because it makes them popular . I think they are really in love -LRB- you can tell in the way they act with each other -RRB- . I also think that their music is brilliant ! I have heard so much `` kiddie '' music , but this really gives me goosebumps ! And mainly the remixes , it is loud and in your face ! The way music should be !
 Ohhh my god !!!! You have to buy this cd it is sooo kewl !!! . Every song talks about them and their life.Even though two of their songs are in their native language they are really good songs.It is totally worth it !!!!!!!!!!!
 t.A.T.u. 's new CD is wonderful . All the songs are well done , and their style and unique sound is refreshing . I 've gotten many people hooked on t.A.T.u. and I , myself am a huge fan . They 're songs are unique and I like them . This CD is a must for anyone who liked there song `` All The Things She Said '' which is currently running on TRL . check out www.tatugirls.com and maybe join the Streetteam like me ! This is Brandi Signing off ! . . : . | | B.r.A.n.D.i. | | . : . .
 I never ever buy albums on listening to one song , until I heard ` all the things she said ' . I bought the album almost straight away and I am absolutely intoxicated by it ! Definitely an album which when you sit back , relax and close your eyes , takes you to another place.The few tracks sung in their native tongue are beautiful . Never know russian could sound so good.Absolute talent - hope their next album is half as good as this one !!!
 This is an awsome CD . One of the few you can buy and listen to the whole things straight through . It 's full of great energetic music and God , these girl can sing . It 's my favorite `` get up and move '' CD . The lyrics are written quite well and their accents make their music even more unique . There 's just something about these girls voices that makes you want to listen to more . I love this CD !
 When first hearing `` All the things she said '' , i was just taken back . The song was so catchy and was full of great melodies and lyrics . Though their artificial lesbian relationship leaves one to think of how desperate they are for a huge male fan base -LRB- they both have boyfriends -RRB- , i , being a male , did n't truly care ; mainly because the album is so great . `` Not gon na get us '' , `` All the things she said '' and `` Can u see me now ? '' are 3 of the best songs ive heard in a while , and being russian myself , i can even understand some of `` Ya soshla s uma '' and `` nas ne daginyat '' . Some of the songs leave you thinking `` why ??? '' such as `` Malchik gay '' -LRB- what the hell ? -RRB- and `` how soon is now ? '' but altogether the album is worth the price . Its a new sound , rather techno , yet also a mix of pop rock and r & b which makes Tatus sound so original and great . This album is worth it , so check it out .
 I caught the band 's song `` All the Things She Said '' on the radio and was curious to hear more . These two teenages sing about love and issues that transcend age . Their slight russian lilt adds a exotic element to the songs and the strong beat makes it impossible to not move to . They do have softer ballads on this album for those that like slower music . The album also has two songs entirely in russian . Even in another language you can feel the emotions that these women are feeling . I have already gotten the majority of my friends to go buy this album , and am now trying to spread this great music to people I either barely know or do not know because it is so great .
 I first heard about Tatu from a friend . I downloaded their single and watched their music video for `` All the Things She Said . '' That 's when I had a new favorite artist . I dowloaded their songs in Russian and English . If you like electro/techno music and do n't mind their song 's contents , you 'll probably fall in love with them too . Their songs on this albums have unique rhythms and their vocal abilities are awesome -LRB- do n't believe what others said ! -RRB- I suggest that everyone who is still reading this , to listen to their music before you judge them . Do n't base singers only on their image . If you like them in English , you should hear more of their songs in Russian . I ca n't understand why Americans do n't largely embrace songs that are n't in Enlgish -LRB- with exceptions of Spanish songs . -RRB- We need more music like Tatu to bring more language into our mainstream music ... Here 's a little story about my love for Tatu and foreign pop music . I am a freshman taking German as my foreign language . When my teacher introduced my class to a German artist , I fell in love with the music . I am now into Russian and German music , although I can not understand a lot of it . Tatu has sparked my interest to learn more languages .
 If you like Euro-pop , then you will definitely want to add this CD to your collection . The first time that I heard `` Not Gon na Get Us '' , I knew that I wanted to hear more from TATU . Granted , the group is manufactured and there is a lot of hype out there about the group . But , the music is the reason you buy the CD and the album is a strong compilation of songs which are pop with an edge . Overall , a great CD .
 A great re-release from Russia with love . Definitely on the light side of the bubblegum scene , but with Trevor Horn behind them it may go good . Everyone has heard/seen `` All the Things She Said '' and I do n't think anything more needs to be said of that . Just to prop these babes up from the one-hit classic bunch , I have to give a thumbs up for `` Not Gon na Get Us '' as well as `` Show Me Love . '' I just hope that they do n't let their image eat away thier chances at making a musical statement . We saw this in the last decade with Fem 2 Fem . I hope this helps open the door to more of the talent hidden in Mother Russia .
 This cd is a must have no matter what what you `` might '' think or pretend to know about julia and lena.They are like any other pop group `` hidden identity '' so ignore the rumors , take them for what they are worth , and just enjoy their music.As for the UK recent ban on them on tv , I think all you people over there controlling the music television channels are pretty narrowminded , ignorant , and simple.tATu is # 1 over there , and I hope you loose alot of money for being such dumb ... TATU FOREVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I love Tatu !! I first saw their video and thought how refreshing to see something so beautiful . Then I saw them on the movie awards and could n't believe how amazing their performance . I love this CD as it is a work of art . Definitely the best album to come out in the past few years .
 This is a great C.D. . It is hard enough to get into the american music industry from our own country , and these girls did it from Russia . I bought both C.D. 's and I do n't know anything but english ! ... be proud ... support the artists !
 Ok , at first I had no idea about the kind of music that this group do ... but I found curious the name of the band , so I search & listened some songs on the net and that was it ... i was totally surprised ` bout the sound that the band has , and of course , the voices of Lena and Julia . The album it 's a mix of pop , rock and electronica and the songs are great well produced and well translated as well ... and , plus , all the songs talk about young lesbian love between this 2 girls ... `` Not Gon na Get Us '' sounds like a Matrix song , very upbeat and catchy ... the highlights are '' Show Me Love '' , `` Clowns '' , `` 30 Minutes '' , `` All The Things She Said '' , and ... well , all the tracks in the disc ... this CD will introduce you to a whole new dimension in the sound of the russian music ... t.A.T.u. is here 2 stay .
 When I first listened to their music , it was on the advice of a good friend of mine . I love techno music , with its raunchy undertones and fast beats . And when I heard that this band was not only techno , but lesbian , I rushed to listen to them . I was immediately hooked . But was saddened when I also learned that many people -LRB- mostly men -RRB- were bashing the idea that these two girls were actually lesbian . I understand that most people -LRB- mostly men -RRB- cann ' t accept that a woman would have no use for them , and especially when that girl is so young . But I do n't recall so much bad mouthing when the openly lesbian group fem2fem first came on the tecno scene . These women , with their adult sound and seductive videos , were welcomed by the majority , lesbian and men alike . So , it leaves me to believe that most people -LRB- mostly men -RRB- can not truly phathom that a girl , at any age before 24 , could possibly know what they want if they come to realization that they are in fact homosexual . These girls have given a positive voice to the millions of teenage homosexuals in the world , and by bad mouthing them and constantly questioning their true sexuality -LRB- which does n't really matter anyway -RRB- , the big picture has once again been lost . These girls are the voice of a new generation of homosexual teenagers who find themselves lost in the endless shuffle of what is expected to be `` normal . '' I say , Good For These Girls who are saying what so many teenage homosexuals can not say to anyone , not even the people who gave them life . Does it really matter if they are truly lesbian or not ? Or should people -LRB- mostly men -RRB- concentrate on the fact that they are helping people ? Think about it !
 This cd is absolutely perfect ! ... It also happens to be the most catchy set of tracks in the history of compact disks . You will constantly have this cd `` running through your head '' . Well this cd may not appeal to all people it certainly hit a sweet spot with me . You can just hear emotion pouring out of your each verse , not to mention this is the perfect driving music . To summerise there is alot more here than a marketing gimmeck , I personally insist you purchase it now ! ...
 ... after months of trying , really trying to understand the excitement around this group and their music , I now play it on repeat while working on my computer . Somewhere in medias attention , their sexual disposition seemed more important to discuss than their music , and the appearance on the MTV European Music Awards , that included acts of love between the two girls , made the whole world jump in their seats of aversion . Why not put all of that aside , and listen to their wonderful music instead ? Do n't they deserve to be judged as any other popartist or group , by the proffessionalism and competens as musicians ? Sure , they do n't write their own songs , but how many popartist can brag about that ? After my daughter had played `` All the things she said '' about five million times , and I repeteadly heard and read about them on the news , radio and on the Internet , and still could n't figure out what it was about these girls and that song that made them so popular , a good friend of mine told me to listen to the other songs on the album . He played `` Not gon na get us '' for me , and I was immediately hooked . I got shivers by the innocent voices that seemed to reach higher than no one has ever reached before , and the beats , synthesizer solo 's , the lyrics ... suddenly it hit me
 Who can be more controversial than Eminem ? If u anwersed t.A.T.u. then your answer is correct . What makes them controversial ? If you saw thier music video for `` Ya Shola S Uma -LRB- All The Things She Said -RRB- '' it was a pretty racy video . The song talks about a relationship between two teenage lesbian girls . With their holding hands and kissing each other it may turn out to be that t.A.T.u. are lesbian pop tarts to become a breath of fresh air . Even though I 'm not gay or bysexual I still love thier music . When I first got thier debut album `` 200 Km/H In The Wrong Lane '' for Christmas I was blown away with thier harmonies and voices . Thier lyrics were pretty racy but made the songs perfectly sense . The beats to every song feels like u are in a club dancing to them . One of my personal favorite tracks has to be `` Clowns -LRB- Can You See Me Now -RRB- '' with thier creepy lyrics and danceable beats this song kind of sounds like something that Bjork would wan na sing -LRB- but I think t.A.T.u. does an even better job with the song than Bjork would do -RRB- . Another song that I like is `` Stars '' which is a very personal song with some serious lyrics but throughout the song they are rapping in Russian which I ca n't understand but that 's ok with me . After hearing the album I immediately could n't stop playing it . I love this album so much and I would definetly reccomend this album to anyone that likes Europop or likes controversial artists . This album is a must-have . From Russia with love , t.A.T.u. are definetly a breath of fresh air with thier lesbian image that they have to offer for the pop music world !
 Does it really matter if they are lesbians or not ? or what their image is ? The point is that they have good songs . If ignorant people actually looked beyond their ` image ' they would see that these girls have some good songs . Some of the better ones being ` All The Things She Said , ' ` Show Me Love , ' ` How Soon Is Now ? ' -LRB- which Morissey from the Smiths called `` magnificent '' -RRB- , and ` Stars . ' Even though these girls are n't the best singers , they do have a lot of talent . Their talents are better featured on the Russian album , 200 Po Vstrechnoy .
 Look out Shirley Manson and Courtney Love ! T.A.T.U 's album really rocks ! After All The Things She Said was released months ago I anxiously awaited the release of their album ... and it was well worth the wait ! Both girls voices carry a very wide range and the combination of their styles makes for a very unique sound . But aside the much hyped lesbian relationship of these two Russian teen vamps because once you hear the cd you 'll only want more . The music speaks louder than any marketing stratagem and it screams FIERCE !
 I purchased their english single c-d `` all the things she said '' because of its catchy beat . -LRB- I learned more about them and found out of all the controversy about the possibility of them being lesbians . personally that did not so much effect my purchase . that is the entertainment business for you ! Let them do whatever ! -RRB- And then i recieved `` 200 km/h in the wrong lane '' for my birthday this month . i had heard their russian songs and although i am english , i prefer their russian songs more . but anyways , i love it . they has awesome views , beats , and their voices are so rythmic together . anyone who passes this c-d by is crazy!there are 2 full russian tracks -LRB- Ya shosla uma and Nas ne dagoniat -RRB- and an english track with russian rap in it -LRB- Stars -RRB- . For anyone who doesnt know russian , the words are still easy to compare to english , but slightly altered from their english versions . I think trevor horn and ivan shapovalov -LRB- producers -RRB- certainly know how to attract an audience in many different ways and views . i enjoy their beat and this is not some pop girl band . i can certainly compare this to some type of techno type beats and alternative . personally i think this is a great buy . i give this album props . but if you enjoy it , check out their russian albums as well . this duo knows how to sing.it also comes with footage -LRB- behind the scenes part 2 and theircatchy and beautifully filmed video `` all the things she said '' -RRB- but if you want to see the 1st behind the scenes footage , i suggest purchasing their `` all the things she said '' c-d single . well worth it . i think the album is underpriced !! this is a steal for music this good !!! bottom line
 All their songs are great in their very own language , but since the release of the english one , ive been wanting and waiting for them to come on tour already ! i love the beats and the lyrics plus the extended versions ! they are great
 This cd is a great listen , I really enjoy the `` How Soon is Now ? '' cover -LRB- an old the smiths song -RRB- . There is a few flaws in there english songs but they are obviously new to the language and I wish Lena and Julia could express themselfs more through the english language when it comes to the enhanced movies on there CD but they run into there language barrier.It does seem that they are a heavily produced duo on stage and off but there is so many pop acts in America currently that are worse so I do n't see this as much of a problem since they are both young and need direction til they can find there own musical journey to take . Hopefuly as there english learning progresses and they can express themselfs more through lyrics and interviews they will be a fantastic act to watch in the future.Good luck breaking through into the USA , it is a tuff journey and I hope you plot it well else they will become a one-hit-wonder in America .
 This new CD is awesome ! These two girls are totally rockin ! I am totally addicted to their new CD ! They have this strange edge to them that makes ya love 'em . You definately have to buy this CD and experience it ! t.A.T.u is gon na make it big !!!
 t.A.T.u. has got a special status
 This has got to be one of the best cd 's ever I even love the Russian songs . I love the whole lesbian thing too it 's so cute and real . Everyone has got to watch just one real show of them singing and doing there thing and they 'll understand . I ca n't wait to really get to see them in person since all there songs are gr8 !!!!!!! The best one is 30 Minutes especially .
 Yes , we 're all sick of gimmicky corporate plans to have us buy cds , and yes we almost always fall for them . I bought the TATU cd and ... well ... I actually loved it . If you 've seen Britney or Christina lately , then these two Russian girls should n't shock you . The music is awesome and the blend of the vocals works very well with it all throughout the cd . I especially enjoyed the Russian versions of some of their songs . Basically , it was put together very well and I 'll look forward to their next cd .
 Hello . I think that this Cd is 2002 best cd -LRB- well , maybe the second , after Springsteen -RRB- . The songs are very good -LRB- they are 8 new songs , very good , songs -RRB- . My favorites are
 These two Russian hotties proclaim their hearts to the world through their wicked -LRB- awesome -RRB- lyrics and beautiful voices . I recommend you purchase t.A.T.u. 's album , 200 km/h in the Wrong Lane , if you have n't already . The beats are `` off the hook '' and the vibrations flowing from their mouths come strait from the heart revealing vibrant colours of passion for music and love .
 T.A.T.U DELIVERS THE MOST ORIGINAL MUSIC WEVE NEVER SEEN BEFORE , IN ENGLISH , THE TRANSLATION IS DIFFERENT AND THATS WHY WE DONT FEEL THE SAME POWER WE FELT IN RUSSIAN VERSIONS !!! THIS CD IS CLEARLY THE BEST CD OF 2002/2003 , IM NOT SAYING ITS THE BEST BETWEEN ALL KINDS OF MUSICS , ITS THE BEST BECAUSE ITS ORIGINAL . . ABOUT THEYRE BEING LESBIAN , THEREIS NO PROBLEM , THE MAN LOVES TO SEE A COUPLE OF SPIDERS FIGHTING EACH OTHER ...
 I know nothing about this group . All I know is that I saw them on the MTV music awards and I saw a lot of girls kissing . I enjoyed it quite a bit . These girls are fun to watch . I think I would turn their music down and put on some Lords of Acid and watch them while listening to that .5 starsnuff said !
 Finally t.A.T.u. 's 200KM/H in the Wrong Lane has been released in the U.S. . These two girls are cute , look wonderful together as a couple and have complimentary voices . Their songs are often about young gay/lesbian love but anyone can relate to them . The first single , `` All the things she said '' is an incredible dance song and is just as good in Russian . The techno-dance music on this CD is ground-breaking . Their voices take a listen or two to get used to but then you 'll be hooked . Their remake of the Smith 's `` How soon is now '' is utterly compelling . Other CD highlights are the title track `` Not gon na get us , '' `` Clowns '' and the bubbly `` Malchik Gay '' . Trevor Horn does a great job in -LRB- over -RRB- production and let 's hope this is just the beginning of more energetic dance music from t.A.T.u.
 I have to admit it , this record is cool ! Almost all the songs -LRB- well , they are n't so many -RRB- are enjoyable . My fav are All The Things She Said and Stars , but I liked also the remake of How Soon Is Now . Good music , their voices ai n't bad ... their cd could have been worse , really ! Anyway the fact remains , they are 2 simple craps . They have found a great way to get famous immediately , they know that being -LSB- ... -RSB- is a bit `` fashion '' nowadays . They could have shown to the world their musical talent without being fake lesbians ! They do n't like singing but making scandalous things -LRB- and I 'm not referring to their -LSB- ... -RSB- but to the fact that they wanted to kiss in the videoclips just to make world talk of them ... I hate these kind of things ! Nothing against -LSB- ... -RSB- people ! -RRB- . Apart from this , 200 km/h in the wrong lane remains an appreciable album .
 This is one of the best cds I have listened to . All the songs are exellent ! Definately recommended
 This CD is AMAZING , despite what critics say this CD is WOW!Not Gon na Get Us - Loud powerful Chourus with soft sweet verses -LRB- 8.5 / 10 -RRB- All The Things She Said - Captures the angst and sadness , with sweet ghostlike verses but yet again POWERFUL LOUD chourses -LRB- 8.5 / 10 -RRB- Show Me Love - Amazingly strong and sweet , it holds a longy and captures a heartbreak with a plead -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- How Soon Is Now - This is Possibly Better than the origanal -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- Clowns - Airy , Metophoric very very catchy -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- Malchick Gay - Accostic airy , beautful holds strong emotion -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- Stars - My favortie track , sheer brillance Russian Raps with english cathy coursesYa Shlosha S Uma - The magic of All the things She Said is mutlpied in this Russian trackNas Ne Dogoyat - Not Gon na Get Us in russian-AMAZINGShow Me Love -LRB- Extended Version -RRB- - Little bit more danceyALL and all an album dripping with emotion and AMAZING popYulia and Lena proved they can and will be the next `` thing ''
 These two make music sexy ! -LRB- fifteen more words must be typed in order to submit this review to the public -RRB-
 Dance to it . Rock to it . Have a party with it . Great for listening to in a car . Beautiful voices . Great as a gift for yourself or a friend .
 thanks for this cds , I order 3 -LRB- one for me and 2 for others guys -RRB- and i from Venezuela , in this country are lot fans julia and lena ...
 I liked the covert artwork of this album and the epic poster.The Booklet is well-made and the photos are incredible as good as the CD 's design.I loved &#34; A Simple Motion &#34; .
 This album is excellent ! contains a new english version of &#34; Prostye Dvizheniya &#34; , 3 excellent remixes and a new artwork ! perfect for your Tatu collection .
 I love t.A.T.u. I have been a fan of them since I was about 10yrs old : -RRB- The remixes are absolutely AMAZING !
 I love this Cd ! It 's one of my favorite Cd 's of all time . `` All the things she said . . all the things she said . . '' Lol . . memories . I did n't like their new Cd as much as this one . This CD is classic . . 100 %
 Found out that there is a 12th song on here that is `` behind the scenes '' and a music video , but the issue I found is that video is not on the disk . Not a big deal , love the CD , but it would have been nice to have the video on it . Other than that , t.A.T.u is a great group !
 I do n't find anything majorly wrong with either of these singers . True , one IS better then then the other , but for a duet they 're still pretty adequate together . If we actually compared t.A.T.u to someone like Rebecca Black , I 'd much rather be listening to this for hours rather then having to listen to that nasal-y voice even once.Also , a lot of people have mention about their act of being lesbians and that 's why they do n't like this group , but really ? How shallow are you ? How shallow do you have to be to actually hate a group , just because they happen to have a different sexual orientation ? It 's not like they 're talking about having sex with each other or anything , it 's just an act.Overall , I enjoy some of the songs and I prefer the ones that are slower . To me , t.A.T.u is much better when they have slower songs , so if you 'd buy this it for only slow songs , then maybe you 'd be better off not . Many songs on here are fast-paced , techno-like songs .
 Whoever you are ... whatever you 're into ... you WILL love this album.It is powerful , creative and a testament to true love.Yulia and Lena of t.a.t.u encouraged me to learn Russian.Finally there are artists who put life into their music.They are overwhelming and you WILL be missing out if you do n't get their album.Buy it ... it 's money well spent.If you do n't love at least one track ... something is definitely wrong with you!Luv Ya - * Hannah *
 Just like the others t.A.T.u 's CDs , I do n't even have words to tell how perfect this CD is . All the songs are great , without exception and the best thing is that the lyrics really say something . And as much alike as they sound , each one of them had a special touch to give and make this CD even more wonderful !!
 I 've been a fan of TATU for about a year and I loved there russian CD and i could n't wait till their CD came out in english . I got it as soon as it was released and I 'll tell you i was not dissapointed . The CD is amazing its got great lyrics a great beat and Yulia and Lena sound amazing . The CD is addictive . It 's all ive listened to since I bought it . I definetly recommend that you buy this CD . It 's just an amazing album .
 Ok , so if you 're new to TATU -LRB- Taty -RRB- you 'll have to take this review with a bit of back story . The girls of Tatu began and continue their career in the Russian music scene . I was fortunate enough to be turned on to them while living in Russia over a year ago . Their music is well produced , catchy and has to be respected as these girls originally had much of this albumproduced in Russian and have taken the time to re-record them in English for the benefit of English speaking countries -LRB- namely the US -RRB- . The best part is that even though I can understand both the English and Russian versions of their songs , I would n't need to . Music is universal and the mix of pop , techno and overwhelming angst is enough to get anyone going , no matter what language it 's in . There are a couple songs on the album that are in the original Russian , so for those ethnocentric Americans you might be turned off , but remember
 Produced by the master Trevor Horn -LRB- Seal , FGTH , Propaganda a.o. -RRB- , this album is one of the most important productions of the year ! Sometimes sharp as a razor blade , sometimes soft as a kiss by a hot summer wind , the album takes you on a trip in a strange , yet enchanting universe . The two russian girls tell their stories with enthusiasm , energy and strong sexual undertones . They have voices and looks like angels , but inside something darker and more dangerous and unpredictable is lurking ! Powerful , intensive dance tracks mixed with beautiful and depressing ballads - the album has it all ! I want to hear it again - and again ... The more I listen the more I fall in love with t.A : T.u 's universe ! Thank you ...
 One word for this album would be , amazing . 200 km/h in the wrong lane rocks , and there first single , All the things she said has a total pop/dance beat , My favorite song would have to be 30 min though . This song has the best lyrics and relates to me the most . Everyone should check this out !
 & iquest ; Okay just so everyone makes sure , everyone knows they are Russian Music Artist Right ? We dont get too many of them Tatu is Great Russian band to my thinking & I love the Russian music but the Translation to the English is not so good , I mean dont get me wrong they can sing beautifully & they are very sexy but some of the structure/layout of the words are bad . I think that if they were to try and work with what they are trying to say in other english words ... But I give them FULL support because I love Russia , I love Russians , and I would love to see them rise to the top ...
 I heard 10 seconds of `` All the Things She Said '' on the radio , and immediately went to buy the CD . I did n't regret it -- this is the best CD I 've ever bought , and I have n't been able to stop listening to it . The music is a mixture of pop and electronic rhythms , but there is such a depth to the lyrics that TATU is set far apart from bands such as * N Sync and Britney Spears . The message of freedom and self-acceptance affected me very much , and there are even two songs in Russian , which are really fun to listen to . TATU is officially my favorite band , and I strongly recommend buying the album , as you will be hearing a lot more about Lena and Julia in the near future .
 This album of t.A.T.u. is absolutely amazing , the sound that you find in this production is just cool , you can feel the power of this two russian girls in every lyric of their songs starting with All the Things She Said and also songs like Not Gon na Get Usand Show me Love they 're just spectacular .
 Ok , here 's how it is , I do n't know why Amazon is only putting the bad reviews on top . ALL -LRB- not most , ALL -RRB- of the `` confirmed '' or `` in-depth '' articles/rumors on t.A.T.u. are based on tabloid reports . The one of them reportedly breaking upand having problems is from a tabloid talking to Lena 's -LRB- fake -RRB- Grandma , who talks about their sex life ... why would Lena tell her GRANDMA about her lesbian sex life ??? Anyway , although a bit repetitive , this is a very nice CD . NOT kiddie porn , and not only owned by middle-aged men . The by-far best track is How Soon Is Now , crisp , melodious , and a great remake.BTW , the alleged `` boyfriends '' they have been seen with , are the guys from the russian group Smash . All of them were past members of the child group Nesdeposi -LRB- forgot if that 's the right spelling -RRB- , all right ?
 This CD is excellent ! Anyone who says that these girls are just lesbians as a marketing tool are sadly mistaken . If you maybe tok a look into their history you would understand they were lesbians before they were discovered in Russia . They do not write their own lyrics but it does n't matter . many singers lie about that stuff . Buy this CD if you have n't already ... Do n't listen to the other reviews .
 This is one of the few albums that all the songs are great . Usually when an album is released , only a couple of songs are great and the rest -LSB- are bad -RSB- . However , not this album . Everysong is catchy and if you have a chance to get the Russian versions of the songs , there are even better . Hope that they release another album .
 This CD is great . It has all the great songs of t.A.T.u. I recommend this album highly . I have thwe Not gon na get us being shipped also , i recommend that too.GREAT ALBUM !!! ^ ^
 t.A.T.u embodies a power , an emotion , a sincerity in their music that no other artist does . Teens across the world can relate to their music , there are some who will say `` Eww '' to it , but the vast majority will say , `` Hey , I can relate to this . '' And through this music teens are offered a strength , a way to know others feel the same thing , face the same situations , and they thrive on this . They should . They find courage in this , so when they do face the world with whatever revelations about themselves they have , they are n't afraid -- or if they are , they have more courage than fear.t.A.T.u 's music is a masterpiece and speaks to the heart and soul of today 's youth . Their sincerity is indubitable . I recommend them to everyone .
 I never thought I 'd find myself liking t.A.T.u. . In fact , you should have seen the look on my mother 's face when I bought this CD . She was like `` You like lesbians ? '' and I said `` I like their MUSIC , Mum '' . But ignoring the fact about the lesbians , this is actually really really wicked ! I love this CD ! It 's brilliant ! Some people may say they scream when they sing , but I think their voices are cool . The best tracks are :3 . Show Me LoveI love this song ! It does n't go on for ages , in fact there is only two chourses . They will stick in your head and remain there . I love the lyrics , especially the second verse . Great stuff . The phone conversation at the beginning is wicked too .4 . 30 MinutesI love and adore this song . The piano at the beginning and in the middle is so amazing ! This song is so simple . I love the girls ' vocals . Brilliant song .5 . How Soon Is Now?Right now , this is my favourite track -LRB- but it changes all the time -RRB- . I just love the rocky music , and the way the vocals are sung . The lyrics are so funny ! Even if this is a cover , it 's still wicked ! 6 . Clowns -LRB- Can You See Me Now ? -RRB- Another cool song with awesome lyrics and vocals . The lyrics in this song are a bit strange , but ignore that and you have a great song .7 . Malchik GayNot as weird as it sounds , trust me . This song will get stuck permanently in your head , especially the part where they sing `` Malchik Gay '' over and over again . This is such a cute song ! 8 . StarsI fell in love with this the first time I heard it . I just LOVE LOVE LOVE the Russian singing parts on this . I have no idea what they 're singing but I still love it ! I love the music too . Absolutely wicked .9 . Ya Shosla S UmaThe Russian version of `` All The Things She Said '' , is in my opinion , better then the English . It 's more fun to listen to , and try to sing along in English . The vocals sound funny , at least you have some idea what they 're talking about .11 . Show Me Love -LRB- Extended version -RRB- Like track 3 , but with an extra minute of choruses and music added on the end . Makes the song even better!On my CD , I have a WICKED remix of `` 30 Minutes '' , that should n't have been left off the international CD . I love this remix ! The girls ' vocals are all warped , and in the background . You have to listen really carefully . It 's a whopping 6 minutes long , though.Overall , a BRILLIANT CD that deserves recognition . If t.A.T.u are n't the next big thing , then I 'll be completely surprised .
 After hearing their single on the radio I wanted to get this cd but was worried that the single was the only good song on the album . Boy was I wrong ! This is the best cd I have t.A.T.u has such a different and awsome kind of voice to them weither they are singing in russian or english it is great ! The best way to describe their music is a type of techno dance , that will stick in your head and you will want it to be their ! Just a great cd !
 The first time I heard `` All the Things She Said '' on the radio , I was hooked . I could n't get that song out of my head . So every time I was in my car , I was hunting through the stations madly trying to find it again . Then , I decided that song alone was worth a purchase of this CD . And I was pleasantly surprised to find an album full of songs so catchy that you will be dancing furiously when you are listening to them and humming them constantly when you are n't . On top of the 8 or so original songs , you get a couple interesting Russian versions and even better , a music video AND an interesting behind-the-scenes look.What else can I say ? The duet are sexy Russian lesbians -LRB- this alone will gather much attention and interest from the guys -RRB- with pretty voices and beautiful , melodic tunes . I look to T.A.T.U 's future with much interest . Do n't miss this album ! It 's so much better than most of the ... out there .
 If you like the sound of `` All the Things She Said '' you wont be disappointed with the rest of the songs on `` 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane '' . There are at least several more number one hit songs on this album , -LRB- if released -RRB- from the 11 there . I could n't find a bad track from the collection anywhere.This album is a mixture of rock , pop , dance , and a little bluesy , with a fantastic Russian twist thrown in for good measure.And of course the girls ai n't bad ... Only the music matters to me.I believe that they have an open , honest friendship , and do love each other ... But - I do love them.And - I do love their music.I ca n't stop playing their music , makes one happy ...
 My son enjoys a variety of music and often will hold out something to share with me , which is what he did with T.A.T.U.I sat and listened to the entire CD and found myself enjoying it beyond merely * OK * . After I listened to it and decided I quite liked it , I did an online search to find out what they are all about . What interesting reading . I guess it does n't much matter to me if they happened because of a ` marketing ploy ' . The fact is I enjoyed the CD - which is what 's important to me . ... If a lot of people enjoy what they created well then they should make money , eh ? I do n't get all the fussing about these two girls . It 's entertainment , I enjoyed it quite a bit . A nice change from some of the drivel the local radio stations play ! If their subsequent music is as enjoyable - one of us will be spending money to have it .
 With techno-styled music and lyrics considered taboo in the U.S , t.A.T.u. springs out of Russia with a sound that 's gon na take over the music world . It does n't matter if they 're lesbian , bi or what-have-you , but these girl 's are giving it their all . Lena Katina and Yulia Volkova have arrived to let the world know that love comes in all forms . Their beautiful accents swirled together with English lyrics give a unique feel to their cover of the Smiths ' `` How Soon is Now ? '' All and all , these girls sound promising . I hope to hear more of them in the future .
 When I heard and saw T.A.T.U 's music vedio on TV , my heart was totally touched by their song . It 's just so so so sad I could say.No matter the beats of `` All the things she said '' or the lyrics in this song , they definitely represent many many things in this world I think.I LOVE T.A.T.U.
 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane by t.A.T.u diserves 5 stars , because these girls are very under ~ rated and overlooked . The CD is worth buying . Not only does it have their awesome hit single - All the Things She said - in this CD but many other great songs . If you heard and like their song , `` All the Things She said '' then you will like almost every song on this CD ! One of my favorites on the CD is `` Not Gon na Get Us . '' A soon as I heard the t.A.T.u single I loved it and the song stood in my head , and I immediatly knew I had to get the 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane CD . At that time I never heard of them before but the song was just so catchy and good I wanted to hear more of their songs , so I purchased the 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane CD and I do n't regret buying it ! This CD has become one of my favorites . The only drawback is the CD is a little short , but it does leave you wanting more and after buying this CD I ca n't wait to hear the next CD and songs they will make .
 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane by t.A.T.u diserves 5 stars , because these girls are very under ~ rated and overlooked . The CD is worth buying . Not only does it have their awesome hit single - All the Things She said - in this CD but many other great songs . If you heard and like their song , `` All the Things She said '' then you will like almost every song on this CD ! One of my favorites on the CD is `` Not Gon na Get Us . '' A soon as I heard the t.A.T.u single I loved it and the song stood in my head , and I immediatly knew I had to get the 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane CD . At that time I never heard of them before but the song was just so catchy and good I wanted to hear more of their songs , so I purchased the 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane CD and I do n't regret buying it ! This CD has become one of my favorites . The only drawback is the CD is a little short , but it does leave you wanting more and after buying this CD I ca n't wait to hear the next CD and songs they will make .
 I recommend this cd because it is a break through in music . Its not the typical pop music that us Americans are use too . The songs are very catchy and well crafted . If you do n't purchase your this cd , your definitely missing out on a group that is soon going to take over the American airwaves . Every song on this album has a different meaning and touches your heart . You can feel every word that they sing and begin to understand what life is like simply growing up . Their not just seeing about Lesbian love ... its about life . There doing what Nirvana did , just through a different light . Plus , with the enhancement you get a little glimpse into whats it like to hang around with Yulia & Lena themselves .
 Yeah , those girls , besides what they 're very pretty , they really have created a new kind of music . I really love the music what those girls sing
 I just want to say that this cd has brought a remarkable insiration in my life . There are so many words to explain it that i cant possibly think of . They shed light on girls around the world who are scared to let out who they are and what they beleive in . Anyone who is everyone should buy this cd just to experience a little on the wild side . And if your Russian I 'm sure you know what I mean . Please go buy this cd and make T.A.T.U a worldwide favorite .
 A friend of mine told me about the group and I was schocked.I got hooked becaouse of the local lyrics.When I first herd the two wemon singing I thought it was a much bigger group like four or six girlls.Amazingly it was only two and it takes a lot of talent and hard work to produce something like this .
 I rarely buy albums because it 's usually only a couple tracks that drives you to buy them in the first place . After downloading their tracks from the net to check it out -LRB- all now deleted I must add ! -RRB- I decided to order their album . I must admit to preferring the Russian version best as it seems more traditional Russian than English dance music . After having to put up with UK 's fabricated bands & charts t.A.T.u 's music is welcome with open arms . Future albums will be bought straight away as will all single releases . All I need to do now is find somewhere I can order the Russian version from . These girls , even though they 're * not * lesbians -LRB- who cares anyway ? -RRB- are going to take the globe by storm !
 U should buy this cd it is the best . it tell all the thing in a teens life and there lesbians so what . it has 30 minites , show me love . and ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID !
 t.A.T.u 's ' 200 km/h in the Wrong Lane ' is a complete sucess . I just ca n't will myself to take the cd out of my cd player . Julia Volkova and Lena Katina from Moscow , Russia have '' # 1 '' written all over them . Great songs ranging from the upbeat `` Not Gon na Get Us '' to more serious `` Stars , '' all of these songs will be played on radio stations nonstop . I highly recommend this cd , buy it and experiece this for yourself !
 This CD is absoultly wonderful ! One of my friends gave me the single for All the things she said , and I had to have the CD ! Its a great mix of techno , rock , and dance , and their voices are amazing ! I would recommend this CD to everyone !
 I say T.A.T.U. is not as bad as the main reviewer described them as . It seems like there is a lot of discrimination going on towards the Russian people in this country , only nobody would admit it . The whole country is talking about the discrimination towards Latinos and African-Americans but I think Russians are discriminated on the same level and that reviewer just totally trashed them just because of their origin.To get back to the point , I think that their music is something new to America . America is very conservative in terms of accepting European music , I have n't seen it happen too much . `` All The Things She Said '' has a sort of pop-techno style to it and it sounds very refreshing . `` They Are Not Gon na Get Us '' is the same way ... their music is fresh and crisp . It is about time to stop overexagerating the power of hip-hop and realize that pop could be great too . Especially Russian :-RRB- .
 I grew up in a very music oriented family and being so I like all different kinds of music , but it is very rare for a CD to come around that I ca n't stop listening to . t.A.T.u 's music is like a breath of fresh air . It is a new sound that harkens back to other music i 've heard but in such a way that I have to hear it again and again .
 This cd is a moscow work of art . The way tatu put together this fabulous creation of emotions and rebellion is un real . They not only have great voices but they use them to tell people who they are and that they do n't give a sh ** what they think .
 I went through hell to get this cd . And it was worth it . I bought the single first , and had to wait until December 10th to get the full length one . The best part of Tatu is that they have a great edge and I like the fact that they are not `` Backstreet Boys '' Big -LRB- In America -RRB- . In all honesty I would like to buy some of their previous cds . I really like the beat and sound that I heard from this cd . Also they have a great look about them , very real and believable .
 This album was very well thought out , and we certinally waited long enough for it to come out . It was all worth the wait ! Now we know what the soul of this music is all about . The girls did an amazing job of singing in English though I know it was hard . If you listen to the lyrics of the songs you will come to realize that they have a deepness and passion to them that American music of the same genre does n't . It was an amazing acomplishment by two girls from Russia .
 Oh man do I love this CD !! Tatu is the best group out right now , and I would seriously recommend this CD to anybody and everybody !! Buy it , you 'll love it !!
 no its in every song cuz its on my cd too
 Im not gon na bore you with what I thought of it , just by me writing this review you can guess that I really like them , and I do , and so wll you . This is a geat album , it only has a few songs , that is the only real downside , but thats only cause this is their first american CD , but FYI , they are HUGE all over the rest of the world , they are bigger than Britney and Nsync , put together ... dont believe me ? Of course you wouldnt , cause you have never heard of them right , of course not , cause you watch MTV right ? Of course you do , thats where you get all your music info from right ? Well then my friend , you would be very very wrong , MTV only puts on what is `` HOT '' and then they stick with the same people for like 3 years , think about it , it takes 65 days for a video to finally be kciked off TRL , that means for 65 days you are listening to practically the same music , and by they time that one song gets old , the same artist has already released a new single , and your still looking at their perfect little mug dancing around your tv screen , T.A.T.U. is what you would call breakthrough , they made it through the piles and piles of ... old music , and are finally being recongnized by the US , its about time , they are HUGE ALL OVER THE WORLD , and we just not hear about them . You wont regret spending the 10 bucks on this CD , but it now before its costs 30 bucks like all the other CD 's .
 I love this cd ! I love `` All the things she said in English and in Russian !!!
 This is n't a review on the album . I 'm sure it 's good & I do plan to get it one of these days . This is really just gossip . I heard on TV that one of the girls , Julia , married her boyfriend within the past 2 weeks . So , either the lesbian thing is fake or she 's bysexual . No big deal to me . Just thought I 'd share that . I was surprised she married a man .
 These two girls are amazing . This cd provides a wonderful musical experience . The Russian versions of `` All the Things She Said '' and `` Not Gon na Get Us '' are beautiful . I listened to this cd nonstop just to get the whole experience of these two beautiful voices . Lena and Julia will go very far in their career . Their music is great to dance to and great to just listen to . This is one cd I know I ca n't stop listening to . I have been a huge t.A.T.u fan ever since I heard `` All the Things She Said '' on the radio . They had me hooked from the beginning of the song . There are many great songs on this album such as their version of `` How Soon is Now '' . I believe this is better than the original recording . These girls are very talented and will go very far .
 this cd and all the other cd 's that tatu makes are great they are the best . everybody that says something negativley about tatu doesnt have the balls to say it to a true taty fan , so if you have something to say my email address is babyalien030@aol.com to all of you non tatu fan g2h SUKA !!!!!!!!!
 Ever since I first heard these two I wanted their cd . Lena and Julia have very powerful , clear voices . From `` Not Gon na Get Us '' to the extended `` Show Me Love '' this cd provides a wonderful musical experience . They are going to go far in the music business . Rock on girls !
 This is one of my favourite albums , Since I am a Russian , I 've been listening to Russian versions of `` Not gon na get us '' and `` All the things she said '' , only recently have I heard the English versions , They are very good in both languages , but they 're cooler in Russian , I love this CD and I reccomend it .
 I bought dis album a long time ago , I 'm still happy with it , I 'm sick of people dissin ' them , Just 'cause they think der fake , They are not fake , They have real talent , Unlike alot of people , * Cough * Britney Spear Me , Christina Gagulair * Cough * , Anyway , I do think you should buy this album , It 's amazing , Also , Watch out for dat new album soon!t.A.T.u . is forever ! = D
 If you do ' t know the word `` DOTACAN '' , ask your Japanese friend nearby , and he 'll show you the mening of it all.In Japan , these girls are disliked by many Japanese pop fans.Because they suddenly canceled the gigs in Japan.Many fans in Japan get pissed off against these girls and got furious about these girls ' action and attitude.In a way , these girls are fu *** kin b *** tches , but the arrangement set by TREVOR HORN is superb and ambient enough to allure many fans in the world.All in all , these girls are only a ONE HIT WONDER , I suppose !!!
 I do n't care what others negative thoughts are about the group t.A.T.u. . The truth is , they are different ? I mean come on how many other artists have two girls singing together , with totally different personalities , singing these songs in which some dont ' make entirely any sense ? The truth is I do n't want to see any other little Britney 's , or Christina Aguilera 's . That 's just the view from Americans and t.A.T.u. is unique , and they have something different that other artists do n't . That is why I like there music ... Secondly who says in the year 2010 we wo n't be listening to chipmunks ? Things change in time .
 When I first laid eyes on this item sitting on the shelf , I had extremley mixed feelings . I have been listening to t.A.T.u for about a year now and the entire time I have listened to them in russian , sometime over the summer I heard `` All the things she said '' which for those who do n't know , is the english version of Ya Soshla S Uma . I have to say I miss the sing song quality of the russian lyrics on some of the songs , but it really is great to finally be able to understand what they are saying without having to look it up ! -LRB- the translations get a little crazy -RRB- I had to laugh at their cover of track number 5 , i do n't rember the name . . because a mix of that is the theme song for charmed , but it was well done by Yulia and Lena . . Out of the entire albumn I particularly loved the adaptations of Malchik gey -LRB- boy gay -RRB- , and klouni -LRB- clowns -RRB- the lyrics and slightly altered , in the case of malchik gey , melody lines were excellently done and I prefer the english version of these two over their russian predecesors , I also appreciated how they included two of the russian tracks on the cd , in order to give people a taste of the authentic tatu in their native language . . All in all I think this cd is especially great for hooking new fans , I 've got at least ten girls who all want to go out and buy it , after hearing all the things she said . But if you really want to hear all t.A.T.u has to give , it is a must to pick up their original Russian release ...
 These two Russian hotties proclaim their hearts to the world through their wicked -LRB- awesome -RRB- lyrics and beautiful voices . I recommend you purchase t.A.T.u. 's album , 200 km/h in the Wrong Lane , if you have n't already . The beats are `` off the hook '' and the vibrations flowing from their mouths come strait from the heart revealing vibrant colours of passion for music and love .
 This CD is one of the best I 've ever listened to . I heard it at a friend 's house and ca n't wait to get my own copy . `` All The Things She Said '' is definitely the best song on the CD . Tatu is one of the best bands ever .
 I personally love this cd ! It 's great ! If you like techno , with a mix of pop and a little rap -LRB- though it 's russian rap -RRB- you will definetly love this cd . To find out more about tATu , visit tatugirls.com or taty.us . If you like tATu , I recommend that you listen to other great artists like Christina Aguilera or No Doubt . tATu defines major pop controversy with their suggestive lyrics of girl on girl love and have given new meaning to the catholic school girl uniform -LRB- move over Brintey ! -RRB- Go buy this album NOW !!!
 I think this album as great as it appears -LRB- and is -RRB- , is just the beginning of what T.A.T.U. has to offer . These two girls , Lena and Yulia , were picked with a purpose , and oh what a purpose they are serving . After I bought this album , I ordered there original Russian album , and like that just as much . People underestimate how hard it is to become successful in the U.S. especially being a foreign band , but the girls are handling it well . Best of luck with future albums , I ca n't wait to hear them . I never get bored of listening to their cd , no matter what mood I am in .
 This album is what we need in music today . Not that pop or rap that we 've been unfortunate enough to listen to day after day . The same songs are played on the radio , over and over again . It 's maddening.T.A.T.U is bringing a whole new sound to the table , I call it rock/techno , it has great drum beats , and this catchy sound you just ca n't deny . So all in all , its a great CD , its lyrics are perfect with the music . I give it two thumbs up .
 I 'll admit it , I first got into t.A.T.u because they were `` hot lesbians '' . The more I listened , the more I liked them , and the more the `` hot lesbian '' gimmich became a moot point . When I heard there was going to be an English album , I knew I was going to get it . Now that it 's here , I must say I am impressed . While the CD is rather short -LRB- there are 11 songs , but some are repeats in English and Russian -RRB- , There are quite a few gems on there . It 's hard to review this CD because while I do enjoy listening to it , I just wish there was more . Is it worth owning ? Yeah , but do n't pay more than $ 10 for it .
 This album is just amazing ! I heard `` All the things she said '' for the first time on MTV and decided I like the sound of TATU very much , so I bought the album the day it was released in the USA . I love all the songs , would be very difficult to choose a favourite.Their music is very catchy and after listening to it a few times you will find yourself singing along in Russian , having absolutely no idea what you might be saying ! It also just gets me dancing , does n't matter where I am , and the tunes have a knack of getting stuck in your head . So beware of singing out loud in public ... you have been warned . I 've done it and it was a little embarrassing ;-RRB- I have no idea how they manage to hit those high notes ! I get nowhere near them.I fully recommend this album to everyone , so go out and buy it today ! I have found that in some albums all the music tends to sound the same . TATU 's album is not like this , and I like that .
 This CD is one of the best CDs I have ever bought . I love all of the tracks but my favorite would have to be Malchik Gay . The bass line and tatu 's voices blend so well . This cd is a hard mix of pop and techno . Also , the lyrics are unbelievable . They have such meaning . Great job tatu ! I highly suggest this cd to anyone .
 hei everybody!vouuuu , what a good music!i hope that you all are going to listen to this and find it very good.they have a messages,voices,songs-all they need to be a really big stars.i think that they are really gei girls , i dont think that thei pretend.well , that was all i wanted to say , so good luck to them !
 I was pleasantly surprised . I enjoyed it , very good vocals , sound and production . This is not normally my style of music , but this is an excellant recording . I would normally give this two stars but added plus one for recording and plus one for production .
 I think Yulia and Lena are great singers ; singing with passion in their heart . Even thought they are not lesbians ; these songs are still coming from their heart.Here is my review for the album .1 . Not Gon na Get Us - 8/10 . Great song to start the album with but not the best . I love it when Lena sings '' You and me , let 's just be honest '' .2 . All The Things She Said - 10/10 . The Best song by TaTu and one of my favorites .3 . Show Me Love - 10/10 . I ca n't stop listening to this song . I love it when they sing '' Show me love , show me love , til you open up the door `` 4 . 30 Minutes - 10/10 . Great slow song . I usually think of rainy days when I listen to this song .5 . How Soon Is Now - 10/10 . Better than the Smiths . I love the guitar beat .6 . Clowns - 10/10 . Great song but I do n't understand it that well .7 . Malchik Gay - 10/10 . I have now clue what it means but It is the best on the album .8 . Stars - 10/10 . Very cool song . Lena 's voice is amazing and so is Yulia 's when she raps in Russian .9 . Ya Soshla S Uma - 10/10 . Russian verison of All The Things She Said . I prefer the english verison than this version .10 . Nas Ne Dagoniat - 8/10 . Better verison than the english.Overal . 10/10 . Go ahead and purchase this album .
 This has to be one of the most amazing cd 's ever ! Britney Spears only wishes she could make music like this . Great pop beats with meaningful lyrics align all the songs here.Coming from someone who loves Madonna , Stevie Nicks , Michael Jackson . This is one of my favorite cd 's of all time . I absolutley love each song to pieces.The album is very dark pop/electro , and it 's enhoyable from start to finishMy favorite songs are How soon is Now , Stars , 30 minutes , and of course the classic Not Gon na Get Us , and All the Things she Said.BUY THIS ALBUM !!!! You have to listen to it ! it 's phenomenal !!
 This album is awesome , and soooo many people can agree . As someone who was mostly underground hip-hop , i love t.A.T.u. as much as i love Jedi Mind Tricks !
 tAtu or tATy to the Russians is a great turn in music and relationship views . The combination of English translations and Russian originals makes this a fun CD to listen to .
 I remember when this group came out when I was in high school and my first thought was , `` Great , two chicks making out on screen . That 's probably the only thing they 're good for . '' But recently I caught one of their songs at a party -LRB- Clowns -RRB- and as stupid as some of the songs may seem because of their titles -LRB- ex . Malchik Gay -RRB- I bought the CD used just so I can try it out and see without having to pay a lot of cash . All I got ta say is that the CD is pretty damn good . Obviously it 's not the best music in the world but in the end I enjoy listening to the songs especially `` Show Me Love '' , I thought that one was the best . Some of this music I use for working out or while I 'm driving cause it gives you a rush -LRB- Not Gon na Get Us , Clown , Show Me Love -RRB- . I 'm looking to get the next album because it seems to me that these chicks actually got something .
 Say what you will about the hype , what is important is the music and I can recommend it based on that alone . From the fast moving `` Not gon na get us '' to the slightly slower `` Show me love '' something for everyone . Standouts are the emotional and moving `` 30 Minutes '' , `` Clowns -LRB- Can you see me now ? -RRB- '' , and `` Stars '' . Also included are two songs in Russian for a nice change . The whole feeling is very bittersweet with the songs revolving around the facets of love .
 One of the best cds I have ever listened to I ca n't stop listening really good artis
 Good combination of slow and fast songs . Great vocals and good compilation of both english and russian songs.Recommended !
 I still am having a hard time thinking why t.a.t.u. 's music is looked down upon by many fans of pop music . This IS pop music , plain and simple . And some of the greatest pop music that I 've heard in a LONG time . I bought this cd after hearing `` All the Things She Said , '' because I just loved the dark , trippy-esque atmosphere of the song . If you 're a fan of albums that have a certain `` feel '' or `` atmosphere '' to them -LRB- like me -RRB- , this is a great record to by.I mean , they are not your average pop rock band , If you are able to push aside all of that hubbub about lesbians and not writing their own songs . You need to look at it for what it is ... a electronic pop record . If you do n't worry about who wrote the songs or the sexual appeal of the videos , this is a GREAT album . I still listen to it on occasion.Ever have an album that you just listen to at night ? For me , things like Portishead 's `` Dummy '' and the Gorillaz ' Self titled debut are just a few of my `` night-driving '' cds ... And now I 'm adding `` 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane '' to my list of albums for the night . While it 's really hard to explain the atmosphere of this record , I 'd like to again point out albums like `` Dummy '' and `` Gorillaz '' ... every song just works off of one another so well that the cd , as a whole , actually has an `` atmosphere '' to it . And THAT is when you know that you have some good songs.All-in-all , this is a GREAT record , ESPECIALLY for fans of atmospheric moods or tendencies . Again , try and listen to it at night ! It makes the album twice as good , in my opinion !
 As a native of Russia , I thought t.A.T.u was going to be a band with no talent , who want to show the world that they are proud to be lesbian . But after my English friend gave me this cd in English , it has grown on me alot . So what if they do n't write their own songs ? Britney Spears does n't , but that does n't stop people from liking her . So judging them by not writing their own songs is narrow-minded .
 I 've read enough about t.A.T.u. to believe that they did n't contribute much to this album other than their voices , but nevertheless , 200 KM/H is a firecracker of an album.The main thing that impresses me about Julia and Lena are their vocal dynamics . `` Not Gon na Get Us '' illustrates this about as well as any other track , if not more . From the soft interludes , to the energetic blitzkrieg of the chorus , these two always manage to deliver a powerful vocal performance despite the volume they may be singing at . Just one example of how this album keeps you on your toes . `` Not Gon na Get Us '' has to be one of my favorite dance tunes of all time , a song packed with more energy than just about any other pop/dance tune I 've ever heard!I was a huge fan of the Smiths ' `` How Soon is Now ? '' when it was released on radio back in the 80s , and t.A.T.u. does an rather impressive job reprising that cut . The Smiths ' version tended to sound a bit depressing , which was part of its effectiveness , but t.A.T.u. adds a bit more kick to the song , practically making it more appealing than the version Morrissey and the boys came out with.Admittedly , their songwriting ability needs improvement , considering they did n't write the songs for 200 KM/H . Nevertheless , you can feel the mood of the lyrics they are singing
 These girls are awesome ! First off , they 're an openly lesbian group . That 's brave . Plus , their music is outstanding ! I mainly listen to metal -LRB- MuDvAyNe , Disturbed , Killswitch Engage , In Flames , Bile , Murderdolls , Metallica , and others -RRB- and even I love this group . This is definitely a must have for anyone into music on any scale .
 From that amazing video to their saucy , polished to the nth degree image this great duo is all about the music . Their infectious , europop/techno beats - embellished with a touch of `` alternative feeling '' - lingers persistency even after the homoerotic element seems to wear out . Do n't listen to the critics , judge for yourselves . They 're number one all over Europe and soon to conquer America.Marvelous stuff !
 t.A.T.u. will certainly give the part of the music industry concerned with teen-pop divas quite a shock.This duo , composed of Russian teens Lena Katina and Julia Volkova , are a product of music-video mastermind and executive producer Ivan Shapovalov . The good thing about this is that Shapovalov is much smarter than the pop-music marketing geniuses who signed Britney a few years ago . Ms. Spears may sell a sexy image , just as t.A.T.u. do , but Lena and Julia have two things that make all the difference
 okay-don ' t listen to all those people that are saying its bad . ITS NOT . its one of my favorite CDs ever . if you like the first two singles `` All the things she said '' and `` Not gon na get us '' YOU WILL LOVE the CD . at first i was VERY hesitant about buying it , then decided , `` you know what , i 'm just gon na go for it '' and when i played it , i was soooo surprised !! every single song on the CD is so good ! i coulnd ' t beleive it ! the only other CD i listened to that had all the songs on it were really good was Evanescence . please , do n't listen to the others that say `` they suck , they 're gay '' they may be lesbian , but that do n't mean they ca n't make good music .1 . Not gon na get us 10/10
 I love this CD , it 's because of this CD that I 've decided to learn Russian . Now it 's only fair to say that this CD has really only 8 tracks , track 9 & 10 are the real/Russian versions of the songs `` Not Gon na Get Us '' and `` All The Things She Said '' and track 11 is an Extended version of `` Show Me Love '' which is track 3 on the CD . If I had one favorite song on the CD it would have to be `` MALCHIK GAY '' which translated into english means `` GAY BOY '' but that 's my only personal chanson-de-choix . I definitly recommend this CD if you like kinda-angry music , dance , and altogether great to me . Hope you enjoy it . Also if you listen to track 5 and like the theme song to `` CHARMED '' then you 'll definitly like `` HOW SOON IS NOW ? '' .
 Imagine a darker Abba with monster guitars , techno driving drums and you might get close to what Tatu sound like . Yes , they 're gorgeous -LRB- and they 've never said they were lesbians , they said they were bi - very big difference but WHO CARES ! -RRB- As to the criticism that they do n't write their songs , do n't play instruments -LRB- not true , both are classically trained -RRB- and do n't produce themselves , well , there goes Elvis , I guess . Rock acts , especially pop acts , are a combination of the act itself , their producers and their marketing people . ALL rock acts . I was n't interested until I saw them on a British TV show and a late night US show , both times playing live , and they knocked me on my rear end , very strong , tight , heavy band . `` All The Things You Said , '' `` Show Me Love '' and `` Not Gon na Get Us '' are absolutely KILLER tracks , play them loud and you 'll hear classic Europop that rocks very , very hard . Great stuff . Sure they 're packaged and promoted . SO WERE NIRVANA . That 's rock and roll , y' all , and Tatu rock like crazy .
 Despite what some might say , there is nothing `` chirpy '' about the cover of `` How Soon Is Now ? '' - it 's even more melancholic than the original . Between the lyrics , their content , and the music , I would have to say that this is already one of my favorite albums . It 's a terrific album . The pop/techno sound of the music has an ethereal quality to it . My only regret is that it 's so short . I have no problem with their accents and am pleased that the Russian version of two of the songs are included on the disc . We could do with some more international influence . Whether or not this is a marketing scheme , this album is well worth owning . There is nothing empty or mediocre about it . It is touching and emotional , serious and poignant . `` Malchik Gay '' is the only lighthearted sounding song on the album , and even that has a somberness to it -LRB- if one listens to lyrics , as some people obviously do not -RRB- . A very intense and passionate masterpiece . I hope T.A.T.U. succeeds .
 I really recommend this cd ... it 's just one of those that , when you hear , you like , you go search for the lyrics and you find out i ` ts not just ... love songs , they go out straight from the heart , it 's ... AMAZING !!!
 This is my fave cd of all time . The songs speak truths and send messages that need to be heard . The sound of the songs makes you want to sing and dance and shout . I hink everyone can relate to these songs in their own way . Check it out .
 I sort of stumbled upon T.A.T.U. when one of my friends heard them on the radio and spent the next two days trying to hear their song again . I happened to be in the car with her when she succeeded and ` All the Things She Said ' came on the radio . I went out and bought the album , without hearing any of the other songs , two days later . Each song has such good messages and mixed in with really good electronica sound - I 've had the cd for two months , I still ca n't stop listening to it . I 'll hold my breath for what they will produce next .
 t.A.T.u. is one of the most amazing groups I think out there . They 're down to earth and have an amazing sound . I ca n't stop listening to the cd it 's sooo good . Who cares if they 're lesbians all that matters is that their music sounds good and they appriciate their fans !!
 This album is great , i loved each song from the first time i listened to the album n dont find i hafta skip some which is usuali the case with other albums ! definately worth the money for such gd quality music !
 I love this cd so much i ca n't stop listening to it ! The words are wonderfully written i can relate to it . And i love the style of music they use . The beat is great and there voicies are beatiful . I really think everyone should get this cd and the future ones of there 's !! Buy this cd !!
 t.A.T.uWhat could I say more than the fact that I have never been so impressed by such talented young performers as they are . t.A.T.u consists of two teenage girls of the ages now both 18 , whom have been so controversial because of their hit song , `` All the things she said '' . Mesmerizing the audience with their seductive , sexual need and want for one another , it has caused quite the uproar for those who disagree with these tactics due mostly to the age of when it all started.What the public does not understand is that their project is to lure the audience in a psycholdelic journey that displays the dark and light of life through the freedom of artistic expression . Somehow , a percentage of an audience has not grasped this theatrical perforance during their journey and instead , this same small percentage has created these negative speculations about the duo . The soon to be smaller percentage , disregards the fact that they have really been taken on a good ride to the point where it has become so believable leaving the audience to react and question everything.In essence , t.A.T.u should be praised just for these factors because if you listen to their whole cd , you , too , can find that cynical emotion that can be related to in your life at one point of time.t.A.T.u is doing a great job and I have nothing but total support for these girls for they have already made it BIG everywhere but the U.S. . This is where I find it ironic because it is the U.S. who has done nothing but voice how artists have nothing but the right to express themselves freely especially through pure work of art . Because , that is what t.A.T.u is -- ART ! So , I think that it is time that people stop pretending that this is some sort of shock value to them and to move on and focus on the beautiful lyrics and the well formatted beats that their music has provided to those with the open mind .
 The lyrics are heart felt , the melodies are provacative , and over all the very image the two artist of TATU project is an embodiment of what girls of this time are about . The whole cookie cutter look brought on by pop stars Brittany Spears and Mandy More has had its time . Tatu is the new breed of girl icons that stray from the conservative lyrics , innocent visage , ... and orthodox sexual preferance .
 When I first heard t.A.T.u. 's single `` All The Things She Said '' I thought it was a really cool song . Shortly after I felt I had to buy the album , `` 200 km/h in the Wrong Lane '' to see just how the rest of their music was . Instantly I fell in love . This is a wonderful album and I listen to it quite a lot , especially when I 'm working out at the gym .
 You have to get this CD . The music on it is fresh and intoxicating , and will leave you asking for more . The girls have talent , unlike lots of other leading artists today . If you want good , exciting music , get this CD
 when I first saw tatu on MTV news ' upcoming bands at 3:30 AM like a year ago I loved Julia and Lena . when i was waiting for the US release of 200 KM/H in the wrong lane I got a bounch of their Russian songs and they were great !! Then the US album was released and I got my friends hooked on TATU too !!! Buy this album . Tatu is like teckno and pop and 2 great girls singing.you will like it trust me .
 When I first heard of T.A.T.U , I was not sure if they would be as big a hit in the United States as in their homeland of Russia . However , after hearing their first English album , I have no doubts that they are surely on their way to winning the hearts of many of American listeners . Their songs are quite different from many American groups , and is a much needed refreshment from the same sounds heard on the radio . Their music ranges from pop to slow , heartfelt love songs . They even have a superior cover of How Soon Is Now ? by 80 's group The Smiths . After thorough review of this album , I mast say that I would recommend it to anyone , because it has something for everyone .
 i never thought that i would be listing to moscow pop , but this is a very well done cd with good tracks and nice tones
 Two beautiful young girls/women that not only look hot but sound hot too . Welcome to the new sound of music . Interscope has turned Two Russian Girls Russian pop music into English for the enjoyment of the whole world . Yulia -LRB- Short black hair -RRB- and Lena -LRB- long red curly hair -RRB- have combined the love they feel for each other and a powerful energy to create the English album 200 Km/h In The Wrong Lane . This cd is packed with a new pop sound about being a girl loving another girl , with twists and turns to surprise the ear . Being straight I have to admit this record really got to me . It 's some of the best music I have ever heard and I am sure you will agree ! With the released single off the new album `` All The Things She Said '' will soon be on all the radio stations throughout the U.S.A and Canada . Spend a few bucks and buy this new album and you will have a piece of what the world of music is going to become . I have the greatest respect for both Yulia and Lena for breaking the language barrier to bring us their wonderful new music . This was truly an awesome and amazing album .
 I love TATU . i ` ve been listenin to their music for about a year . i got only 2 listen to 2 of their songs in english and the rest were all in Russin . Both in english and Russin , they sound great , i love this group . the only thing i fear of is a good group like this goin bad due to the mainstream of pop music in the US . Many underground groups have sold out and their music go to waste , i hope this wo n`t happen to TATU . TATU is a great group , they sound great in both engilsh and Russin even though u do n`t know what they are sayin when u listenin to Russin , if u do n`t know Russin like me . So u should get the CD , i already got the import of their Russian CD and it was great , and i ca n`t wait to go out and get their english version .
 The sound of this group certainly brings a fresh air into electro music genre . With a varied well-blended sounds , T.A.T.U has brought attentions from music lovers all over the world . You would think two girls from Russia would be hard to penetrate the already over-crowded music scene , especially to penetrate American markets.T.A.T.U has proven everybody that their music speaks for themselves ; creating a unique atmosphere -LRB- a blend of synth , electro , & pop -RRB- . Do n't hesitate to pick this one up ... . Definitely deserves more than 5 stars ! Peace ...
 Julia and Lena , two girls from Moscow , Russia , thrashed the charts with their mouth droppin single , all the things she said . Their new album ,200 Km/h in the Wrong Lane , is one of the best I have heard in a long time . Their outright , in your face , bold show of lesbian love is just captivating . I 've been obsessed with the song from the moment I heard it . It 's almost scary how fast it has blown up , and so much support , I 've never seen anything like it . Most bands have a fan club for a while and then they fade , but t.A.T.u. has a loving community of fans and so much support . Why not ? The two sexy chicks from Russia have a lot of fans from gays and lesbians , and bisexuals . Everything they do is just eye-opening . If you want to know more , visit the website , ... and find out for yourself !
 I freaking < 3 this CD . My friend David told me about some of the songs on it and I was hearing `` All the things she said '' on the radio alot , so I decided to buy the whole CD . It 's so good ! My favorite songs on the CD are `` Ya Shosla S Uma '' and `` Stars '' . I highly recommend this CD ! It 's awesome !
 I heard `` All the Things She Said '' on WWE , thought it was pretty catchy and cool , then i heard it at the bowling alley o.O I searched for WWE Victoria in Audio ... The filename was Tatu - All The Things She Said So i searched there and grabbed the most popular songs ... I have this stuff on repeat ... It 's a great song . . And I 'm getting the CD
 t.a.t.u always leaves me begging for more . you make me happy , sad , have teenage angst , feel all the confusion in the world and I love you for it . Tatu 's albums speaks my MIND .
 I 'm not a pop fan at all . My music is hard and dark . But after seeing the music video for All the Things She Said -LRB- Which is great and the song is the best -RRB- , I went out and bought the album . After listening to the songs only once I knew it was a new favorite of mine . The music is catchy , the songs stick , and the message is clear.The only problem I had with this CD is that there are really only 8 songs . They are all short , but they all are good.Don ' t be turned off by the lesbian thing -LRB- which , guys , if you are ... there is somthing wrong ... -RRB- . Go out and get the album !
 I Think that this album is GREAT ! I think That all of the songs on the album are really good and the lyrics make you think . Ok , so sometimes they are a bit screechy eg . not gonns get us , but Overall they are a brilliant band and have talent.They have a variety of different songs , from slow e.g stars to faste.g all the things she said . I do n't think there 's anything wrong with being homosexual at all , and most of the people who write the bad reviews are probably homophobic.P.s If you like the music side to tatu , you might like to look at thier russian albums , there really good !
 I had to respond to the reviewer who said they did n't have stage presence and did n't interact with their audience . This conclusion could only be reached if all you have seen are the US talk show performances . During videos of their European performances , they interact with energy and expression . They are all over the stage and are very expressive . I saw the same differences in their interviews . Julia is animated and very expressive in the spontaneous European interviews as is Lena . In US interviews only a little of this expressiveness comes out .
 I really liked this cd . The songs are great they come across as lite and fun but when you listen to the lyrics you see how deep they are . True the girls did n't songs but that does n't make them bad . I love when artists write there own songs but it 's not a requirement for a great song . As far as the lesbian thing who cares if it 's real or marketing . Too much importance is put on musicians personal life who cares . These girls have great voices and sing great songs with terrific music . All the Things She Said and Not Gon na Get Us get all the praise and are good but not the best the album has to offer . Stars is touching even though part of it is in Russian . How Soon is Now wonderful the first time I heard it I was trying to figure where I knew it from I finally did . Clowns and Show Me Love are wonderful .
 In a world where music is getting duller by the moment it seems , only a few make it to the top . Most of which are by their looks and not their talent , none of them really behind a reason for what they are doing other than to get famous . t.A.T.u. on the other hand , has a reason along with looks and talent . Maybe their music is n't the best , who cares if they do or do not they write their own songs , or if they really are in-love with each other or a scheme . One thing they have shown is strength , not to take criticism about what other people may say about them . As they have said themselves , this album is to help teenagers -LRB- like themselves -RRB- to find who they are and that it is o.k. to love whoever they want . And as you listen to their songs , you can see them trying to get this point across.I recommend this CD to anyone . For it 's not just the music , but the reason behind it . I know for a fact , that a lot of people have been touched by what they sing and that it has helped them in many ways . Even though it may be repetitious in English , in Russian it is far more complex than you would think . As I conclude my review I again want to recommend it for anyone , and if you like them you might also want to check out their Russian album .
 What else is there to say except these girls can sing !
 I really love the t.A.T.u cd and tatu for that matter . Ever since the first time that i listened to the cd ... i can never stop its an obsession and i have found myself likein the remixes and russian songs too ! its just an awsome cd and i think they 2 girls -LRB- Yulia Volkova and Elena Katina -RRB- have extraordinary talent that they use to the maximum ! I also think about the whole lesbein thing that well ... its not my life ... but it is there and they have the freedom to to watever they want . I 'd give this a 10 star rating if i could ... i 'd also recommend it to anyone that likes ... Rock/Pop/Techno cause tatu songs have all these qualities !! I love t.A.T.u !!
 I 'll keep this short and simple this album is an impressive debut by two talented artist 's -LRB- both are fully traind musician 's -RRB- and if certain people did any kind of home work they would know that the majority of Tatu fan 's are in fact teenage Girl 's / young Women and not dirty old Men as some people on here claim.Anyway the music is brilliant for the best part of the album only Malchik Gay is a let down since they changed the music from the brilliant Techno of the original Russian version to a quite annoying Acoustic sound , the diffinate highlight 's for me are Show Me Love and Clown 's which is a beatifull meoldy.In closing this is great album that is worth the money regardless of what some ill-informed people tell you .
 t.A.T.u. 's English debut album , 200 KM/H in the Wrong Lane is a must buy for any fan of pop music . The entire cd is full of infectuous melodies , while at the same time , provides a very great message about not being afraid to be who you are . These girls have a lot of talent and this is easily seen in their first single , `` All the Things She Said , '' which has reached the # 1 spot in many countries all over the world . This song is just a sample of the great songs on the cd . Malchik Gay is an excellent song with great bass lines and guitar melodies with the girls intoxicating voices . The next single to be released , `` Not Gon na Get Us '' is truly a highlight , with its dance beat and techno-pop influence , it is sure to become a big hit . There is really no ` bad ' song on the album . t.A.T.u. proves that you can be a pop singer and still send out an important message .
 Seriously , this cd ROCKS ! I listen to the whole cd , nonstop . Its one of those CD 's where . . you dont have to skip any songs . ALlLLLLlLlLlL of them are awesome . I especially like the song 30 mins . . I say you get the cd ... whats not to love ?
 THIS CD IS A REALLY GREAT CD I LOVE THE WAY ALL OF THERE MUSIC HAS SO MUCH FEELING IN IT AND I CANT WAIT TELL T.A.T.U COMES OUT WITH ANOTHER CD IN THE US I THINK THAT U SHOULD BYE THIS CD ITS REALY A GREAT CD .
 Hey Everybody , I bought this CD and ca n't stoplistening to it , or watching it -LRB- it is enhanced -RRB- . You all should buy it , and check out to read more see more and droolover the lovely ladies of T.a.T.u.
 Amazing . Brilliant . Incredible . The most beautifully powerful lyrics I have heard in years
 what can I say ? the video `` all the things she said '' is just incredible . I bought the single and the album . I love t.A.T.u. . Yulia and Lena are just cute . all singles of the LP are fantastic , even the russian ones . The whole album is a kind of rock-alternative but there are also slow songs which are great .
 When I first heard t.A.T.u I was n't sure but after a few listens I was hooked ! I brought the album 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane and I have n't stopped listening to it ! It has lots of different styles on it and will appeal to a range of tastes , there is pop , dance , rock and some more melodic songs
 T.A.T.U is an awesome band , coming from the country of Russia . There music will captivate you in a beautiful Mind blowing enigma of sounds and lyrics . There song `` All the things she said '' , has already given them a name for them selves on MTV , Muchmusic , and MTV2 . I personally would recommend anyone to this CD . Beleave meYou wo n't regret it .
 I know it may seem a little extreme , but hey , I bought their CD . ^_^ Their sound is so refreshing , just like anime , ever song has a story . I can relate to the feeling given off by the songs , not being accepted because your different , because you do n't meet peoples standards . Well , as t.A.T.u. would say `` F# % k Y$ U '' if you think like that . Well anyway to the main point , it is refreshing and inspiring , especially if your tired of american music . Their music is spiritual and you should definatly check it out if you have any urge for something new and refreshing/spiritual . I almost felt as though I was there with them in Russia .
 This album is a hell of a lot of fun . It is filled with a great pumping rhythm and makes you bump to the beat ! There is no folk music or sad sad problems drawn out in horrible harmony . This album may have it 's angst ridden lyrics but it is just so much fun to dance to . Many of the songs are written like action movie scripts with lyrics like `` Not gon na get us '' and `` Do we run ? Should I hide ? For the rest of my life ? `` I originally bought this CD after hearing `` All the Things She Said '' on the radio . Lo and behold this CD kicked my butt and then I got a look at the insert pictures . Hot , my friends . Definitly HOT . The music is awesome , the singers gorgeous . What more could you want ?!?! I am definitly waiting impatiently for a new album !
 `` Our first video was about love between two girls . Love , just love . We do not pretend to be lesbians , we 've never said we were . Julia just had a baby , and currently has a girlfriend , and we 've both always had boyfriends . We share a special bond . We do n't like labels for emotions . People should not be forced to define their feelings . These are natural and can not be labeled . '' -- LenaSo there you have it people . Now we could all argue that they did kinda say they were lesbians or at least their managers , producers , and publicists did which is kinda the same thing . But as we all know the girls did n't have much artistic control on this album and it does show . Did they themselves even write a single song on this album ? The booklet seems to go to extrime lengths to make the answer to that question unclear , writing the name of the lyricist off in the corner and on some songs not even mentioning the lyrics . The T.a.T.u girls also have the bad habit of lip-syncing shows maybe more then actually performing live.But enough with the bad things about them ! `` Publicity gimmik '' notwithstanding Lena Katina and Julia Volkova are very talented singers , with higher registers that make Opera Sopranos jealous . They put a lot of emotion into their songs even if they did n't write them all ... if any of them . And playing up the lesbian angle does n't hurt their status with boys or girls in the end . Boys will be into the kissing and stuff and girls -LRB- like me -RRB- find them impowering . These girls do n't say sorry for anything , they are the way they are -LRB- whatever that actually is , only they really know -RRB- no saying sorry included . So their publicist exploited an angle . So what ? That 's Show Bizz people get used to it . And it is a sad truth that scandals sell better then talent -LRB- even though I can not stress how much talent these two have -RRB- , that is a cold hard PROVEN fact . Yes , it 's low , yes it 's a dirty , under-handed tactic but again that 's Show Business , baby.Though , getting back to Lena saying that they never SAID they were together or lesbians , they did kinda to be honest . On the behind the scenes stuff on this very CD Lena says `` We are singing about love '' and gestures to herself and Julia . Later , Lena says `` We 're very different but at the same time we 're the same . And that 's why ... we love each other . '' and takes Julia 's hand . Yes , that is not flat out saying `` HELLO , WE 'RE LESBIAN LOVERS '' but it gives the false impression that they are . But I guess in the end it does n't really matter if they lied or not . What matters is they make very good music ... or at least provide the vocals for anyway.TRACK BREAKDOWN : Not Gon na Get Us 9/10All the Things She Said 11/10Show Me Love 10/1030 Minutes 11/10How Soon Is Now ? 9.5 / 10Clowns -LRB- can you see me now ? -RRB- 9.5 / 10Malchik Gay 10/10Stars 100/10Ya Shosla S Uma -LRB- Russian ver . of All the Things She Said -RRB- 11/10Nas Ne Dagoniat -LRB- Russian ver . of Not Gon na Get Us -RRB- 10/10-better in Russian
 I 've not stopped listening to this CD since early 2003 . The songs still strike me like lightening everytime I hear them . Lena and Julia 's voices pierce every emotion that I feel like a sweet screaming banshee . It can be best described as if while they are singing they are taking me by the hand and literally running as fast as we can go through the drama of all the emotions , bitter , sweet , angry , elated . Listening to these songs is like a religious experience . They are sung with Brutally honest passion . It is passion that keeps me hooked to Tatu . I want to thank them for being there for me like a friend would as I go through the drama of life . They sing to me and I am taken to another place and for 4 minutes everything is okay . Tatu is my therapy . I met a guy and knew that I could never have him and then listened to `` maljik gay '' ... the words `` handsome , tender soft , why do you look right through me ? thinking-no I ca n't deny my feelings growing stronger . . I keep believing dreaming on and everytime I see you I cry . . more I wan na be the object of your passion but it 's hopeless '' . Profound ! It made me feel as if I was not the only one feeling this way and it comforted me . Thank you Julia and Lena .
 T.A.T.u is a great duo band!Their voices are pure & sweet.But they 're also powerful & bitter.T.A.T.u is a revoultionary band that was pressed as lesbian lovers to make them popular.If they are true lesbians we do n't know but the fact was they were a marketing scheme that turned out to be so much more!This band is revoulutionary because they 're not the normal mainstream pop.Instead the add the sounds of dance , techno , & rock to make they 're songs wonderful.The album is filled with dance tracks filled with heavy electric guitars.But without the singing it would not be complete.Julia & Lena 's voices compine to make a sound know as unison.At one point they both sing , then one solo , then one solo while the other sings backround.As I said before their voices are incrediable!They hit the highest notes making it look easy!They 're Not Gon na Get Us-10 / 10 its so cute!How they run away & they 'll stay together always.its the second single.All The Things She Said-10 / 10 its so sad ... buts cute too ... they want each other and they do n't care what people think ... its the first singleShow Me Love-10 / 10 how they want the other to show them love ... so cute & masochistic at the same time30 Minutes-10 / 10 so cute sorta gothicy too.its the thrid singleHow Soon Is Now ? -8 / 10 its sorta more on the rock side and its sorta punk.its single fourClowns-20 / 10 its so gothicy and the lyrics are addictive!Dang!Malcick Gay -LRB- Gay Boy -RRB- -7 / 10 its wierdStars-20 / 10 O_O OMG !!!!!!! Ya Shosla S Uma-10 / 10 same thing as for what i said for the english All The Things She SaidNas Ne Dagoniat-10 / 10 same thing as Not Gon na Get UsShow Me Love-20 / 10 ooo spicy !!! in the beginning there is a guitar solo!grade = A + + Get it * NOW !!!! *
 I first heard t.A.t.U like most people through their single `` All the Things She Said '' but after hearing `` Not Gon na Get Us '' I was hooked ! The music/beat is something I can really dance to and the lyrics are n't half bad . There 've been a lot of press that the lesbian duo are putting on an act to sell records , true or not the music and lyrics are very good . Another plus is the Russian versions of some of the songs are just as good , even if you do n't understand the language . Marketing ploy or not the music is good , the lyrics are n't too bad , and it 's just something you can DANCE to !
 Though the album is slim , barely considered an LP by most music buyers ' standards , its energetic music proves to be worry enough for Amazon.com 's asking price.Since there are many reviews , both negative and positive , about this album , I will try to describe the mood of each song and give you a sample of the lyrics I thought were great and representative of each song.With each song , as other reviewers have written , there is a bit of repetition to the lyrics , but this only adds to the quality of the music in my opinion . The choruses repeated over and over only add emphasis to the message and build up the listener 's excitement to hear the next stanza . Just my opinion though . -LRB- If you 're having trouble finding the Russian version , go to their official Russian website and you can download it for free . -RRB- 1 -RRB- `` Not Gon na Get Us '' 10/10 - Heaviest song on the album , very loud with chunky beats , keeps a fast pace throughout most of the song . It 's mood is energetic and like most t.A.T.u. song 's , it speaks of liberation . `` Nothing ca n't stop us ! Not now ! I love you ! They 're not gon na get us ! They 're not gon na get us ! 2 -RRB- `` ATTSS '' 10/10 - Most recognizeable song on the album , was their breakout song of January/February of 2003 . It starts with a keyboard and leads into the song with drums . The mood of the song is exciting , but does carry a somber note . The lyrics speak of being oppressed , but not allowing society to bring you down because they do not accept you . In the end , you do not have to accept society . '' ... Being with you/Has opened my eyes/Could I ever believe/Such a perfect suprise ? ... `` 3 -RRB- `` Show Me Love '' 8/10 - Starts with a phone call between the two girls in Russian . The transcript of the conversation can be found at various websites . Continues slowly with a song about a lover telling another to be more open with their affections , this is a song I enjoy very much . `` Tell me how you 've never felt , delicate or innocent/Do you still have doubts that us having faith make any sense . `` 4 -RRB- `` 30 Minutes '' 9/10 - Slow song laced with laughter and piano notes throughout , carrying a theme of two lovers with only a short amount of time to make an important decision , whether that be interpreted as sexual or just a parting of the two , it has been debated . `` 30 minutes the blink of an eye/30 minutes to alter our lives/30 minutes to make up my mind . . `` 5 -RRB- `` How Soon Is Now ? '' 9/10 - Only non-dance track supported by guitar and drums , a cover of The Smiths original . Exciting song about equality . I prefer this version over the original . `` How can you say/I go about things the wrong way ? / I am Human and I need to be loved/Just like everybody else does `` 6 -RRB- `` Clowns '' -LRB- Can You See Me Now ? -RRB- 8/10 - Very light and fast sounding track speaking of letting people know the real you . `` All this black and cruel despair/This is an emergency/Don ' t you hide your eyes from me/Open them and see me now `` 7 -RRB- `` Malchik Gay '' -LRB- Gay Boy -RRB- 7/10 - Acoustic song played fast with a theme of a straight girl hopelessly in love with a gay boy . It took me a few listens before I began to enjoy this . `` Handsome , tender , soft , / why do you look right through me . / Thinking
 This is a great CD . Even though Yulia -LRB- or Julia -RRB- and Lena went around saying there were lesbians -LRB- which they 're not ... in fact , Yulia is now a mother from her BOYFRIEND -RRB- , they 're still great singers and that does n't stop this from being a great album.Not Gon na Get Us -9 / 10All the Things She Said -10 / 10 - Even though this song was played nonstop on the radio , same to the vid on TV , I still love it.Show Me Love -9 / 10 - I like the way the song begins . The phone is ringing . Music begins as someone picks up and speaks in Russian . Then , the songs begins . Wonderful music and melody .30 Minutes -10 / 10 - A little light music plays , while we hear two laughing . Then , singing begins , with wonderfully deep lyrics.How Soon is Now ? -8 / 10 - Not a favorite of mine , but still good to listen to.Clowns -LRB- Can You See Me Now ? -RRB- -10 / 10 - My personal favorite . Wonderful music and melody . Really gets down in your mind.Malchik Gay -6 / 10 - Really rarely will I listen to this one.Stars -5 / 10 - Reminds me of supermarket music . Not that great.Ya Sholsa S Uma -10 / 10 - The Russian counterpart of All the Things She Said . I think it sounds better in RussianNas ne Dagoniat -10 / 10 - The Russian counterpart of Not Gon na Get Us . I love this version , too , over the original.Show Me Love -LRB- extended version -RRB- -10 / 10 - LOVE the intro to this . Though it 's a variation on the original , still awesome.Lena and Yulia are amazing singers and I hope they 'll be coming out -LRB- hahaha ... coming out -RRB- with more albums .
 With today 's trends leaning more and more towards `` lesbian chic '' and such , girl on girl action has become just another ordinary , yet still discouraged , occurance ; however , two of the forerunners of this trend , Lena and Yulia of t.A.T.u. , have found a distinguished way to separate themselves from the typical `` I make out with girls for attention '' fad-followers
 I first heard the duo 's `` All The Things She Said '' around springtime 2003 . I really really liked the song and a few weeks later , I picked up the CD at Target as another eclectic element of my very varied CD collection . I was glad to hear more catchy and fast dance tunes , as well as melodic and angsty crooning .1 . NOT GON NA GET US - Awesome song , really all over the place . Throughout the song you hear the cool way they strain their voice that almost makes them sound like they are in pain . 4 out of 5.2 . ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID - Addictive little song . I snatched up an mp3 of it online before I bough the album and would put it on repeat . This song does n't totally define them , I 'd probably leave that more to something like SHOW ME LOVE , but this good stuff . 4.5 out of 5.3 . SHOW ME LOVE - My favorite . The lyrics are insane ! I wish I could understand the phone conversation in the beginning , even though it 's probably just an artsy flair . Sounds cool , anyway . 5 out of 5.4 . 30 MINUTES - Pretty song , but also relatively conventional . I enjoy the playful and ethereal laughing and echoes . 2.75 out of 5.5 . HOW SOON IS NOW ? - If you ever watch Charmed , this is Tatu 's take on the main credits music . Pretty good , you can definitely feel the singing in this song . However , this song does n't really seem to make an impression . 3 out of 5.6 . CLOWNS -LRB- Can You See Me Now ? -RRB- - Nice and rhythmic , and obviously a little strange . Might freak you out if you are afraid of clowns . 3.5 out of 5.7 . MALCHIK GAY - My friend said that MALCHIK GAY means `` Gay Boy '' in Russian . Interesting . This is probably the most American-sounding of all their songs , except for the subject matter . The tune and the chorus remind me of some other songs that I have heard . 3.5 out of 5.8 . STARS - Awesome song ! The vocals are gorgeous and everything just seems to work well
 i love this cd i heard all the songs this is a good cd i love this cd im so happy i got this cd you should get the cd
 I am very pleased with the entire cd ! The songs are infectious . They remind me so much of ABBA . However , Tatu 's songs are so much more in tune with life and love !
 This is my personal opinion about the quality of this album , which is more POP ROCK than the Russian album which is more DANCE POP :1 . Not gon na get us
 A friend introduced me to the band yesterday evening . I took the liberty of downloading the album to check it out -LRB- Yes , I still buy my music , but I like to hear it first -RRB- ... I read up on the act on MTV 's website -LRB- and checked out the photos . Nice -RRB- . What you 're looking at are two russian girls , ages 17 and 18 , who have parents in the music business and - as the review states - a well-known and renowned producer . The girls are not confessed lesbians - they 're marketed as such . They seem to take the stance that they love one another , but it remains to be seen if that love is purely friendly or if it 's actually something more ... As for the music -LRB- which is really all that matters , unless you stare at album covers while you 're listening -RRB-
 Likened by many critics to the boybands that have constantly cluttered our airwaves for what seems like centuries , these dual Russian pop sensations seemed to have been met with mixed reviews and harmed in some ways by their sexuality ploy to push their way in the door . Not immune to this , I have to say that I , too , was a little distraught to hear that someone else was defaming the already unsalvageable realm dubbed the music industry with yet another marketing ploy . Yes , when I first heard of t.A.T.u. and the ploy used to sell their albums , I found myself invariably skeptical of what content their album could hold . Still , I opted to listen to their Russian release first , and I noticed something that the press seemed to have left out ; that the rudimentary elements of a band that seemed like they could be entertaining actually existed within that premanufacture publicity ploy . Accordingly , I went out to purchase 200 Km/H in the wrong Lane and have been entertained by it ever since.Although the sound is definitely crafted from the mainstream intersections that pop feeds from , the album still had a few gems hidden inside it that I actually found myself enjoying . From the frantic beats and hasty lyrics of `` Not Gon na Get Us '' I found something to entertain my temponic cravings , then I found myself and my lack of radio station ingestation paying off as the ballad-with-a-beat `` All The Things She Said '' kicked in , and the album went from there . Personally I found Clowns one of the more meritable tracks listed , because their `` floating forests in the air '' analogies in the lyrics seem beautiful for some reason.This is n't to say that everything about the album is perfect , mind you , nor is this review saying that I agree with the way the tracks were arranged . There are a few portions here and there that reflect opposing polarities on the listening spectrum , taking a person to heights only to throw them abruptly to the sorrowful ground , and this annoyed me a bit . Still , the rest of the album more than made up for it.If you have n't heard the album or its tracks yet , simply listen to a sample provided and determine if you like that or not . If you do and you agree with those voices , then you 'll find yourself in agreeance that this is , perhaps , and overlooked work because its marketing ploy overshadows the quality of the two singers involved .
 A lot of people have tried to pass this album -LRB- and this group -RRB- off as a marketing gimmic . Sure , two young lesbian producers making an album together DOES sound like the kind of thing that would get young males -LRB- American or Russian -RRB- into stores , but that turned out to be just a lot of talk.A lot of people also like to bash them for not speaking english , which does impart a slightly strange sound to their singing , but thats not a bad thing in any sense . Actually I think its something good , it adds another side to the sound , but even if they were just singing while beating on pots and pans this album would still be great because unlike basically any other pop-rock act in the world they actually have lyrics that are pleasant to listen to.Its full of bittersweet imagery and jumps from manically happy to the dark depths of depression . If you like music at all then at least one song on this album is for you , and no matter what your style preferences it will grow on you until you love all of it .
 I just got the cd last night at Best Buy , and i like it . T.A.t.u 's debut album is a mix of great lyrics and catchy music put in one . To extend this review even more , i 'm gon na break it down by songs .1 . Not Gon na Get Us
 Tatu should be extremely proud of their debut offering - the only way is up for these two.The musical arrangements and production on this album are truly a breath of fresh air through the stale fug of `` R&B '' , tired old rap , cheesey trance and the ubiquitous and empty sound of two-step . They also give a kick in the pants to some of the rock/metal bands - so no-one is safe!The voices are pleasing when not forced to the tops of the girl 's developing ranges , where they tend to sound a little chipmonky - probably due to transposition software - and they both appear able to carry melodies . I assume that they actually wrote some of them , although it 's absolutely evident that the musical arrangements and production are done by experts - very well indeed , it has to be said . The collection of music on this album is very varied - it may be a tired phrase , but it really does have something for everyone . I mean - a cover of The Smiths!The outstanding moments are Trevor Horn 's masterful reworking of `` All The Things She Said '' , which spent many weeks at the top of the UK charts - a notable achievement these days.None of how the music came about matters - and has n't mattered since the Mowtown/Spector days of putting attractive girls with pleasant voices into recording studios to sell records . The girls have plenty of latent talent - and a potential for a spellbinding stage presence , if the numerous videos are anything to go by . It is a mistake to dis them as having `` no talent '' , even if it is obvious that they did not do all of the musical work . It would be very interesting to find out how much they did write.Whether they have longevity is uncertain - the marketing gimmick they have will only last so long , then a fickle music-buying public may well simply drop them , as they did the Spice Girls , etc. . The sense of dark humour and irony that runs through the whole album is a streak they should keep a hold of - and never take themselves too seriously.This album shows so much promise in the girls , and is a work of art in itself that goes way beyond the catchy pop hooks and studio `` magic dust '' . The marketing people behind them are absolute geniuses!Buy it - it 's fantastic !
 Everyone keeps comparing these girls to Britney Spears , Cristina Aguilera , and groups like the Indigo Girls or Spice Girls . How further from the truth . If your new to Tatu and wondering wether to buy this CD or not they are a teenage lesbian duo -LRB- the name tatu literally translated means girl loves girl -RRB- . Yet any band who plays with such Metal artists as Ramnstein and Prodigy is far from the Aaron Carter or Britney Spears genre . They are more pop fuesed with Industrial -LRB- techno and hard rock -RRB- . Most of the songs are really electronic , hence the techno , and they sound alot more like Madonna than the Spice Girls . The best songs on this album are `` All the Things She Said '' , `` Not Gon na Get Us '' , and `` Ya Soshla S Uma '' which means I 've lost my mind . If you want the shock rock style like Marilyn Manson or Skillet , but fuesed with Pop then you 'll like Tatu ; and if your one of those Avril Lavigne posers then try something real . I hate most pop , but this group is pretty good .
 One thing 's for sure about certain teen-pop -- it 's the musical equivalent of eating a whole carton of coffee-flavoured Haagen Daz . Guilty pleasure , definitely , and I notice that the younger the artists , the guiltier the pleasure . Examples include Sweet Sensation back in the late 1980 's and more recently , Play.Then there 's t.A.T.u. , the Russian duo Julia Volkova and Lena Katina whose single , `` All The Things She Said '' -LRB- no , not the Simple Minds song -RRB- is a sweet piece of techno-pop . The title is sung in one-two double quick time , accompanied by a mixture of heavy guitars and synthesizers . They 're simply the best thing to come out of Russia since Catherine the Great , Mikhail Gorbachev , and all those figure skaters . Call them a cross between Shampoo , M2M , Ace of Base , and Xymox.Another cute pop teen-duo like M2M , except their music is more on the techno side , they are Russian , and like the White Stripes , helped promote themselves with a salacious rumour . The rumour is that they are lesbians , thanks or no thanks to a video for a song `` I 've Lost My Mind '' which is the song `` Ya Shola S Uma '' The video involved the two making out in the rain . `` Not Gon na Get Us '' begins with a shrill voice belting out the title lyrics with hard-driving industrial synthesizers reminding me of Depeche Mode or Xymox . The lighter moments and the softer voice reminds me of M2M.Like `` All The Things She Said , '' the title lyrics of `` Show Me Love '' are sung in rapid-fire succession with the guitar/synth backing . A starkly haunting piano , laughing girls in the background , and an M2M-ish vocal highlight the wistful `` 30 Minutes '' , another one of this album 's great moments.That is followed by their cover of the Smith 's classic `` How Soon Is Now ? '' It 's not half-bad , actually , with some grinding rock guitar enhancing the original . However , nothing beats Morrissey 's vocal talents . `` Clowns -LRB- Can You See Me Now -RRB- '' belongs to the Xymox/Depeche Mode/New Order side of the spectrum , with its racing strings-like synthesizer and vocals . `` Malchick Gay '' with its rhythm guitar backing , is another quick-paced number and some lyrics gives a hint to the lesbian rumour . The title lyrics are sung in rapid-fire , then jumping up an octave , and then another . `` Stars '' has an outer-space otherworldly feeling , kind of like Dido 's `` Here With Me '' or something from Sarah Brightman 's Dive . There are some distorted Russian lyrics rapped inbetween the soft voices . Lyrics here too suggest Julia and Lena 's rumoured relationship
 `` 200 km/H In the Wrong Lane '' is the English translation of t.A.T.u. 's -LRB- Taty in Russian -RRB- Russian debut of the same name and features nearly all the same songs , this time in poetic English -LRB- `` Ya tvoi vrag '' would have been a good addition , though , and `` Doschitai do sta '' too , they 're excellent songs -RRB- . t.A.T.u is made up of Yulia Olegovna Volkova and Elena Sergeevna Katina , two Russian teenagers with voices of gold and an eye for the dramatic -LRB- as witnessed in their controversial Russian music videos -RRB- . In `` 200 km/h '' the girls sing about love
 I first heard tATu in early 2003 or so . I heard their first single , `` All The Things She Said '' on the radio , and I loved it . Then , about a half a year later , my friend got their CD and literally just raved about how awesome and addictive it was . I really wanted to hear all their other songs , so I went out and bought it . It is utterly amazing ! I thought it would be good ... but not this good ! I kept listening to it over and over again . It is so addicting . The pop/rock sound mixed with techno influences of each song along with the unique vocal flare of Julia Volkova and Lena Katina make it incredibly addictive . Even now , months and months later , I still listen to this album practically everyday . There is much speculation as to whether or not Julia and Lena are actually lovers in their personal lives . In my opinion , it does not matter . Speaking personally as a teenage homosexual male , these lyrics are truly an accurate and honest expression of the angst , loneliness , and depression that you go through as a homosexual person . They are expressed with genuiness and honesty that no other artist has captured before . I love how poetic and respectful the lyrics are . The fact that this is being put out there for people to buy and hear is truly powerful . There are 11 tracks , but 8 of them are original , and they are as follows :1 . Not Ganna Get Us - Truly awesome song with a techno flare . It 's about running away from society with the person you love ... like a fantasty song . The only bad aspect is that it can get repetative . 4/52 . All The Things She Said - Great song ! It 's basically expressing the general angst of being in love and no one understands your love , and it 's driving you insane . Great poetic lines , and not as repetative as track 1 . 5/53 . Show Me Love - Has a very cool russian opening where Julia and Lena are talking on the phone . I love how this album incorporates some russian into the english songs . This song is a very upbeat dance track . It 's about being lonely and wanting someone to show you love . It contains my favorite lines on the CD . When expressing why you 're attracted to someone they sing that it 's `` like a game of pick-up-sticks , played by f *** in ' lunatics '' Also , the only hardcore cuss word on the CD . Great Song ! 5/54 .30 Minutes - Very creepy ! It 's a ballad . There 's this creepy laughter in the background that adds a very eerie feeling , especially if you 're alone . It 's about making decisions . wonderful song ! 5/55 . How Soon Is Now ? - a cover of the Smith 's song . I 've heard both . I know I might get lacerated for this , but this version is significantly better . Probably the most rock influenced track . A truly honest expression of loneliness and needing love . Arguable my favorite . 5/56 . Clowns -LRB- Can You See Me Now ? -RRB- - Very techno influenced . Probably the most poetic and metaphorical lyrics . It can have 2 interpretations in my opinion . One is how ignorant people shield themselves from what they do n't understand . Or , I also interpret it as an expression of wanting the object of your love to see you and that you love them , but they 're so consumed with everyone around them that they ca n't . Can get repetative though . 4/57 . Malchik Gay - It means `` Gay Boy '' . Probably the most american sounding song . It 's about being in love , but the person you love is taken . Incredibly relatable . It might get annoying to some though with the repitition . But , it 's arguable one of my favorites just because of the topic and lyrics . 5/58 . Stars - Truly Captivating ! The girls go back and forth from verses in english to verses of russian rap . The russian sounds so awesome . I love songs in different languages , and to also have english in it is very cool . The saxophone in it provides for a very smooth melody . It 's a very slow and soothing song . It 's basically just about how it should n't have to be this hard for homosexual people in society . Great Song ! 5/59 . Ya sashla s uma - original russian version of `` All The Things She Said '' It 's very cool to hear it in russian and go back and forth between this and the english version . Because the girls are singing in their native language , the passion in their vocals really stands out . Very cool to listen to . 5/510 . Nas Ne Dagonjat - original russian version of `` Not Ganna Get Us '' Again , very cool to listen to the russian version . It makes you want to learn russian ! lol . 5/511 . Show Me Love -LRB- Extended Version -RRB- - This is the extended version of Show Me Love . If you like the original , you 'll like this . It has a different opening that 's more rock oriented . Awesome ! 5/5This album is truly amazing ! The lyrics are very genuine and honest , and it truly expresses a soul that is tormented by the angst , depression , and loneliness that encompasses being different . It expresses the shameful shyness that homosexual people experience in their lives . The lyrics are also written in a very illusive way to where not just homosexual people , but that everyone can relate to . Regardless of whether or not Julia and Lena are actually homosexual in their personal lives , the fact that they do express it and put it out for people to hear is awesome . I encourage you to purchase this utterly amazing and expressive album . You will not be dissapointed . It is a must have !
 HAY YALL BUY THIS ROCKING CD ITS THE BEST THING I EVER HEARD I TOOK ME TWO MONTHS TO GET THE SONG NOT GOING TO GET US OUT OF MY HEAD PLEASE ...
 t.a.t.u. is one of the greatest refreshing pieces of pop to hit my ears in years . The first track '' Not Gon na Get Us '' is a powerful love anthem where you can almost feel the intensity run through your viens . The debut single `` All the Things She Said '' is a head bobbing , fist clenching adreniline ride . `` Show Me Love '' is a perfect dance floor monster . And `` 30 Minutes '' is a remarkably haunting ballad , with an eerie , somber feel to it.The one cover song `` How Soon is Now ? '' releases the more rock side of t.a.t.u. , with its endless guitar riffs and small but hard voices of t.a.t.u. `` Clowns '' is a hard hitting mass of teenage confusion and teenage rebellion . You can hear these girls crying out for help on this one . By far the most soft pop , but probably the most catchiest song on the album , `` Malchik Gay '' delivers it 's message with a rythym that is sure to devour any one it comes in contact with . The most extroadinary piece of work on the whole entire album and probably this year `` STARS `` delivers its message and makes the listiner think . It is the greatest retrospective songs ever -LRB- lyrical and otherwise -RRB- . This album may only be an 11 track album but it 's worth whatever you have to pay . 200 km/h in the Wrong Lane '' by t.A.T.u. is a `` must own '' album .
 Please do n't expect deep lyrics and eclectic sounds , TATU is just plain fun songs of europop . This album achieves what it wants , easy goin ' joints , that are easy to swallow , this Eurofriendly record has the cleverness that it needs and that 's it , it 's not wrong but it 's not right , simply politecally incorrect . The phrase repeating is almost in every song , based mainly in thier chorus pathern . The dance beats are simply the sound base and the russian language songs are essentials . The Highlights of Tatu debut are `` All The Things She Said '' , `` Not Gon na Get Us '' , `` Malchik Gay '' , `` Show Me lOVE '' , `` Clowns '' .
 A nice mix of rhythms and harmonies . Songs have beautiful lyrics and the voices are lilting and lovely . I enjoy the bits of Russian mixed into some of the songs , as well as the Russian covers of `` All the things she said '' and `` Not gon na get us . `` Some songs does have that techno beat and not everything sounds like ` All the Things ... '' I recommend listening to clips of all the songs -LRB- which do n't do them justice -RRB- , so that a potential buyer can understand the depth and variety of this album .
 Some people might think that tATu is Russia 's answer to Britney Spears or Christina Aguilera . They 're completely wrong . tATu 's music is so hopelessly addictive that you ca n't get the songs out of your head , and they 're actually GOOD.The first track `` Never Gon na Get Us '' starts with a funky dance/trance beat , and even though the singer 's voice is a bit shrill at the beginning of the song , the whole thing just grooves with energy later on . The next track `` All The Things She Said '' is , in my opinion , the strongest piece on the CD . Other great songs include `` Clowns '' and `` Gay Boy . `` The only reasons I 'm giving it four out of five stars is because the videos included on the CD are much too dark to view on a computer screen , and because the CD is short , about 40 minutes if you do n't include the remix . But hey , this is one fantastic piece of music !
 This CD really rocks my world ! It 's terrific , you all have to buy it . You wo n't regret I promise . It is a really powerful lytics and great music style . Who would think russian music is so great . I 'm beginning to be interested in russian culture overall , I think it 's a very rich culture and the CD and the girls -LRB- TATU -RRB- prove it . The music is just AMAIZING!Way way way better than what we have on US market now .
 This recording is very unique . I had to listen to it twice to fully understand all of the influences . This may sound a bit odd , but I hear part Teletubbie vocals , Cirque du Soleil melodies and vocals , Soho guitar rifts and edgy rock vocals . This album crosses all the genres and is yet consistent.I was n't sure I was glad I bought the album after the first spin , but I was surely glad after the second spin .
 This is a fun , catchy album . I would n't expect too much from this album - it is what it is ! The first release from two teens with strong and pleasant vocals . They have a lot to say and are supported by awesome beats/tunes . I think it 's good to put out there ` pro-lesbian lyrics ' -LRB- if you will -RRB- and a little controversy for more PR is not such a bad thing either . If you are not uncomfortable with what these girls have to say/sing - which is n't really ` in your face ' nor mentioned much anyway - then you 'll likely enjoy this album . Hopefully they will release a more vocally-refined follow-up album within a decent amount of time as well .
 I know that this cd is all marketing blah blah blah . Once you get past all of that and the girls act like lesbians on camera only , the music speaks for itself . Most groups do not write their own music that are famous . They have professionals do that . I thought the vocals were great , the background was thoughtful and the mixing was awesome . All the songs have a good beat . Listening to the music in Russian , however , does n't do it for me . Maybe they were just filler . In any case buy this cd . If you like this cd , you might want to check out ATC - Planet Pop , another euro pop group .
 I was very surprised at how much i liked this CD . The first song i ever heard was on the russian version of the 30 minutes video . It drew me in and kept me there , and combined with the American version it 's one of my favorites on the CD . Clowns is my favorite though , if you listen closely you can hear a russian beat similar to the original Tetris by Nintendo ! Sure the vocals sound like someone 's torturing mice , but these days with all the hate and hipocrit `` music '' , mice are n't so bad . The only slight disappointment i had was that only like 6 songs are American and the others are Russian versions of those songs . While it 's a good multi-cultural experience , i 'm looking forward to more original content .
 t.A.T.u are absolutely fantastic ! Their songs are original , genuine & catchy , & it 's obvious that both of these ladies are just bursting with talent . They are , by far , the best international act I 've ever come across .
 Hee hee hee , I feel guilty for liking this album . I am WAY too old for this kind of music , really ! That is why I did n't DARE buy it in a store , -LRB- haha ! -RRB- but ordered it from www.Amazon.com instead . However , I think the album is fun to listen to . It is n't exactly what I would call quality music , but there 's a certain charm to it . The whole controversy over whether the two girls really are lesbian lovers or not does n't interest me . I believe it is most likely just a marketing stunt .
 this girls are so very good and their vids even better !! I ca n't get enough of the video and play it every day on my computer . I hope they will come to the netherlands to and I will be the first to buy a ticket !! Hope to hear from them much , much more !!
 If you where to tell me a year ago that one of my favorite bands would be a pop band I would have thought you were crazy . But after hearing just one song off 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane I fell in love with this amazing group . Before listening to them the only types of music I listend to was Heavy Matal , Rock , and blues . In my opinion All The Things She Said , 30 Minutes , and Stars are the best 3 songs on the cd .
 I love all the songs , and I 'm strait myself , but it does n't stop me from loving the songs at all . In fact , the songs after listening/concentration to what the girls say , it makes you feel as if you are them , and it makes you care less about what others think about how they feel.Now , my favoites personally , are Show Me Love , Clowns -LRB- Can You See Me Now ? -RRB- and Not Gon na Get Us .
 The cd is good but sorta weird . I very much enjoyed it . Here is a list of the songs and there ratings :1 . `` Not gon na get us : - Not a bad song . It starts out chipmonk sonding . The song is about two people who are in love but shouldent be . One of the more pop sounding songs . 8/102 . `` All the things she said '' - The first time that I saw this video it was premiring on mtv and I thought nothing of it . The song did grow on me but it isnt the best . I guess this is the big hit song . 9/103 . `` Show me love '' - Not a bad song . Not a great song eather . This song starts with a russian phone call . Then once the song starts , It goes slow . After that , when the corus plays , it seems to speed up . 7/104 . `` 30 minutes '' - The first slow song on this cd . If I were judging this on what I personaly thought instead of what the song really deserves , then I proble wouldent even listen to it , but it isnt a horrable song . I am just not into slow songs . 7/105 . `` How soon is now ? '' - This song is the same song as the one in the opening of the wb show Charmed . Since the show is my favorite show ever , I just had to have this cd . To my suprise , this song was redone very well . Of corse I dont think it is as good as the origonal but it is very good . It is my favorite song on the cd . 10/106 . `` Clowns -LRB- can you see me now ? -RRB- '' - This song represents the forbidden love that the girls have and what they think of others comments of them . Nice song . 8/107 . `` Malckick gay '' - One of the better songs on the album . This song is mainly talking about how one of the girls is all the other one needs , and how she wants the other to stay with her forever . 10/108 . `` Stars '' - This song has a russian corus and an english everything else . It sonds like rap when they sing in rissian . I dont care for this song . 6/109 . `` Ya shosla s uma '' - This is the russian verison of `` All the things she said '' and it is about the same . Why listen to this scince you have the english vesion . There voices sound odd in this version also . 8/1010 . `` Nas ne dagonyat '' - This is the russian verion of `` Not gon na get us '' . I dont care for the russain versian because I dont know Russian . 7/1011 . `` Show me love -LRB- extended -RRB- '' - I dont get what the major differences between this and the origonal are . They sound the same to me . The only difference that I noticed is that there is no phone call at the beginning . Also , if there was a song to do a extended version to , this isnt it . 7/10I hope this reveiw helped you in your decition on wether to buy this cd or not . I would deffently recommed it . On the cd the is a enhanced versian for the computer with interveiws and a video . Thank you for reading this .
 At last new music that is actually good . I bought this CD based on word of mouth and on the audio samples on Amazon . boy the girls can sing and their songs are so catchy to boot . `` All the things she said , '' '' show me love , '' and `` stars , '' are my favorite tracks but I do not touch the skip button at all when I pop in this CD . ... At least we do n't have another Britny clone parading before us thinking she can sing . These two girls however can really belt out a toon . I liked it so much I bought it for a friend as well . He ca n't stop singing the songs either . Hope the girls are around for a long time to come . Buy it and listen , you 'll soon be singing and dancing .
 For a poppish band , t.A.T.u. is a wonderful new sound in the music industry . They 're a great new thing , and if no one has ever heard them sing it 's a darned shame because these two girls have some of the most hypnotic voices I 've ever heard . Their sound is uplifting , and have good meanings . Be who you are !
 t.A.T.u. 's cd is really amazing . These two girls have so much talent and their sound is so unique . I recommend their cd to anyone who has a passion for music and to anyone who loves creativity and diversity . These two girls have what it takes to stay in the music game for good !!
 the tatu cd is great i listen to it all the time . the songs are so catchy and great . the cd makes you very energetic . the songs are mostly about their love to eachother . there are all the things she said in russian and not gunna get us in russian and they are great . i dunt kno wat they are sayin -LRB- im not russian -RRB- but its great . this is definitly one of the best cds out there !!!
 I do believe that a lot of Tatu 's worldwide popularity has been achieved through the whole teen lesbian image . I suppose it 's away to get teen boys interested . Well , I 'm a teen and I 'm a boy but I sure as hell did n't buy this for the image . The songs are actually pretty decent ... mainly the first four tracks . `` All the Things She Said '' was their American break-through . It 's been one of the catchiest and most popular pop songs of the last year . It 's impossible not to sing along to . `` Not Gon na Get Us '' is the 2nd single and has generated some club play and light radio rotation thus far . It 's a good song ... great for dancing as is `` Show Me Love . '' `` 30 Minutes '' is a haunting sort of ballad . I love the piano at the beginning . The other tracks are so-so but still worth a listen.Now , I strongly doubt Tatu will have any longevity . In fact , I 'll be surprised if they get through another album . However , as far as dance pop goes , this is n't all that bad . It 's worth a listen .
 I saw the T.A.T.U. video on MTV and I really like the song Not Gon na Get Us , so I decided to get the cd . The lyrics are kind of simple , but the beats of most of the songs are great . I believe that about three of the songs are in Russian as well.All in all , I think this CD is worth buying , just for the simple fact that it is a fun album and you can dance to it . Plus , it is really fun to drive to as well !
 If you really want to hear this album the way it was intended to be heard , get the Russian version . You could probably find the translation somewhere on the net . While their English debut is intended to captivate the North American crowd , it is clearly inferior to the Russian release . Due to their accent and unsuitable voice for English lyrics , a few songs sound a little comical while some of their best tracks are missing . Whatever happened to Robot and Ya Tvoi Vrag ?? Nevertheless , I gave it 4 stars for their well spent effort .
 This album is one of the best albums i 've ever listened to.I 've been a fan of tatu since the first time i heard attss , they are a refreshing duo from Moscow , Russia , who claim to be in love with each other . Whether you believe this or not , it does not effect the quality of Lena and Yulia 's talent . They have studied music for 8 years , and this shines through their music . This album was recorded in London last year with the help of Trevor Horn , of which the girls are big fans of and were delighted to have worked with him.One of my favourite songs on this album is `` How soon is now ? '' , this is a cover of The Smiths , you may also recognise it from the theme tune from `` Charmed '' -LRB- shown on channel 5 and living tv -RRB- , some people even believe tatu 's cover of this is better than the original !! which i also agree with .200 km/h in the wrong lane also contains the famous `` all the things she said '' and the up coming single `` not gon na get us '' . Malchik gay is a catchy , european sounding tune , `` Show me love '' deffinitely caught me attention with the line `` Like a game of pick up sticks , played by ... . lunatics '' lol.The russian edition of this album , was released back in 2000 , and is deffinitly a must have to complete the set .
 I like all types of music . If something sounds good , I 'll like it . I do n't care who it 's by , if it 's on the radio or not , if the artists even perform or compose their own songs . That said , I really do like some of T.A.T.U. 's songs . However , they make me think a lot of Milli Vanilli . Download a video of T.A.T.U. performing live and it 's a joke ! They are soooo lip synching ! That makes me wonder if the 2 girls even really sing on the album . Anyway , it still sounds good . I just question what 's really going on here . Whoever composed the songs is very talented . Same goes for the singers ... whoever they are .
 Its no secret that this band is a product . It has everything it needs to sell in the West
 I first head their music during the summer of 2001 , my friends from Moscow brought me a copy of their debut CD . The lyrics were offcourse Russian , their voices do not distinguish them from other Russian pop singers , or pop singers in general , although the duo nature does provide a benevolent effect.As I was listening to the music in the car , I began to notice things ... Not the feeble , sometimes randomized and primitively taylored lyrics , but interesting elements in the production . Their producer Ivan Something -LSB- the guy who writes/produces the music , the guy behind the drum machine and Roland -RSB- practically carries the group on his music.The melodies are surprisingly enjoyable , at times more trancy than dancy and it seems as if the produced is just restrained by the pop nature of the group ... Another aspect of the music I despise are the samples chosen . They are a breed of the archaic dance formula , bright synths , ambient strings , heavy kicks and 4x4 hats . Listen to mixes by Oakenfold and Max Graham to see the more professional side of dance/trance electronica.In conclusion , there are about 4 or 5 good songs , but I admit that I can not stand to listen to them anymore , beacause I 've had too much . The formula works , every teenage Russian girl I know is crazy about them -LSB- here in the US atleast -RSB- and all teenage girls are pretty much the same so ...
 this is a great album , it has dance songs such as not gon na get us , all the things she said , and clowns plus malchick gay and has some great ballads like show me love , 30 minutes etc. these girls are talented they show they are fearless of their relationship.keep it up t.A.T.u. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 It 's nice to hear something new on the radio.These girls have a great sence of who they are and what they want out of life.I hope they do n't let our country change who they are and how out spoken they are !
 Out of all the heavy metal cds I have , t.A.T.u. 's album seems a bit out of place in my collection . I love hearing their russian accents as they sing the songs in english . They do have other albums out , which all seem to be remixes . I thought the song `` How Soon is Now '' was a t.A.T.u. song , but it was originally done by The Smiths . I despise The Smiths , but the t.A.T.u. version of that song was wonderful . I simply ca n't get enough of Yulia 's singing . It 's just incredible ! You owe it to yourself to buy this album . I got mine for seven bucks . = -RRB-
 What can I say ??? When I first heard `` All the things she said '' it was simply magic ... the magic you get when you listen to a great song !! At first I opted to buy the single but the decided to borrow the cd from a friend and it was magic onece again . This is one of those albums you fall in love with every song !! The ballad `` 30 minutes '' its breathtaking and there 's also a great a great cover of `` How soon is now ? `` Take it from a new fan ... you are going to love this cd !!!!!!
 These girls are great , the album combines great dance music with truly inspired lyrics . The enhanced content is great , especially the music video for `` All the things she said '' , which is my favorite song on the album , particularly the russian version . Buy it and enjoy !
 Basically , this CD is nice to have around because it 's a good sound and fun to listen to . But there is a lot more to it ... I have read several places , including reviews here , that there is an `` ambiguously gay '' marketing ploy going on with this album . I suppose that 's a good thing for the homophobes to think , but I assure you ... Nobody who 's felt what these girls are singing about is going to be the slightest bit confused . It 's direct , obvious , emotional , and it rings of truth , all the way to the bone.The feeling that there is something horribly different about you is an almost universal memory for gay and lesbian people of a certain age . I do n't know for sure how it is now , but it 's likely much the same . There is a lot more information more readily available now , but who does n't remember realizing that you think of and feel about girls the same way most girls feel about boys?For a lot of us , this realization came before there was a name for it in our vocabulary ... You literally think you 're the only person in the world that 's `` that way . '' It 's a sickening , painful , confusing feeling . It 's nothing you can change , and you do n't know what will happen when you 're found out . You 're afraid you 'll be alone inside for ever , at best ... The worse options do n't bear mention here.The `` normal '' people around you mistakenly think it 's a `` lifestyle '' or a `` choice '' . Your parents do n't get it ... They 're het . Most religion is no help . It tends toward the obtuse and myopic . Saying god hates gays is intellectually equivalent to saying she hates blondes . She makes a * lot * more gays , for starters.Anything that can help tell young gays and lesbians `` You are not alone . You 're a little different , and that 's perfectly ok . '' is a good thing.And ... Like I said , it 's just plain fun to listen to , as well .
 This album is fantastic . It comtains a combination of song that reached out to a great deal of people . The most famous song beig all the things she said , off course . But personaly `` Show me love '' and `` 30 minutes '' are my favorites . `` How soon is now '' oh my God , what a great chose to cover . I loved it as the title song of `` Charmed '' . And `` Malchik gay '' , great beat and very nice lyrics . I can honestly say , that I have never owned a better and nicer album than this one . It contains everything I like and it is created and written so well . Lovely girls with great talent . I admire girls that age coming out for the way they are . Woh , woh , woh . Mega .
 I ca n't remember the last time i bought a CD and listened to it nonstop from the time i bought it to the time i went to sleep the same night . This has got to be one of the best CDs i have ever purchased . I just ca n't believe how good every single song on this album is . I have never quite heard a sound like this before , excellent electro-pop beats and very deep and profound lyrics . I recommend this to anyone and everyone .
 Well , for big t.A.T.u. fans I have good news and bad news . The good news is that the song `` All The Things She Said '' is the new theme music for one of WWE 's wrestlers . Yup , this is WWE Victoria 's new theme/into music . Kinda goes well with her psychotic character . The bad news is , the song will be played over and over and over again . It 's going to get embedded into the heads of corporate America and go commercial thanks to the Marketing Machine known as the WWE . Hope you 're ready for it . If you do n't like it , thank Vince McMahon . Bring on more School Girl H.L.A. !!! God Bless you buddy !
 My wife had the Russian CD when we first got married . It took a little while for me to warm up to it but its pretty good stuff . On the pop side of course but good . Looking foward to a second album . If you want expand you music tastes , get the CD . The videos are pretty good too .
 im so glad that finaly there is a lezbien pop band in america . these girls dont make music . its energy . its beautiful . i highly recomend it .
 This is one of the best albums i have ever heard and the songs arwe just great ! The Cd not only has american hits but songs in russian as well ! To find out more info about t.A.t.U check out ... for info music and more !
 I am still really loving this supersonic female music trend that started with the Kidneytheives , continued with Evanescence and now with TaTu . I was really expecting some corny lesbian pop but here I found some really soul baring stuff . I really loved All the Things She said , Stars , and How Soon is Now . I really hated Malchik Gay , too freakin 's chirpy . I actually see them having some longevity . So four stars ...
 this is one of the best albums you will find anywhere at the moment ! they have english songs and russian songs ! even though i cant understand the russian versions its like you can by the feeling that they put into their songs !
 when i first heard the song all the things she said ... i thought it rocked then i saw the video and it did n't shock me . . but it shocked alot of my friends ... i have no idea why it 's so shocking to see two girls kissing when there is so much shocking images on the tele these days . but get pass the the shocking image ... and you listen to the cd and you will be surprised how good the cd is ... it rocks ...
 These girls have voices that ca n't be shut down . This is an A + for any person . I would recomend it for every one . Pick it up and learn something ! I wish I could buy it in Russian .
 I generally do n't buy CDs having only heard one song , but i took a chance on this one , and it paid off ! This has a diverse range of tracks , and i was pleasantly suprised . Its difficult to choose a favourite track , but ... -LRB- ie all the things she said is quite special , but ` Clowns -LRB- can u see me now -RRB- ` is a dynamic fast pace that shifts between a fast piano/synth ditty to a slow sweet singing . Malchik Gay is also excellent , strummy guitar , harmonious singing and a really catchy chorus , the ingredients for a classic . ` How soon is now ' is so far as i can tell the only cover on the album , but it surpasses the original by far , if uve seen ` charmed , ' have the soundtrack to the ` wedding singer ` or were a new romantic during the eighties , ul have heard the smith 's classic . This version has the same melancholic feel , but a with large serving of attitude.This album is so good i bought two , one for house and car . I ca n't pick out a best or worst song , but this album caters for all tastes and moods , look ot for an extended version of ` Show me love ' which is available on some special editions . Otherwise , if u liked ` All the things she said , ' u 'll love this - buy it now ! If you did n't like ` All the things she said ' i feel pity for ur lack of taste , take a chance - buy it any way !
 I love all the songs , and I 'm strait myself , but it does n't stop me from loving the songs at all . In fact , the songs after listening/concentration to what the girls say , it makes you feel as if you are them , and it makes you care less about what others think about how they feel.Now , my favoites personally , are Show Me Love , Clowns -LRB- Can You See Me Now ? -RRB- and Not Gon na Get Us .
 I have just recently started listening to T.A.T.U , and I think that they are a band that America has been waiting for for a long time . I personally , as a choir student , think that their voices are the purest and most beautiful voices I have ever heard . Many people from Russia say that their Russian version of `` All the Things She said ' sounds so much better than the American version , so I listened to it , and looked up the lyrics and I think that both are really great songs.They show that they do n't care what people say about them . In the song `` All the things she said '' it talks about how they do n't care what everyone thinks about their relationship , and on MTV Lena says `` Every song is about our life , Everyone thinks we are lesbians . But we just love eachother . '' Believe what you want to believe , or what people are saying . Tatu is a huge inspiration for me , and a lot of others . I think their C.D. 200KM/hr in the wrong lane is a great c.d. I have yet to perchase the cd , but i have listened to ` All the things she said ' one million times , including all the other songs on the cd ... TATU RULZ !!!
 At first , I was skeptical of the CD . I downloaded `` All the Things She Said '' on an MP3 website , and then I realized that I became addicted ! The beats on this album pulse a pure , club beat , and the lyrics actually have meaning -LRB- unlike so many other artists out there today -RRB- . I have listened to both the Russian and the English CD , and they 're both in heavy rotation in my CD player . Whether it 's `` Not Gon na Get Us '' with the amazing drum line , or the beautiful `` Stars '' , this album will last a long time on the charts . These girls know what it takes to make a great album . I 'm not lesbian myself , but you really can just put that beside you , and enjoy this CD entirely .
 ok , ok . took me a while to find out about this band . i was actually looking for another cover of the Smith 's `` How Soon is Now '' -LRB- yes , the song from `` Charmed '' -RRB- , and the clerk at the record store could only find one by a band named TaTu , but the album was n't out yet ; the shop only had a Russian version , and well , my Russian is n't so good . I figured if it were any good , I 'd hear about it and pick it up at some point.i kinda forgot about it for about a month or so , then saw them on some WWE show or another and said `` hey , this is a cool song '' -LRB- got ta love the Karma behind channel surfing and lame prime time reruns , otherwise i never would have heard the song ! -RRB- . i figured , what the heck , it 's only 10 bucks , if I do n't like it , oh well.forget that it 's some WWE chick 's theme song . Forget that there 's the whole `` are they or are n't they '' marketing scheme -LRB- the guy who produced this worked with Pet Shop Boys and Frankie Goes to Hollywood , so it would n't surprise me if they really were , by the way , since these were 2 of the hottest gay bands in the 80 's -RRB- . this is great music . Europop tends to be a lot more enjoyable than most American bubblegum pop . I have been listening to this a lot since I bought it , much to the chagrin of my partner , lol . on the plus side , he loves that I can sing along and serenade him with gay-friendly lyrics . you would think that at 31 I 'd be a bit old for this , but hey , I 'm gay and I 'll take the gay-friendly stuff where I can find it , especially when it is this well-done . I 'll avoid a track-by-track list , and skip to the good , and one bad , points of the album . lyrically it 's very good . Julia and Lena have very strong voices ; they do well solo and as a duet . i think the production was well-done , and created a well put-together album . the music is in that `` in-between '' space ... it 's pop enough for that crowd , rock enough for that crowd , and has a wide appeal without necessarily labeling TaTu with some `` genre '' . I was pleased with the inclusion of two Russian songs , mainly because it shows me that these girls have a reason to try and cross-over to the American audience ... they rock ! in terms of good , my final bit of praise is that they took a song which is quite whiney in it 's original version -LRB- `` How Soon is Now '' -RRB- and gave it a completely different flavor without butchering it.my sole complaint about the album is this
 Tatu is a wonderful display of talent and courage . The songs are wonderful and the girls are amazing for having the courage to come here and openly show their opinions to our prejudiced country . I admire them and the cd is WELL worth the money and will give anyone plenty of entertainment .
 I was hooked on t.A.T.u. ever sense I first heard their catchy single `` All The Things She Said '' . Their CD is a new , refreshing blend of pop and techno delicately crafted around their innocent voices . This record could easily be labeled as senseless bubble gum pop , if it was n't for the true sincerity that comes across in the duo 's singing . Every Track on this CD is worth listening to . The only bad thing is that you end up craving for more of their infectious music at the conclusion of the record . At least their video is featured in the enhanced version of the CD . The scenes of the two showing their love towards one another against all odds is enough of a reason for anyone to get this CD . It 's about time we see something new arrive in our states .
 I have heard both T.a.T.u. Cd 's . The Russian version and english CD . They are both awesome . They have nice voices and the sound is great .
 The other day I was listening to the radio when the song `` All The Things She Said '' came on . This was n't the first time I had heard the song , the moment the CD single came out for it I immediately bought it , but it was the first time I heard it being played on the radio . It made me so happy that these two brilliant girls , Lena and Julia , finally made it to mainstream music . Well done ladies!Onward with the CD itself ... This CD has 11 tracks with 12 being a music video you can watch on your computer . The first one `` Not Gon na Get Us '' is completely original . It 's followed by two more great songs `` All The Things She Said '' and `` Show Me Love '' . `` How Soon Is Now '' is my favorite and `` Clowns '' and `` Malchik Gay '' are also very lovable . This CD is worthy of your investment and hopefully , these two will go on tour soon .
 I THINK T.A.T.U IS THE BEST GIRL GROUP EVER ! Their lyrics say so much and their music just makes u get up and shake your booty . I think u should defenetly check their CD out , you will not be disappointed .
 i actually downloaded this album before buying it . and wow . its really ... its orgasmic :D i love it . its really interesting and has awesome beats . the songs are very repetive . like if they are chanting these lyrics into ur ear . here is my breakdown of the album ... 1 Not Gon na Get Us - this song could of confused me with Prodigy . lmao this song is great . awesome beat . it interesting . 3/52 All The Things She Said - Awesome ! the lyrics are something every gay/lesbian person can relate to . i like it a lot . 4/53 Show Me Love - Show Me Love is ORGASMIC . i love it ! the russian phonecall in the beginning is interesting to listen too . i like this song a lot . 5/54 30 Minutes - a sweet soft ballad . this song is okay . i dont like ballads so im gon na have to unbias here . 2/55 How Soon Is Now - they covered The Smiths . wooo . i think this is song is exceptionally good . i like it a lot . probably one of the most rockiest on the album . 4/56 Clowns - Clowns is an okay song too . its not a favorite but its listenable . i cant explain it . the whole cd is very dancy / technoish . 3/57 Malchick Gay - this soudns like acoustic / techno . i like it ! i give it a 4/58 Stars - a midtempo ballad . i think the background music sounds very sexual . if that made sense . it has this russian rap in it . its very creative . i like it a lot ... i like the ending too :D 4/59 Ya Shosla S Uma - the russian version of All The Things She Said10 Nas Ne Dagoniat - the russian version of Not Gon na Get Us11 Show Me Love -LRB- Extended Version -RRB- - this is my favorite track on the album . it doesnt have the russian phonecall in the beginning . its rock/techno . i love it ! its basically the same as Show Me Love except extended . lmao 5/5
 Normally I dont like pop or techno but these two combined with the beautiful voices of Lena and Yulia make the best cd ever . I 've read posts about teenagers coming out to their parents about their sexuality because they finally found the courage to do it when they listened `` 200 KM/H In The Wrong Lane '' . I noticed everyone in my house , ages 10 to 43 , humming the different songs without even realizing they 're doing it . From the slow melodic music of `` 30 minutes '' to the up beat techno music of `` Clowns '' every song is great !
 That 's an image their produce created . Is it good or bad ? I do n't know .
 This Cd is one of the better ones i have purchased in the last few month 's , it has exceptionally good music with no profane language in it , but that does n't mean it reduces it 's quality , it 's safe for listener 's of all ages and it can be purchased for the low price of 9.96
 Hi , I just want to say that tatu is the best band in all around the world . I love them !!! The cd is fresh , young and original , buy it , buy it , buy it !!!
 Look out Shirley Manson and Courtney Love ! T.A.T.U 's album really rocks ! After All The Things She Said was released months ago I anxiously awaited the release of their album ... and it was well worth the wait ! Both girls voices carry a very wide range and the combination of their styles makes for a very unique sound . But aside the much hyped lesbian relationship of these two Russian teen vamps because once you hear the cd you 'll only want more . The music speaks louder than any marketing stratagem and it screams FIERCE !
 One word for this album would be , amazing . 200 km/h in the wrong lane rocks , and there first single , All the things she said has a total pop/dance beat , My favorite song would have to be 30 min though . This song has the best lyrics and relates to me the most . Everyone should check this out !
 I heard 10 seconds of `` All the Things She Said '' on the radio , and immediately went to buy the CD . I did n't regret it -- this is the best CD I 've ever bought , and I have n't been able to stop listening to it . The music is a mixture of pop and electronic rhythms , but there is such a depth to the lyrics that TATU is set far apart from bands such as * N Sync and Britney Spears . The message of freedom and self-acceptance affected me very much , and there are even two songs in Russian , which are really fun to listen to . TATU is officially my favorite band , and I strongly recommend buying the album , as you will be hearing a lot more about Lena and Julia in the near future .
 Seriously speaking hen i ordered this CD i didnt expect it to do some wonders . But it eventually turned out to be a gr8 one .
 I am a student of Russian , and perhaps it is because of this background that I appreciate the Russian songs much more than their English songs . The English songs lost something in the translation ; they have a dry and forced feel . The Russian songs , however , are quite the contrary ; they emit depth and spirit . While I thoroughly enjoy this CD , I would recommend their Russian CD for any of those interested - whether you speak Russian or not .
 i could of gave this cd 5 stars but julia sucks lena should be the only one singing
 i just got the cd of t.a.t.u in its great there vocies are great the songs in lyrics plus the beats are great this cd is a must get cd its unlike anything out there -LRB- SO WHY YA READING THIS FOR GET YA ASS UP IN GO BUY THE CD NOW -RRB- trust me this cd is a money 's worth cd its the best this cd will keep you wanting more so go buy it
 This album of t.A.T.u. is absolutely amazing , the sound that you find in this production is just cool , you can feel the power of this two russian girls in every lyric of their songs starting with All the Things She Said and also songs like Not Gon na Get Usand Show me Love they 're just spectacular .
 I happen to think tatu is a very successful pop duo . and no they arnt shown on covers of teen mags over and over like Britney or Avril , but isnt it refreshing for a change to have some thing not bubble gum related ? glitter and blond streaks are only substantial fo a short time . maybe they arnt lesbien but in this day and age why should it matter ? it should be about the music not the image and that is what people are forgetting these days.Tatu gives 2 very important messages be yourself and you are not alone.I think people dont give them enough credit and it is a shame . i hope to see some thing from tatu in the future .
 I thought it was a great album . All the songs are catchy , well written , do n't sound exactly the same , and have an awsome beat . Furthermore , the artists are very sexy . t.A.T.u. is one of my new favorites . I suggest buying this album , it rocks !
 This is one of the best CD 's that has been relesed in years !! my favorite songs on the CD is `` All the things she said '' andNot gon na get us '' and Clowns -LRB- can you see me now -RRB- I highly recomend this CD to Everyone !
 I heard this group back in September when I was in Finland on a student exchange . They played the video on MTV Europe and I noticed that these girls were , or , at least appeared to be , lesbians . I did n't think much of them until my girlfriend told me that she had bought their CD and it was the best CD she bought in a long time and that she loved it . So , then I listened to her CD and I had to agree with her . It was one of the best CD 's I have heard in a long time . Well , my girl-friend 's mother tongue is Russian and she bought the Russian version of this album . And , I have bought the English version of the album before I left the country in mid-December . Let me tell you that the Russian language version of this album is TEN TIMES better than the English version ! -LSB- . -RSB- Do n't worry if you ca n't speak Russian . All the themes of the songs are similar except for Matchik Gay , which means , Gay boy in Russian . The Russian version of that song is that the girls are trying to tell a young gay boy to not be afraid and go out and get a boy-friend . There are also alot of extra songs on the Russian version that were not included on the english version . But , if you are a big fan of `` How soon is now '' then you will be disappointed because it is not included . To sum it all up , this is a wonderful debut album . And , if you have the oppurtunity , get the Russian version , but , if not , then just buy the English version . And by the way , at the beginning of `` Show me love '' the girl is saying `` so what '' whenever she says `` nuis stohl . '' Then she says , `` I am an answering machine . ''
 I bought this album out on a whim . I did n't know what to expect and I had only heard the single `` All The Things She Said '' . I decided since it was only $ 9.99 , I 'd check it out . There 's lots of rumors about the girls , but do n't let that push you away from this album . Gimmick or Real Deal ... ? These girls , as far as I 'm concerned are the real deal . I shall break down each track for you .1 -RRB- Not Gon na Get Us - This song is a great song to dance to . It 's one of those songs that start out with energy and does n't stop until the song ends . Pretty good song . Reminds me of those you 'd hear inside the dance clubs . -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- 2 -RRB- All The Things She Said - This is the single that drew me to the album . You all have probably heard it before . It is quite different than anything on the radio . Really nice , emotion song . One all can relate to some sort of love . -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- 3 -RRB- Show Me Love - This is an interesting song . It starts out as a ballad but turns into some sort of ballad techno song . If you have ever heard of Eiffel65 -LRB- `` Blue Da Ba Di '' -RRB- , this song is quite reminiscent of that sound . Simple lyrics ... perhaps too simple , but still a nice song . -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- 4 -RRB- 30 Minutes - One of the best songs on the album . You will instantly fall in love with this song . It is a soft piano driven ballad and the vocals fit the piece outstandingly . Simple lyrics yet touching and powerful due to the emotion the girls carry in their voices . This song alone is worth buying the CD . -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- 5 -RRB- How Soon Is Now - This is mere filler . Nothing too good about this song . It 's not a bad song ... it 's just average . I skip over it . -LRB- 3/5 -RRB- 6 -RRB- Clowns -LRB- Can You See Me Now ? -RRB- - Without a doubt the best song on the album . An instant pop/dance/club classic . The lyrics are great and the vocals are best . A song about finding the truth . I would describe this song as a pop/techo/2-step garage ballad . This along with `` 30 mintues '' is worth the $ 9.99 ... believe me ! -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- 7 -RRB- Malchik Gay - The title is Russian . This is an okay song . The lyrics are simple and to the point . Like track five it is average ... just slightly above average though . It 's worth hearing . -LRB- 3.5 / 5 -RRB- 8 -RRB- Stars - A great song with good vocals and sound . Perhaps the most unique song on the album . It reminds me of the group Enigma . Has a Russian vibe to it as well as a Russian rap/spoken part . This is a up beat ballad . It is composed really well . Outstanding . -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- 9 -RRB- Ya Shosla s Uma - `` All The Things She Said '' in Russian . It 's better in English . The language is too rough for this song . -LRB- 3.5 / 5 -RRB- 10 -RRB- Nas ne Dagoniat - `` Not Gon na Get Us '' in Russian . Still sounds good surprisingly . -LRB- 3.5 / 5 -RRB- 11 -RRB- Show Me Love -LSB- Extended Version -RSB- - Just as good as the original track . Just a little more upbeat and pop-like . -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- 12 -RRB- All The Things She Said Video - This is a multimedia track . The video is great and definitely worth the time to watch . -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- This CD does n't offer many tracks -LRB- 8 English tracks , 2 Russian re-dos , 1 re-mix , and 1 Video -RRB- , but overall it is worth the buy . Atleast it is something different than what is on the radio currently , a breath of fresh air . This is what the pop world needs , a little revamping . Good album , a good buy ... It 's worth the purchase . Overall I give this album a 4.2 .
 This astounding techno-rock-pop duet of teenage girls will blow you away . With Trevor Horn providing the sonic atmosphere , these girls ' vocals complete this landscape of voice , drums , rock guitars , and synthesizers . If you like the musical complexity of Garbage and the vocal freshness of Frente , you 'll love this band . The music is lyrical , invigorating , and mesmerizing . Hopefully Trevor Horn 's brilliant formula in working with these girls produces more innovations such as this album in the future .
 I really love this album , because of the daring lyrics and the interesting dynamic between Julia and Lena . They have different style voices , contrary to popular beleif . Julia has a much higher pitch , while Lena usually does the lower stuff/she has a more breathy voice.All in all , if you like the following : Soaring , high-pitched tennorsTechno beatsSongs ranging from ballads to techrockRussian lesbiansthen this c.d. is for you . -LRB- By the way , who the hell cares if they 're really going out or not ? Does it effect the actual music any ? -RRB-
 Tatu is the first Russian group to be such a success around the world . I heard all of their albums and every one of them is great . Everyone should find something that they like from this cd for sure.P.S . TA lybit TY is the meaning of their name , which means one girl loves another one.TATU is the best of the best !
 Folks , For several years , the Russian music scene has exploded with a wealth of talent . Tatu is not the best Russian group , but they are pretty good , their music is very catchy . And ... if you listen to the Russian versions , they 're even more hypnotic . \ According to people in Russia , Tatu is a kids band , a little 2nd rate , but what the heck , the songs are great , good melodies ... I sing to them ! My only problem is I heard them first as Russian songs , now they have been transformed into English!Perhaps someday the USA will be graced by even better artists , like Alsou Safina , someone who is a serious singer and can sing extrememly well .
 Well first and foremost I would like to say that this song is truly a good song . It can relate to many people ... The meaning of the words is more than enough and I think this is a hit song . Hopefully , people will like it just like I did . Now , it 's not just this song but their whole cd is amazing . I hope they get more cd 's out because these girls to my knowledge are very talented . Keep up the good work !
 where do I start with tatu ? they are AMAZING !! they have great talent they sing about REAL issues !! and they have great voices ! WAY better then brittany spears -LRB- yuck -RRB- so everybody should hear this cd and buy it !!!
 these album is full of good songs includingnot gon na get us-happy and danceful song 4/5all the things she said - great cool rythym and vocals 5/5show me love-best song on the album 5/530 minutes-emotional and cool beats 3/5how soon is now-charmed theme-5 / 5clowns-awesome !!! 4/5malchick gay-upbeat and a great song 5/5stars - awesome 4/5
 I 'm one of those in-betweeners , and by in-between I mean between dance and pop , and this is a perfect blend of it . It actually has some substantial lyrics which as you probably know is a rarity for dance music . On the other hand , the beat is deliciously catchy , so I ca n't help but always have the songs in my head . Would have given it 4 stars if they would have included more original songs , and less Russian/remixed versions of the first few songs on the album . Great for a US release , though ! This is definitely a buy .
 I widely recommend you this cd because you can hear it from the beginning to the end and you would never want to skip any track . It 's not the typical american production and you will find that these girls are n't famous just because of their controversial lives , but for their voice talent and the way they can show their feelings and make you fell the same while singing . Besides it was a great idea from Universal to include an interactive track as a bonus gift to all the fans .
 The TATu cd is a breath of fresh air to the music scenes . The brilliant mix of rock , techno , european dance , beautiful vocals , and searing guitars is something you will soon find yourself falling into . If that is not enough , the girls are beautiful , free willed , Russians who give the album an additional kick in the pants . In addition to the cd , you also receive the video to all the things she said as well as pieces of them ; not to be missed . The tunes are catchy as well . You may find yourself humming them throughout the day . Check out something new and the next direction of music . Check this cd out .
 First , I 'll start off with the fact that I 'm a frequent listener of international music . In stating that , t.A.T.u. 's english album , while different from the original Russian release , is truly amazing . The tones of their voices are so entrancing even in a different language , someone like myself often just listens to the music just for the emotions that the tones produce . When I started looking into the lyrics , I was amazed at how powerfull the words really were . Even though I do n't know who , if anyone , assists them in writing , the thought and power written into each song rings a tone worth steeping over . I recommend this album to anyone who really enjoys dance music combined with thoughtful , powerful ballads that are sure to elicit a positive response from ANY listener ! Cheers for Lena and Julia !
 T.A.T.U. is one of the best groups i have heard in a very long time ! This cd is a cd everyone that like anykind of music should get ! I give this a 15 out of 10 !
 This album is just amazing ! I heard `` All the things she said '' for the first time on MTV and decided I like the sound of TATU very much , so I bought the album the day it was released in the USA . I love all the songs , would be very difficult to choose a favourite.Their music is very catchy and after listening to it a few times you will find yourself singing along in Russian , having absolutely no idea what you might be saying ! It also just gets me dancing , does n't matter where I am , and the tunes have a knack of getting stuck in your head . So beware of singing out loud in public ... you have been warned . I 've done it and it was a little embarrassing ;-RRB- I have no idea how they manage to hit those high notes ! I get nowhere near them.I fully recommend this album to everyone , so go out and buy it today ! I have found that in some albums all the music tends to sound the same . TATU 's album is not like this , and I like that .
 200 km/h in the wrong lane is , in my opinion , a great album . the single , `` all the things she said '' is great , with bangin electro beats and wonderful singing , these two girls are really amazing . A step up from our US pop acts , this is more smart electronic music than pop , with the pop singers to draw in the crowds and make it friendly to a non-electronic audience . they take a smiths song and make it better than the original . Their accents are just adorable , and you can feel the two girls closeness , whether they are really `` together '' or it is just rumours , it is obvious they are close . It would be nice if there were more songs , but the songs on the album definitely satisfy . I believe these girls are the future of pop
 Hey I saw the thingy saw thoose two cuties and though hey who are thoose two and got the CD , , , the music is great people this is a winer and when I saw the video on it ... even better too hot man ! They are gon na go far ... Hey how about thoose little skirt and great goodest together lolI when back and got the CD demo and the remix vercion of all the things she said ... blew me away I ca n't turn it off lol cool if you like dance rock and pop !
 Adding `` 200km/h in the wrong lane '' to my CD-collection is probably the best thing I 've done for a long time . The CD has a good mix of slow relaxing songs and up-tempo songs including both songs in English and Russian . By having the two girls singin at the same time it lifts the song to a higher level . Together they make the songs even more powerful . The lyrics is n't always clear but , probably , that 's the good thing about those , a bit , mysterious girls from Russia . It 's also great that Russia , as a country , shows that also they produce modern and good music . Enjoy !
 In my opinion the new English album was done very well . Some of the songs had slight altercations in order to improve the overall flow of the songs which made it a little nicer . Most of the lyrics were very different from that of Russian which I do not like but if you have never heard the Russian tracks or do not speak it I am sure the album would be loved by anyone who likes electronica music .
 t.A.T.u is the greatest duo of all history even if they are lesbians , but I dont care.This album in my countdown is defenetly in the # 1 spot.The lyrics , the music , their voices , I mean everything is all perfect . t.A.T.u. defenetly rocks !!
 I have to say when I first heard about their suppositious teenage lesbian image -LRB- which I do n't believe is entirely their own making -RRB- I was turned off . But as soon as I heard the first note of their song `` all the things she said '' on MTV , I forgot all about their image.Their music is full of energy and beautifully melodic.T.a.t.u is different also because they lack the antagonistically annoying repetition of dance music ! This CD , with its rich lyrical content , is a much-needed escape from the bleak MTV hip-hop/rap driven US music scene.Each track is unique and as a whole creates a rich variety1 . Not Gon na Get us :
 I was n't expecting much from these `` lesbian posers '' but I was pleasantly surprised when I listened to the album . The super-addictive `` all the things she said '' really got to me so I bought the CD . There 's some pretty good stuff on here despite their high-pitched singing . Tracks like `` not gon na get us '' , `` show me love '' and `` stars '' are really well done.On the other hand 200KM/H IN THE WRONG LANE IS a really short CD with only 8 songs . The other 3 tracks are Russian versions of `` all the things she said '' , `` not gon na get us '' and an extended version of `` show me love '' . Lyrically this CD deals with gay love . Even the straight forward `` malchik gay '' deals with being in love with a gay boy.Despite Lena & Julia 's girl-on-girl gimmick , 200KM IN THE WRONG LANE is worth checking out .
 I have to say that I am a fan of different music , especially artists from other countries who do not get the respect they deserve on American airwaves . If you hop into my car , you can hear anything from bands like Fury In the Slaughterhouse , Morphine and The Judybats to R. Kelly and Missy Elliott and back to Tim Rushlow and Mark Wills -LRB- believe me that is quite a range -RRB- . So when the first time I heard `` All The Things She Said '' on the radio , my first response was ... `` hey , what , whoa , who is this new band ? Sounds like a cross between Prodigy and Enya ! '' After doing some research and accquiring the album , I can say my first impression of the band is about right . Most people would think that the mix between the two would be something that would clah horribly . However , this duo makes it work ... for that they get a passing grade . However , this album is actually far superior to a passing grade earning them four stars in my book . The only reason they would not get a five is that no one is perfect , but this is a great started album for the band . Some may get tired of the covert lesbian themes in the song , however , I think that probably any misunderstood teen or adult could identify with the lyrics.Going thru the list of songs , here is how the rank with one being the worse and ten being the best .1 . Not Going To Get Us - Dance track written all over it . This song has heavy beats and you will find your head bobbing to the beat . If you like Prodigy , this song reminds me a lot of their work . I played this song to death and I am sure my husband is ready to kill me from hearing it over and over . This song , in my opinion makes you feel like you are invincible ! A definate pick me up . -LRB- 9 -RRB- 2 . All The Things She Said -- Song with the most radio play . When I first heard the song , I thought it was pretty cool . I still think this song is a good song , however , it has been replaced by other songs on the album which I believe are better . -LRB- 7 -RRB- 3 . Show Me Love -- This is the best song on the album in my opinion . Not as fast as Track One , but I can see this song become a club favorite -LRB- as the remix/extended version -RRB- . This is another one of those songs that I have played to death . The orginal version of Show Me Love , although a techno song is one that you will find yourself singing under your breath unaware one day at work `` like a game a pick up sticks , played by f -- ing lunatics '' when things at work are just not going well ! -LRB- 10 -RRB- 4 . 30 Minutes -- Here , we are more on the side of Enya . I was a little taken aback by this track , however , it is a beautiful track and it deals with tough decisions . Very simple and clean and you can really hear the beauty of the girl 's vocals on this track . Although not a dance track , I think if you are in a mellow mood you would like this song -LRB- 7 -RRB- 5 . How Soon Is Now ? -- I approached this track with caution at first because I have heard so many remakes of this song by The Smith 's from artists such as Morrisey and Love Spit Love . This is the ultimate gloom and doom song dealing with love and relationships , and I have a tendency to be a little bit harder on covers ... in my opinion covers usually destroy the beauty of the orginal . However , this is not the case here ! Tatu makes this song almost seem ... should I dare say , happy ? You can bob your head to this song and do a little dance as well ! Good Job ! -LRB- 9 -RRB- 6 . Clowns -- Another Dance track . This track reminds me a little more of Basement Jaxx than Prodigy ... or more like a cross between the two and a little bit of Moby . If I had to burn this track on a personal cd , I would probably stick this song next to Basement Jaxx 's `` Rendez - Vu '' ... it is not as heavy on the beats as Basement Jaxx , however , I give the reference do to the fact a guitar is used very heavly on `` Rendez - Vu '' . Here the girls sing pretty fast , but it goes with the pace of the song . A good song , not a favorite , but a song that would get your butt out of the chair and moving ! -LRB- 8 -RRB- 7 . Malchik Gay -- Daring song ... these girls love controversy do n't they ? Wanting a gay guy ? Wow . -LRB- But I am sure that a couple of us `` straight '' women have wanted a guy of the opposite taste a time or two ! -RRB- I do n't really see this a song that would be played in a club , but it does have some dance appeal . More of an enya song , this song sounds probably as close as Top 40 as you can get , but I doubt with the lyrics of the song it would get there . This song is pretty average , nice , but not the best one on the album -LRB- 5 -RRB- 8 . Stars -- Another Enya song in the vein of `` 30 Minutes '' . It repeats the some lyrics , not much of a song . Much of it is in Russian in a scratchy dj sound , which takes away from the song . The song does demonstrate the power of the girl 's voices , though . Good to listen to if you are in a mellow mood , however it is probably the weakest song on the CD -LRB- 3 -RRB- 9 and 10 -- Untranslated versions the two first songs see above ratings .11 Show Me Love -- extended version , see above.I all I think the CD shows promise and that it is definately worth a listen . A good Dance Album . Hope this helps !
 I am NOT a `` pop-music '' fan . I usually listen to heavy/death metal and classical music . This CD blew me away ... It is not stupid and corny like the American boy bands and Brittany -- These girls are full of talent . The tracks include rave/dance and metal riffs , a combination that usually does n't work . This CD is well worth the money . I think the best tracks are # 2 `` All the Things She Said '' and # 5 `` How Soon is Now ? '' I will be buying the Russian-language import soon .
 Admittedly , I bought this disc because I wanted to find out what the big deal was about in other countries . My last experience with Russian pop -LRB- Gorky Park -RRB- was enough to make me cringe at the thought of ever buying another Russian album . But , I figured the disc was cheap , and there were two cute girls on the cover ... how could I go wrong?Boy , did I underestimate my purchase . This is probably one of the best non-compilation CD 's I 've purchased in years.Right off the bat , the sound is very clean . You can tell that somebody put a lot of work , and a lot of care in to this album . The production work is absolutely top-notch . From there , the lyrics are more interesting than what you 'd expect from a pop album , the music itself often borders on techno / house , and their voices are stunning.For better or worse , you ca n't even tell these girls are n't American on their English tracks , but the inclusion of the Russian tracks was an excellent bonus.Everything about this disc is slick . I ca n't stress enough what a high quality production this is . I 'm reasonably sure anyone who likes pop , dance , or even techno will get something out of this disc .
 If you 've followed the success of these girls -LRB- as I have -RRB- then you 've probably been waiting for this release since May . Whether or not it is worth the wait , who knows . The songs are basically American-ized/commericalized versions of the original Russian songs . The songs are much easier to listen to in English , and `` Not Gon na Get Us '' and `` Show Me Love '' are improvements over the original . The highlight of the CD has to be `` How Soon Is Now ? '' It is definitely the best song I 've heard from Julia and Lena , Russian or English . Plus , the video footage of them is worth the price alone . If you 've got a thing for teenage Russian lesbians ... well , then chances are you probably already own this .
 The sound that T.A.T.U. has is very interesting , and while their image is being marketed to overly-hormonal straight teenage boys , their message is great , even if ignored , and something to be paid attention to by all people.I 'm saddened by the way they 're being portrayed and reviewed . Being lesbian is not something to `` turn on '' the boys . It is not something to sell their music . It is the way they are , and making music about it is no more remarkable than any of the hundreds of artists making songs about heterosexual love.The album is awesome - but buy it for the right reasons .
 This cd is totally awesome . I 've waited a whole six months for this and it proved the wait . It 's more of a new thing for the music industry the whole lesbian thing whether it 's true or not who knows except them . Aside from that the techno sounds pumping out with a poppish chorus is truly great . Alot of magazines are saying that this is the future of pop and I 'm glad it has a techno feel to it rather than the rap thats going on now . This cd is really worth the 6 to 10 bucks you shell out .
 She loved it . It 's one of her favorite bands . Also , she received quite early . Could n't be happier . Great album and in perfect condition . .
 This group is just amazing . If you like pop music this if for you . Its a refreshing change from Britney and NSync . So emotional and raw.Excellent melodies and beats . The lyrics get stuck in your head . So much a Russian atmosphere to it . The stand out track is the lead single of `` All The Things She Said `` but also standout is `` How Soon Is Now '' , and `` Not Gon na Get Us '' . Dont pass up this record . Its well worth the listen . Its a sorely missed slice of music missed in the American pop scene today .
 I LUFF this CD . It is brilliant , better than any other CD I 've seen .1 . Not Gon na Get Us ***** A great song , their beautiful voices are introduced in this first track .2 . All the Things She Said ***** The radio favorite and the first I heard of t.A.T.u. . A powerful song .3 . Show Me Love ***** Fantastic lyrics
 I heard of t.A.T.u. about a month ago from a friend . He said something about techno russian lesbians . He 's not gay , so he does n't understand what a big deal it is for a homosexual -LRB- or two -RRB- to release a CD in America . He sort of has bad tastes in music and he told me they -LSB- were bad -RSB- . That night I downloaded all I could to see if I could prove him wrong . Once again , he was wrong about music . t.A.T.u. definitely has their own sound , voice , and style . It 's not just the english versions of their songs . Their russian songs are extraordinary as well . -LRB- ex . Robot , Nas Nie Dogonyat , and La Soshla s Uma . -RRB- This CD is definitely worth it . t.A.T.u. is worth your time.t.E.A.m . t.A.T.u. member , tuk_tuk_tuk
 I first bought this album in Moscow in 2001 , when the album was first released . It became a instant hit in Russia , and I loved the album . According to the Russian press , they are not real lesbians , but that does not interfere with the album 's popularity at all , in fact it only makes it that much more interesting . THe English lyrics have been altered somewhat , the Russian title to `` All the Things She Said '' is , translated , `` I 've Lost My Mind '' -LRB- Ya Soshla s Uma -RRB- . THe same points are made however . THe musik is upbeat and fun , and a great listen.If you liked this album , and are interested in Russian music , some other Russian artists are Strelki , Ruki Vverkh , Linda , Zemfira , and Alsou -LRB- whose album is also available in English -RRB- I can only hope that some of these artists make it here also .
 Got ta love lesbian duos . Heh . As a gay male musician , I find that open and honest homosexual artists -LRB- especially in the music and acting biz -RRB- are few and far between . So what first drew me to this duo was their killer video for the song `` All The Things She Said '' . A friend told me about it , saying , `` They 're like , all making out and stuff ! '' I just had to see it for myself , and I watched it . It 's a sweet video , and the kissing and other romantic antics are far from inappropriate or obscene ... in fact , they 're downright heartfelt . Knowing the affections in their video were real and not an act made it innocent and beautiful . But then again , I am a bit overly-sentimental when it comes to romance.Okay , so on to the musical critique ... I went out and bought the album the day after I heard/saw the music video . I loved the song . I would have given the album 5 stars but I took off half a star for the almost-too-similar sound of all the songs . Luckily , they depart from their norm just enough times to keep me from getting bored . The other half a star was docked because I ca n't get this CD to play on my computer ... I 'm assuming this is due in part to the music industry 's ongoing efforts to stop piracy . So basically , i did n't care , but since they do n't have half-star ratings , I went ahead and docked my superfluous half-star . Anyway , if you 've heard and liked the single `` All The Things She Said '' , DEFINITELY get this album .
 Hmm , what can I say about t.A.T.u. that has n't already been said ? Well , first off , do n't listen to the new commercials for their album ; their name is pronounced `` tattoo , '' not T-A-T-U . I really do n't know why they started doing that . Anyway , let me explain how I discovered them . I heard about t.A.T.u. a while ago , and their whole marketing act made me remember -LRB- with disgust -RRB- the time of the Spice Girls . But they still caught my interest . One day while I was in Wal-Mart , I came across their single for `` All The Things She Said . '' They were selling it for less than -LRB- ... -RRB- , so I figured why not and bought it . However , I never actually listened to it . Finally a day came when I was bored and saw it sitting their , so I decided to give it a spin . For the following week I listened to it non-stop everyday . Cut to the present , where I have now owned their full length album since Christmas , so I feel I can write a fair enough review of it . Basically , if you like `` All The Things She Said , '' you 'll probably like the whole album . At only 11 tracks -LRB- two of which being Russian versions of `` All The Things She Said '' and `` Not Gon na Get Us '' -RRB- , the album 's a bit short , but it 's got a low price , and it has behind-the-scenes video stuff and a music video for `` All The Things She Said , '' so it makes up for its small tracklist . Musically , the album is a relatively equal mix of techno , pop and hard rock . The lyrics are all based around the theme of love , but they definitely do n't sound like normal love songs ! As far as their whole image goes , you might as well just not worry about it , because if they do get popular here and last , I can promise you they will lose their whole sexy schoolgirl lesbian theme soon enough . The good thing is that the music easily trandscends the image , and you forget about their image while listening . If you watch the bonus material you might notice that they seem to have an image-interest with anime , which does n't matter much but would be cool if they embraced that idea . To sum it all up , t.A.T.u. is definitely not for everyone . Their music might appeal to you if you like techno , pop or rock , but definitely check out a couple of their songs first . But you should definitely at least give them a chance . So go on , give 'em a shot ... you might be surprised !
 Thank you Russia , for this great , upbeat compilation that actually has a message . One of the year 's best pop releases so far !
 This CD is worth buying . I was just buying it for `` All The Things She Said '' but when I listened to the rest of the CD , I fell in love with it . It sounds great . T.A.T.U. is a great group , hope they make it over here in the U.S. , if they do n't , we are really missing out on real talent . I think it 's pretty cool that they are a couple , and a singing couple at that . I have no problems with it . Number 12 of the CD is wonderful , you get the Video , and Behind the Scenes Part 2 . -LRB- What happen to part 1 ? -RRB- Also , I think it 's pretty cool they added the Russian version of `` All The Things She Said '' -LRB- number 9 -RRB- , and `` Not Gon na Get Us '' -LRB- number 10 -RRB- to the CD . In my opinion , this is a great CD , so go out , get it . You will NOT be disappointed!P.S . If you have a Dolby Digital Surround Sound Home Theatre System , it 's really awesome on there if you play it on there .
 I REALLY HAD DOUBTS THAT THEIR ALBUM WOULD BE ANOTHER POP-BORING ALBUM . BUT YOU NEVER GET TIRED OF HEARING THEIR SINGLES FOR INSTANT ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID HAS AN AWESOME VOCAL RECORDING AND NOT GON NA GET US HAS THAT COOL AND UP BEAT RYTHYM IF YOURE TIRED OF AVRIL AND CHRISTINA AND WANT TO HEAR REAL MUSIC BUY THEIR ALBUM !!!!!!!!
 This is such an awesome collection of music , you wont believe it . The sound is fresh and intoxicating and will leave you wisihing for more . The girls -LRB- Lena and Yulia -RRB- are talented , unlike many of today 's artists . You reall must listen to this to get the full blast of the music . If you want/need exciting , addicting music , get this CD
 I saw tatu sing for some video awards thing and I fell in love with them . I checked their music out on amazon and they are awesome . I love the whole british pop thing . both of these girls have amazing voices and everyone should buy this cd . it is 100 % perfection ! : -RRB-
 all their songs are good . `` All the things she said '' reminds me of `` nobody 's home '' by Avril Lavinge . not kidding . it really does . but I never said that was a bad thing .
 I got this CD because I liked `` All the Things She Said '' and it was only 7 dollars . It turned out to be pretty good . The girls may or may not be a novelty act , but if it is all just an act , it 's one that works so well . Their voices sound really good together , and most of the songs are pretty good . `` All the Things She Said '' is good , but I also love `` Not Gon na Get Us '' , `` Show Me Love '' , and `` How Soon Is Now '' . The other songs are good , but those songs really stand out to me .
 Hey , by now you probably know who TATU is , but this cd is great all around . Even though it 's all in Russian , if you 've heard the English version , you get the idea of what it 's talking about . If you do n't know Russian , just listen b/c they have really powerful voices and emotions . I think the Russian versions have a lot more power b/c it 's their native language . The English versions are awesome too , but the Russian versions kick butt!I love ALL of their songs , but all-in-all , this album rocks and is well worth the money ! Enjoy !
 This is the best CD on earth ! I love the songs on the album , they have beautiful lyrics and melodies . Lena and Yulia 's voices are great as well ! 1 . Not gon na get us - great song , great drums and good lyrics 5/52 . All the thing she said - this is a classic , great guitars and catchy melody , i became instantly addicted ! 5/53 . Show me love - this song rocks , it 's got a fab beat and the girls sound great on this song ! 5/54 . 30 minutes - a beautiful ballad , the haunting laughs and the bomb ticking adds a haunting atmosphere to the song . I like ! 4/55 . How soon is now ? - a song with a great rock-ish sound to it , Yulia stands out in this song ! 5/56 . Clowns -LRB- can you see me now ? -RRB- - this is a beautiful song , the lyrics and melody are both brilliant , the piano instrumental bit makes the song something special . 5/57 . Malchik Gay - the acoustic guitars on this songs gives a somewhat relaxed effect . I love it ! the lyrics are cool too ! 5/58 . Stars - This song is amazingly beautiful , a mix between english and russian . Lena sings in english and yulia raps in russian ! It gives a very nice atmosphere to the room u are listening this song in . Lena shines on this song ! 5/59 . Ya Shosla S Uma - Russian version of All the things she said , both girls seem to feel more at home singing in their mother tongue . i love both versions ! 5/510 . Nas Ne Dagoniat - Russian version of Not gon na get us , the russian verses sound so beautiful ! I love this ! 5/511 . Show me love -LRB- extended verson -RRB- - I actually like the extended version better than original , the reason is because of the guitars at the beginning of the song . It gives a rock-ish sound to the song . full of energy ! i like ! 5/5about their lesbian image , who cares ? we 're listening to their music not just looking at them ! make the right decision and buy this CD !
 Everyone talks about their lesbianism , and the fact that they 're teens . I could care less . I do n't care if it 's simply a ploy to get money . They could be 30 year old drag queens for all I care . I only listen to my CDs ; I do n't try to dig into the artists ' lives . I do n't watch MTV , and if I were to see these girls on the street , I 'd not notice.That being said , are these deep emotional songs ? God no . Not even close . If the other reviews are correct , they do n't even know the English they 're singing . They 're typical pop trash.BUT , they 're CATCHY typical pop trash . So , while I do appreciate deep , moving , poetic music , I also enjoy music that is simply fun . And this is , to me , fun . Good beat . Catchy chorus . I 'd pity anyone that did n't like this band and happened to hear one of their songs , because it 'd take you the rest of the day to scrape these songs out of your skull.So , if you 're one of those people that gets embarrassed by certain CDs in your collection , do n't buy this.If you pride yourself on meaningful music/lyrics , do n't buy this.If you could care less about these things and just listen to what you like , give it a shot . You might enjoy it.And , of course , if you 're the `` typical '' MTV viewer , the votes are in ; you do love this lol .
 I would give this album five stars , but some of the songs are quite repetitive . But most are undeniably catchy . `` All the things she said '' is awesome and practically cries out to be covered by a metal band . The lyrics will be `` running through your head , running through your head '' long after you 're done listening to it though . `` Malchik Gay '' is the second most catchy song on the album , and I recommend that those old enough to remember the commercial for monchichi 's -LRB- monchichi , monchichi , oh so soft and cud-ul-lee ! -RRB- substitute that commercial 's lyrics for the actual lyrics . I guarantee that you 'll be giggling for hours . Their synthesized squeakiness is surprisingly not annoying , and in fact contributes to feeling sympathy for all their lesbian angst . -LRB- I 'm rootin ' for you girls ! -RRB- Such sympathy is only slightly tempered by the thought of all the rubles they 're rolling in due to the commercial success of this album . Their cover of the Smiths ' `` How Soon is Now ? '' was a major disappointment though , as they fail miserably to capture any of that song 's feelings of despair and loneliness .
 every song on it is brilliant i bought the album in waterford when i was on holiday and i just couldent stop listning to it GREAT GREAT t.A.T.U. rocks
 When I picked up this CD , I was only interested in the 2 hits songs . After hearing the rest of the album , WOW !! This stuff rocks . The style of music is catchy and unique . Russian versions of the songs are neat but I would have liked to see a full album of songs.Hope to see a followup full album .
 When I got the t.A.T.u. CD , I really really loved it . I had heard All The Things She Said and Not Gon na Get Us on the radio and stuff before , but I wanted the whole album and it was everything I expected and more . 30 Minutes is my favorite song on the CD . I 've cried while listening to it before , it 's just so beautiful . I also like Clowns and all the other songs on there as well . It 's a wonderfully mixed album , put together so it flows from song to song , keeping your attention with interesting lyrics and catchy melodies . My friend and I even dressed up as them for halloween ... =D -LRB- I was Lena , she was Julia ... -RRB- yeah I definitely think they 're awesome and I can sometimes relate to their lyrics so , in my book , this was an excellent album .
 I purchased this album after hearing the group 's single `` All The Things She Said '' on the radio . After giving the album a listen , I did n't really care much for it . But after listening to it over again , I began to notice the duo 's amazing high voices that are instruments all in theirself . Then I noticed the innovative producing that really makes this album great . The producers use a range of instruments including drums , electric guitars , pianos , violins , and even an instrument that plays Eastern-like music . The thing that makes this duo different from other pop acts though is their lyrics . No , they do n't write their own songs , but their lyrics are so well written and contain so much true meaning that they can really relate to , as well as any teenager.The songs that I LOVE the most on this album are `` Show Me Love '' , `` How Soon Is Now '' , and most of all , `` Stars '' . `` Show Me Love '' is a love song with a really awesome beat . `` How Soon Is Now '' really shows the duos AMAZING high voices , which they use SO beautifully . This song also has great lyrics and use of instruments . And then `` Stars '' , my favorite , is -LRB- I think -RRB- a love song . In `` Stars '' , there is use of this Eastern-sounding instrument that is really romantic and sensual . They also rap -LRB- very well -RRB- quite a bit in this song.Their songs are n't the typical VERSE 1 , CHORUS , VERSE 2 , CHORUS , REPEAT CHORUS . T.A.T.U 's style is very original and their sound is all their own . Their producers take a different approach to turning lyrics into a song and it 's very unique . The melodies are very beautiful and stick with you . This album is one of the best I 've heard EVER , and I strongly recommend it . You might not like it at first , but you will eventually love it .
 With a sond that mixes Techno and Pop , its easy to see why t.A.T.u is a band that will make it big . Originally from Russia , these two lesbian teens smashed ont the seen with `` All The Things She Said '' , a song that depicts the life of two girls in love while being loked down upon by society . With other songs like `` Theyre Not Gon na Get Us '' , apparently a song about people trying to change them -LRB- ? -RRB- , these girs look like they are ready to take on the world without taing any crap . It should be interesting to see how well they do in America compared to how they did in Europe . If yor into up-beat poppy techno , this cd should be on your `` Things to buy '' list !
 Anyone who understands the sugary rush of a GREAT pop single , especially one that 's overproduced ; hurry and buy this album ! Fans of Abba , Aqua , Ace of Base , or the Sweet will flip out over the flawless lush arrangements and songs.The slickness of the album is undeniable , and I am one who thrives raw , unpolished music . BUT when it 's done right -LRB- and this is -RRB- it 's infallible ; the hooks do what they should . They HOOK you in and keep you coming back.Oddly enough , the polished and structured tracks have a powerful emotional content . It 's likely the wonderful melodies and chord structures in these amazing songs that do the trick . Combined with these emotional songs , the rather bland lyrics work well ; not too clever or tricky.I dare you to hear it once and not REMEMBER it !
 This album is great and very well put together with many catchy tunes and rhythms . Those who hate this album and judge it based on its content and its artists are just down-right STUPID and NAIVE . These girls worked hard on making their albums and they deserve all the good credit for it . This album is worth every penny so if you do n't currently own this album ... purchase one here or at any music store within your location !! = -RRB-
 do NOT listen to the reviews talking about tatu 's image . Those are reviews writen by people who probably didnt even open the cd case , let alone take the time to listen to or appreciate the music they bought , if they in fact even bought the cd . I wouldnt be surprised if the bad reviews were writen by a bunch of low life homophobes who have nothing better to do than rag on people they only wish they could be . These girls are incredible , and the music is great . Let 's try to remember the music here , people ! If you wan na say something about their image , review a magazine article about them or a picture , not their cd . This is a place for people with TASTE , not Avril fans . Sorry , but fake canadian imports only get played on the air because they were made in the states . Tatu is the first Russian group to sell 1 million albums , they 've come to the states , they 're huge in the states , so do n't go off saying they 're not good cuz they 're not played on TRL everyday . That just proves how bad your taste in music really is . I wouldnt be proud if I were you . The music is what 's important , key word , M-U-S-I-C , and they 're great vocals backed up by awesome euro-beats are great for any mood , anytime . I 'd buy 5 copies of this album , I cant get enough . A + girls , you 've truely hit a home run with this album .
 ... what can I say about this release comparing it to the original Russian CD released in 2001 ? One word
 I really enjoy the t.A.T.u CD , 200 KM/H in the wrong lane . The songs are very honest and true and most of them are upbeat . I would recommend their CD to anyone . t.A.T.u. RULES !
 I 'm into stuff harder than this , but this CD had me gobsmacked . It 's just amazing . Since I know you want some description , here we go : Not Gon na Get Us
 When I heard ` All the things she said ' the first time , I thought they 're horrible , but then I had a stab with that album . I can say that it was one of my best decisions for the reason it 's brilliant ; 1 . Not Gon na Get Us - energetic and poetic song about runing away . It tottaly makes you feel the environment of the night and the motorway .2 . All The Things She Said-I prefer the russian version of this song because it has better lyrics3.Show Me Love-It 's the kind of song which you can really yell . Good to listen , good to sing4 . 30 Minutes - romantic , soft and very emotional5 . How Soon Is Now ? - This is the worst song on this album in my opinion , no wonder , because it has got no russian version6 . Clowns -LRB- Ca n't You See Me Now ? -RRB- - My favourite song , which has the features of a hard-rock and a very melancolic melody . Blockbuster -LRB- kind of a MUST LISTEN type -RRB- 7 . Malchik Gay - Light song about a boy who does n't like girls . Too light for me , but has a good rythm .8 . Stars - Skazy Zanchem or Zanchem Ja - The Russian versions are much better both in lyrics and in music.If can say I 'd recommend the Russian version of the album for everyone because it is much more enjoyable -LRB- maybe because they are Europians also -RRB- Russian is a marvellous language , and is worth learning or just listen to it.p.s. : Do n't forget to listen to their new single , which they are performing at Eurovision Festival , called ` Ne ver , ne bojsia , ne prosi ' -LRB- Do n't be afraid , do n't be desperate , do n't extinguish -RRB-
 I am not going to spend time praising this cd , as it has been praised by many before me for its controversial lyrics and smooth beautiful music . I just want to address the negative reviews saying that Tatu 's music and act were created for them by the American Trevor Horn . Being Russian , it offends me to read such a review . For your information , the Russian version of `` All the Things She Said '' -LRB- Ya Soshla S Uma -RRB- came out in Russia in 2000 - 3 years ago - before anyone had ever heard of the girls , followed by an album in 2001 . And let me assure you that the music in all of the Russian songs from 2 and 3 years ago is identical to the English version today , only the words have been translated . So unless Trevor Horn or someone else travelled to Russia 3 years ago and wrote music and albums for unknown 15 and 16 year-old , it should be obvious that the music is indeed the creation of the Tatu girls themselves . I would recommend for everyone to find the original Tatu songs in Russian and enjoy the experience in their native language - the songs do not lose their beauty and only gain mysticism .
 Although I am a big R&B ; / Hip-Hop/Rap fan , I found this CD to be quiet well put together and hot ! I find myself dancing and singing the words to these songs . T.A.T.U. seemed to pop out of nowhere , but they are here to stay!Not Gon na Get Us -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- - The hottest song on the CD ! It makes you want to dance and scream at the top of your lungs . I believe it 's about them being them against the world . How cute.All The Things She Said -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- - The first single that made me go pick the CD up . I love it to death!Show Me Love -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- - Another well put together song . It has to be my favorite song as well as `` Not Gon na Get Us '' . It is so deep . It makes you sad , mad , happy , and feel hot and sweaty all at once .30 Minutes -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- - A sweet , slow song . It really stands out on the album . It is also very deep and poetic . The writing on this CD is excellent.How Soon Is Now ? -LRB- 5/10 -RRB- - Never really listen to this song but it 's alright.Clowns -LRB- Can You See Me Now ? -RRB- -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- - A very upbeat , dance track.Malchik Gay -LRB- Gay Boy -RRB- -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- - A very hot song with a nice beat . I believe it 's about gay boys . Weird but OK.Stars -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- - One of the most poetic and sad songs on the CD . It is so mystical and makes you feel sorrow in your heart.I love the beat!Ya Shosla S Uma -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- - The `` All The Things She Said '' song in Russian . I try to sing along but it is so funny!Nas ne Dagoniat -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- - `` Not Gon na Get Us '' in Russian . Boy this girls are really takin ' us to Russia huh?Show Me Love -LSB- Extended Version -RSB- -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- - A great song made longer . How much better can this CD get?Overall Grade
 I must say that this album kicks butt . Not only am i impressed by the lyrics and beats , which astounded me even more on how fluent these girls are at english and russion , but the fact that these girls dont give a $ hit about what other people think . One thing that puzzled me though was why Japans album got bonus tracks , but not europes or the US one .
 This is really a very good album and it represents a real cultural cross-over . I wanted to reject notions that translations might be suspect , as expert opinions on the subject are readily available -LRB- My Wife -RRB- and the translations capture the context and the meaning very well . T.A.T.U. is comparable to the musical revolution of the 60 's and 70 's in the states . The music is socially revolutionary in a very real sense . Buy it and see !!!
 When you look at the girls of t.A.T.u. , you ca n't help but wonder if these girls are really lesbians or just two variables behind a music marketing scheme . All questions are answered with their debut album , `` 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane , '' where listeners are taken into their world.The strongest tracks on the album are `` All the Things She Said '' -LRB- which hints to girl-girl relationships -RRB- , `` How Soon Is Now ? '' -LRB- an amazing cover of the Smiths ' classic -RRB- , and `` 30 Minutes '' -LRB- a hautingly track of hopelessness and confusion -RRB- . This album is truly of rare talent . A defenite must-buy .
 I wish I could rate this higher !!! Anyway , I Highly recommend this to ppl that are lovers of music , because I believe that you will thoroughly enjoy this disc.It is Excellent!After a couple of days you will not be able to get it out of your head-you will be completely intoxicated with this music it 's truly a delightful treat to hear it : -RRB- You will want to hear it everyday!lol atleast , that 's my experience , lol My Personal Opinion , of course .
 Normally this style of music gets annoying to me after a few minutes . However , I found that I could listen to song after song and I really enjoyed them . Even the songs that are not completely in English I was digging because they had upbeat , cool sounding music and the chorus was catchy even though I did n't know what it meant . Most CD 's I have bought recently like Britney and Christina only have a couple of good songs and the rest of the CD I do n't bother to listen to . But with this CD you get about 8 very good songs and the other songs r pretty ok too . I give this CD praise !!!
 I only gave it 4 stars because I have not yet bought the CD . However , most people fall in the middle of the scale in regards to their sexuality . No , these girls are n't lesbian . They have said they are n't ! Does it mean they are fake ?! NO ! They are bisexual young women . Does this mean they are swingers or '' just in a phase '' or `` just not admitting the truth '' NO ! These girls give a voice to bisexual persons . They self admitedly love their boyfriends and it is unmistakable to see they have a love for eachother as well . Granted at times on stage , they may stereotype themselves and other bisexuals by being openly overly sexual onstage.However , their relationship is NOT fake . You can tell by looking at how they look at eachother . It is NOT just LUST enacted by petty teenagers . There is a love between these girls you can see when they are interviewed . They hold hands and share a genuine love . BRITINEY SPEARS ??? I fail to see the comparison . Blessings to these girls who are berated and judged for being who they are .
 When I first heard about T.A.T.U , who are these two Russian teenage girls who are apparently lesbian , I thought this would be just another gimmicky pop thing whose music would be on the level of the CHEEKY GIRLS -LRB- `` Touch My Bum '' -RRB- . So I was really surprised when I heard the two singles `` Not Gon na Get Us '' and `` All The Things She Said '' . This music is more like PRODIGY-lite than the CHEEKY GIRLS . In a way , you could compare T.A.T.U. 's debut to BRITNEY SPEARS , although BRITNEY 's music and her videos were a lot ` happier ' than this duo 's . Anyway , all the songs in this album are great for club-play and are really well-produced , but somehow I felt there was a mis-match between the music and the band 's image . It 's not quite as ` fun ' as you 'd expect a teenage lesbian pop act to be . My advice to these girls would be to either lighten up a little and make their music -LRB- and videos -RRB- a little more ` fun ' to go with their ` teen-lesbian ' image , or to simply get rid of the whole lesbian facade and become a hardcore club-play band .
 Wow ... finally the United States is playing music that has been around for a very long time and is very popular in Europe and most of the World . Industrial electronic EBM music has been around for quite some time from the likes Covenant , : Wumpscut : , VNV Nation just to name a few . It 's a shame that Madonna 's fans know more about EBM than American fans that have TRL stuffed downed their throat everyday . The music industry in America stinks and should realize that there is better music out there that dos n't revolve around the Inquirer 's front page and who is dating who . Who cares music is supposed to be music and these girls are at least out there now and hopefully more bands and singles will creep from the wood works to shake American `` music '' as we know it .
 My first introduction to T.A.T.U. was when they played `` All the Things She Said '' during the last episode of `` Birds of Prey '' . From that moment , I knew that they had to be great . This is just a wonderful CD . As for the enhanced CD part , it includes the video for `` All the Things She Said '' and a behind the scenes thing on that video . Each of the songs is great and they all have extremely well thought out lyrics . The best song on here is probably `` All the Things She Said '' , followed very closely by `` 30 Minutes '' . The CD as a whole seems to have the theme of two girls trying to decide whether or not to tell their parents that they 're lesbians . Even the two tracks in Russian are good . I like `` Nas Ne Dogonyat '' better than `` Not Gon na Get Us '' , quite honestly . Also , one fo the songs on here is `` How Soon is Now '' , a song many people would recognize as the `` Charmed '' theme song , but both this version and the `` Charmed '' version of the song are covers of a song by The Smiths . All in all , this CD is simply wonderful . I can not stress that enough .
 t.A.T.u 's album ' 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane is a great addition to the music world . Lena and Julia have very unique voices that are refreshing . With the current single ` All The Things She Said ' they have so that they are planning to stay around and with other songs like ` Show Me Love ' and '30 Minutes ' they have made a great album . This album is also has lyrical creativity , and great dance beats . All in all its a well put together album .
 Although many people do n't agree with their video or lyrics , t.A.T.u. speaks to many of us positively . Their lyrics show all the sides of love for all people , not just lesbians . They took the United States by storm with their unique sound , a mix of pop and techno . This was just what the pop scene needed , a refreshingly new sound . Fans of Daft Punk and Moby will share an interest with those who like Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake . t.A.T.u. unites these two completely different tastes in just one album . I highly recommend the purchase of this album if you 're into airy , angelic vocals and dance worthy beats .
 A while ago , like a long while ago I heard this song on the radio and I was instantly hooked on it , but I had n't heard it sense . Well , I heard it again on the radio one day and was instantly drawn in by it ! The song just so happened to be `` All the Things She Said '' by tATu . So , I ran out -LRB- litterally ran -RRB- to the store and bought their album . I listen to it while running , I tell all my friends about it , it 's really just a great album ! I love the remix of an old 80 's song and I am absolutely crazy about how some of their songs are in English and Cyrrillic on the same album ! -LRB- And it was nice of them to put the lyrics to all the songs in the cover as well . -RRB- I enthusiasticly give this album two thumbs up because I love their new sound , the subject matter they sing about , and it 's wonderful to take with you on a jog !
 A while ago , like a long while ago I heard this song on the radio and I was instantly hooked on it , but I had n't heard it sense . Well , I heard it again on the radio one day and was instantly drawn in by it ! The song just so happened to be `` All the Things She Said '' by tATu . So , I ran out -LRB- litterally ran -RRB- to the store and bought their album . I listen to it while running , I tell all my friends about it , it 's really just a great album ! I love the remix of an old 80 's song and I am absolutely crazy about how some of their songs are in English and Cyrrillic on the same album ! -LRB- And it was nice of them to put the lyrics to all the songs in the cover as well . -RRB- I enthusiasticly give this album two thumbs up because I love their new sound , the subject matter they sing about , and it 's wonderful to take with you on a jog !
 A while ago , like a long while ago I heard this song on the radio and I was instantly hooked on it , but I had n't heard it sense . Well , I heard it again on the radio one day and was instantly drawn in by it ! The song just so happened to be `` All the Things She Said '' by tATu . So , I ran out -LRB- litterally ran -RRB- to the store and bought their album . I listen to it while running , I tell all my friends about it , it 's really just a great album ! I love the remix of an old 80 's song and I am absolutely crazy about how some of their songs are in English and Cyrrillic on the same album ! -LRB- And it was nice of them to put the lyrics to all the songs in the cover as well . -RRB- I enthusiasticly give this album two thumbs up because I love their new sound , the subject matter they sing about , and it 's wonderful to take with you on a jog !
 A while ago , like a long while ago I heard this song on the radio and I was instantly hooked on it , but I had n't heard it sense . Well , I heard it again on the radio one day and was instantly drawn in by it ! The song just so happened to be `` All the Things She Said '' by tATu . So , I ran out -LRB- litterally ran -RRB- to the store and bought their album . I listen to it while running , I tell all my friends about it , it 's really just a great album ! I love the remix of an old 80 's song and I am absolutely crazy about how some of their songs are in English and Cyrrillic on the same album ! -LRB- And it was nice of them to put the lyrics to all the songs in the cover as well . -RRB- I enthusiasticly give this album two thumbs up because I love their new sound , the subject matter they sing about , and it 's wonderful to take with you on a jog !
 the funny thing about this album is most of the stuff IS them covering their own songs , albeit in english . i was studying russian in school , and a friend of mine pointed out their album to me -LRB- which is now in my computer , in russian * nods * -RRB- . although their translations are n't anywhere near accurate , it does n't matter , because the extra base and synth lines in the american versions are extra rocking * g *
 T.A.T.U 's debut album `` In the Wrong Lane '' , is a no - holds barred , knock-out , inspiring experience . These girls really let their vocal range rip and let their lyrics set them free ! The Russian Dou are slowly making quite a name for themselves here in the U.S. with their unique pop-rock style . The CD features a sample of the Smith 's Lonely boy-anthem - `` How Soon is Now '' . The first single , `` All the Things she Said '' is playful and empowering - have you seen the video - very cool ! With this CD we uncover the remodeled version of pop ... everyone should check it out !
 Neither the video or the commentary -LRB- track 12 -RRB- works on my computer . This is an `` enhanced cd '' so they are suposed to be playabe on windows media player.Besides that glitch , this album is GREAT ! Tracks 9 and 10 are the same as two other songs on the album , but they are in Russian . I love to listen to those 2 Russian versions eventhough I do n't speak that language .
 If I had to choose only one cd to listen to , it would definitly be t.A.T.u. 's debut album , `` 200 KM/H In The Wrong Lane '' . From only hearing one song you can already tell the album 's a big hit . Each song is different and catchy , with beautiful background music . Some songs are dance -LRB- Not Gon na Get Us -RRB- , others are rock -LRB- How Is Soon ? -RRB- and some are a mix of both genres , along with pop -LRB- Show Me Love -RRB- . Some of the songs even have a little it of Russian in it , and some have whole verses in Russian . Two songs -LRB- All The Things She Said , Not Gon na Get Us -RRB- are included in the cd in this dramatic language . Overall , this is an excellent cd that I would recommend to everyone .
 I never really thought I 'd be interested in russian music , or even bands ! But Tatu is phenomenal . They are the greatest . They 're cd has a mix of both english and russian songs . It helps to understand also . `` All The Things She Said '' is definately one of the best , out of many others . With their new single `` Not Gon na Get Us '' On The Radio , they 're bound to be loved!It 's a great cd . . I definately do n't regret buying it . Actually got me into alot of other russian bands ; Demo , Mummi Troll and Hi-Fi .
 I heard about this album from a friend . Never having heard the catchy first single `` All The Things She Said '' I took a chance and decided to buy this CD . I was so shocked at how good it was ... if I had heard all these songs before buying the CD , I would n't have minded paying $ ... for it ! It 's so good and every single song will gt stuck in your head . Your mind will be a total mess after listening to this album but that 's a good thing !
 I 'll try my best not to be drone . The CD comprised of a series of rock songs and a couple of ballads offers listeners a variety of listening.Aimed more for the younger crowd with songs like `` Not Gon na Get Us '' and `` All The Things She Said '' offering GREAT driving beats , and `` Stars '' having a more mellow tempo the CD has a great listening selection . The CD also offers 2 songs in untranslated Russian , those being `` Nas Ne Dagoniat '' and `` Ya Shlos U Ma Ya . '' If you are into the rock scene this is a great CD choice .
 ANDREW HOLLAMON is stupidperhaps you do n't understand the English language -LRB- it is English , NOT American-English - you know , from England -RRB- but the word -LRB- s -RRB- `` Enhanced '' -LRB- CD -RRB- suggest that the cd has extra features - ie more than an ordinary CD . How could you possibly say that the CD is just two videos ? Have U put it in a CD Player . Oh ... and for everyone else - it is a brilliant CD . I really like their version of How Soon is Now . Took a little getting used to but I like it.ps . How stupid is ANDREW HOLLAMON ?
 200 KM/M in the Wrong Lane is an extraordinary cd . I enjoyed listening to it . The lyrics are realistic and represented my feelings so well , which is why i think i love it so much . Aside from the moving lyrics , the music is great ! There are great beats and the variety of instruments used in the music go great with their voices . This cd is also fun to dance to , if you 're into techno beats . In conclusion , i absolutely love this cd and ca n't wait to hear more from these talented girls !
 The musis brilliant.Enhanced CD.You can listen to the song with CD player.Watch the music video and behind scene video with computer .
 I thought they were gon na be huge the first time i saw them . i love their cd . i cant stop listening . if you do not feel like buying the cd because you think they arnt good at least download their song `` all the things she said '' . you wont regret it !!!!!!
 this is the best c.d. ever . Some people do n't think their good just becuase their lesbians that is so sterotyping.All the songs are good and their the best ever
 Buy this cd this is the best cd ever . The two girls r hot i very happy there together . I cant wait till they tour in the U.S in CT
 I happen to think tatu is a very successful pop duo . and no they arnt shown on covers ov teen mags over and over like Britney or Avril , but isnt it refreshing for a change to have some thing not bubble gum related ? glitter and blond streaks are only substantial fo a short time . maybe they arnt lesbien but in this day and age why should it matter ? it should be about the music not the image and that is what people are forgetting these days.Tatu gives 2 very important messages be yourself and you are not alone.I think people dont give them enough credit and it is a shame . i hope to see some thing from tatu in the future .
 I usually listen to more headbanger type stuff , but I was bored and turned on the radio to the pop music station . It was about 2 days before `` 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane '' came out . I heard `` All The Things She Said '' once . I was hooked and went out and bought the album a few days later . I 'm the kind of person who usually listens to at least two songs from a CD before I buy it , so I was a little nervous that I might be getting an album with one good song , but that was n't the case . The whole CD was excellent . The lyrics are catchy , but not so to be annoying , and I especially can relate to them . I even went out and bought the imported Russian album , which -LRB- even though I do n't understand that much Russian -RRB- was just as , if not more , amazing . If you have n't gotten this CD yet , you should .
 I love this group ! I really dont get up the urgeto want to buy CDs these days cause there isntmuch out there , but I had to go get the new tATuCD cause I loved `` all the things she says '' andthe music video which I found to be powerful . Iwas very pleased with the tATu cd . The smalldrawback is that there is only 11 tracks on thisCD and 3 of them are remix doubles , so you only get8 different songs . Maybe Im just a tad angry causeI want more tATu ; dont we all ? Still I found 7 of8 of the songs to be great and the 3 remixes aregood too ! Its cool to hear them sing in Russian . Ireally hope these girls dont lose their young softvoices as they get older and make new albums . Anyway , if you liked `` all the things she said '' and your thinkingof buying the alblum , then just buy it and you will behappy ! They dont write their own songs , but who doesthese days . It doesnt take away from the emotion , soul andimmortal greatness of these tracks !
 Who cares if they 're marketed as gay or the real thing ?? This is a short , but brilliant album . All The Things is powerful pop , but Show Me Love could give it a run for its money ... a confident pop song which just lifts my spirits ... and how about a wonderfully faithful rendition of that Smiths classic How Soon Is Now ??? Brill . Top track is the gorgeous Stars ... a tender ballad which mises Russian rap and an angelic chorus . Get over the hype ... this is a brill cd
 this group has their future bright and best wishes to the two ladies hope th relationship works out in your favour stay sweet and keep up the grrrrrrrrrrrrrreat workthanking youclaudia
 Back in the early 80 's , Trevor Horn produced an album of songs that were intended to primarily appeal to the masochist sub-genre of the gay community . But the songs contained enough hooks , and the adverse publicity that the videos aroused turned out to be spectacularly more successful than anyone could have hoped . Becasue just when the song was hitting its stride , it was banned on the BBC . Naturally , sales went thru the roof.The band was Frankie Goes To Hollywood , and the banned song was `` Relax '' . Since then , FGTH imploded -LRB- after really only one album -RRB- but the song -LRB- and in the UK the follow-up tracks `` Two Tribes '' and `` The Power Of Love '' -RRB- are still anthems.Twenty years on , Trevor Horn , who has also produced Yes , Band-Aid , and Seal , is at it again . But now , to appeal to the larger , and hence more profitable US audience , he has taken a different path.Now instead of gay men , he is producing an album by gay women . Not real lesbians , of course , but the idealized male-fantasy thereof . Young , gorgeous , and uninhibited . `` Penthouse '' - lesbian , without the closeups . And just to add to the appeal , teenagers just barely in the realm of legality.It 's a brilliant marketing strategy . You can guaranteed there 'll be free news-making protesters , public CD burnings , speechs by fundamentalists , all playing right into the hands of the record company.Because the protesters are n't the ones who buy this type of music anyhow.This album will appeal to three groups
 Hey !!! listen u guys if u kno of this group than u kno that this group is deffinetly different from any other !! i love their new cd!their music is totally awesome !!! and i 'm proud that one of our best groups from Russia made it this far!way to go girls !! The English version is very KoOl but not as KoOL as the russian one ! but still they did a great job on it!very proud ! The songs are very open and i 'm glad that USA is finally considering other music than their own !! its good to hear something else than Britney Spears !! As for them being gay ... well thats just the way they r and i do n't think there is anything i can say that 'll change it ! so u guys WHO STILL HAVENT HEARD ABOUT A GREAT GROUP t.T.A.u please listen to their music and try to understand it !!! its not that hard !!! aNd TrUsT mE yOu AlL wIlL LoVe tHeM !!! P.S vSeM pRiVet !!! SmEsHinKa
 My daughter-n-law reports she was thankful and happy with this present.Thanks ; Lukn
 ok ive had this album now 3 yearsand guess whatit only gets better when they bring out there new oneas all the songs from both albumsare fantastici love the malchik gay oneon the 200kmh in the wrong laneas its awesomebut if tatu keep up the good workwitch they have sofarthey will not get old with usloveing there musicfor all timeto come
 As he did with Propaganda oh-so-many years ago , Trevor Horn proves that Europop synthesisers and an interesting female accent make for a potent pop combination . This time around , the fact that there are < i > two < / i > mysterious eastern european females involved - teenage lesbian lovers , no less ! - merely enhances the mystique . Horn clearly understands the value of good packaging , but happily this is n't a case of all-wrapper-no-sandwich ...
 When I first got the CD , I did n't think it 'd be that great , i changed my mind when i first popped the CD in my CD player ! The whole thing is great !
 I usually dont like this kind of music , but the very first time I heard ` All the Things She Said ' on the radio I wanted to know who sang it . But I didnt find out until I saw the music video . Its not your typical teen cheesy type of music . True , it is somewhat pop-sounding , but its original . The album is wonderful . Their voices are beautiful . You just have to be in the mood to accept something new , or at least give it a chance . Its a great deal for the price , as well . Its a great CD , its enhanced and it doesnt cost much . So you should stop being cheap and buy it ; -RRB-
 I am so impressed that today 's market allows such open music on a controversial topic . These songs , especially `` All The Thing She Said '' are so touching because the lyrics are so real .
 i was hesitant of buyin this album when i heard they were lesbians but All the things she said was so catchy i decided to buy the CD and i didnt regret it .
 Otchin Horosho Ladies ! `` 200 km/h in the wrong lane '' is a bomb ... I did not hear something so incredibly refreshing since a couple of years . I discovered `` all the things she said '' on French TV during my Christmas vacation . The video is deliciously provocative ... This French guy is now listening to the album 24/7 . Thanks Trevor Horn for the impeccable production and bolchoi spaciba Lena and Julia for the beautiful voices that mix together so nicely .
 When I first heard `` All the Things She Said '' , I was a little in shock because it 's not every day that 2 open lesbians hit the teen pop scene . But rest assured , it is great music . I really like the beat and the hard rock and techno combined with their high voices . I think the girls speak well for who they are in their music . They 're very honest about everything and I ca n't help but admire it .
 This is a great cd . Although , it 's a bit weird cuz I heard all the Russian songs first . It 's very fun dance music . They may draw you in with the lesbian appeal , but the music keeps you listening . I 'm glad I discovered them . And if you like this cd , I suggest you buy/download the Russian version -LRB- which I prefer -RRB- , 200 po vstrechnoy -LRB- the same title , just in Russian . -RRB- ; D
 I never thought I would like this CD but I just love it !! I felt sort of guilty hearing it all the time at the top of the volume , but many friends like it too . I think this is a cool , refreshing CD for everyone !
 t.A.T.u. is a very unique duo . Their voices are different from the rest of the music today and that is great . Lena and Julia -LRB- the girls of t.A.T.u. -RRB- are truly talented and are not just studio creations . The first U.S. released single `` All The Things She Said '' is the best song on the album . The rest of the songs including `` Not Gon na Get Us '' and `` Clowns '' shows their unique voices . This is a must for any music collector . Do n't let their image fool you -LRB- although there is nothing wrong with their image -RRB- , these girls are very talented and deservce to have their CD in your collection .
 when I first heard `` all the things she said '' , it immediately grabbed my attention . It is unique , refreshing , energetic . It sounds different from most of pops/hip pop today.So I bought the album , to my surprise , every song of it is great . You can listen to it from start to end without skipping.The vocal of the girls are strong , some times angelic , some times sexy , some times rock & roll. ; The music/mix is refreshing and electrifying . It is a great pop/dance rock album.I highly recommend it to everyone .
 Does the song `` Stars '' , track 8 , end abruptly with a strange tone and static , or is this a defect in my CD ? Its my favorite song on the CD . Somebody let me know please . Thanks .
 The cd 200 km/h in the wrong lane is an exalent cd . My 2 personal favorits is `` all the this she said '' & `` how soon is now '' ! Julia and Lena are very talented young girls that have beautiful voices . Along with their Good looks , these 2 girls have something that attracs lost teens . Their sexuality ! It inspires them to be Proud and Belive in what and who they are !
 This has to be the best CD I have ever heard in my entire life . I would recommend anyone to buy this album . The girls are very beautiful and both have wonderful voices . Since the first time I heard `` Ya Shosla S uma '' -LRB- I have lost my mind -RRB- , I fell in love with TATU ! I do n't think I will ever get tired of listening to them . I ca n't wait for them to come out with thier second album ! I LOVE TATU !
 1 . Not Gon na Get Us - A really good way to start out the album . 10/102 . All The Things She Said - The first single keeps the album going for a while . The chorus will stay in your head for awhile but it will be worth having in your head . 10/103 . Show Me Love - A really beautiful catchy song . 10/104 . 30 Minutes - A cute , romantic song . 10/105 . How Soon Is Now - Also really good ! 10/106 . Clowns -LRB- Can You See Me Now ? -RRB- - Fast and catchy . 10/107 . Malchik Gay - I thought this would be a song about a gay guy named Malchik , but it is a Russian saying that I have yet to decifer as of yet . 10/108 . Stars - Half of the song is in English and the rest of the song is in Russian , if the lyrics would have been translated into English it would have been better . 9/109 . Ya Shosla S Uma - The Russian version of `` All The Things She Said '' sounds much better here ! 10/1010 . Nas Ne Dagoniat - The Russian version of `` Not Gon na Get Us '' as always sounds much better this way ! 10/1011 . Show Me Love -LRB- Extended Version -RRB- - the only low point of the album , does n't really add much , I wish they would have put something better as the last song , but only affects the CD a little . 6.5 / 10As you can see the album pretty much has really good songs on it , and not many bad ones . The overall grade of the album is :106.5 / 110 points which on my scale averages the CD at about an A-Still enough to warrant a 5 star on Amazon.com standards . Anyway , thank you for reading my review . Pick up this great CD now !
 I think that the new T.A.T.U cd is really good and worth buying . The cd is a new twist on dance/pop music . I think that these girls are going to be really big in the U.S. really soon
 The two girls in t.A.T.u. are great . I read a review that said they are like prodigy , but the vocals and original music that these girls rock to is incredible ! They make music come alive and embrace it unlike anyone I 've heard . `` All the things she said '' was an instant catch when I heard it on the radio . I had to find out who it was and where to buy it . I had no idea the beautiful voices were matched by these two georgious girls . Thier music is unmatched even by those who came before them . I recommend t.A.T.u. to everyone who wants to enjoy a great new group !
 This album is one of the most engrossing albums I have ever heard . I have listened to it over and over without concept of time . I feel that the girls have worked really hard and deserve all the sucess that they acheive . I recomend anyone to listen to this album and challenge modern boundaries and openly accept this album and get a much pleasure out of it as I have .
 This is the best CD ive ever listened to . Its fun , emotional , and it caters to many tastes . Listening to it makes you wan na dance , and fills you with happiness . The russian songs are jsut as good or better than the english ones , and the english ones are mind blowing . You must buy this CD , you will be very sorry if you dont .
 I usually do n't listen to this type of music . I am the type that listens to Korn and Rammstein , more the wild type of rock . I saw this group on Mad TV , and wow ! Great music , great girls , all around great stuff . I especially like the song `` All the things she said '' in Russian -LRB- YA SHOSLA S UMA -RRB- , it is very erotic to hear them sing in their natural tongue . These girls are very talented and I hope they will go very far so I can continue to get their CD 's in the future .
 Compared with today 's debut `` hot pop stars '' they compete well ; perhaps because they 're Russian they miss out the attention.I usually do not buy pop CD 's because of the similarities and dullness of them but for this I have no regret .
 this is a very good album
 When I first saw the group on tv with their hit `` All the things she said '' I knew I had to get their CD . The song was already stuck in my head . Unusually , they zoomed up to my top three artists in a flash . Expecting only a few good songs , listening to them my ears filled with pleasure . There are soft songs like `` 30 minutes '' to high powered songs like `` How soon is now '' orginally sung by The Smiths . Usually I hate remakes of songs and but one became one of my favorites in the CD . Some of the songs have a little bit of Russian in them like `` Stars '' where Julia -LRB- on the of singers in the duo -RRB- raps . And in `` Show me Love '' the phone call is in Russian as well . The sound is a little bit of techno and pop with a little hip hop in between . The slight accents are addicting and beautiful .
 With a techno-pop sound , these controversial Russian hotties rock the U.S. With such songs as their US debut , `` All the Things She Said '' and a modern -LRB- and much better -RRB- version of the 1980 's New Wave hit , `` How Soon is Now ? '' on their English Language debut -LRB- with some songs still in Russian -RRB- . No collection is complete without this title ! A must have for any pop/rock lover !
 Firstly I would like to say that the CD was catchy and fairly well written . I 'm not terribly sure who is responsible for the lyrics/music though it has a nice Europop feel to it . I caught someone saying that the lyrics were deep and meaningful , do n't be misguided by that , there 's nothing deep about the songs . Meaningful perhaps , but I just listened to two and a half minutes of the line ` They 're not gon na get us ... ' and while it is true that ` they ' are n't going to get them , whoever they are there 's nothing deep about it .
 i heard 1 song ... bought the cd ... made me look AT THINGS IN A DIFF WAY ... AND TOLD MY FRIENDS TO BUY IT ... THEY DID ... IF I WERE TO GIVE T.A.T.U ALL THE AWARDS IN THE WORLD ... THEY WOULD GET IT ... -LRB- THEME -RRB- SO ALL I KNOW IS THAT THEY WORKED HARD TO MAKE THE CD AND WALK AROUND THE STREETS WITH PEOPLE KNOWING THEY ARE LESBIANS ... THEY ARE STRONG AND KEEP FIGHTING 4 THERE DREAMS ... HOPEFULLY THEY GET AT LEAST 1 AWARD TO SHOW HOW FREAKEN HARD THEY WORKED TO MAKE THE CD ... ... SO LET ME SAY 1 THING NO MATTER WHO OR WHAT YOUR WITH DOESENT MEAN YOU ARE DIFFERENT ... FROM THE 1 AND ONLY LESLIE ROJAS 3105027334 11911 OCEAN PARK BLV W.L.A 90064 CA ...
 t.A.T.u has taken the world by storm , and it is n't hard to see why . With their deep , meaningful lyrics and angelic voices , Lena Katina and Julia Volkova speak to youth all around the globe . Their music combines strong dance beats with haunting melodies not usually found in Western techno and dance music . Their voices compliment one another , making them the perfect singing duet . This cd is definitely one worth listening to . I guarantee that it will put a smile on your face .
 It was great to finally get this album here in Australia . I have the Russian version so couldnt wait to listen to this . Overall , its a great package , a bit of everything for everyone . The selection fo songs is great , nothing repetitive . The enhanced section is a good bonus , especially the Part 2 Video with the interview . All the things she said was a good choice for Single No. 1 and Not Gon na Get Us is a superb follow up . Single No. 2 comes out here this week so it will great to see if a video clip is attached to the single . One of the best new acts , if not the best of 2003 so far , a fine package and a supprise that it came out of Russia ! Hopefully the followup album will be just as good , if not better !
 I love t.A.T.u ! Their music is brilliant and I see no reason to dislike them just because of their relationship . I mean , what 's wrong with being lesbians anyway?Not Gon na Get Us - Moving , high pitched . Love the idea of running away . Good first track.All the things she said - Best , and probably most popular track . Very upbeat.Stars - Far more quiet than the others , ca n't get the lyrics out of my head . ` How did we ever get this far , you touch my hand and start the car ... ` Very very good !
 I first heard of T.A.T.U on MTV 's ` You Hear It First ' segment . Ever since then I have been hooked on T.A.T.U. ! When they finally released ' 200 KM/H ... ' I expected alot and I was n't let down ! The album is pure gold and has alot of great songs . Here they are :1 . Not Gon na Get Us - Woa ! Great dance song and Vocals ! -LRB- 9.5 / 10 -RRB- 2 . All The Things She Said - First single and probably the best Pop song in Years ! -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 3 . Show Me Love - At first I did n't like this song but it grew on me ! -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- 4.30 Minutes - A decent song but probably the worst on the album . -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- 5 . How Soon Is Now ? - One of the best , the harmonies are great . -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 6 . Clowns - Pure dance hit ! A great song ! -LRB- 9.5 / 10 -RRB- 7 . Malchik Gay - My favorite song on the album . Grea melodies and great lyrics . -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 8 . Stars - Woa ! I have never heard a song like this . English melodies with Russian rap . Pure Genius ! -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 9 . Ya Shosla S Uma - Russian Version of `` All The Things She Said '' . I like the Russinan version better myself . -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- 10 . Nas Ne Dagoniat - Russian Version of `` Not Gon na Get Us '' Sounds just as good as the English Version ! -LRB- 9.5 / 10 -RRB- Overall = 9.5 Great Album ... A Must Have !
 I love t.A.T.u. I 'm a lesbian myself and to hear about two girls that are in love singing I hoped it would be good and it was . I give this album five stars because it has great music and the lyrics are awesome .
 I bought this cd for `` All the things she said '' and boy , was I glad I did . This cd is awesome !! I honestly can say that this is the only cd that I bought this year that I do not regret buying . The music is not like the stuff you get spoon fed every day , it is so refreshing ! You will love this one .
 I like a variety of music from alternative to some metal to some hip-hop to classical . During recent years , it has been very rare to find a CD where I actually enjoy more than 2 or 3 tracks . I 'm afraid to buy any CD for that reason . With this CD , I actually enjoy most of the CD . I often mess up on what genre some music officially belongs to , but I consider most of the tracks to be dance music . ... very danceable . `` Stars '' and `` 30 Minutes '' are more mellow but still enjoyable.I first heard `` All The Things She Said '' during the season/series finale of Bird of Prey and was instantly hooked . I originally bought the CD for track 2 . I was really surprised when I found myself just letting the CD play instead of repeating that one song -LRB- or the Russian version of it -RRB- over and over.I do have mixed feelings about their cover of `` How Soon Is Now . '' I 'm used to the original version so this version took a little getting used to . If you 're not too picky about how close a cover song is to the original version , you might enjoy it.The CD includes two QuickTime files - one of which is the music video for `` All The Things She Said . ''
 ' 200 KM/H In The Wrong Lane ` the debut English language album from Russian Techno-pop Duet t.A.T.u. -LRB- Comprised of Julia Volkova And Lena Katina -RRB- has to be , by far , the best album of this yearit 's comprised mostly of hard guitar influenced dance tracks that will leave you begging for more , it leads into its slower moments with ballads -LRB- `` 30 Minutes '' , `` Stars '' , and the oh-so-creepy `` Clowns '' -RRB- that will pull at your heart strings more than any pop ballad you 've ever heard , after those are the Russian versions of `` All the things she said '' -LRB- Ya Soshla S Uma -RRB- and `` Not Gon na Get Us '' -LRB- Nas Ne Dogoniat -RRB- . . even if you dont speak the language -LRB- i personally dont -RRB- you cant help but realise the strength of there voices and the harsh-ness of the original languageBeautiful voices ... Great Beats ... intelligent songwriting ... its like nothing you 've ever hear beforetheres old pop ... and then theres t.A.T.u.
 i enjoy watching wrestling on television and heard this song as an entrance song . since then i 've been ensnared in it . I like to listen to hard rock , alternative , and heavy metal , but this cd is the best thing i 've heard yet . it 's catchy , yet calming in a eerie way . the song `` all the things she says '' is my favorite , but all the songs are a pleasure to listen to .
 I 'll have to say that this is a difficult album to review for a few reasons ; one of them being that they do not right their own songs , and , when one looks into it further , are rather heavily controlled by their management/company ... but nevertheless ... this is fine , high quality music with a message that , whether they are fully lesbian or not , transmits the actual message that they do love each other . Critics aside ! : - -RRB- The album starts off with the beautiful pounding electronica of `` Not Gon na Get Us '' , one of the hit songs from the album , and a great one at that , with descriptive , meaningful lyrics . `` All The Things She Said '' , is a beautiful rockish tribute to the constraints of society upon certain kinds of relationships . `` Show Me Love '' is another single from the album and when you hear it , and read the lyrics -LRB- which is another good this about this album that the songs have meaningful lyrics -RRB- , you 'll be amazed ! `` 30 Minutes '' is a thoughtful interlude-ish ballad , and fits perfectly and contemplatively into the framework of the short album ... it has been a single in some countries . `` How Soon Is Now ? '' is a genius cover of an 80s song ... it 's very dreamlike . . `` Clouns -LRB- Can You See Me Now ? -RRB- is a very techno track filled with desperation ... -LRB- the russian version is better , though -RRB- , as with the next track `` Malchik Gay '' , which is on the interesting subject of a girl wishing a boy were n't gay so he 'd fall in love with her : > ... The last real song `` Stars '' is a great way to close the main album ... filled with ambience ... exoticness ... and yes , russian raps ! : - -RRB- I think the songs are great when translated from the russian , tho alot of the russian versions are better ... Many of the songs on this album can be like an anthem for anyone . Reccomended !
 I listen to them every time driving to work and back home , months after purchasing the album . The new single `` Ne Ver , Ne Boisa -LRB- Eurovision 2003 -RRB- '' is awesome , too.These energetic beats tell feelings that teens feel
 So what if they do not write their own lyrics . There are a lot of artists who do n't . Besides I would rather have someone who knows how to write lyrics then some artist trying to write lyrics . The beats of these songs are great . And just because some of their songs did n't make it big in America on the radio does n't mean anything . It is Euro Pop . Not American Pop . I would n't expect Euro Pop to make it very big in America . All the songs on this album are very good . I give it five stars .
 ... Taty started out as an independent project , actually a folk project . The girls were selected from a casting four years ago , by their producer Ivan , a psychologist etc. who had nothing to do with Russian showbusiness ! -LRB- not some large multinational record company -RRB- . They worked for a while until they changed direction towards a pop project with lesbian tendencies.They had two huge hits THEN they signed to a record company , but Ivan 's own company Neformat -LRB- means something like against format -RRB- is in control of everything . Now if they were so commercial and desperate for attention , how come Taty is managed in a disasterous way from a commercial point of view ? Lots of cancelled promotion ; no official merchandise ; it 's hard to get interviews with the girls ; the girls do n't suck up to the media etc. . Now why not have a look and read their interviews . . do these girls give you the slightest impression of being manipulated ? Smart , mischiveous , excentric and very funny girls . Both girls have an 8-year classical education , and they are talented musicians . With regards to the lesbian question and their private lives in general , the girls have always been * deliberately * ambigious and vague . They are not fake lesbians - their so called lesbian image was n't even a big issue until Western media put the label lesbian on them , and later fake-lesbian -LRB- if you do n't believe me , take a look at the Russian album booklet or their video for 30 Minutes -RRB- . This group is more their producer 's than their own group . Since Ivan Shapovalov is an extrememely interesting and intelligent individual who loves to act against format and norms , I 'm sure we can expect great things in the future too . All in all , it 's hard to imagine a group that breaks so many rules of showbiz . How many of these pathetic indie bands nowadays who claim to be so independent are as uncompromising as Taty , and would dare to stand up for themselves half as much?As for me , I 'm not fond of commercial music and pop music in general . I prefer industrial , black/death metal , alternative , goth etc. - yet I see something different in Taty . They have something like a punk spirit ; not that I 'm sure many of you are able to get that . Your loss . Their album is a gem , but I much prefer the Russian version . If you want to listen to it , the whole album + a bunch of remixes can be found on their OFFICIAL Russian web site in 128kbps quality -LRB- not that many groups offer this eh ? -RRB- . The Russian lyrics also have a lot more depth to them than their English equivalents . It 's a great thing that they kept the Russian rap in `` Stars '' . This song is n't your average pop lyrics , and it deals with love , suicide and drugs.Tatu has created themselves a universe , and it addresses , to quote NME
 I 'm the person who buys the entire CD and has to listen to the WHOLE thing about 500 times before I actually like every song on it . But this one , I popped it in , and LOVED EVERY SONG RIGHT OFF THE BAT ! Even though the only song I had heard till before I bought it was `` All The Things She Said '' . I was very skeptical to buy the whole CD , but they did n't have a single so I bought the whole thing . You should totally check it out ! If you like `` All The Things She Said '' then you 'll love the whole CD . Tons of heart and soul with an AWESOME beat EVERY Time . . PROMISE
 At first listen t.A.T.u. seem to just be another Europop group trying to make their break in the U.S. Upon closer inspection these girls are the real deal . Their songs fight for equality , but also sing of the troubles of being gay in this world . `` All The Things She Said '' sings about being afraid to be in love with someone of the same sex on one hand and being frustrated with that fear on the other hand . The song has a Bananarama feel to it that makes it all the more catchy . The cover of the Smith 's song `` How Soon is Now '' actually turned out very well , blending guitar sounds with Europop . Great beats and fantastic lyrics blended with the girls soft but powerful voices make this a fantastic album .
 . . as stated by the tatu group . Upon first hearing the `` All the things she said '' song on MTV , I was shocked . The video was just so out there and in your face , it was two girls kissing in the rain and nobody could deny it . I remember a couple of my friends reactions , `` well is the one with dark hair a boy or what , i dont get it ? '' It was totally amazing to me that two girls had dared to break through the barrier that exists in life as demonstrated by the fence in the video . I was insatntly gripped and wanted to know more . Its not often I feel compelled to do so but instantly I searched everywhere ... Upon finding the album , there were no disapointments whatsoever . Although about half of the album is simply remixes or russian versians of the songs , the album is absolute perfection . `` Show me love '' is a love song with a twist , it questions love and sex and hints at a part of us that craves physical love . The lyrics in the verses are haunting and upon first hearing did send shivers up my spine and the music itself is slow then fast then slow , its amazing.other superb songs include `` not gon na get us '' the dancey song of determination at its highest ; `` malchik gay '' an upbeat song with an undercurrent of homsexuality ; and `` 30 minutes '' with its eerie background noises that do almost make me adicted to the song . . Overall every one of the songs is brilliant , for me only with exception to the 30 minutes remix which i couldnt really get into at all . The russian songs are spectactular , especially stars which is half russian half english.This is music at its finest , different , haunting , compelling and with two girls who hopefully could become well known figures , whether or not they are lesbians is beside the point , the fact is they challenge the stigma attached to homosexuality and for that I would say they deserve sucess .
 This is a great album ! All of the songs fit well together , and I can honestly say that there was n't a single song I did n't enjoy . This CD ranges from techno -LRB- Not Gon na Get Us -RRB- to pop -LRB- All the Things she Said -RRB- to beautiful sadness -LRB- 30 minutes -RRB- to mixtures of many elements . It is rare that a foreign artist -LRB- especially Russian ! -RRB- makes a statement in the American music world , but t.A.T.u. , you got it !
 Despite all of the attention that 's given to their controversial relationship , the girls of TATU put out a great pop album that can stand alone without the gimmick . Like everyone , I heard their first single `` All the things she said '' , and bought the album on the strength of that single alone . To my pleasant surprise , the rest of the album was as good as , if not better , than the first hit . It starts off great with `` Not gon na get us '' , a song about just getting away from things that everyone can relate to at some point . `` Show Me Love '' has a very catchy beat , as do the tracks `` Clowns '' , `` Stars '' , `` How Soon is Now '' and `` 30 minutes '' . All told , it 's just a great pop album that does n't grow stale with repeated listens . The only song that really does n't do it for me is `` Malchik Gay '' . It has a decent enough beat , and lyrics that you wo n't be able to get out of your head for days , but for whatever reason it just never struck me like the rest of the disc . My only other minor complaint is that the album runs a tad short , with the last three tracks being two russian versions of `` Not gon na get us '' and `` All the things she said '' , and a bonus version of `` Show me love '' . The songs in russian are cool to listen to , but a few more songs would have really hit the spot.My response to those who claim that TATU are just a clever marketing strategy is this
 T.A.T.U. 's cd 200 Km/H in the Wrong Lane is destined to be a hit in america . Their best known track , `` All the Thing She Said , '' is already played on some of the hottest radio stations in the country . All of their songs have such a real quality to them . Teens of all sexual orientation can relate to the lyrics in their music and know what it 's like to feel misunderstood . Tatu speaks to thier audience and the audience is speaking back with loud cries of praise and adoration . The songs on the album that are stil in their origional Russian form are filled with such feeling in the way their sung . Because it is their native language , all of the emotion behind the words can be heard in the voices of T.A.T.U. . This is a must have for anyone who 's ever been in love .
 I happen to think tatu is a very successful pop duo . and no they arnt shown on covers ov teen mags over and over like Britney or Avril , but isnt it refreshing for a change to have some thing not bubble gum related ? glitter and blond streaks are only substantial fo a short time . maybe they arnt lesbien but in this day and age why should it matter ? it should be about the music not the image and that is what people are forgetting these days.Tatu gives 2 very important messages be yourself and you are not alone.I think people dont give them enough credit and it is a shame . i hope to see some thing from tatu in the future .
 Of course , the cd is great they are lesbains , everyone likes lesbians .
 wow wow wow wow ! i love this CD , this CD is exellent people buy this CD now !!
 This band is really something wonderful.One thing I just wanted to add , the song Malchik Gay ... the english translation is Gay boy , so , yeah ... if you have something against gays , this band is not for you considering they are gay .
 Tatu are the most money making act since ... ever.Thier producer , Ivan Shapovalov , scored platinum with pretty girls , catchy tunes , awesome lyrics , and a unbeatable gimmick.Although the chorus usually repeats one line over and over , it 's not annoying . The lyrics themselves are somewhat edgy , dark . You get the impression that the girls are confused .18 year old Lena Katina and Yulia Volkova have a stage presense , a voice , and a mission.MMUSIC - CATCHY pop/dance/rock . The tune gets stuck in your head really easily ... LYRICS - TEENAGE ANGST . Lyrics have a million different meanings , and are written with feelings.OVERALL EFFECT - pure genius.Buy this CD if you want to learn how to make money in the music business . Buy this CD if you like pretty female vocals over interesting samples . Buy this CD if you like their school girl uniforms and lesbian gimmick . BUY IT FOR THE MUSIC .
 I think that Tatu has some really good ideas here . I love their heavy pop style , and i love their haunting vocals . The Girls lyrics are very repetitive , but if you 're like me , and do n't care , then i think that you will like this album . I love the instrumental parts in such songs as `` Not Gon na Get Us '' , `` All the Things She Said '' and `` Clowns '' . Their remake of the Smith song `` How Soon Is Now '' is very impressive.I think sometimes that it is tiring to hear about their problemos , but overall , this cd is very enjoyable , though somewhat addictive . There were only two songs i did n't like on this albumn . `` Thirty Minutes '' just did n't strike me . They have a great combination in their heavy sound with their light voices , and i think that it does n't do them any favors by going into ballad mode . I also did n't like `` Malchick Gay '' . I do n't care if a song is repetitive , but this song just disgusted me.I liked this album , and i would reccomend buying it . Its great music to drive to . Try Clowns while going down the expressway .
 I loved this cd , it explained how i feel and using track number 7 titled `` malchik gay '' i let my friend know how and how much i loved her . So I suggest buying this cd and checking out their website ...
 This CD is quite nice ... IF you happen to be in to &uuml;ber - cute sugar techno pop . It 's sugary Japanese-style pop music 's Russian technoified cousin , and as such , it 's surprisingly good . Forget the lesbian hype . Ignore the girls kissing onstage . What 's left ? Surprisingly good music . That is , if you 're in to that sort of thing.The standout tracks on this CD are definitely `` Not Gon na Get Us '' and `` All The Things She Said , '' although I find their Russian counterparts -LRB- `` Nas Ne Dagoniat '' and `` Ya Sholsla S Uma '' respectively -RRB- to be much better . These four tracks together are almost worth the CD . I actually really liked the much-maligned `` Malchik Gay '' but then again , to each her own . `` Show Me Love '' is pretty good , but not good enough to justify having a regular and an extended version . The slower songs are n't quite as much my cup of tea , but oh well.Yes , I 'm a girl . Yes , I 'm straight . Yes , I like t.A.T.u. Anybody got a problem there ?
 Now , I 'm not a t.A.T.u. or Tatu basher like many of the 450-or-so reviewers who have shared their opinion about the group , in fact , I gave the CD 4 stars which it deserves . This album is pure techno-pop , I wo n't even be afraid to call it Euro-cheese , yet I found it so refreshing to hear . There are so many pre-manufactured bands or singers in America who start out with this sweet-girl-next-door image and then try to prove that they 're edgier by taking off their clothes . Tatu consists of two cute Russian girls who are the complete opposite of American acts . They explode onto the music scene with a CD which they have n't produced or written and a lesbian-gimmick , which really worked , although the girls claim they are bisexual these days . Many have complained about these facts but I still prefer it to some Orange County native singing about a boy leaving her or a boy she wants to have over and over in 13 songs . The album is short , but all the songs are very good and most of them are highly danceable.Here 's the tracklist :1 - Not Gon na Get Us
 When I usually buy CDs , there are only a few songs that i like enough to listen to and it feels like ive wasted money . . All the songs on this t.a.t.u. cd are great and worth listening to over and over again . They are my favorite music group and their talent is evident on this entire album . This is a great cd for teens as well as anyone into the rock/pop scene . If you like groups who push the envelope , t.a.t.u. is the group for you !!
 I first heard `` All the Things She Said '' on the radio . -LRB- i must admit i thought it was ` All the Things YOU said ' -RRB- Before I had any clue who sang it and that they were bisexual . -LRB- yes bisexual NOT LESBIAN -RRB- It was a very adrenaline-rushed song with a lot of meaning to it , even if they did n't create the songs but who does these days ? Another song I like is `` Show Me Love '' . But I will confess that `` Not Gon na Get Us '' is annoyingly catchy . I recommend this CD because it is perfect to listen in the car because you get pumped up , whether your straight , bisexual or homosexual .
 I Would Like To Reccommend This Cd To Anyone Who Likes Pop . It Is A Great Cd That Has Lots Of Great Songs . My Favorite Is `` Not Gon na Get Us '' . The Album Gets Me Real Hyped Up When I Hear It . It Is Worth The Money .
 I was turned on to T.A.T.U. because a friend of mine bought me their single . I got the CD ASAP and LOVE it !!! They express real feelings and do it in a fun way . There 's also a Morrisey cover on there that rocks . There 's also a few songs in Russian and a russian rap break in the middle of a song . `` All the things she said '' is on there in Russian and English AND you can see the video and watch movies of Julia -LRB- Oh Baby -RRB- and Lena when you place the CD in your computer . It 's a very cool thing ! I hope evryone else gives these girls a chance and loves them as much as I do !!
 I loved this CD ! Everything about it was great . The songs were catchy and they were really good . Both of these girls are very talented ! I hope to see more of them in the future !
 T.A.T.U is a great band they have the musical talent and sex apeal to go very far . In there first amarican video they are kissing most of the video , and walking around in wet t-shirts . sexy yes , for me -LRB- a guy -RRB- just looking at them makes me want to go buy their record , but hay it worked I 've got it and love it !!! anyway to get to the point this record is AWSOME !!! plus you get two HOT girls on the cover . Could it get any better ???
 Tatu is a controversial band thats slowly finding its way to the United States . Their first english CD is amazing . Although , i feel that their songs are more meant to be in Russian . Either way , both the Russian and the English sound great . It blows my mind how i 'm enjoying the Russian tunes but surprisingly I am . Great Music can not be denied
 I purchased this CD expecting the usual one or two hit wonder , -LRB- All the things she said is a very good and strong song ! -RRB- but was happily surprised to find that the majority of the album is great , I do not know if it is the trance/pop arrangements on the dance songs such as Not gon na get us , Malchik gay or the armonious combination of the girl 's voices on the slow ones
 When I first heard of T.A.T.U , I was not sure if they would be as big a hit in the United States as in their homeland of Russia . However , after hearing their first English album , I have no doubts that they are surely on their way to winning the hearts of many of American listeners . Their songs are quite different from many American groups , and is a much needed refreshment from the same sounds heard on the radio . Their music ranges from pop to slow , heartfelt love songs . They even have a superior cover of How Soon Is Now ? by 80 's group The Smiths . After thorough review of this album , I mast say that I would recommend it to anyone , because it has something for everyone .
 WOW ! Thats what i got ta say . These two girls are not only controversial but extremly talented . There electro/techno beats will be sure to beat the crud outta britany in the US . There alreayd being played on the radio like crazy in nyc ... . the only problem is they might be a little to contreversial for the us ... . in the 30 min video one of the girls has a bomb in her back pack in school . and put it in the bathroom window ... . but i have n't seen the res tof it maybe she stops it ... . EHH WHO KNOWS ! but i got ta say there music is great !!
 This album is great.The two girls have great voices.They sing songs of love and life.My favorite tracks enclude , Malchik Gay , 30 Minutes , How Soon is Now , Not Gon na Get Us , and All the Things She Said.All the songs are in English except track numbers 9 and 10 , they are the Russian versions of Not Gon na Get Us and All the Things She Said.Even thought it has a Russian title , Malchik Gay , is in English except when they say the title.The only thing I was n't happy with was that there are only 11 tracks , and that 's if you count the Russian tracks and the extended version of Show Me Love.One last thing that I disliked was that the enchanced section did n't work on my 7 month old computer but , oh well.Overall , this album is awesome.I do n't have anything like this in my collection and I 'm glad I added it .
 Julia and Lena of the group t.a.t.u. put out a great album ! They have gotten tons of recognition , and have a totally new fan base . They are all over the place , litterally . The album has a nice mix of balads as well as funk and dance . I think that just about anyone can listen to this album and be completely satisfied.Not to mention the fact that there is Russian on it too . Emagine how many people out there , actually know russian ? And how many of T.a.t.u 's fans are out there learning the words to they 're russian songs ? Tons , which says something . The album is great from the first song to the last . Knowing they put so much work into such a great album is inspiring . They broke boundaries with this one ... Thats for sure !!!!!
 This is an excellent project in every way ! Well casted , well engineered and well produced ! And what is the deal with the ` is this a real deal ? ' commentary ? It is openly stated that the girls are hired acctors and nothing more , a prefectly common thing in todays pop-music ... the only difference is that European producers openly admit to it and the US ` entertainment industry ' still insist on claiming that Britney Spears , Blink 182 or even NASCAR is real and genuine ...
 I LOVE THIS CD !! I will now rate them according to my thoghts . -LRB- you may dissagre -RRB- . DISC ONE1 . NOT GON NA GET US 10/10 .2 . ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID 10/103 . SHOW ME LOVE 8/104 . 30 MINUTES 6/105 . HOW SOON IS NOW 9/106 . CLOWNS 7/107 . MALCHIK GAY 10/108 . STARS 8/109 . YA SHOSLA S UMA 10/1O10 . NAS NE DAGONIAT 10/1011 . SHOW ME LOVE REMIX 8/1012 .30 MINUTES REMIX 6/1013 . NE VER NE BOISIA 10/10DISC 2 -LRB- DVD -RRB- 1 . ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID -LRB- VIDEO -RRB- 10/102 . NOT GON NA GET US -LRB- VIDEO -RRB- 9/103 . HOW SOON IS NOW -LRB- VIDEO -RRB- 9/104 . BEHIND THE SCENES WITH JULIA AND LENA PRT1 ,2 , AND 3 -LRB- DOCUMENTARY -RRB- 10/10INCONCLUSION THE CD IS GREAT!note
 their music styles are one of the best that i 've heard.the beat is good , the lyrics . . er . . surei do n't know if they 're lesbians or not . . but i really do n't care about that . I 'm okay with whatever they areif you wan na try something a bit different with a good dance beat to it . . check this out ! if you do n't like some of the lyrics . . then . . ignore the lyrics
 Okay , reviewing this album was a bit hard for me . Mainly because I am simply a devoted fan of tATu yet , I do n't want to just include the positive aspects of the album for it would be unfair to the readers who want a balanced review of postive and negative aspects . No , this review is n't about the gimmicks it 's about the music itself . So , let 's just forget about the gimmick today shall we?With everything there is always a good and bad , and tATu 's album is no exception . Technically speaking , tATu 's debut album is your run of the mill teenage pop album . Of course what makes them different from the likes of Christina Aguilera , Britney Spears , Mandy Moore and the likes is that they have a distinct European flavor to them . Whether that should be a repellent or attraction , is certainly up to you.The negative aspects often get overshadowed by those who enjoy the album very much . However , let 's be realistic here . The lyrics are repetitive , music is synthesized , the vocals are high and almost close screaming , yet what makes this so special ? That leads us to the positive aspects.tATu 's debut album is full of energy and of course , it 's wonderful to hear something different in America . While many of the radio stations are overwhelmed with R&B tracks or pop R&B or punk , metal , rock and the likes , tATu provides us with some European pop . With the overplayed track ` All The Things She Said ' being the lead single to the soft and ` Russian-sounding ' piano track '30 minutes ' to the techno inspired ` Not Gon na Get Us . ' This album basically covers several genres while blending them into one genre that we could call ` Techno / Electronica Pop . ` Overall , if you 're looking for a wonderful composed masterpiece , look somewhere else . However , if you enjoy pop albums and do n't really care about the gimmick , then I say this album is for you . First listen to the sound clips , if you like them , chances are you 'll enjoy the rest of the album . After all it 's only 11 tracks.The Cd comes enhanced with a interview with tATu and music video for ` All The Things She Said . ' A nice bonus , but perhaps the album is a little meager in tracks .
 I am a HUGE fan of t.A.T.u and this is my favourite CD . I get all the t.A.T.u things I can find ! I bought this album after hearing ` All the Things She Said ' and ` Not Gon na Get Us ' . My version is a little different to this so I am reviewing my version . My favourite song on the album is ` Not Gon na Get Us ' , me and my best friend formed a band called t.A.T.u wannabes and this is our favourite song to perform . Everyone has heard radio favourite ` All the Things She Said ' , the girls first single and this is fast paced , sounding rather like ` Not Gon na Get Us ' . ` Show Me Love ' is a great song , makes me wan na dance ! '30 Minutes ' makes me feel rather depressed , as does ` Stars ' , but I love them all the same . ` How Soon Is Now ? ' is a cover from a group called the Smiths , and has cool lyrics . ` Clowns ' is one of the album 's highlights , and is very catchy pop . Also included are ` Ya Shola S Uma ' , the Russian version of ` All the Things She Said ' and ` Nas Ne Degoniat ' the Russian version of ` Not Gon na Get Us ' . ` Malchik Gay ' makes me feel happy whenever I hear it , it has that effect ^_^ There are remixes of '30 Minutes ' and ` Malchik Gay ' , as well as an extended ` Show Me Love ' . There are two great multimedia programs which play when you put the disc in your computer . They are the ` All the Things She Said ' music video , and ` Behind the Scenes with Yulia & Lena ' . Hope you enjoy the CD as much as I do !
 This is by far the BEST group out right now . They show they have HUGE talent by not speaking a word of english but learning it to sing for the American fans . They are also very beautiful girls and they are very headstrong in what they are doing . I give them 5 stars because everyone of their songs is very catchy and is very awesome ! Go TaTu ... Yulia and Lena Rock
 I have seen this band on `` MTV '' a couple of times with there music vidio `` All The Things She Said '' and loved it , then I heard it over at my friends house and desided I would reseach to find out basic band info . -LRB- yeah , I 'm a geek I do stuff like that -RRB- and found out that they had a couple of CD 's out . the next day I bought it and was greatful I did because there other music is great too . I normaly stick to American and Japanese music so getting Russian music was a little differant , but this is one of my favorite bands now .
 I love this music and the fact that they are hot russian lesbian teens makes me like them even better ! Of course `` singing russian teen lesbians '' sounds like so much spam I get these days.Anyhoo - the album is great - the Russsian language versions are very interesting . The ladies voices are high pitched but catchy - combined with pop hooks that will reel you in for sure . The backgrounds are layered , harmonic and complex - not your typical club drek.Many of the songs are addictive and will ring in your head for days after listening - particularly `` All the things she said '' running through your head , running through your head - like a hypnotic suggestion .
 this is a great english debut and the included russian songs are even more fantastic . definitely check out , i predict they 'll be huge within a few months !
 Talk about amazing . These girls are definetely worth listening to . A couple months ago my friend talked me into downloading one of their songs . I caved in and did so . I listened to just a little clip of them , and I was immediately hooked . These girls have amazing voices , and you can definetely tell their heart and souls are in their music . I also think it 's awesome that they are open about their sexuality . These girls are n't ashamed , and I believe that 's awesome ! These girls have awesome tracks like `` All the things she said '' a nice cover of `` How soon is now '' , and one of my favs `` Malchik Gay '' . If you feel like putting yourself in a good mood , and feel like dancing , then I definetely recommend this CD ! Get them now , it 's well worth it !
 I heard 10 seconds of `` All the Things She Said '' on the radio , and immediately went to buy the CD . I did n't regret it -- this is the best CD I 've ever bought , and I have n't been able to stop listening to it . The music is a mixture of pop and electronic rhythms , but there is such a depth to the lyrics that TATU is set far apart from bands such as * N Sync and Britney Spears . The message of freedom and self-acceptance affected me very much , and there are even two songs in Russian , which are really fun to listen to . TATU is officially my favorite band , and I strongly recommend buying the album , as you will be hearing a lot more about Lena and Julia in the near future .
 Love the music . Every song is quality . Catchy melodies , uplifting beats , and sweet vocals . The Russian lyrics sound beautiful even if they are probably talking about lesbian love or something . . j/k These Russian chicks rule .
 This album is great . I am impressed that they manage to sing in English with the level of emotion that they do . -LRB- I am sure that if I tried to sing in another language , I would be laughed at . -RRB- I like the Russian versions a little better since they are a little edgier , and not as cleaned up -LRB- the lyrics have changed , especially on Malchick-gay -RRB- . And `` Robot '' on the Russian version is by far one of THE best dance songs out there . That said , the English version is FABULOUS ! The production , thanks to Trevor Horn -LRB- who 's worked with other dance-pop acts such as Pet Shop Boys -RRB- , resonates very well . -LRB- The cover of the Smith 's `` How Soon is Now ? '' is quite good , though I imagine that many of the target demographic will be going `` Hey ! It 's that song from ` Charmed ' ! '' . Pity . -RRB- I love T.a.T.u. / Taty/Tatu and I hope we get a few more albums out of them . Buy this album immediately . -LRB- Besides , the Russians really do need all the help they can get ! -RRB-
 I bought the single because it was 99 cents and I was curious as to what these girls sound like . I played the CD a few hours later -LRB- because I forgot I bought it ! -RRB- My cousin was here and once we began playing the CD we burst into laughter . It was most crazy thing I 've heard . It sounded like monkey 's on fire screaming for help . But the chours was so darned catchy that it was stuck in our heads for at least two more days.So I so t.A.T.u 's CD in the store and it was cheap so I thought , why not . I bought it . The first time I played the CD it pretty much sounded like monkey 's on fire . I played it more and read the lyrics and I guess it began to grow on me . I 'll say I did n't realize every song was about lesbians when I bought it , but love is love . I guess . This CD kind of darker feel to it that I usually like , but yeah it 's good.So i closing this CD is pretty good . Very catchy , it gets stuck in your head . The best songs are How Soon Is Now ? and Malchik Gay.Finally everyone should buy the new S Club CD because they are pretty cool yes they are . = 0 -RRB-
 Lena Katina and Julia Volkova are AMAZING in this new addition to the English version CD ... their Russian version of this album `` Dvesti Po Vstrechiy '' is equally amazing . If you like dance music such as Madison Ave , etc. ... you , will LOVE this group . T.A.T.U. 's music is hard hitting and brings up some really incredible issues in the way we are and the way we live ... plus , it 's GREAT to dance to ... = -RRB- There are SO many different dance music groups that come and go and leave songs without making any statements ... -LRB- remember New Kids on the Block ?????? -RRB- =p T.A.T.U. is definitly NOT one of these . These two girls not only have incredible voices , but they also carry a strong message in their music ! ... Go out and GET THIS CD ! ...
 I give it five stars because of what it stands for . The russian versions are musically better in my opinion , but the English lyrics bring it closer to home and bring out a part of our culture whos time has come to shine . Many say they are a cleverly thought up marketing gem , which they are , but this music is too beatiful to have been created only for controversy . It has heart , and most of all , it 's dance music thats fun to listen to !
 i do think they deserve their title as musicians . while they do work the lesbian gimmick -LRB- and it is a gimmick-read any recent interview-they love men . women are just pretty -RRB- , they have some serious talent . on top of their singing ability , they have come up with several stuck-in-your-head songs . ever try to listen to all the things she said before you go to sleep ? youll be hearing it when you wake up . overall , a four-star album .
 I buoght this album a couple days ago ... I took it home & listened to it.This is simply just an all around greatrecord its not perfect but what is.If you shovel past all the ploys & what not & get right down to there talent it 's very easy to see why they have sold over a million records world wide . & hey ... Just give the music a chance if like club music & like to dance you will love 90 % of this record this to me just as bit everything.So just buy it already .
 A friend gave me the album and i did n't know much about the girls when i first popped it in , except that i saw them when they were on TRL . &#8220; All the things she said &#8221; was catchy and made me more into them . There 's a video on the cd that was cool and def . one of the perks of buying the album . i think they 're great for girls out there b/c they do their thing and they 're really good at it . i dont really listen to their type of music hardly at all but they 've gotten me much more into it ... i also got a huge kick out of them rocking out in russian , that was pretty tight . check it out !! you wont be dissappointed .
 When my friend first recommended this duo I was , like all others , skeptical . I had thought it was another rock band that i negletted the offer . when i finally set aside my usual obssession of latin pop to hear to preview this song , i was wowed . then i went straight to a store and got the cd . it is superb . everyone i know is talking about it , and nobody seems bothered by their lesbian status -LRB- or so they proclaims -RRB- . Speaking of vocal talent , if you are looking for some seriously deep cords , then Tatu is n't one for you . Surprisingly , their high-pitched wailings , especially in their hit song `` All the THings she Said '' , are n't irking to the ear . They have some excellent danceable techno songs , in addition to the good but overplayed `` All the Things '' , such as Show Me Love , Clowns , and How Soon is Now . I love the eerie , slow 30 Minutes as well - the piano opening is captivating and haunting
 `` TATU '' is the name of the russian duo which is shocking the world , with its controversial songs and attitudes . The debut english album , `` 200km/h in the wrong lane '' , is a cool CD and I 've been listening it a lot . `` All the things she said '' is reaching the charts everywhere in the world and is a great song , despite the lesbian content . I also like the song `` Stars '' , specially because of the indian arrangements and the russian lyrics I ca n't understand . The cover version of `` How soon is now ? '' , very criticized , is really enjoyable and it 's worth checking . '' # 0 minutes '' , `` Not gon na get us '' are great dance tracks and will please almost all TATU listeners . `` 200km/h ... '' is a pop album above the average . Julia and Lena , the singers , do not reveal the audience if they are really lesbians or if it is all a marketing strategy . Anyway , the album is great and I 'm glad it was released overseas .
 I 'm 29 years old , and came to this country from Russia in 1979 . I 'm glad to see the cross artist relations through music today . In the past , Russia was not that much part of the `` Cross-reference '' music boom , such as in the early days when Frank , Tom , Englebert , Dean , Tony and others were singing the same crooner and international hits , like Besame Mucho and Dicitencello Vuie in English . New Russian stars like Phillip Kirkorov and T.A.T.U are leading the way to a new world and I salute them for it . With T.A.T.U , I do not see any `` Marketing-Ploy '' at all , to say so would be too shalow . It 's just plain FUN ! . Why ca n't we all just enjoy the music without any prapoganda paranoia . Come on guys ! It 's 2003 for crying out loud .
 Quite simply put , the hooks on this record are enchanting . T.A.T.U. 's book of music ranges from neo-rock to pop infused techno beats that are as addictive as any beat coming out of Detroit 's techno houses . T.A.T.U. takes the techno come pop formula that made Moby and to a greater extent Basement Jaxx so popular and put a soft touch on its finish . Some songs like `` Malchik gay '' are formulaic , but the record redeems itself by the sole fact that `` All The Things She Said '' is on it . T.A.T.U. 's work ranges from the generic to the refreshingly original . While not as salable as Basement Jaxx , this disk surely heralds another original voice into the realm of techno .
 ... it 's still a good album . I purchased it because I heard `` All the Things She Said '' for the first time on the radio the other day , and for the rest of the day , it kept `` running through my head '' . I decided I liked the song - a lot - so I had to get the CD . So I did , and while I was n't disappointed , it still was n't as great as I was hoping it would be . One reviewer said that `` it sounds like mice being tortured '' , and they were n't all that far from the truth . Although , I would have said they sound more like Alvin and the Chipmunks on some occasions -LRB- especially in `` Malchik Gay '' -RRB- . On other occasions , they sound like Britney Spears . That is not to say that their voices are bad ; it 's just in some songs they 're a little hard to take . The best songs on the CD are , of course `` All the Things She Said '' , and `` Show Me Love '' , which plays best when at a higher volume . Most of the songs would play great at a dance club , and they 've got nice bass . `` How Soon is Now '' is a remake of a song by the Smiths , later remade by Love Spit Love in 1995 . While t.a.T.u 's version is n't bad , it is n't as good as the other two versions.While I think their debut American CD could have been a little better , I still like it , and I 'm sure it will be spending a lot of time in my CD player . In the meantime , I spend all day humming that one song , thinking about how catchy it is . If an artist can achieve that , then I guess they must be doing something right .
 t.A.T.u. is a great new group . Like most good music they have been around longer than their music has been in the U.S. All of the music is different and mixes together nicely into this cd . A little techno , a little pop . Their lyrics are deep but still simple and universal . A great CD overall and the enhanced CD with the music video makes this CD a must have for t.A.T.u fans
 I usually dont like this kind of music , but the very first time I heard ` All the Things She Said ' on the radio I wanted to know who sang it . But I didnt find out until I saw the music video . Its not your typical teen cheesy type of music . True , it is somewhat pop-sounding , but its original . The album is wonderful . Their voices are beautiful . You just have to be in the mood to accept something new , or at least give it a chance . Its a great deal for the price , as well . Its a great CD , its enhanced and it doesnt cost much . So you should stop being cheap and buy it ; -RRB-
 While t.A.T.u. has garnered much-deserved praise in their home country and across Europe in general , North Americans are -LRB- possibly for the first time , excluding those of us who 've been following them from the start -RRB- just hearing the amazing sounds of the Russian-based duo . If you fall into that particular category and are looking for advice on this cool new sound you keep hearing about , you 're in the right place.Although their import cd classifies them as having a ` The Prodigy ' - esque sound , it should be noted that t.A.T.u. 's lyrics are far from the hard-hitting , yet often non-sensical noise of The Prodigy . Rather , the duo 's lyrics speak right to the heart through tracks 1 to 11 -LRB- i.e. , the end -RRB- , and especially hit home on their brilliant cover of The Smith 's `` How soon is now ? '' . However , although the lyrics speak of love , do n't be fooled . These are the tracks you 'll be hearing popping up in dance clubs all over the continent . It really is the kind of soulful crossover that the electrona/techno industry needs.Basically what it all comes down to is , if you like music that speaks the truth of the heart but also gets you up and on your feet , then look no further than this cd ! Buy it , listen , and enjoy !
 These chics frkkin rule . All the songs have a kickass beat to them that just make you wan na dance ... even when your singin them in your head !! ... Least that happen to me . =-RRB- heh ... anyway yeah ! Get the CD !! NOW !! or later . Plus they 're russian * drool * OOoOOo i love them like Cherry red candy
 With the upbeat tone of songs like `` Malchik Gay , '' -LRB- without being overly popstar bubblyish -RRB- , and the seriousness of songs like `` Stars , '' 200 km/hr In The Wrong Lane is an album with a good mix . Though many people have doubted Yulia and Lena 's talent because of the exploitation of their relationship -LRB- by press and their manager -RRB- and marketing of that relationship -LRB- they ARE a genuine couple , thank you ! -RRB- , I think they pull off it off.I 'm sick of hearing about a bunch talentless bubblegum pop `` singers , '' make room for Yulia and Lena ! They have genuine talent and definite charisma . Their obvious chemistry is a turn-on as well . And their music is good to dance to ! We need more fun and upbeat music like t.A.T.u. 's , that is n't as ` shake and baked ' like other pop artists , or presented in a way that shows the artist really just tried too hard to sell an album . `` All the things she said '' will definitly be ` running through my head ' !
 I 've downloaded a few songs from Tatu , and I must say that I really love them . The only problem is having to wait until this CD is released . I rated it the five stars based on the songs of theirs I have heard , so I 'm hoping this CD wo n't be a flop . ^ - ^ ;
 I am sooooooooo excited about these songs !!!!!!!!!!!! They are ** GREAT ** I really love the beats , the rhythmn is gorgeous.I can not stop listening to all the wonderful songs on the album !! Lena & Julia ; - the 2 girls of t.a.t.u. - are the pepper that makes this really unforgettable !! Their voices rock , yeah . It 's new , it 's AMAZING !! Ranging from `` All the things she said '' to `` Not gon na get us '' -- you are nothing but FASCINATED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So this is a MUST HAVE
 This CD is excellent ! The music is a mix between pop and rock with some softer songs as well . In my opinion the Russian release is 700 times better but for those of you who ca n't stand singing along with another language this CD will do . Absolutly a must have for your collection .
 ... they chose the WRONG Smiths song to cover . Everybody and their grandma covers `` How Soon is Now ? '' It 's become the `` Stairway to Heaven '' of its generation . What they SHOULD have covered was `` Sheila Take a Bow , '' a sweet li'l ol' courtship song for androgynes of uncertain sexual persuasion . For a bonus , Yulia Volkova -LRB- The Noisy One -RRB- could cover `` Bigmouth Strikes Again ! '' ; - -RRB- It 's a shame the act is self-destructing . Under better management , and more jovial songs to balance out the `` I 'd DIE without you ! '' theme off the album , they could have been a cooler version of the Village People . They 'd have been the toast of the club circuit ! Unfortunately , their manager was an eejit.Now if I was managing that act , I 'd have them do a disco-opera about Original Gangsta Lesbian Poetess Sappho ! -LRB- Bulb lights up ! Me Am Hulk starts writing the libretto ... -RRB-
 brillant not gon na get it your loss if you dont i love it how soon is now thirty minutes sweet . buy and enjoy
 I bought 200 km/h in the wrong lane when their new album was released.I watched the ` All About Us ` video and heard the intro'All the things she said ' i liked it a lot and i wanted to buy their previous album instead of buying the new one.That two cute lezbians are amazing and i love the way they sing.Their first single ` All The Things She Said ' is one of my favourite tracks on the album .1 . Not Gon na Get Us -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- notes : I like te music on this track , this song is about running away from the people , their parents for not understanding them and i really like how the way they sing on this track .2 . All Things She Said -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- notes : My favourite.The chorus of this track is cool , especially this part ` This is not enough ' . The meaning of this song is about a love affair between two lez ... nah nah ... girls .3 . Show Me love -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- 4.30 Minutes -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- 5 . How soon is now -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- notes : This song is my favourite too , ilove the chorus , my fav part of this song is ' i am human and i need to be loved , just like everybody else does ' .6 . Clowns -LRB- Can you see me now -RRB- -LRB- 3.5 Stars -RRB- 7 . Malchik Gay -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- notes : I like this one , the song is nice but i 'm still not sure what this song is about .8 . Stars -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- notes : This is one of the best songs on this album.When i listen to this song , i always feel kinda sad becuz of the lyrics and the way the song sounds like.I wo n't rate the rest.I give 5 stars to this album and I 'm gon na buy their new album .
 This is one of my favorite albums , and until today , I had no idea that Tatu had another one . i seriously thought they were popular in Russia , but one hit wonders here in the U.S. Well I was wrong . These girls have sad , raw , warm , and heartfelt lyrics that everyone can relate to . They are lesbians , yes , but I 'm striaght and can relate to every song . One of my favorite tracks is probably Clowns . I can relate to it so much . Its a song about love that people do n't accept , and weather your homosexual or not , everyone can relate to it . There first single , `` All the things she said '' is another excellent song . Like most of the tracks , it is also about unaccepted affection . My favorite lines are `` Mother looking at me , will I ever be free , have I lost my mind ... Daddy looking at me , tell me what do you see , have I crossed the line ? '' and then it goes off into the chorus . This album is one that , besides the wonderful lyrics is very fun . Its got amazing techno beats , and even my dad , who unlike me listens to more rap , r & b , classical , and reggae , really loves it !
 There is nothing better than chilling out to this awesome CD . The Russian pop duo hit it big with a lot of people with these catchy tunes and lyrics . I was turned onto their music during their American debut , and now I own seven or eight of their Cds and am impatiently awaiting Dangerous and Moving 's arrival in October 05 . This cd is great for people who want a good mix of t.A.T.y 's range . There are upbeat , powerful songs like Not Gon na Get Us that make you want to get up and pump your fist in the air , and sweet songs like All The Things She Said that will make you want to hold your significant other . If you want to truly appreciate the girls ' talent , listen to their russian songs as well . This CD carries two of them , but there are plenty more ; some do n't have english versions , and they are all amazing !
 There is nothing else like this in the mainstream U.S. . You have to hear their voices and how they come together with the music . My feelings get touched every time I listen to this CD . It has the famous All The Things She Said and Not Gon na Get Us tracks , but that is not all . Besides those , this album is full of good tracks . I even listen to and enjoy the two Russian renditions , and I do n't speak Russian . Check out the samples , and if you like their voices buy this album .
 I think that now days it is very hard to find something you would like , especially when it comes to music . There are so many artists and genres to choose from , it sometimes , becomes difficult to satisfy your ear . However , if you are into t.A.T.u. , satisfaction is all the way . When I heard that two sexy `` lesbian '' girls imported from Russia where trying to conquer the U.S. I became intrigued on how good and different their music would sound , and up to this date they have kept my ears satisfied.Their first album , `` 200 km/h In The Wrong Lane '' , gathers 11 songs , all with different sounds , lyrics , meanings , and even languages . The album has 3 powerful singles , `` All The Things She Said '' , `` Not Gon na Get Us '' , and a cover from `` The Smiths '' - `` How Soon Is Now ? '' . The first two are very different , but powerful in both their catchy lyrics and rhythms . `` All The Things She Said '' is t.A.T.u. 's biggest hit to date , and how can it not be , it tells the story of two girls , both being madly in love with each other , but driven crazy due to peoples looks , thoughts and actions . This song is probably one of the biggest highlights of the record , and a worth buying the album for . `` Not Gon na Get Us '' and `` How Soon Is Now ? '' manage to be great singles . `` Not Gon na Get Us '' with that catchy `` they 're not gon na get us '' and `` How Soon Is Now ? '' being a great cover.Then we have the never released singles `` Show Me Love '' and `` 30 Minutes '' . Both were thought to be released as singles , but never made it . In my opinion these two would have been great singles . `` Show Me Love '' with the catchy chorus and the Extended Edition for those who love the song and `` 30 Minutes '' , that lovely ballad that we all love . The songs that follow , `` Clowns -LRB- Can you See Me Now ? -RRB- '' , `` Malchik Gay '' , `` Stars '' and the Russian version of both `` All The Things She Said '' and `` Not Gon na Get Us '' make the album get to a level where you find a little bit of everything
 When you first listened to the videos which were shown on TV , you might have thought the songs were so weird and non-sense . But as you listen more carefully to the lyrics , as you realize the reasons of all the sounds in the songs , you will find every song a big treasure . The songs totally reflect the big work the traslators have done to change the language of the ca n't - be-deeper lyrics from Russian to English . This is totally worth buying . I 'm sure t.A.T.u. wo n't have to be afraid to be forgotten or defeated by the other music bands because they have already created a unique place in the fans ' hearts .
 Just buy the thing it is one of the best pop albums ever !
 I found it to be a great mix of music . I also came to find out from a foreign exchange student from Russia that the translation to `` Ya Soshla S Uma '' is actually `` I Have Lot My Mind . '' And as he translated the rest of the Russian song , it turned out to be nothing like the English sung in `` All The Things She Said . '' The words `` mne nuzha ona , mne nuzha ona '' spoken between the opening `` ya soshla s uma '' is translated to `` I need her , I need her . '' I 'm not sure what to think of the rest of the translation . But , overall , I very much like the music .
 I got this album from one of my friends recently as a gift , and I have to say , I am not unimpressed . I instantly fell in love with every song and now it 's on almost every single second of the day ! Once you get past the whole lesbian image , you realize that these are great songs with great lyrics ! My favorite song on this disc would have to be Stars . I love the instrumentals !
 I really like these two , and not because they 're supposed to be lesbians . It 's great to see Russian pop being imported to America , because , frankly , it 's better than anything we 've got going over here . HOWEVER , I strongly recommend that you buy instead or in addtion to this CD the Russian language version `` Dvesti Po Vstrechnoi . '' The translations in this CD are a bit awkward and do n't do the Russian version justice ; even if you do n't understand Russian , I think that the songs just sound better . Also , as a Russian student , I found these songs helpful , as they are in relatively simple language and helped me to learn a few new words .
 The 2 Russian teenagers of T.A.T.U. could well be on their way to being the music industrys biggest new stars . Its evident that these girls have all the makings of superstardom on their debut album which spawns the incredible first single All The Things She Said . This song is nothing like I have ever heard . The girlish vocals , engaging chorus , and hard driving beats make this song sensational . Proving they are not going to be one hit wonders , the girls score with the dance club anthem Show Me Love and their haunting cover of the Smiths How Soon is Now -LRB- theme song for Charmed fans -RRB- . From start to finish their is not one bad song on here . Crank it up and enjoy !
 I enjoyed the CD , it 's fun and very different this summer . You should buy it and judge for yourself , you 'll find that you 're listening to it a lot .
 I love this band , and I received the cd in a timely manner .
 It should n't matter if they are or if they are n't lesbians . They 've stated it 's not about that and they never labeled themselves as such because they do n't believe in labeling emotions/feelings . The point of the matter is about the music and this album is one of the best I 've ever heard . The music is wonderful and the lyrics are full of feeling and love.It 's a wonderful album and I would recommend it to anyone .
 OMG !! t.A.T.u. is possibly the best fricking band ever . This CD is sooo freaking great !! You will want to listen to it over and over and over and over and over and over over and over and over and over and over and over over and over and over and over and over and over again !!!!!! I only gave it 4 stars not 5 though cuz really you only get 8 indiviual songs and one of them is a cover of The Smiths `` How Soon Is Now ? '' -LRB- which , might I add , is freaking great !! -RRB- ... So that 's it ... BUY THIS CD YOU IDIOT !!
 Tatu 's sound is great for the car . The tunes are catchy , the lyrics singable and the lead vocalists sound like what the Chipettes would sound like if they still made music.Not Gon na Get Us and All the Things She Said are probably the most popular songs on this disc . But I was surprised to find that nearly every track on this disc was as great as these first two . 30 Minutes is a slower track with synth harp and a phantom-like piano , reminiscint of , maybe , Ayla.When How Soon is Now ? came on I thought , ` This sounds like that tune by the Smiths . ' I 'm not sure if I like this version better than the original but it is one of the better tracks on the disc . It 's as if the Chipettes are still up to there old tricks and covering great 80 's tunes . Lena Katina , with her incredibly high range , sounds like Brittany from the Chipettes.Malchik Gay starts out with a nice drum and acoustic guitar rhythm , but dissolves into pop cheese with the chorus.Stars was forgettable . Tracks 9 and 10 are just Russian versions of the first two tracks . So basically there are only 8 tracks of different material . That is not nearly enough for the $ ... this disc cost me . Also , the video is grand , but I ca n't enjoy that while driving . I 'm glad this disc is in my library , but there 's so little on this disc for me to enjoy .
 Not many seem to like TATU but my opinion of them is high . As a matter of fact I 'm listening to ' 200 km/h in the wrong lane ' right now with ` Not gon na get us ' and as I listen to them so much I even know all the words to their songs . My favourite song by them is All the things she said and I 'm looking forward to hearing their new song . The people in the group are Lena Katina and Julia Volkova . They 're just young teenagers and for their ages they have a very high standard of songs . I 've rated them 5 stars and the people with good taste would have rated them the same such as myself . I first heard of TATU in early 2003 and my next door neighbour had been watching the music channel and they mentioned two singers announced that they were lesbians and I was like who are they and they came on with the song All the things she said , normally the first time I come accross new songs I can never be bothered to listen but I was more interested in watching the video but then I got into the music channel and heard it more and more often and started liking TATU and then they became one of my top singers and now whenever I listen to it -LRB- which is not very often -RRB- it goes really quickily . The problem is that my brother always hogs the remote control and he hates TATU but I can easily get my own way with him .
 T.A.T.U. is an awesome group and they put out great songs on this album , `` 200Km/H in the Wrong Lane '' . With all the buzz and scandal sworming around t.A.T.u. , the content of their music seems to be lost on most people . However , they provide catchy , danceable songs that more people should know . The Russian versions on this album are great to listen to , too . I totally recommend this album to anyone looking for something a little different than typical American pop . Go t.A.T.u. !!!!
 Its about time russia had so pop talent . These Two Younge girls are just the perfect duo . The two have amazing voices . Good good music .
 Many people have expressed disgust over the fact the two female members that comprise T.A.T.U. are not actually lesbians , but rather part of a clever marketing gimmick to sell CDs . It 's even doubtful that they write their own songs . Yet upon listening to it , you ca n't help but be sucked in , by the catchy tunes and the two singer 's great voices -LRB- which again , may not be entirely their own -RRB- . In all this possible fakeness , how can I recommend this CD ? Suppose a world famous chef served you a bowl of fettucine alfredo , telling you he made it himself . You take a bite ; it 's the best bite of the pasta you 've ever had ! You eagerly finish off the bowl , only to have the chef tell you that he lied , and that it was actually just a TV dinner . That still does n't change the fact that it was really good .
 This is the group America has been waiting for . Two women in love and not afriad to show it . This CD is very good and the best CD I have bought in a long time . t.A.T.u is unlike most pop groups in the US . The US pop groups base there look and lyrics on what they think other poeple think . Lena and Yuila are differnt . They write songs about beeing in love with one another and it doesnt matter what other people think just be in love . This CD stands out from all the others . They have had Nuber one hits all over the world and they are taking over and the US is next .
 This is fresh and will knock you down . I love the whole album and this is what I have been waiting for . The girls are great and the music is excellent . I saw the duo on Fox and since then I have been an avid fan . If you buy one CD make this it !
 Personally , this album has been on heavy rotation in my CD player since the day it was released . I love it ! It gets me in the mood to get up and get going ! Its perfect to listen to while working out or cleaning the house . The girls voices are amazing and reach even more amazing highs . If you pass up this album you are sure to regret it !
 You do n't have to be a lesbian or gay activist to like this Cd . I am very impressed . Great tunes . The music is a unique mix of rock/dance/pop . The lyrics are very interesting & some even sad . They reveal the turmoil that they have experienced in their `` coming out '' . They 're Russian accents & girlish & soft pretty voices add to the appeal . Go get it . This is a very good CD .
 Finally TATU is known in the U.S. . Their music is just simply amazing . There is nothing much to say . It was a really good move to translate the Russian version to English by Trevor Horn . Just buy this CD , you have nothing to lose !
 This cd really grew on me , though i DO have to admit that the repetitive high-pitched singing of the words `` Not Gon na Get Us '' gets on my nerves a bit , as does the repetitive `` Malchik Gay '' , of which i have a love/hate relationship with the high pitched tone of the vocals when they sing those two words . Those two complaints aside , this is a fantastic cd . The song All The Things She Said just blew me away and made me run out and buy the cd . The disc was only 9.99 and so i snapped it up , and have no regrets . I have n't seen the video for that song , and have looked past all the `` Russian lesbian teens '' stuff , that to me is just clever marketing . Whether they were packaged by some svengali who came up with an idea for the next marketing ploy or not , this is an interesting and fresh-sounding cd . The music is exciting and these two girls can really sing beautifully ! The slow songs are amazing , and the music is beautifully crafted to compliment these two voices , and their Russian accents are cute when they sing in English . They probably sang the songs phonetically for all we know . I 'm glad they chose to put the Russian versions of some of the songs so we can compare the two . Both versions are great . This was one of the better cd purchases i made in 2003 . The cd gets better with each listen . One thing i really like about this cd is that even though it 's a teen girl vocal act , the producers were smart in not having them follow in the Britney Spears or Christina Agulera mold . Tatu is a cd that adults and teens will enjoy equally .
 Okay I have to admit , I was n't at all interested the slightest bit for this group ... I 've read about them in an article in a magazine about two years ago and I was like `` Who the hell are they ?? '' and `` What the hell is going on in Russia ? '' . But I 've heard clips of the song `` All The Things She Said '' on the radio , and it literally got me to buy the c.d. . After listening to it for the first time , I truely fell in love with the album and with the two girls who consist of this group . The songs on this album are very unique in sound and are all very listenable and it takes you to a whole new world that is true ; y blissful.Track 1 `` Not Gon na Get Us ''
 Like a fog quickly rolling across a harbor , the music encompassed me . The vocals slid in like a ghost , haunting and pricking at me , tugging at my subconscious . `` Still '' is a strong track with lyrics that stick in one 's mind.Slick and professional , clean and overpowering . Highly recommended .
 The music and lyrics captivated me . I find myself playing the CD over and over . A very talented group of musicians .
 This album did n't live up to its predecessor -LRB- Ferociously Stoned -RRB- , but it is still quite good . Cosa Nostra is an enchanting song ... ca n't get enough of it .
 This Cd kicks ! Buy it , `` Say it to My Face '' is the best Daddies song except Zoot Suit Riot . So , what the heck are you waiting for ?
 this is not swing ... more like punk-ska . luckily i was expecting this after i got zoot suit riot . but if you 're like me and love punk and ska as much as swing it will be all good
 awesome music , nothing that I do n't like x-ept for `` we 'll always have paris '' . `` say it to my face '' , `` irish wiskey '' and `` don quihote '' are the best .
 I bought Soul Cadillac about 2 years ago listened to it once and then forgot about it until this year . I needed to hear more . Kids on the Street rocks . There are no bad tracks . this band is so versatile , the songs are clever . This is ska , so if you are expecting swing you may be disappointed or pleasantly surprised . You ca n't find this kind of stuff on the radio . I anxiously await Rapid City Muscle Car .
 I 've had this CD for several years , and after hearing it again recently , I feel I owe Cherry Poppin ' Daddies a good review . This CD is out of this world . As you grow , your taste in music grows , and this CD has a favorite song for every genre of music that anyone can grow through . I honestly did not think it was possible for a band to write the best song of a genre , and then do it for a different genre , and again for a different one . . it does n't end . Honestly , you owe it to yourself to buy this CD . While they may be more `` swingy '' now , this CD only shows a hint of swing . The lyrics are truly breathtaking . . so much further above and beyond anything that you 've ever heard . Each band member is absolutely terrific at what they play . The CD is put together well , it 's not like one of those CDs where , if you have some friends over , you want to get up and skip over some not so good tracks to impress them . This is one where you can let it play on , and each track they 're guaranteed to like . Some say that this CD is a little poppy , as if they were trying to get on the radio . I guarantee they were n't trying to get on the radio , they were trying to show you that they could even go into that area of music strongly enough as all the other areas that they 've conquered.Hope this helps ... bottom line is , buy this CD , you wo n't regret it . Honestly , the only better thing you could do with 15 bucks is donate it to charity .
 Well , if you are gon na buy this album you should n't expect what you hear on CPD 's Zoot Suit Riot . This album is mix of a bunch of different stlyes and it hits great hights with Irish Whiskey , Don Quijote , Millionare , We 'll always have Paris , and Kids on the Street . This CD didnt let me down at all , and will lead you into the CPD world of a band that is not resricted to play one style of music . Definitly add it to your CPD section to your CD colection .
 Having been a fan since the beginning , I can truly recommend this as a good introduction to CPD 's true identity . They are a great swing band , but they did NOT start out as a swing band , and they are certainly much more . This album is one of the few I can listen to all the way through -LRB- I have a short attention span -RRB- . =-RRB- `` Don Quixote '' rocks harder than just about anything ever did . -LRB- You should hear it LIVE !! -RRB- Basically , it 's an excellent album . Enjoy this one , then ease into the funk sounds of Ferociously Stoned -- definitely the work of a younger band , but just as good !
 4 out of 5 stars from me is really good ! i do n't like many kinds of music but this is it . CPD is the band ! My favorite is We 'll always have Paris . They make this mix of ska and punk into the best songs . From numbers 1-15 , i will never be pushing the forward button . Cherry Poppin ' Daddies have the best taste in music and ill be listening to it as long as i know . One more thing , when you buy it make sure you know its ska and punk and not all swing .
 For years , I 've been searching for the perfect rock . The fine line , the midpoint between Metallica , and the Spin Doctors . I searched hi & lo , and finally , I found it . On the Kids On The Street album , by the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies . This album proves that the CPD can write/play any genre of music , and do it absolutely outstandingly . They are just pure geniuses ! CPD , if you ever read this , I LOVE YOU !!
 Its a slight change from the three other albums they have made , but they still create some great music . I 've enjoyed every CD the Daddies have put on the market and this album `` Kids on the Street '' is no exception . Their style is original and up beat . You ca n't go wrong with this CD .
 This is not the precursor to Zoot Suit Riot . It 's great ska and punk flavor . Wonderful lyricism and impeccable musicianship . Steve Perry 's voice changes throughout but stays smooth and transforms every song making me wonder if `` Silver-Tongued Devil '' is autobiographical -LRB- He 's got a voice like a tuxedo and pink champagne -RRB- .
 The Daddies have NEVER been a solid swing band . If you know anything about this band then you 'd know that this disc is by far their most ambitious attempt at rock and roll ; although `` Flovilla Thatch ... '' from their first album is my favorite CPD song . Just listen to that great rap in the middle ! I 'm glad they set aside the swing thing for their rock roots on this album . The title track is a definite radio-worthy song that was unfortunately overlooked . I 've been a fan for many years and have seen them many times . I would TOTALLY miss the inventive rock-minded side of CPD if they decided to go all swing . But I doubt that would happen because Oregon 's AMAZING eclectic musical family would n't allow it . They 'd lose too much credibility . To all those people who discover the variety that is CPD -LRB- as well as other Oregon based bands -RRB- , I hope you accept it and not dismiss their genius . Buying this album is your first step to doing so , as well as building the long-lost art of loyalty towards a band worth more than one-hit-wonder status . By the way , to the guys in the band ... we 'll see ya at home in Oregon .
 When I first bought this album it was n't what I expected . However the more I listen to it the more I like it . There could have been more horn involvement but I 'm sure the CPDs tried there best . You decide .
 I had the once-in-a-lifetime experience of hearing Eve perform many years ago in a small club in Durham , NC , when I was a medical student at Duke . She must have been a young teenager at the time . I just wish I had been a record company executive , so I would n't have had to wait so long for this solo album ! Many of the selections are jazz standards but arranged and interpreted in completely original ways . Eve is simply an incredible talent . Chip Crawford is also a superb pianist . I think I 've listened to the `` Lush Life '' track at least a hundred times already !
 I first saw Eve Cornelious when she and Chip were doing a stint at a hotel bar in Durham , She was so incredable I followed her around the NC Triangle area . I have both her CD 's and the CD she sang on made by Ramsey Lewis . My only regret is that she has not made 10 more CD 's so I could hear her rendition of alot more songs . She should be a commercial star .
 EVE HAS A WAY OF EXPRESSING HER ALL IN EACH SONG . SHE HAS ALWAYS HAD THE TALENT TO SING .
 I have only recently heard Eve and her voice is such a great find.I 'm glad her choice of material is so much to my liking.Usually I will buy a cd for a particular song , nice to find so much here.Look forward to more .
 Not a bad collection . Recommended if you already own some of Rogers best know material . If you are just starting out check out `` ten years of gold '' or the `` greatest hit 's '' CDs rather than this . Kenny 's version of `` I will always love you '' is not so bad . Espically when you remember this song was actually done first by a country artist - Dolly Parton , the song 's writer -LRB- Whitney Houston coverd it -RRB- .
 I have been a fan of his for many year 's . Have been two of hie concert 's here in the tampa bay and really like his singing very much .
 I wish these dudes come out with another album . This one is going on 3 years . How long I got ta wait ???? Anyway , this here is real tight . Both J-Bo and Sean Paul can rap and Organized Noize always put out the good beats . If you do n't believe me , listen to PA 's CD -LRB- both of them -RRB- and Jim Crow . These boyz got it going on .
 Atl is difinitly on the come up . Outkast is the best in the biz , goodie mob is a silver medal , and these boys from the Atl are a strong third . track 4 -- 85 makes the whole album that song is why thay made repeat buttons track 13 is also tight . give'em their props and help 'em out go get the album just do n't dub it .
 This is one of the tighest albums out there . The Attic Crew represents to the fullest . Everybody needs to go out and cop both the Youngbloodz and Jim Crow today ! They are two of best groups out of the South . They talk about things that most people can relate to like partying , chillin wit yo folk and havin fun . They are not into rolexes and bentleys and all of this materialism that most rappers talk about . They keep it real .
 Man , hold up ! These boyz are blazin ' ! I first heard of the Youngbloodz on some compelations and was impressed . I 'm more than impressed now ! My full and total attention is on these boys . This is an album that will recieve plenty of stereo time ! My favorite track is 85 ! You got ta feel the funk on that !
 Wow , I ca n't believe this cd came out 6 years ago back when i was in 7th grade in 1999 . I remember when i picked up this cd the first day it came out , I poped it to my stereo , And wham ! this cd got me hearing it for at least a straight year .1 . Intro
 I fell in love with `` 85 ft. Big Boi '' when I first heard it . The chorus goes like this
 Yeah i had never heard of the Youngbloodz until now , but i bought this cd because Big Boi is on a song and I realized that the Youngbloodz are a true ATL based rap crew ... really good beats and raps . If you like Dungeon Family and Outkast you 'll like them ... recommended song : ' 85
 If you like rap you will like this . It has every thing a good CD should have !
 If you like Goodie mob or outkast then you 'll definitely love this cd . It combines head bobbin ' party going beats with smooth tight lyrical flows . This is a definite one for the cd changer .
 With classic cuts like 85 f / Big Boi , U-Way -LRB- How We Do It -RRB- , Shakem ' Off , and Pop , Pop , Pop this album is a must have . It has great production , and is an overall classic album . Pick it up if you want to hear the dirty south 's finest , Youngbloodz .
 A couple of years ago The Source reviewed this album and gave it 31/2 stars . I slapped the magazine cover ... This is the freshest debut from Dungeon Family -LRB- actually Attic Crew -RRB- members since SouthernPlayalisticCadillacMusik . Some may remember them from the Jermaine Dupri song Jazzy Hoes . Anyway the production is something different from normal DF and ONP beats . Leaning more toward club beats while being bumpable and listenable away from the club . At the same time thsi album has a chillin feel to it . J-Bo and Sean Paul have that southern fried country voice and both of their flows are recognizable and compelling.Another Thing that makes this album so Great are the addition of exceptional choruses . While lyrically they are nothing eye-brow amazing , they still reel you in with their flow , chroruses and topics . Just Check the intro for proof.My Favorite songs include the So Fresh and So Clean 85 , which is about doing anything to get to there `` girl '' and taking their time getting there on the insanely crowded and traffic - populated street 85 . A definite regional classic and was also a hit across the nation.The club anthems Shakem Off and U-Way which sport hard and fast beats with unforgettable choruses . There 's nothing you can do but get on the dance floor when these songs come on . they are so infectious . The U-Way remix which is a collaboration with Lil Wayne is trump tizight with a hard beat and some tight lyrics.Thangs Movin Slow , Down Heya , Its The Money , Get It How We Get It , and 6 to 14 in 12 tell about their lifestyle and things they do on an everyday basis and are extremely tight . 87 Fleetwood is , I think , a street in SWATS but I 'm not sure I ca n't remember ... but it must be where they are from . Anyway this sports one of the tightest beats on the album and has THE best chorus on the album.There is not a bad song on the entire album and is definitely listenable front to back whether you are just chillin , in a club , or riding . All music fans need to pick this up and have it in their collection . You will not be disappointed !
 THE YOUNGBLOODZ ARE THE BEST SINCE NOLMT.THEY HAVE A STYLE LIKE A CHITOWN GROUP.THEY BRING A URBAN FLAVA TO THE BURBS THAT 'S NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE.HERE 'S ALL THE GOOD TRACKS 2,4,5,6,7,8,11,14,15 .
 the dirty south rules especially in Atlanta . outkast is the best in the business , goodie mob is hard to beat , and these Youngbloodz are not half bad themselves . this record is the best i 've bought in a while , and there are only a couple of tracks that i could n't listen to all day . 85 is the jam , and track 10 is hot as haill . if you like the dirty south , buy this album , if you do n't , i 'd give it a shot anyway .
 I do n't buy much rap any more these days unless they are classic albums from the sure shot artists , but these Youngblood cats have definitely reached me . This whole cd is strong from start to finish , its on of the albums you sit can sit and listen to or be in da club Shakin Em off ... I was highly pleased with this purchase ... 85 is my favorite track when i 'm ridin but if i 'm in dat booty club i wan na here Shake em off
 This Cd kicks ! I love all the songs . But My fav is da remixed of U-way cuz it is tight . The Lyrics r hot the beats r good .
 These guys have the kind of raw talent only found in the DIRTY SOUTH . They are definetly off the chains . I really enjoyed the down south flow and blazing beats . For true Southern rap fans , you 'll have no problem recognizing a rap classic such as this one . Oh yeah , Sean Paul is a god .
 These guys have the kind of raw talent only found in the DIRTY SOUTH . They are definetly off the chains . I really enjoyed the down south flow and blazing beats . For true Southern rap fans , you 'll have no problem recognizing a rap classic such as this one . Oh yeah , Sean Paul is a God .
 These guys have the kind of raw talent only found in the DIRTY SOUTH . They are definetly off the chains . I really enjoyed the down south flow and blazing beats . For true Southern rap fans , you 'll have no problem recognizing a rap classic such as this one . Oh yeah , Sean Paul is a God .
 ay shawty dem boiz youngbloodz off dah chainz yah herd meh . if u from dah south get diz and sop pote are folk yah herd meh atl reprezent n college park , east point
 I have a lot of positive things to say about the YOUNGBLOODZ . They are cool down to earth guys and their style of music will keeps you dancing . No matter what kind of mood you are in each different track will fulfil all of your musical needs . I give the album entitled `` Against The Grain '' five stars . If you love Rap music then this is definetly an album for you .
 they are not as good as Outkast , Witchdoctor or Cool Breeze , but they are better than Goodie Mob . the song U-Way is definately a slammin hit . but the song that will really blow your mind is the U-Way REMIX . the remix features Lil Wayne -LRB- of the Hot Boys -RRB- & has one of the tightest beats i have ever heard . most of the other songs are decent , but there 's about 3 that are sort of boring .
 I REALLY ENJOYED THIS CD , AT THE TIME I THOUGHT IT WAS DIFFERENTAND WITH MOST OF THE MUSIC INDUSTRY SOUNDED SO SIMPLE , IT WAS NICE TO HEAR ANOTHER STLYE . I THINK A LOT OF PEOPLE FAIL TO REALIZE THE EFFORT IT TAKES TOHAVE A FEW GOOD SONGS ON A CD , WHERE AS THIS CD IS ONE YOU CAN LISTEN TO ALL THE WAY THROUGH . I HAVE HAD THIS CD SINCE THEY CAME OUT AND STILL LISTEN TO IT . DONT MISS OUT ON THIS CD . EVEN IF IT JUST CAME OUT IT WOULD BE ONE OF THE BEST CD 'S IN THIS * ERA * AS WELL
 I have only heard `` Dirty On 85 '' and it 's the best song !!!
 PEEP THIS RIGHT HERE , YA DIG . WE WAS PLAYING THIS CD ALL NIGHT . THAT u-WAY WAS GETTING PLAYED THE HELL OUT . IT WAS GETTING ME AND ALL PEEPS CRUNKER THAN HELL , YA DIG . I AM A SOUTHERN FIGGA , FROM fUNKYTOWN FORT WORTH TEXAS , AND I MUST SAY DEM GEORGIA BOYS PUTTING IT DOWN RIGHT FO THE 99-00 . GET THAT THERE IT IS OFF THE WALL OFF THE HOOK OFF THE CHAIN
 There are many small towns out there that have a local band or group that is popular among its population . This album is a perfect example of what great music can come from such a group . I have been extremely lucky to grow up in the same town where this group was formed . I have been attending Home Grown 's concerts in our town since I was born . They have a friendly , easily recognizable style that is sure to please fans of many different music genres . Home Grown 's three members create a beautiful harmony that is unforgettable .
 I discovered Stonegard on Pandora . I heard their single `` Arrows '' and fell in love immediately . Went out and bought their disc first chance I had . Here 's what to expect ... take the melodic driving metal of InFlames , but replace Ander 's screamed vocals with soulful singing reminiscent of Soundgarden era Chris Cornell . Then they also slow things down sometimes and have an Alice in Chains sound , complete with a Lane Staley-esque vocals . Sections of a few songs could be off of Dirt . This is a good thing people . Stonegard skillfully and artfully recombine the best elements of their influences into something wonderful that is definitely greater than the sum of its parts .
 The Daddies first and best one ! Every song is a piece of art by itself . The best ones
 The intricate work between guitar , bass , drums , horns , and vocals on this cd is excellent the funk tracks are great check out `` dirty mutha fuzz '' and `` Flovilla Thatch vs. The virille garbage man '' . also the punk tracks are great , check out `` midas in reverse '' and `` diabolic tastemaker '' -LRB- great bassline -RRB- . A very masculine album . BUY IT !
 I bought this album 8 years ago and would have to say I 've listened to this album more often then any I 've bought since . I put it on to cheer myself up , to work out , and regularly add it to my `` party mix '' of music . `` Suicide Kings '' is my favorite , `` Flovilla Thatch vs. the Virile Garbage Man '' is awesome and of course the album offers the BEST CPD swing song , `` Drunk Daddy , '' as well as other favorites like `` Answering Machine . '' This album is a MUST have and makes listeners realize just how versatile and talented the CPD 's really are ! By the way , if you have n't seen them live ... GO ... NOW !!!
 The best Cherry Poppin daddies album that I 've heard so far . -LRB- I 've not heard `` Kids on The Street '' yet -RRB- The semi-punk/swing-ska thing works wonderfully here and even that description does n't do them justice . There is so much more happening in this album than can be described in words . So just listen to it !! The best songs are `` Drunk Daddy '' , `` Answering Machine '' , and `` Dirty Mutha Fuzz . ''
 The best CD in my collection ! I love every song and it 's the only CD can listen to from beginning to end . Buy this CD and I promise you will either be dancing to it or singing along to it after just one listening . I know I did .
 CPD is not just a swing band ! They are an intensely original band that can play anything and make it cool . Ferociously Stoned is their debut album and by far their best . It demonstrates their range and the intensity that they bring to live shows . `` Teenage Brain Surgeon '' and `` Flovilla Thatch vs. the Virile Garbage Man '' are the highlights .
 If you are a true Cherry Poppin Daddis fan you will love this CD ! You can really swing to the beat in this cd ! Steve 's voice is super cool , and at live concerts he dances soooooo sexy . All of CPD 's cd 's are cool , and I enjoy listening to them all ! Some of my favorite songs on Ferocioucly Stoned are ; Drunk Daddie , Teenage Brainsurgeon , lifeboat mutany , and Shake your love Maker ! All the songs are really cool in there own way . All the songs are all unique and awsome to swing to ! So check this cd out if you are a true fan !
 kept movin , kept me listening , and funky random lirics !!
 This CD is awesome , and has some hit songs . But , their Zoot Suit Riot album is still the best of all . But if you already own that one and you want another , this is definatly the one to get .
 This is the first and the best Cherry Poppin ' Daddies album out there . They new what they were doing when they got together almost nine years ago .
 I love the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies ... they 're the best ! Their songs are wonderful and they 're sung beautifully .
 This CD is CPD 's most original album in my opinion . They are able to put good ska -LRB- which I usually hate -RRB- and swing together to make a truly awesome blend of music . The Lifeboat Mutiny is probably my favorite song of all time . - JeePhunk@aol.com
 This would be it ... . I bought my original copy at one of their shows in bellingham , Wa ... . All I can say is ... if you do n't own it yet ... spend the money ...
 How can anyone knock this album . it is only the greatest album recorded by any artist . i mean the funky groves of Diabolic Tastemaker and Dirty Mutha Fuzz -LRB- my personal favourite -RRB- plus the swing tunes of Drunk Daddy and Master and Slave make this THE best CD . of course some people are adverse to the lyrics in the songs , but i say you guys are just soft . the lyrics rule , and the songs are even better . so all you CPD haters , get lost and all you CPD lover embrace this CD as their personal best achievement .
 EVERY SONG ON FEROCIOUSLY STONED IS EXELLENT!The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies are fireing up another album soon , tenatively titled `` Soul Caddilac '' . Will it be a swing record like ZSR was ? Sort of . Swing has always been a part of CPD 's music . Will it be like `` Ferociously Stoned '' ? Sort of.Everyone must realize that ZSR is a collection of `` swingin hits '' and is a collection of songs from earler CD 's . Zoot Suit Riot does not indicate the extent of the band 's music , or the scope of their style ! -LRB- Look for a twist of soul on the new album . -RRB- The only thing one can expect when hearing a CPD album for the first time is
 I do n't know how many hundreds of times I have listened to the album and it still holds up as one of my favorites . The first time I heard any of their songs was a live performance at Speedy O ' Tubs in Bellingham , Washington -LRB- probably 1990 or 1991 -RRB- . This is an incredible band and as great as this album is the Daddies are even better live . One thing though , this is not a pure Swing style album , it is more a cross between swing , punk and rock , add to that some incredible lyrics from Steve Perry and you end up with `` Ferociously Stoned . '' If you are a fan of pure Swing you will probably be disappointed by parts of the album but if you are a fan of really good music that combines various styles and does n't follow some boring formula then this is for you . While some are at times offended by some of the lyrics I find them to be very honest and often humorous , you really come away understanding just how disturbed Steve Perry 's childhood must have been after listening to `` Drunk Daddy '' . Russ Meyer fans will especially enjoy `` Flovilla Thatch vs. the Virile Garbage Man . '' This CD deserves a place in any true music lover 's collection .
 Ok , if you are a new fan you probably think that CPD is only swing , but if you want swing stick to Zoot Suit Riot and do n't compare it to this album because they 're completely different . In fact , if you are into only swing do n't even bother with CPDs other albums . THIS ALBUM IS NOT A SWING ALBUM ! Yes it has a few swing songs but you can find them on Zoot Suit Riot . I just love this CD , even though I became a fan through Zoot Suit Riot . Almost the whole album kicks ass , and the different styles of each song keep you on your toes and keep you dancing ; even laughing at times . Please , just do n't expect this to be the same as Zoot Suit Riot because it 's not . If you are open to other types of music , just give this a shot at you might end up liking it . In fact , I disliked most of this album at first because I was expecting swing ; once I gave it a chance and opened up to something different I could not stop listening to it .
 Yes , swing hits made the Daddies huge . But those of us who were around them from the beginning know they evolved in the swing direction . `` Ferociously Stoned '' is an unbelievably great album !! It gives you all kinds of sounds and styles , with the funked up sound of the Daddies . It rips ! And whoever has seen these songs done live will tell you , it 's the best . Brain Surgeon , Dr.Bones , Master and Slave and more all kick ass . Their live shows are BADASS ! Shuddupalreddy and buy Ferociously Stoned !!
 ferociously stoned is sorta swing , but if you are expecting a zoot suit riot cd , forget it . still , it is one of my favorite cd 's . its only rivals are `` zoot suit riot '' and bbvd . even though i bought it for swing music , i loved `` dirty mutha fuzz '' , `` teenaged brain sergeon '' , `` you better move '' , `` answering machine '' , and most of the other songs . 1 song that really pissed me off was that life boat mutiny crap . every thing else is pretty good .
 I am simply unable to listen to this album without shaking my fanny around . The music is fun , and Steve Perry 's voice is wild , capable of many moods and variations . I do n't know exactly how one would categorize this album , music-wise , but it has many elements -- swing , disco , funk , ska -- which are excellent in and of themselves , and together make a superb and exciting album . Very fun to listen to , and serves nicely as housecleaning music . I have had this CD for 5 years and still listen to it incessantly . As for the profanity -- yes , it 's there , but it 's actually quite funny , and inasmuch as I no longer watch Sesame Street , I 'm able to appreciate this fact .
 Now I grew up listening to The Stray cats , Faster pussycat , ELO , The Dead Milkmen and Velvet Underground -LRB- among others -RRB- ; I love swing and Ska and this album rules ! `` Dirty Mutha Fuzz '' is funky and funny , `` Teenage brain surgeon '' is classic punk as well as `` Master and slave '' and `` Answering machine '' . `` Drunk daddy '' shows the swing direction that the band was growing into . This is real good stuff , call it Swing or Ska or Punk ... loud , brash riffs and colorful horns coupled with a lead singer with the voice mannerisms of Mike Patton . If you like music with complex tones and textures and are sick and tired of the commercial machine sound , you will REALLY like this album !
 To anyone who was surprised by the fact that the album is not full of swing ... WAKE UP !!! Cherry Poppin Daddies did not RECORD a swing album as some uninformed people might believe , Zoot Suit Riot is a compilation of their PREVIOUSLY RECORDED swing songs . Swing , although it is enjoyable , is a passing fad . SKA is here to stay and so are the Cherry Poppin Daddies !
 Setzer , Big BadVoodoo Daddy , Cherry Poppin Daddies , This is the greatest since Miller . Can , t get enough . Hope it doesn `` t die . Let 's enjoy while we can . Drums Horns and strings meld into pure movement .
 This CD was good !! I love Craig Hayes and his group . You guys should go and buy it !!!
 This is a truly fine and unusual album . Not only is it great Charlie Parker ; it is also great Charlie Parker well before the culminating 52nd street Bebop frenzy set in . That happened in 1952-3 , and these sessions are recorded in 1945 , 1947 , and 1948 . Do n't get me wrong . I love Bop , and you can hear a lot of Bip-boppin ' emerging on many of the songs on this CD , -LRB- e.g. , `` Donna Lee . '' -RRB- I do hold that the frenzy at Mindy 's and clubs nearby was terribly hard on the music as well as the musicians . Few would dispute the second point . The massive drug use in particular spelled premature death for all too many boppers in the Fifties . They kicked before they were fairly started.I will also say what many refuse to say , that the music was also as often crippled as it was enhanced by drugs . Both Powell and Parker , in particular , would start high , gleam sharp and beautiful in spurts , and then end in splattering , even repetitive confusion.You will find none of that on these songs . They are disciplined , yet creative . They are occasionally `` rough '' as compared with what the few survivors such as Dizz later produced . Yet the energy and collaborative creativity overall are amazingly intense . No wavering or wandering due to extra stimulants here.Collaboration is the key word.Again , by the early Fifties bop had largely become a music of inspired solos . Sure there was a chorus theme that all returned to in between solos , but that chorus increasingly became perfunctory , like a book end , to separate this brilliant soloing book from that.This is emphatically not the case in these sessions . The group blowing is just as inspired as the solos.Collaboration . This is not a Bird album , or even , despite the title , a Bird/Davis album . Each cut is a group effort , with every member equally important , all the time.And what groups ! Beyond the title two there 's Max Roach , Bud Powell , Dizzy Gillespie , and John Lewis ... and that 's just the famous ones . The others include Curley Russell , Nelson Boyd , and Tom Potter , all primo bassists - and Duke Jordan , a terrifically sensitive pianist ... they all contribute just as much as those who later became famous.What you 're getting here is a deeply exciting listen to all these fabulous musicians , who , young as some of them were -LRB- Miles was only 18 in 1945 -RRB- , were each master of his instrument and vision , and already well under way on his musical journey.Here you will find brilliantly fresh examples of what would become Bop standards
 There is some brilliant techno/electronica coming out of Australia at present and this is a fine example of what 's available.I wo n't bother trying to pick out any standout tracks , as all of them have something worthwhile to offer . As a ` concept album ' with a socio-political theme it could be ho-hum , but it convincingly manages to musically paint a picture of societal and environmental degradation that reflects our current consumer-driven ` grasp-at-all-costs ' world mentality.Stark and menancing electronica at its best , beats are used to punctuate the industrial edge that builds up throughout each track . There are musical journeys through both claustrophobia and agoraphobia here . The message is most certainly one of inevitable and unremitting decline and the last track ` The new dark age ' has a palpable sense of loss and menace.Brilliant - buy it !!! PS There is more engaging and intelligent electronica and techno from Australia available at the Psy-Harmonics website - www.psy-harmonics.com.au . Try - Shaolin Wooden Men ; Grey Area ; Hesius Dome ; Ollie Olsen ; Ornament and the Psy-Harmonics samplers - to name but a few . If you buy this CD and like it you will enjoy all of the above!PPS I have no interest in the Psy-H organisation , other than being an avid fan of their catalogue .
 This album is fantastic . Beautifully crafted and skillfully mixed , this album is an often-overlooked masterpiece . David Thrussel says all he needs to say without the use of vocals/lyrics , something that is difficult to accomplish . Dark and brooding , while at times being confusing , TCDA evokes every emotion from fear to anger to ecstacy.I do n't really need to bother highlighting the best tracks ... every song is amazing . The album would be considered experimental and strange to most electronic music fans , but Thrussel has been doing this for years and no longer needs to experiment ; he 's got it down to a science .
 This is the sound of the 21st century grinding to a catastrophic halt with the end of fossil fuels and the subsequent collapse of civilization . This is easily David Thrussell 's best work , both conceptually and musically , and quite possibly the best electronic record of 2005 ... highly recommended !
 This is the perfect gift for parents of toddlers and preschoolers . My 4-yr-old son came from China in May and he already knows all of SS 's letters and numbers of the day , and he has learned words and whole phrases from the episodes . Admittedly , he watches these videos over and over -LRB- and over and over and over -RRB- , but they 're great educational tools and you do n't have to worry about violence , sex , guns , or the underrepresentation of most any groups -LRB- at least in the newest skits -RRB- . Yes - I have to read while he watches SS because I now know every single line , but long after his love for other movies has gone , he still clings to SS . I have nothing bad to say about SS.My highest recommendation !
 TV Fun Pack Volume 1 and 2 are packs of episodes from the 2006-2007 season . Now that Genius is handling the DVD distribution of Sesame Street , they should produce seasdon sets , so we can get uncut episodes for our children to watch . These TV Fun packs are a great value . It 's a shame there are n't more out there .
 These three episodes are great . I have been out of the loop and had no idea prior to this year who Abby even was not to mention where she came from . I loved seeing the episode where she moves to Sesame Street to give me some background . Also , I love anything with Amy Sedaris so also a fantastic episode .
 It 's great having Sesame Street on demand so that I 'm not tied to a programming schedule . I just wish Sesame Workshop would come out with more full length episode packs to purchase .
 My daughter loves the sesame street characters and they are really educational . She has learnt her ABCs from Sesame Street .
 another must have if ur kids love Sesame Street ! I would like to see more of these soon !
 These are great learning DVD 's for children.They are a series of different episodes that were aired on TV , so it provides a large variety of material to help children learn .
 Bella Musica is like a long lost Cafe Del Mar album . Laidback , soothing , eclectic -LRB- tracks range from jazz , trip-hop , bossanova , downtempo -RRB- . Truly and classic Jose Padilla , from start to end . I found album is more captivating than the three latest Cafe Del Mar installments -LRB- doce , trece , and XIV -- btw these albums werent compiled by either Jose Padilla or Bruno -RRB- . There is now Bella Musica 2 but this first album is stronger . Definitely a keeper to all chillout collectors out there .
 Tracklist :1 . Sleep Will Come 2 . Breathe 3 . Right Here 4 . Dunia 5 . Song for Olabi 6 . With U Were There 7 . Kissing 8 . Evening Sun 9 . Manvantara 10 . Wish U Were Here 11 . Do n't Look Back 12 . Quiet Letter ------------------------------------------------------------ If you 're looking at this album , you 've probably heard `` Kissing '' from one of the 30 compilations that it was on . Or maybe `` Song for Olabi '' which was on the CSI Soundtrack . Or even `` Breathe '' `` Wish U Were Here '' or `` Manvantara '' from one of the many compilations they are on.Reguardless how you came across Bliss , just be thankful you did . This group , featuring heavenly vocals by Sophie Barker -LRB- Zero 7 , -RRB- has perhaps made the absolute best Chill Out songs ever heard . They combine tribal drums , deep bass , catchy melodies , and beautiful vocals to create atmosphere from dense jungles to romance at the beach.Just because you already have `` Kissing '' or some other song on a compilation , do n't think `` Well this is probably they 're only good song . . '' because it is not . Every single song on this CD is better than the last , and absolutely none are fillers . Plus the quality of this CD is superb . It does n't just surround you . . it goes into you , as if it has 3D depth.So , go ahead ! Buy it ! You 're life will never be the same once you 've experienced these 12 tracks -LRB- 70 minutes -RRB- of Bliss
 Yes it is album of the year - voted by DJ Ravin at Buddah BarIt took me nearly a year to get at copy of Bliss.They are already a big compilation hit especially `` Kissing `` For me Sleep Will Come , Do n't look back , Kissing are my favorite.But it 's hard to find an album today were every track are sostrong as the tracks are here , listen to song for Olabi its a lovely journey with only percussion and chords - love it , also used in C.S.I -LRB- Crime serie -RRB- . a blissful fan
 I found Quiet Letters in Paris , and listened to it on a summer trip in Europe . It somehow has a wondeful mix of beats , textures and voice . I 'd never heard anything like it and it 's led me into the world of ambient and chilled music . I ca n't wait for their next release . It is of a whole and I do n't think single tracks should be isolated ... Right now it is the soundtrack to my life and I hope you 'll enjoy it too .
 I first encountered Bliss via their appearance onDJ Ravin 's `` Siddharta '' album . The featured piece , `` Wish U Were Here '' , is utterly mesmerising.As the promo caption reads , this album is `` like asoundtrack to a movie you 've never seen . '' It ` sdifficult to place this album in a specific genre.Theatrical instrumentals juxtaposed with a mix ofbreathy English female vocals -LRB- a la Morcheeba or Dido -RRB- , and haunting African crooners , blend smoothly to takethe listener into his private dream world . Sit backand chill out . This is truly music for dreams .
 I have heard Bliss over and over on Buddha Bar CDs , I never knew who it was til I heard Kissing on Sirius ' chill station . Bliss transports you into a different land . Their vocals are so beautifully peaceful not taking away from the instruments but but complimenting them in a way few can acheive . I will be buying anything from Bliss that i can get my hands on now !
 This album is on track to be one of my Top 3 of 2004 . It is a masterpiece from beginning end . It is the perfect soundtrack for a drive through the country at sunset , or at home with candles flickering and wine . It is lush , mult-layered , and truly gorgeous . It is VERY hard to find however , and if you come across it - definitely snap it up . I would absolutely give this disc as a gift to others with an appreciation for music of emotion and depth .
 Quiet letters is intelligent , sophisticated chill . Introspective and airy without a trace of sap , this is a must have for anyone who has the incessant need to chillax .
 Hear them on Pandora radio had to have the complete album . It is just great music to listen to while designing
 This should be categorized not in Dance/DJ genre but under New Age music genre . I like this music it 's so serene . First heard it on Pandora .
 I absolutely love this album ! It 's quiet but not like the silent quiet . It 's like you can soak yourself into the music and let your thought flow freely . Every time I listen to the album , I lose track of time -LRB- in a good way . -RRB-
 This music is so lovely . Slip it on , lie back with a glass of red and your favourite lover ...
 I would call it a nice bridge between electronic and world/new age type of music . Although it has more electronic than world elements in it I think it can be equally enjoyed by fans of both genres . One thing that some people might find interesting is that `` evening sun '' is actually a song by Gemma Hayes -LRB- correct me if I 'm wrong -RRB- and it is really really beautiful in original version .
 Having read such great reviews i was a little disappointed after hearing the CD , most likely the reviews are by much older people like in their late 40s and up and European . I had heard the song Kissing before and thought it was a great song and Breathe is n't too bad but the rest of the CD is no where close to Kissing in style or quality . Not only that , the version of kissing on this CD is n't quite as good as the other version I had heard . The only thing that makes this CD stand out are the great vocals but other than that , the instrumentals are n't really anything new . The CD has a very European or Italian feel to it with the instruments that are used . I like the use of the deep sounding bass but hopefully next time there will be better quality songs with less chanting and that European sounding instrument . But being this was a European release I guess I 'm asking for too much . Still a nice relaxing CD .
 I bought this DVD and the 3 others in the same series about 3 years ago when my kids were younger . They loved them right away and they still watch and love them now -LRB- they 're 4 and 5 now -RRB- . So I bought a second set for one of my friends who just had a baby . Each DVD features 3 little stories , 15 minutes each so you can decide to let them watch as little as 15 minutes or as much as 45 minutes , according to their age or attention span . The DVDs mix real footage of animals and nature settings with animation , and it 's very well made . It finds the right balance between entertainment and education , and it 's totally age-appropriate ; you do n't have to stand guard with the remote in hand ready to fast-forward through some -LRB- even if very slightly -RRB- scary or inappropriate part that I still find regularly in many of the classic kid 's DVDs .
 What a great addition to our library 's DVD titles for children ! I saw this series in a catalog and had to order it !
 This CD illustrates Arturo 's extraordinary trumpet playing ability while providing even listeners who only moderatly like jazz great songs such as Maria and My Way . If you are a fan of jazz , his songs and especially the classic A Night in Tunisia will fulfill your desires . All songs showcase Sandoval 's diversity and ability . If your a trumpet player , you will be impressed and astonished , but this CD will be enjoyable to all who appreciate and enjoy music .
 Simply put , Arturo Sandoval is one of the most amazing musicians of our time . This CD puts together some of his best work , although several tracks lack the Cuban `` essence '' that go with most of his songs . It is truly outstanding none the less . During Sandovals ' cadenza on `` A Night in Tunisia '' , you can hear someone in the audience yell out `` Damn ! '' after one of his famed high notes ... well put . This is one CD that 's absolutely worth buying .
 If you saw his movie -LRB- For Love Or Country-great movie -RRB- and you like jazz music with an awesome trumpet player than you will love this C.D. . There is very little vocal , instead the trumpet is the lead singer . There are many other outstanding musicians and instruments that make this a great C.D. I bought the soundtrack from Love Or Country and was very dissapointed , but this C.D. more than made up for it . If you want more big band jazz/trumpet music than my second recommendation would be Cubanismo by Jesus Alemany
 This is one of the top jazz trumpets I have ever heard ! Sandoval 's technial ability and his range just topples me ! He is much better than Maynard Feguson , I believe Sandoval has an octave above Ferguson . You can really hear his ability in the song A Night in Tunisia . Sandoval takes one lick and plays it i 3 DIFFERENT OCTAVES !!! His skill is beyond anything else i have ever heard . I hope to see him live soon .
 If you like a good jazz trumpet player this album is a must . Big band sound . I wish he was able to exit Cuba before now because his music is a treat to listen to . He has a set of chops on him that wo n't quit . This is my first album of his and it wo n't be my last .
 I am a classical trumpet player who was considering playing jazz . Once I heard this CD , I was hooked . Arturo has inspired me to add Jazz to my repertoire . His range is the largest I 've ever heard . At the end of `` A Night in Tunisia , '' Arturo has a dual with an electric guitar -LRB- and wins -RRB- . He goes up and beyond anything I imagined possible with the trumpet , as well as low . The very last not that he plays in `` A Night in Tunisia '' is so low that it sounds more like an electric bass than a trumpet . While he does have the bright tone of a Jazz player , Arturo also has a rich dark sound in `` Maria . '' I do n't think I 've ever heard a song with more feeling put into than when Arturo plays `` Maria . '' He simply breaks the physics of trumpet playing .
 Arturo is an outstanding trumpet percussion and piano player !!!!! He can Blaze Thru afro-cuban music classical straight ahead jazz and acid jazz . He is such a well rounded musician . and almost everyone can agree with me when I say Hes TOO HOT TO TOUCH !!!
 While strugling in Cuba , and before his move to the US , Arturo seemed to be more passionate with his trumpet . This album shows his capabilities and , although not the wildest efforts , demonstrates the reason he is among the top ever trumpeters . DC
 We had Daffy Dave perform at my daughter 's 4th birthday a few months ago . The show was entertaining to kids and adults alike -LRB- lesson learned
 Let me just say this cd is AWESOME ! I never was a country fan . But when I listend to this , I was amazed ! It is just GREAT ! * This Kiss * is an awesome song , along with * Just to hear you say that you love me * with Tim McGraw ! I GIVE IT TWO THUMBS UP ! I think it is a CD for everyone !!!
 Faith Hill has her own stlye , her own look and a lovely innocence about her that is very appelaing and comes out clearly in her music . looking forward to much more from her >
 I bought the Sountrack from Message in a Bottle and I am drawn to Faith Hill 's song Let Me Let Go . Need to go out and buy the CD `` Faith '' . She has a great voice and I can just imagine what the CD sounds like . I am very pleased so far .
 I would just like to say that I HATED all country music as a stereotype before one of my friends , Shauna , had me listen to Faith Hill 's album Faith . I was absolutly amazed it was one of the best musical works I have ever listened to the mixture of different love songs and songs about life was great . I must say I am very interested in country music now almost completely because of this CD . I definitly recommend this album to EVERYONE !
 This CD is complete with totally original songs with Faith Hill 's inspiring voice . Her way of singing is only comparable to that of her husband . They are a dynamic duo and I give her and her husband ***** for their perfomances .
 Faith Hill amazed the world with her first two albums , Take Me As I Am and It Matters To Me , now her life has changed . She is a wife to Tim McGraw and a mother of two beautiful girls and her happiness is reflected in this album . It is covered with love songs , and not just ballads . There are songs with a story , songs with a moral , but most of all , everysong will leave you rewinding the tape to hear it again . Thank you to Faith Hill for one of the most amazing collections of music i have ever heard . Oh , and in case you could n't tell , Faith Hill is my favorite singer . : -RRB-
 ` Faith ' is definitely more pop/rock oriented , but it is still good enough to please even the most dedicated country music fan . Faith Hill takes her music to a whole new level with this CD . I hope many of the songs will become popular because even the ones that have not been played on the radio yet get stuck in your head . It is a very long CD , with 12 songs which run over 50 minutes , and it is worth it .
 Faith Hill has produced 3 powerful CD 's altogether , however this is the best . Let Me Let Go is a great ballad for people trying to get over previous breakups . This Kiss and Just to Hear You Say That You Love Me are for people in love as well as searching for that special love . Her other songs are wonderful but these three stand out the most . I thought she might not make a good one because of her marriage and child but she surprised me and caught me off guard . I salute to you Faith Hill !!! Keep up the great work .
 This is my first Faith CD and I must say I 'm surprised . Definitely better than I expected . The songs are all strong in their way and would potentially make good singles . Strong vocals , snappy tunes and fun lyrics make this a very pleasant listen ...
 Anyone who does not own this album is really missing something . Faith Hill 's voice is so strong and clear ; every song has a purpose . You got ta have it .
 FAITH HILL SHE TURNED ME ON TO COUNTRY ... A VERY FINE CD THERES JUST SOMETHING ABOUT FAITH , HER MUSIC ANYTHING BY HER IS A NO BRAINER GET IT ...
 On her latest CD entitled `` Faith , '' Faith Hill shows there 's more to her than the smash single `` This Kiss . '' The opening track is a great song , but `` Faith '' has sleeper tracks on it as well . Her current single , `` The Secret of Life , '' is arguably the CD 's best and most introspective song , but `` Faith '' is ideal for listeners who are or want to feel like they 're in love , as demonstrated by the songs `` Just to Hear You Say That You Love Me , '' `` I Love You , '' `` You Give Me Love '' and `` Love Ai n't Like That . '' `` The Hard Way , '' with its uptempo beat and fiddle solo , sounds like something John Mellencamp could have done . With its country flavor and pop hooks , `` Faith '' is Hill 's most mature work to date and will please both country and pop fans alike .
 It was a long wait between the release of FAITH and her last album IT MATTERS TO ME . Faith had a baby in between and was pregnant during the promotion of this album -LRB- see the Just To Hear You Say That You Love Me video -RRB- . Her last album was a huge hit , but nothing compared to what would come . `` This Kiss '' was the first single from FAITH and it exploded ! Not just on country radio either , it was a crossover smash as well . `` Let Me Let Go '' was also another crossover hit , a hit on both markets . The album is filled with good songs . There are so many potential singles , it 's surprising which ones they chose . The singles were `` This Kiss '' , `` Let Me Let Go '' , `` Just To Hear You Say That You Love Me '' -LRB- with Tim McGraw -RRB- , `` The Secret of Life '' and `` Love Ai n't Like That '' . My favorite song on the album is the uptempo song `` The Hard Way '' which is one of the strongest tracks on the album . She closes the album with the Sheryl Crow penned `` Somebody Stand By Me '' , in which she gives a show stopping performance . There 's some fluffy songs on here like `` Me '' , a cover of Celine Dion 's `` I Love You '' , and more . Other highlights include `` My Wild Frontier '' , `` Better Days '' and `` You Give Me Love '' . Faith 's star just kept growing after this album !
 We thoroughly enjoyed the songs , especially a wonderful haunting melody called `` My Wild Frontier . '' My 15 y/o daughter aspires to follow in Faith 's footsteps one day and as a tribute to her 97 year old Great Grandfather -LRB- my beloved Grandpa -RRB- we are desparately attempting to find sheet music on the song , better yet the recorded music itself , as she hopes to sing this beautiful song at his memorial June 30th . Can anyone help us ?
 I LOVE THIS CD ! It has all sorts of songs on it . `` I Love You '' a 5 minutes + song , is one of the best despite its length . These songs are perfect for her . Although much of the cd is taken up by Faith going `` Oh ho '' and `` wo wo '' , I think shes a better singer than her husband -LRB- no offense Tim -RRB- .
 Probably the best album she has ever recorded . Shows her true vocal ability , variation in style , and range of music . A drop dead gorgeous album .
 great to listen to . musically inspiring
 This album has variety , and the variety keeps my interest . Up tempo , slow tempo , the gospel sound -LRB- Somebody Stand Beside Me -RRB- , a duet -LRB- with her husband -RRB- , several styles of love songs , and a thought provoking look at the secret of life through the eyes of a bartender and two of his bar steadies . I really enjoy all of the songs , especially `` The Secret of Life '' . The song choice and the variety in the songs may be the heart and soul of the album . Each song is so different in style , and this gives Faith the opportunity to show how versatile she is as a singer . She sings with emotion , with heart , with high energy , a story telling style -LRB- `` The Secret of Life '' -RRB- , and a gospel style . Wonderful delivery on every song ! Faith 's voice and vocal style could easily allow her to sing mainstream pop -LRB- as she does with `` This Kiss '' -RRB- , but the solid lyrics and the awesome fiddle work give this listener the distinct impression that he is still listening to `` Country Music '' . This album may differ from her last -LRB- `` It Matters to Me '' -RRB- , but I believe it is , both , an acceptable and pleasant addition to the country music industry . Another well done and well produced piece of music by Faith Hill and the Gallimore group . It is one of my favorites , and deserves the 5 star rating .
 In the 1990s , the Country Music began to go through some transitions . Country music which had for the most part stayed in a vacuum began to go mainstream and embrace other genres of music . As a result , the sound started to change . One artist that led this transition was Faith Hill . Faith Hill had previously released two albums , but it was her 1998 breakthrough album `` Faith '' that helped her break into mainstream music . Surprisingly , while `` Faith '' did cross-over into the mainstream , there still is a strong country element on this album.By no means do I consider myself a Country Music expert . The nice thing about `` Faith '' is that I believe it caters to a fan like myself that may not be deep into Country Music , but can appreciate many of the elements Country Music can bring to the table . While `` Faith '' could be directed to a more casual fan like myself , I think the collection does an admirable job at addressing the fan who is deeper when it comes to the Country Music genre . Faith Hill brings an interesting formula to this album . Faith 's role on the collection is primarily of vocalist . Since she is focused on vocals , she is dependent on a solid cast of characters -LRB- musicians and songwriters -RRB- to support her effort . On `` Faith '' , this does n't appear to be a problem . She is surrounded by many top notch studio musicians and is given an oustanding slate of songs to work with . Given this solid infrastructure , Faith is able to provide stellar vocals and produce a great product . The interesting twist to this formula is that Faith Hill is a co-producer on all 12 songs . Therefore she just is n't a `` vocalist for hire '' . She ultimately is deciding what the songs should be and how the final product should sound . This is why `` Faith '' is a solid collection . `` This Kiss '' was the song that made Faith Hill a household name on the mainstream music scene . This was also the song that was my first introduction to Faith Hill . In 1998 , I first heard this song on the radio and it completely blew me away . One reason why this song made it into the mainstream arena is that it does have qualities that make it sound like a `` pop '' song . However , there is a true country element to this song - complete with Steel Guitar and Fiddle -LRB- played by Glen Duncan -RRB- . This instrumentation gives the song a most unique flavor . The song features some very clever and catchy lyrics such as `` It 's a centrifugal motion ; It 's perpetual bliss ; It 's that pivotal moment '' . The vocals are delivered with a very up-tempo pace -LRB- with little rests between the words -RRB- and that also contribute to the unique flavor . This song features some great background vocals by Chris Rodriguez -LRB- who provides background vocals on several other songs on the album -RRB- and Beth Nielson Chapman -LRB- who is a co-writer for this song -RRB- . At first , upon purchasing `` Faith '' , I expected it would basically be `` This Kiss '' and not much else . However , after my first listen to this collection - I realized that this was not the case . There were many other terrific songs that are included on this collection . The second song `` You Give Me Love '' is also pretty catchy . This has much more of a country element on this song . This song is highlighted by some terrific drums and more Fiddle by Glen Duncan.Although not as catchy a song , `` Let Me Let Go '' is worth mentioning . The highlight of this particular song is background vocals by Vince Gill . Gill is a master in the domain of steering Country Music toward the mainstream , but not abandoning the Country Music element . This song clearly has a Country Element and it works . This song also features a string section of viola players . The Country Music element is alive and well in the song `` Better Days '' . This song was co-written by former Fleetwood Mac vocalist Billy Burnette . This song also features Duncan 's Fiddle.The Country Music element is also present in the song `` My Wild Frontier '' . This is a powerful and sad song about a woman , who with her family moves into the Canadian Prairie . Tragedy then strikes when the woman 's baby son dies in his sleep . This song is a great example of some of how a very well written song is made even better by some very emotional and powerful vocals by Faith.The best song on the album is `` The Secret of Life '' . This song was co-written by Gretchen Peters , who is a songwriter that worked with Bryan Adams on `` On a Day Like Today '' and his `` Unplugged '' album . The song is about exactly what the title says - telling little bits on what `` the secret of life is '' . No loss of a solid country feel in this song - including more great fiddle by Duncan . Simple lyrics like `` The Secret of Life is in Sam 's Martini '' -LRB- Sam is a character that is referred to in the song -RRB- or `` The Secret of Life is a Good Cup of Coffee '' give this song a very special quality.Two other country element songs are that are solid are `` Just to Hear You Say That You Love Me '' and `` The Hard Way '' . In `` Just to Hear You Say You Love Me '' , Faith does a terrific duet with her husband Tim McGraw . As for `` The Hard Way '' , this is very powerful song -LRB- more great Fiddle -RRB- and is best described by the lyrics `` I Keep Livin and Lovin and Learnin The Hard Way '' . Finally , `` Me '' is another good song - this song has more of a pop element and deals with a woman changing who she is.On a side note , Sheryl Crow is a co-writer of `` Somebody Stand By Me '' . Not a great song , but worth mentioning.All of the lyrics , studio musicians , songwriting and production credits are listed in the liner notes . This album should appeal to Country Music and Mainstream fans . Highly Recommended .
 Ah , Faith Hill , one of the most standout of country 's ladies for quite awhile now . This album , ` Faith ' , began her incredible rise to full fledged pop diva , thanks in no small part to the infectious crossover record ` This Kiss ' , and the heartbreaking ballad ` Let Me Let Go ' . The former of which still notches up a good bit of radio airplay every now and again.It 's obvious with this assortment of songs , that Faith is a pop singer in a country star 's body . Alot like Olivia Newton-John , a sweet voiced blonde crossover queen . I do n't see why she gets so much flack for it either , the tunes are excellent and the vocals are always perfect.All the songs on this release prove to be strong , energetic rockers like ` The Secret Of Life ' , ` Me ' , and ` The Hard Way ' are mixed in with warm ballads like ` You Give Me Love ' , ` Love Ai n't Like That ' , ` My Wild Frontier ' , and the Diane Warren penned Tim McGraw duet ` Just To Hear You Say That You Love Me ' . My absolute favorite cut is a ballad I mentioned earlier , ` Let Me Let Go ' . Such a killer song that one.The album closes with a tune pulled from the pen of none other than Sheryl Crow called ` Somebody Stand By Me ' . The perfect tune to exit with , it leaves you wanting more Faith . If you 're really hungry for more , pick-up this album 's two smash follow-ups - ` Breathe ' and ` Cry ' . Both continue taking Faith down a pop road she chartered here , and like this release , they are excellent . Truly the princess of country pop .
 This album entertains you from start to finish . Ms. Hill has an excellent voice and the music is very upbeat and well orchestrated . `` Just to Here You Say You Love Me '' with Tim McGraw is just an outstanding song . `` Let Me Let Go '' is also a top notch song , and `` This Kiss '' is very catchy . If you are going to buy an album by Faith Hill , this one is much better than her current album entitled `` Breathe . ''
 I 'm not a country fan at all and I only of country music because of Shania Twain . However , I heard `` Let Me Let Go '' on some show and it stayed with me so long that I had to dig it up who sung it . Then , I went to the local library to find this album . I play it on random and `` Just To Hear You Say That You Love Me '' comes on first and from that moment on , I do n't think I listened to any other song for weeks except for that song . Best Faith Hill song ever , better than `` Breathe '' better than `` Cry '' . I bought this CD because of that song .
 I bought this album not knowing anything about Faith Hill beyond that the track `` This Kiss '' was on this album . I still remember listening to this album the first time , I could not stop listening to the songs , as one finished an even better one started . `` This Kiss '' is a lovely pop song , but there are a number of songs on this album which are great songs , not just great pop or country songs . My personal favourites are `` The Secret Of Life '' which has wonderful lyrics and melodies , `` Love Ai n't Like That '' , which has lyrics that match the best Beatles love songs , `` My Wild Frontier '' , with its beautiful guitar chords and Faith Hill 's aching voice wrapped around it , and `` You Give Me Love '' , which has a happy , buoyant sound , the kind of thing you listen to on the first day of summer ! Each one of these songs could have been released progressively on future albums , as that album 's `` star '' song . Its incredible that you get all these songs on one album . If you think that country music is boring , maybe this album will change your mind . I 'm hoping her next album is just as good .
 I purchased this CD today on the strength of `` This Kiss '' and `` Let Me Let Go '' . As a rock fan , I was slightly skeptical , but I love Shania Twain , so I gave it a shot . I put in the CD player , listened to the whole thing , then proceeded to play it again . Every song on here is exceptional . My Wild Frontier and I Love You both tell wonderful stories , and the rest of the songs are easy to relate to . Ms. Hill is incredibly talented singer who deserves every bit of recognition she gets .
 The song `` Just say you loveme '' with Tim McGraw , shouldbe everyones song if you are in LOVE ... This should be the song of the century!And my 3 sons can sing the words to This Kiss ... Thanks Faith for singing such great songs !
 Faith Hill 's third self-titled disc is an amazing CD . Her voice sounds superb on all of them , and each one has great meaning . I highly recommend this disc for everyone , whether you like country or not because it is great for all people . Here is a breakdown of the songs :01 . `` This Kiss '' ~ I love this song ! This was one of the first songs that I ever heard of her 's , and it is so amazing . The woman in the song is so in love , and the kiss and chemistry between her and her guy are so great . `` It 's the way you love me ; It 's a feeling like this ; It 's centrifugal motion ; It 's perpetual bliss ; It 's that pivotal moment ; It 's impossible ; This kiss , this kiss -LRB- unstoppable -RRB- ; This kiss , this kiss '' . This is a great love song .02 . `` You Give Me Love '' ~ I love this song ! It is a very sweet , slow , romantic song that is perfect for many people . It talks about how this girl is loved so much by her guy even when other things may be and are going wrong or it does n't seem so . `` You turn around , then you ask me behind tears of doubt ; Just what do I see in you ; Please do n't cry ; I know sometimes it seems we barely get by ; But you do n't see how much you do to get me through ; When the world is cold , and I need a friend to hold ; You give me love , you give me love ; And when my hope is gone , and I feel I ca n't go on ; You pick me up ; You give me love , you give me love '' .03 . `` Let Me Let Go '' ~ This is one of the most beautiful slow songs ever of her 's ! A relationship is over , but he still has control over her and is part of her because she ca n't forget him , so she is pleading to forget him . `` I thought it was over , baby ; We said our goodbyes ; But I ca n't go a day without your face goin ' through my mind ; In fact , not a single minute passes without you in it ; Your voice , your touch , memories of your love ; Are with me all of the time ; Let me let go , baby ; Let me let go ; If this is for the best , why are you still in my heart ; Are you still in my soul ; Let me let go '' .04 . `` Love Ai n't Like That '' ~ This is a beautiful love song talking about how love takes time and hard work . `` You ca n't buy it at the store , try it on for size , then take it back if it do n't feel right ; No love , love ai n't like that ... It do n't fall from the sky like a tiny drop of rain ; That hits you right between the eyes one day ; No love , love ai n't like that ; You ca n't put your money down ; An ' just roll the dice ; Think you 're gon na win it all some night ; No love , love ai n't like that ; Love ai n't that easy to define ; You ca n't build it by design ; It takes its own sweet time '' . A very beautiful song with a great message .05 . `` Better Days '' ~ This is a very beautiful and inspirational song . The message is very positive , and it 's about how you should n't get so discouraged because even though you are have difficulties in the present , your future will have better and great days . `` Hard times are fallin ' on you ; Even when you smile , I see the hurt come through ; And I know it feels like it 's never gon na end ; You say nothin 's been right for a long time ; And every step you take is an uphill clim ; I see you 're reachin ' out , so let me tell you friend ; Better days are comin ' around ; I know you feel like the whole world 's gona and let you down ; Better day they 're comin ' for you ; I know they will 'cause I 'll be right here makin ' sure they do ; And if your sky ai n't lookin ' the fairest , there ai n't no reason to be embarrassed ; Ai n't nobody in the world ai n't felt the rain from time to time ; And just when you think it 's all over and done ; The nights get easier one by one ; So take my hand and hold on tight , and soon you 're gon na find ... '' . I love this song and its message .06 . `` My Wild Frontier '' ~ This is an okay song , but it 's also by far the worst song on the disc . A woman feels so alone and has to get through things , but she and her guy are together and are for each other . `` How do I feel ? Well , I feel so alone ; Like a sad armadillo across this desert I roam ; I 've been stripped down , bare , til I break ; Still the wheel keeps turning ... And there were highways to get across ; And places far from here ; And I was his lonesome prairie ; And he was my wild frontier '' .07 . `` The Secret Of Life '' ~ This is a good song talking about how even though people think there is , there really is n't a secret to life and happiness . `` The secret of life is gettin ' up early ; The secret of life is stayin ' up late ; The secret of life is try not to hurry ; But do n't wait , do n't wait ; The secret of life is a good cup of coffee ; The secret of life is keep your eye on the ball ; The secret of life is to find the right woman ; The secret of life is nothin ' at all ; Oh , it nothin ' at all '' .08 . `` Just To Hear You Say That You Love Me '' ~ One of my favorite Faith Hill songs ever , as well as one of my favorite duets ! This song is pure beauty and a great love/wedding song . It 's about how you 'd do anything for the person you love just to hear that they love you too . `` If I could win your heart ; If you 'd let me in your heart ; I 'd be so happy , baby ; Just for these arms to be ; Holding you close to me ; There 's nothing in this world I wo n't try ; No limit to what I 'd do to make you mine , 'cause ; I 'd climb right up to the sky ; I 'd take down the stars ; Just to be in your arms , baby ; I 'd go and capture the moon ; That 's what I would do ; Just to hear you say that you love me ; Just to hear you say that you love me '' .09 . `` Me '' ~ I love this song so much ! It has a very positive message about self-acceptance and accepting others how they are . `` Me , that 's all I have to give ; What you get is what you see , yeah ; No second guessing , no pretending ; With you , all I ever have to be is me ; I can laugh or cry , do n't have to hide ; The way I feel ; Rain or shine , by my side , proving we 've got ; A love that 's real ; An old pair of jeans or an evening gown ; You still see the same girl that you found '' .10 . `` I Love You '' ~ Another beautiful love song about how this girl loves this guy so much , and she wants him to love her also . I highly relate to this song , and I think a lot of other people could too . `` I must be crazy now ; Maybe I dream too much ; But whn I think of you , I long to feel your touch ; To whisper in your ear ; Words that are old as time ; Words only you would hear ; If only you were mine ; I wish I could go back ; To the very first day I saw you ; Should 've made my move when you looked in my eyes ; Cause by now I know that ; You 'd feel the way that I do ; And you 'd whisper these words ; As you lie here by my side ; I love you , please say you love me too ; These three words , they could change our lives forever ; And I promise you that we will always be together ; Till the end of time '' .11 . `` The Hard Way '' ~ This is a good song about how this woman really loves this man even though he is n't good to or for her , and that makes her life hard . `` I hear every word they say ; They tell me to stay away ; They say I 'm better off without you , baby ; You 've caused me nothing but pain ; Heartache 's your middle name ; But seems I never see it coming ; I 'll just admit it baby ; You really drive me crazy ; Let go of my heart ; Cause every time you 're near me ; I ca n't think clearly ; Defenses fall apart ; I keep livin ' and lovin ' and learnin ' the hard way ; You 're the hardest lesson , baby , of my life ; I keep livin ' and lovin ' and learnin ' the hard way ; Someday , baby , I will get it right '' .12 . `` Somebody Stand By Me '' ~ This is another beautiful and highly-relatable song about how this person feels so alone but wants somebody to stand by them and support them one day . `` I 've been this alone for so long ; I 'm beginning to wonder why ; I stand in one place ; Different name , different face ; But no one 's gon na see me break down and cry ; Wo n't somebody stand by me ; Stand by me just one time ; Wo n't somebody stand by me ; Stand by me just one time '' . This is a beautiful song about needing support , especially when all alone.Overall , this is an terrific collection of beautiful inspirational and love songs matched with an exquisite voice . I highly recommend this disc for everyone , regardless of age , gender , or preferred type of music . I believe everyone would enjoy this music , and the songs are all highly relatable and easy to get into .
 This album is n't quite as good as Faith 's first two . The lyrics to songs are more commonplace at times . The album as a whole is shading toward pop or easy listening . There are more filler songs on this album , a longer album than the first 2 . Here are notable songs : This Kiss - very well sung love tuneYou Give Me LoveLove Ai n't Like ThatWild Frontier - slow . singer is exploring life with her loverSecret of Life - good remake of the Gretchen Peters songHard Way - an excellent energetic song
 Man , what a fun album . This one had so many hits , thus staying in the cd player for a long time . At the time this album came out , I had just finished highschool , and my older sister and I were taking road trips to my parents lakehouse , and needless to say this cd got a lot of play.Such fun songs like `` This Kiss '' , `` The Secret of life -LRB- shows her sultry voice -RRB- , and `` Just to hear you say that you love me '' . Faith has a dynamic voice !
 After a long two and a half year wait , Faith Hill returned with this album , which would prove to be a huge success for her . At this point in country music , pop was the crossover of choice and Faith embraced that change with this album . The first single This Kiss became a huge hit for Faith Hill , which allowed her to crossover to pop territory . Included in this album is the Diane Warren penned hit Just to Hear You Say That You Love Me , which features Tim McGraw on backing vocals . This album has a lot of promise in its material , songs like The Hard Way , You Give Me Love , Somebody Stand By Me , Let Me Let Go -LRB- with Vince Gill -RRB- , etc. . This is another fun album like her last to listen to , a must have .
 Faith 's first attempt at a more pop sound . On the whole , this is a good album . Her singing is good as are the songs , although I am sure there are a lot of die-hard country fans out there that are disappointed with it . `` Let me Let go '' and `` The kiss '' were the 2 big hits on here , but there are other songs just as memorable . The 16 page booklet includes all lyrics and a few colourful photos of Faith .
 I bought ` Faith ' on the strength of the song ` This Kiss ' , not expecting the other tracks to be anywhere near as good but I was so wrong . I loved every track of this album because it is basically the definition of good country crossover . Apart from ` This Kiss ' , which , if you 've heard it you 'll know is subliminal -LRB- unstoppable , impossible etc ! -RRB- my favorite track would have to be ` Love ai n't Like That ' which has perfect lyrics and a really nice country tune . Faith Hill sounds just like Sheryl Crow on track 7 , -LRB- ` The Meaning of Life ' -RRB- and that too is a great song , though having said that , all the tracks are good so you should n't be disappointed by a single one of them . It 's only a shame that country music does n't get so much credit or recognition in England , where I live .
 This CD has two eerie Stevie Nicks/Faith Hill connections . Number one is `` This Kiss '' - it appears on the Practical Magic soundtrack , as do two Stevie Nicks songs . Number two is `` Somebody Stand Beside Me '' - written by Sheryl Crow , Stevie 's version appears on the Boys on the Side soundtrack . Faith takes her version of `` SSBM '' to another level , giving it a more gospel-type feel , the result is awesome . `` This Kiss '' is pure bubblegum pop -LRB- not necessarily a bad thing -RRB- . `` Just to Hear You Say That You Love Me '' -LRB- with Tim McGraw , surprise ! -RRB- and `` Let Me Let Go '' are powerful ballads . My favorite track is `` The Secret of Life '' , I ca n't explain why , it just spoke to me I guess.All in all , not a bad CD , it reaffirms Faith 's status as they squeaky-clean All-American girl .
 This album is great ! I 've listened to it over and over , and even my kids like it ! The songs are catchy and her voice is amazing !
 People need to wake up and smell the coffee.Country music has more fans than it ever has.Faith Hill 's albums are part of the reason why.People need to see that we are not back in the 60 's or 70 's that this is the year 2000 . Country music continues to have more fans everyday.I may be just 13 but i know what great country music is.If these people who are still living in the old country music and dont like the new kind then do n't listen to it!Thank you Faith Hill for the great country music and many fans !
 I bought this cd when it first came out in 1998 , and I still love it ! Every song is great and Faith shows she has a powerful voice . The best songs are , `` This Kiss '' , `` Let Me Let Go '' , `` My Wild Frontier '' , `` Me '' , `` Just To Hear You Say That You Love Me '' , and `` Love Ai n't Like That '' . So many good songs ! This a cd you do n't want to miss ! A must have for your collection !
 This cd is very good , it has a very good production . It is not too country like her other albuns and not too pop like breathe . The Best songs are the Dianne Warren penned `` Just To Hear You Say That You Love Me '' and the up tempo `` The Hard Way '' . The ballad `` I Love You '' is perfect in her voice .
 On of the top 5 CD 's to buy this year . I personally thought every song on this albulm was wonderful ! She has a very fresh , pop sound . This is her personal best , yet . I know , much like Martina McBride , the older she gets the better she will become ! Besides , having two glorious little girls and a husband -LRB- who 's also in the business -RRB- , I am sure she wo n't run out of things to write about ! Which , I hope , will be her next project ! Good luck to her , her husband and children ! We love them all !
 I love Faith Hill ! This CD is incredible ! There is such a wonderful variety of songs on it , and Faith puts so much feeling into every one . She has such a beautiful voice that every song sounds perfect . My favorites are `` The Hard Way , '' `` I Love You , '' and `` Me . '' I also love `` Better Days '' and it serves as my inspirational song when I 'm feeling down . Every country music fan should own this CD ! It is definitely a must have !
 I ` ve heard a lot of great country singers , but none like this one !!! I love country . Faith has done her best CD yet . I ecspecilly love the song `` This Kiss '' . If you like good country you ` ll just love this new Faith CD . Get it now !!!!!
 Hill has done a great job . This is more mature from her last one.End
 Faith Hill is by far the best female voice on the country charts today ! She has so much talent and proves that with this album . Personally , I think Faith deserved many more awards than what she recieved for the album . Anyone who buys this album has made a brilliant investment !
 FAITH IS THE BEST ALBUM BECAUSE IT REALLY SHOWS HOW PEOPLE FEEL ABOUT LIFE AND EACH OTHER . FAITH HILL IS THE BEST IN COUNTRY AND I REALLY THINK SHE IS GREAT . I MET HER IN PERSON AND SHE WAS SO COOL AND KIND . I LOVE FAITH . AND SHE SEEMS LIKE A REALLY GREAT MOM AND WIFE . SHE MAKES MY LIFE HAPPY JUST TO BE ABLE TO SING HER WORDS OF HER SONGS AND BE ABLE TO FEEL THE WORDS ALSO .
 This is your best CD ever , Faith . My favorite song on the CD is `` This Kiss . '' I love it , Faith .
 I would have to say this is one of my favorite country Cd 's to listen to over and over again and never get bored with it . Faith has a style that is her own and she can do almost any kind of song and sound excellent on it . That is how I feel that this CD does . It shows all her good qualities . With her husband they are an outstanding group !! Happy listening !
 When I went to buy this CD , I had only heard one song on it ... `` This Kiss , '' and after listening to it , it quickly became one of my all time favorites ! There is n't a song on here that I do n't like . This is a CD that I love listening to in the car and really belt it out with Faith , even though I ca n't sing too well !
 I 'm going to make this short and sweet . I loved this C.D. !!!!! It is one of my favorits !! Faith has a great voice !
 I am not a huge country music fan but I just got this CD and I love it . I only knew the `` hit '' songs and I just keep playing those over and over again . The rest of the CD is really good too . She has such a beautiful voice .
 I loved this CD and it was the most amazing CD i have ever heard . i am not usually into country , but her voice is amazing and it drew me in right away .
 Nowadays , it 's tough to tell the difference between top 40 pop music , and country . Especially when it 's performed by the likes of Faith Hill . In her new album , simply entitled `` Faith '' , this country diva sparkles with one melodic pop song after another.While Hill 's voice can not compare to other female C&W singers such as Trisha Yearwood and Martina McBride , her selection of beautiful songs makes up for any of her vocal shortcomings.The Album starts off with a bang with `` This Kiss '' , Faith 's crossover mega-hit . One song later , she 's back to the top 40 with `` Let Me Let Go '' , a soft , sad song that is featured on the `` Message in A Bottle '' Soundtrack . Each song on this album makes the most of Hill 's voice , and with a very solid band behind her , the tracks are crisp and tight.This is a perfect example of how country and pop can merge and sound outstanding . Highly recommended , folks . Get this one . You 'll love it .
 The cd is wonderful . The musicians , writers , and producers do a beautiful job of putting it all together . The music touches the ear . The writing , if listened to , is great and quite clever at times . But what really makes the cd , is the masterful delivery given by Faith Hill . She puts an incredible amount of energy , and especially emotion , into every line . It is as though she is living the words of the song . Incredible ! She is the Jay leno of the music industry -LRB- she knows how to deliver the line -RRB- . The delivery in `` Love Ai n't Like That '' , and `` Let Me Let Go '' , is perfect . Let us not forget the story telling style and delivery in `` The Secret of Life '' . I do not know of anyone that could make this song come to life any better than this . Cool song . Great tunes on this cd . I highly recommend this cd , for the person that respects quality music with emotional singing .
 The album `` Faith '' is by far , one of the best cds that I 've ever owned . My favorite songs are `` Let Me Let Go '' , `` The Secret of Life '' and `` Just to Hear You Say That You Love Me '' . Although most of Faith 's songs -LRB- past and present -RRB- deal with the realities of life , those found in `` Faith '' are definitely of a more optimistic and positive nature . On top of that , Faith 's style of singing has matured visibly and this makes it even easier to connect with her music now . A very pleasing and encouraging collection of songs to the soul and mind . -LRB- Oh yeah , and not to forget the refreshing image she has in this album ! : > From her `` This Kiss '' mtv , I thought she was 23 yrs old or something , hard to believe that she 's already married with 2 kids ! -RRB-
 From the first notes of the now famous `` This Kiss '' to the last beat of `` Somebody Stand by Me '' , Faith Hill captivates you with the power of not only the song but her voice . Faith Hill has grown as an artist from her first cd `` Take Me As I Am . '' You can tell by the product that Faith spent a log of time carefully choosing songs that have power and meaning . I can honestly say , Faith is one of my favorite cds of all time . There is not one song on the cd that I do n't like . Faith is a cd you can listen to over and over and never grow tired of . If you want a cd that combines a talented artist , great songs , and fun , then Faith is definately a cd you need to add to your collection !!
 MY NAME IS KATHY EVERHART I LIVE IN WINSTON SALEM NC EVER SINCE FAITH STARTED I ALWAYS ENJOYED HER MUSIC . I HOPE SHE NEVER CHANGES HER MUSIC BEING WITH TIM MCGRAW . AND THE MOTHER SHE APPEARS TO BE WHICH SEEMS TO BE A GOOD ONE . I AM CURIOUS IN SOMETHING I WAS READING TIM AND FAITH HAD SAID THAT THEY WANTED A BIG FAMILY . WHEN WILL YAUL START TRYING FOR THE THIRD AND JUST WHAT NUMBER DO YOU TEND TO STOP AT.I LOVE YOU BOTH AND PLEASE DONT CHANGE YOUR STYLE CLASS ITS COUNTRY.I WOULD LOVE TO HEAR SOME FEED BACK ON THIS.I AM IN COLLEGE RIGHT NOW AS I WRITE YOU THIS AND MY PC AT HOME IS NOT ON LINE . IF POSSIBLE PLEASE SEND INFO . TO KATHY EVERHART 193 BARBARAS LN.WINSTON SALEM N.C. 27107 . OH YEA FAITH YOU AND TIM MAKE A GREAT COUPLE . WHEN WATCHING THE CMA AWARDS MON NIGHT JUNE 14 1999 THE CAMERAS CAME TO BOTH OF YOU QUITE OFTEN I WISH YAUL WOULD HUG SOME.ESPICALLY WHEN THE AWARDS CAME FAITHS WAY.THE HUGS BOTH OF YOU NEED TO WORK ON.CONGRATS TO BOTH OF YOU , LOVE BOTH OF , JUST GET BETTER BUT NEVER NEVER CHANGE YOUR COUNTRY MUSIC.ONE OTHER THING FAITH I WILL BE AT YOUR CONCERT AT LJYM IN JULY.I THINK THAT IS WHEN YOUR COMING , DONT HAVE TICKETS ON ME TO CHECK THE EXACT DATES . SIGNING OFF TAKE CARE , KEEP DOING WHAT YOU DO BEST . THE BOTH OF YOU TIM AND FAITH . KATHY EVERHART
 I must say that I am not a country listner but this album really is amazing . Faith Hill has a beautiful voice and you can tell she sings from the heart . This is a must purchase ! Tim Mcgraw ... you lucky dog !!!
 I do n't count myself as a country music fan , since the only other ` country ' CD I have is Garth Brooks ` The Hits ' . ` Faith ' is just a brilliant CD for any music lover . I latched onto it because ` This Kiss ' was played alot on my local radio station . However , the CD is packed with top quality tracks . My particular favourites are ` Me ' , which is definately worth a shot as a single , ` The secret of life ' and ` Love ai n't like that ' . There 's not a bad track on the CD . There is sure to be a track to evoke some emotion in even the most cynical heart .
 I first got turned on to this album by the hit single , `` This Kiss . '' That song kind of makes me want to get kissed for the first time all over again ! Anyhow , do n't let the pop overtones of that song distract you from the album itself . Ms. Hill is at her prime . I love every song on the album ! To me , desperation has never sounded so beautiful than it does in `` Let Me Let Go , '' with Vince Gill . She sings with such conviction . I have heard that the divorce rate has increased in the last few years . But , when you hear `` Just To Hear You Say That Love Me '' with her husband Tim McGraw , it tells of what foundation the love in a marriage is supposed to be built upon . I highly recommend this album !
 This CD is awsome ! I love every song . The first song on the CD -LRB- and the first single -RRB- is her greatest song every recorded . Her duet with Tim is also and awesome contribution to her ever-evolving career .
 some say she went pop and lost her country appeal.and others just do n't think she 's abandoned her roots at all.ofcourse , i do agree that the only song here that 's very poppy is `` This Kiss '' but even the rest of the album has no pop sound or appeal @ all . `` This Kiss '' is what let others know about Faith but it did not throw her into the spotlight of being a pop star.This album is real honest b/c it 's filled with emotion and you can tell on the last track `` Somebody Stand By Me '' -LRB- such a beautiful song -RRB- . In my opinion faith is an artist who mixes her sounds a bit to not be categorized into ONE genre of music so she plays with the sounds a bit . I love the album . The best tracks are 1,2,3,4,7,8,10,12 . The others to me seemed a bit odd for such an album but i do like them just not as much as the ones i listed.Once again , in my opinion , it was only the single that let a larger audience know FAITH HILL existed.It was n't until `` Breathe '' was released that faith got international presence .
 I really like this C D. x x x x x x x x x x xx x x x x
 I just love Faith Hill ! Maybe not her best CD , but her singing is always amazing ! It 's worth buying , especially for the price i got it for .
 I love this album . Faith Hill has such a beautiful and powerful voice . I am so glad I brought this album !
 I love this CD even more than her last . Each tune , slow or fast is catchy and listenable . This is a definite sing-a-long CD . Turn it up loud when doing the housework !!
 When I first bought the CD , I only heard one song from the CD , `` just to hear you say that you love me '' , but listening to the entire songs , I love every single song . My favorites are -- This Kiss , Better Days , You Give Me Love , Just To Hear You Say That You Love Me , and Me . Faith will be having a concert at San Jose St. and I wish I could go .
 I absolutely love the Faith Hill CD Faith . I like the songs My Wild Frontier , Better Days , I Love You , Love Ai n't Like That , Let Me Let Go , and The Secret Of Life . They 're great . I never realized how great Faith Hill really was . I suggested this CD to everyone !
 This album is the best country album of 1998 . Faith 's vocals are so strong through this entire disc . This is a very emotional recording and many songs cut right to the heart . `` Let Me Let Go '' is my favorite track with the perfect backing vocals of Vince Gill . A true 5 star recording .
 it is good especially the number four song `` it ai n't like that '' is the title .
 Those songs are the best on this whole album !!!!!!! All of the other songs are good too , but espically those two !!!!!!! Buy NOW !!!!!!!!
 I have always liked Faith 's music , but this album is her best ~ Try listening to ` This Kiss ' , ` Let Me Let Go ' , and my FAVORITE , ` Just to Hear You Say That You Love Me ' .
 My favorite song is This Kiss and my favorite singer is Faith Hill . I want to be just like her when I grow up .
 I bought this CD after I heard Faith Hill `` Live on CMT '' special program and I 'm telling you , what a great voice she has . Songs like `` I love you '' , `` Somebody stand by me '' are examples of how good she sings and not forgetting `` This Kiss '' , `` Let me let go '' , `` You give me love '' and an excellent love song `` Just want to hear you say that you love me '' . I 'm sure you wo n't be disappointed .
 I love Faith 's music . She has a beautiful voice & knows just how to use it ! Her voice range is so broad , she can sing anything . I give this album a 5 star review ! She is fabulous ! You wo n't be dissapointed . The feeling she gives the music is just beautiful . Signed , Jill H.
 I admit I am partial because Faith is one of my favorite singers , but this CD is one of the greatest to be released this year . This Kiss is such a fun-loving song . I love her smooth voice , I listen to the CD everywhere . Part of her appeal is her normality . If you want to chat about Faith , email me !
 This is one of the few country artists I love . This song gives me chills and always makes me feel happy when I hear it - my only complaint is that it is n't played often enough on the radio .
 Faith Hill is at her best in this CD . You 'll listen to over and over
 Well , this is the newest in my CD collection , and it definitly did n't disappoint ! I own Faith 's other two CD 's , so I was expected nothing short of awesome from this one . It was !!! This girl can do no wrong when it comes to music !
 I have always been a fan of Faith Hill but not that many other country singers and in this CD Faith shows just why I love her singing . She has such a strong voice which she uses in many different ways . This CD is n't just a few good songs , it is filled with the potential to be big hits . Do yourself a favor and get FAITH by Faith Hill .
 I have listened a million times and I just think it gets better each time . I highly recomend it , even if you do n't like country music . She has a style all her own .
 This is my first Faith Hill CD , but i absolutely love it . I usually program the CD to miss certain tracks , but this CD does n't have a bad track . Really beautiful stuff . Hope she does n't keep us waiting too long for the next !
 Excellent CD loved every song . Keep up the good work !
 This is the best cd ever ! I loved every song ! Faith sings her pants off . She is a very talented lady . She sings with such passion ! This cd is the only cd you will ever want to listen to . You will be hooked !
 Faith Hill has never disappointed me with any of her albums . Though not as good as her latest effort Cry , it is much better than her most popular album , Breathe . This CD has her most notable hits of the late '90s - This Kiss , Let Me Let Go , The Secret Of Life and Just To Hear You Say That You Love Me , a duet with her hubby Tim McGraw . One of my favorites is Love Ai n't Like That but , unfortunately , it failed at radio back in early ' 99 . And unlike most country albums of the '90s , the unreleased songs are n't filler . In fact , my very faves are Better Days , My Wild Frontier and I Love You - all unreleased songs . Surprisingly , Faith 's version of I Love You is much better than the original Celine Dion version . After Cry and It Matters To Me , Faith is my favorite album by the beautiful and talented Faith Hill .
 Faith Hill 's third album , simply titled FAITH , amounts to nothing less than an artistic reinvention . Hill , not a writer herself , has chosen a collection of well-crafted , weighty songs designed to show off her substantial vocal chops to fullest effect . Songs from top Nashville writers like Matraca Berg , Gretchen Peters and Beth Neilsen Chapman are included , but so is material from rockers Aldo Nova and Sheryl Crow . Such diversity adds up to a wide range of styles , all of which Hill handles effortlessly . The overriding theme of FAITH is love -- getting it , keeping it and losing it . The opening cut , `` This Kiss , '' is outstanding -- an ode to the power of the perfect smooch , with a killer melody and chorus you ca n't stop singing . Two non love-related standouts are `` Better Days , '' a message of hope to a downtrodden friend , and `` Secret of Life , '' about finding happiness in the simplest things . Faith 's husband Tim McGraw makes an appearance on `` Just To Hear You Say That You Love Me , '' a Diane Warren-penned song that 's similar to their previous duet `` It 's Your Love . '' `` This Kiss '' and `` Let Me Let Go '' were hits on pop radio as well , making this a crossover success , they were even remixed for those formats . Overall its a complete collection of good music you will enjoy
 I remember buying this album the day it came out , April 21st 1998 , 2 and a half long years since her second album It Matters to Me . Before buying the album , I had heard the mega hit This Kiss a lot . I was not disapointed with this album at all.Faith 's voice has matured since her pregnancy , and this is apparant on these songs on this album . This Kiss became a # 1 hit on country and pop radio stations , and that was only the icing on the cake . You Give me Love is a nice mid tempo song , which would of been a single . Let Me Let Go was another big hit on country and pop radio stations around the world , with Vince Gill to accompany vocals on the country version which is found on this cd . Love Ai n't Like That is a nice simple song , the final single from this album , which did not fate well as in my opinion was not the best choice for a single.Faith decides to do some covers on this album . The first being the Becca And Billy hit Better Days , which is a very nice song . My Wild Frontier is a beautiful song , although somewhat sad . The Secret of Life became the fourth single of this album , a nice song that will make you sing . Just To Hear You Say That You Love Me is the Diane Warren written song that Faith 's husband Tim McGraw sings background vocals on , the second single which fared very well on the charts , its a beautiful song . Me is a fun song as well.I Love You is a cover of the 1996 Celine Dion song , found on her Falling Into You CD , Faith does a nice job with this dreamy song . The Hard Way is a highlight on the album , which deserved to be a single -LRB- perhaps more than Love Aint Like That -RRB- , its just a fun infectuous song . The album closes with the Sheryl Crow penned Somebody Stand By Me.It was a long wait but Faith never disapoints her fans , this is a nice collection of songs that will make you sing , dance and cry . I highly reccomend you give it a listen .
 Wow , This CD is a great one . It 's in my cd player all the time . I especially love track 2 and 7 . This cd has a different variety of styles which i especially love . You can listen to the whole cd and not get bored cuz it 's not one type of music -LRB- slow , fast , in the middle -RRB- there all different . I RECOMMEND THIS CD !
 I have only recently become a country music fan . I was n't sure I would like Faith Hill , but this was the first CD of hers I purchased . From the very first song `` This Kiss , '' I was instantly drawn into her music . What I love about her songs is that they are so real . `` You Give Me Love '' is so real and so strong . It 's nice to hear a song that a woman sings about a man who is crying for a change . `` The Secret of Life '' has taken some getting used to . It is not my absolute favorite on the CD . `` Me '' is the song that means the most to me since I have experienced trying to change for someone else in a relationship . And `` I Love You '' is a heart-jerker for those who have loved someone from afar . She has a big voice , and she nails each song on this CD . Give it a try !
 I love this album . It is her transition between country and pop superstar ; the best of both worlds . `` This Kiss '' `` Let Me Let Go '' and `` Just to Hear You Say That You Love Me '' are great songs that are now typical Faith . I would remomend this to any Faith Hill fan missing this album or any Hill fan that is trying to pick an album to buy .
 These songs are just so true to life ! They express feelings with a blatantness and clarity strongly lacking in the songs of other artists . This is a great compilation of Faith Hill 's songs .
 One of wonderful albums by Faith Hill . Includes `` This Kiss '' a country-pop song about her hus band . Not one song is not worth listening to . This is a wonderful album of 1998 !
 The song ` This Kiss ' is the best song I 've ever heard of by Faith Hill On this album . Her duet with her husband , Tim McGraw , is also very inspiring to me on this album . I am specifically referring to the song `` Just to Hear You Say That YOu Love Me '' .
 The Beautiful Faith Hill Is Back At It Again . The Lead Off Single `` This Kiss '' Which Went Number 1 On Both The Country And Pop Charts . She Does Another Duet With Husband Tim McGraw `` Just To Hear You Say That You Love Me '' . But I Like `` It 's Your Love '' The First Duet That The Lovely Couple Did Togother On Tim 's Album `` Everywhere '' . The Also Features
 The music was very refreshing with an excellent beat.Faith Hill sounds great.I heard it the first time on New Years eve and could not get the song out of my mind .
 I love this album . It 's so cool . `` Just To Hear You Say That You Love Me '' was my favorite song before I had the CD . It 's as good as It Matters To Me .
 Here is a truly talented woman who proves she deseves a place in country music history !
 Faith gives me faith in the human existence !
 Faith Hill is one of the best female singers I have ever heard , both country and pop . She needs to keep up the good work !
 Give this CD to someone you love
 It took me a couple of listen throughs before I really got into this album , but once I did I thouroughly enjoyed it and listen to it all of the time . There 's a little of everything and `` The Secret of Life '' is a nice change .
 This is an amazing CD ! Faith Hill is such a beautiful and talented singer ! This Kiss is one of my favorite songs . So is The Secret Of Life ! I love the part in that music video where she has her hair in a headband and she wears those cool sunglasses . I hope she makes another CD soon !
 Everytime that I listen to any of Faith Hill 's songs new or old I get a tear in my eye and I am so overwelmed by the power of her word that I have to stop whatever I am doing and totally listen to it and give it 100 % of my attention because it is just so intense . I love it to death . I now have to choose with song to play at my wedding .
 This album from Faith is as good if not better than her first two . She digs deep on every song and sings her heart out . The songs are uplifting and full of soul and emotion . They beautifully show off her phenominal voice that can be topped by NO ONE.WELL DONE FAITH !!!!!
 I bought this C.d because I heard `` This Kiss '' on GAC I loved it all but my favorite song was `` Let me let go '' Then it seemed as if GAC played it every 5 minutes !!!!!! Overdone !!!!!
 This album is a must for any country music listener . Faith puts so much heart and soul into each and every song . You can tell that she 's got some excellent inspirations , namely Gracie .
 A very underrated voice in our musical culture , Faith Hill not only has a face like an angel but has a voice that matches it . She can put forth great upbeat tunes as well as croon with the best of them . Her voice is dulcet , able to dazzle and convey a myriad of emotions . She can make you smile with joy one mintue and cry the next . Frankly , she 's what turned me on to country music
 The best CD album I have bought so far . All the songs are excellent !!
 This cd is incredible for those people who barely touch on enjoying country . I bought it and my whole dorm walks around singing `` This Kiss '' At a women 's college we appreciate hearing about wonderful , non skanky frat boys out there . She takes the cake !!!
 Faith Hill just seems to get better with every song . This Kiss can not help but make you feel good and Just To Hear You Say That You Love Me can bring tears to your eyes .
 I have never liked country music , but after hearing Faith Hill 's hit `` This Kiss '' on my non-country radio station I thought I would try the CD . I went out and bought it , and I love it . The best thing about this CD is that its not a CD that you 'll only like two or three things on , you 'll love every single track . GO AND BUY IT NOW .
 Faith Hill 's `` This Kiss '' ROCKS ! It 's the BEST !!! It has very good and meaningful lyrics . The song makes you want to stand up and sing along with her .
 she is one of the greatest singers of all times . she will go on to achieve bunches .
 this cd is from the pre Shania like look and sound era of Faith , which is good . not to say that Shania is bad or anything , i like her too . but there 's no need for two copies of the same thing . this CD has this fresh feeling to it , light country if you like with a squint toward Pop music . nice , catchy songs . nothing to live without but still nice .
 I think this is her best album so far . My favorite songs is this kiss and better days . I would suggest buying it . I bought the cd when it hit the stores and never regreted buying it .
 THIS CD IS A MUST . PERFECT CD , FOR A COUNTRY FAN
 the last time I thought mylife was a song written inmelody was in 03-07-83 myfrist heartbreak arentha was giving to me to listento . thank you Faith go girl ! No my heart was not in trouble but my sole wasjust the words to the total CD made me fill like what ever the trouble was this to would pass and faith yousang like you felt every word that talent you know it and breath continue the connection for me.So justlike aretha I 'm going to keep listening to your music you got a real FAN !
 faith hill is so hot and the songs letme let go , this kiss and better days make her hotter . if she ever looks at this page I would like to say congrats on the new baby .
 A good CD . There 're four or five songs that are hi - quality . Country music is lucky to have her . I recommend it to ya all !!! Faith still have a lot of things to say in music .
 Faith Hill is one of the best singers in country music history . This is her best album yet , it is a mix of country and pop , which is my favorite . This Kiss is the best song on the whole CD
 what can i say ?? I LOVE FAITH HILL !!! ever since i heard `` someone else 's dream '' i fell in love . so as soon as i heard she had a new cd i ran out and got it . im glad i did b/c when i saw her in concert earlier this year she sang alot of songs from `` faith . '' my faves are `` me '' and `` better days . '' she sang `` better days '' in concert and i was singing right along . this cd rocks . go get it .
 I own a lot of country CD 's and this is an awesome one . My roommate and I have it playing all the time in our dorm . We drive our friends crazy singing the songs . This is truly an excellent CD and I recommend it highly .
 This was the first country album that I had bought other than Shania Twain 's album The Woman in Me which is really pop/country . This album is a smooth transition from someone like to Shania to just a bit more twang . Great album .
 Faith 's new CD is one of my very favorites ! It 's awesome . Do n't think twice about getting it .
 When I listened to `` FAITH '' the first time , I did not hesitate to order the two previous albums as well ! Beautifull songs from a damn ' good looking young woman . Every song will touch you in a different manner . Who needs Shania Twain ? We have Faith Hill !! Go ahead , Faith !
 This is by far her best CD yet . It veers further from ` country ' than her previous efforts ... in fact , I 'm surprised it 's not more of a cross-over hit . My favorites are `` Let Me Let Go '' , `` The Secret of Life '' and `` You Give Me Love '' . She definately outshines her husband , Tim McGraw , in their duet . This one is for the CD magazine in the car .
 This CD is packed with songs you 'll love to sing along to -- and trust me , once you start listening in the car , you WILL start to sing along sooner or later . Especially special are This Kiss -LRB- track 1 -RRB- and , my personal favorite , Me -LRB- track 9 -RRB- . The whole album is a winner .
 After a three year hiatus , Faith Hill returned to the musical elite by releasing her third LP in the spring of ' 98 . The album has the qualities of a traditional country album ... but with such a rock/pop edge that it sold an excess of 5 million copies . It produced five hit singles . And that does n't even begin to cover the true greatness of this album . Such unreleased tracks like `` You Give Me Love '' , `` I Love You '' , & `` The Hard Way '' all have a great mainstream quality that makes them infectuous . But the standout track comes at the end . The Sheryl Crow-written `` Stand By Me '' becomes the 6-minute epic on the album . Faith Hill has never put -LRB- and maybe never will again -RRB- so much emotion into each track as she has on Faith . This is one of the few country albums made that you can hit `` play '' and listen to it the entire way through , and at the end you feel that you 've gained something from listening to it . That 's how you know an album is truly great .
 This album is pretty good and you get what you expected . Most songs are good but there 's nothing unexpected , which could be fun . If you like Shania I guess you like this one . The album is called country . Well , it 's got a little bit of the country sound , but actually , it could be more country without getting annoying . But Faith is a great singer and the songs are good .
 this cd is excellent , it has a little of something for everyone . if you 're a new faith fan , do n't listen to all this junk about her being pop and her music going down hill . she is still the wonderful artist she has always been . I love this album and Breathe equally , they just have different sounds . this album is a joy to listen too and i encourage all faith fans to try it .
 As you can very well see , most of the ratings on your review are mostly 5 star . I believe country music is changing like everything else in our world . Now if it were n't for innovative singers like Lorretta Lynn and many other ` new comers ' of the time , well we would n't have such color and texture to the country sound would we ? You sound very country to me and I grew up loving Charlie Rich and Charlie Pride as well as George Strait and Dolly Parton etc. . . I live in a Rodeo town in San Diego and love to sing country music , anyone want to give me a break out there in Nashville ? Please ? Well done Faith ! Keep up the great music .
 i love faith hill ! i bought `` faith '' as soon as it came out and i love it . i went to europe this past summer and , while in barcelona , i found the european version of `` faith '' called `` love will always win . '' that one is available on the internet but not the other one that i found in zurich . that one is called `` piece of my heart . '' its basically a greatest hits cd from her first 2 cds . i now have 5 of her cds and when `` breathe '' comes out ... ill have 6 ! not too obsessed am i ? all of her cds rock ! go get them ! = -RRB-
 Faith Hill has a voice and a style that captures the heart , each song with it 's own message , this album is a must have . This is very powerful music .
 Faith is one of the greatest singers in the world!This CD is VERY good . It is the next best thing after her 2nd album , `` It Matters To Me '' . This CD is a must-buy .
 This is the best cd i ever heard . It has so many varities of music . Her hit `` This Kiss '' should have won the grammy award . Her duet with her husband , Tim McGraw , was just as good as `` It 's your love '' . If you were smart you would go now and buy this incredible cd ; -RRB-
 I enjoy all of the songs except for `` the secret of life '' . I think this was a bad choice to record because it does n't apply to most people and it 's kind of cheesy . I love all the other songs though . I have listened to Faith 's previous cds and her voice is obviously at it 's best on this one . She is also leaning toward a more pop sound on this one . Nevertheless , her songs still have the meaning that makes them special . -LRB- and country -RRB- My favorite song is `` My Wild Frontier '' because it has the most meaning . I also love `` Me '' . A lot of cd 's are dry except for the hit songs , but Faith makes every song catchy and worth a listen .
 Faith 's CD is absolutely wonderful.This is the best album ever recorded by any artist!I severely disagree with the music fan from Texas who stated that Faith 's songs would have sounded better if they had been sung by Martina McBride!Faith 's songs are sung the best by her.She is beautiful too .
 This CD is probably one of the most emotional and heartfelt collection of songs I 've heard in a long time . Faith Hill has a wonderfully normal voice -LRB- not overpowering -RRB- and she uses it so well in these songs . One of my favorites includes My Wild Frontier , a wonderful song about the love of two people and losing one of them . I highly recommend this CD for someone who may or may not be a country music fan .
 This CD is great and would make an excellent addition to any collection.The music is soothing and a joy to listen to especially `` This Kiss . '' Everybody ought to own one of these . And Faith Hill is great too.I think she is the most beautiful woman in the world .
 This CD is incredible ! I encourage everyone to buy one.And the pictures of her are wonderful too She is beautiful beyond belief !
 Faith Hill has thrown all her creativity , and dedication into this one . She adds a little mor humor in this one than in some of her others .
 Although Faith 's most popular song , `` This Kiss '' is an fun upbeat modern country song , the majority of this albumn is reminisant of dare I say , Patsy Cline 's blues soul .
 Faith Hill sings with a heart full of soul and honesty . Her voice is simply incredible . It is so melodic , beautiful , and dipped with just the appropiate amount of emotion for each song . The best song is `` Love Ai n't Like That , '' in which she chooses to enunciate at just the right times , and delivers the song gently at first and then gains momentum to a powerful song . This album is a great piece of work . The music , instruments , lyrics , and Faith 's voice make for a winning and compelling album .
 Faith Hill is one of my favorite country singers ... and `` Faith '' is a great album !! I was bought it after loving the song `` This Kiss '' yet fell in love with the * whole * cd , especially `` The Hard Way '' and `` Just to Hear you Say you love me '' the duet with Tim McGraw . It is a favorite to listen to in the car and at home as well ! She has an awsome voice and her songs have such great lyrics !!
 Progressive rock at its finest Jade Warrior have the remarkable ability of transporting the listener from the ordinary to the extraordinary . Keyboards waft in and out forming a counterpoint for Jon Fields almost classical flute and Colin Hensons soaring guitar.The percussion and bass of Dave Sturt manages to bring the listener safely back to earth at the end of it all . Remarkable , awesome in its complexity but never boring - a fitting tribute to the memory of the late Tony Duhig . OK you 've guessed it - i LIKE this band and why their back catalogue is all but deleted in their native England i 'll never know .
 Jade Warrior is the perfect example of a wonderful group that was never promoted properly back in the day . The band 's roots stem from the 60 's with Jon Field & Tony Duhig as the nucleus.Their first major work came in the form of 3 LPs on the Vertigo label back in '71 - '72 and basically escaped everyone 's notice because they were n't played on pop radio . The reason ? They were different . Neither did they tour a lot , which did n't help matters.They were n't just Rock , or just Jazz or just instrumental . But they were an odd mixture of the three with a smattering of Asian influence thrown in for good measure.By the time of this record , Breathing The Storm -LRB- 1992 , -RRB- founding member Tony Duhig had already passed away . As I understand it this record was a musical testimonial from Jon Field to his friend Tony.I ca n't describe this music adequately ... the album displays a dizzying array of instruments and effects . All I can say is if you listen to it , you 'll understand . It 's calm . It 's deep . It 's thoughtful . It 's pleasing . It 's exhilerating . It 's Jade Warrior.Leave you cares and your ego at the door and enter . Listen to the entire album start to finish in a place where you wo n't be disturbed . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This is easily the softest , most ambient of Jade Warrior 's albums , but do not confuse it with anything New Age . It is fitting perhaps as a eulogy for the late Tony Duhig to whom the CD is beautifully dedicated . I anticipated a stormy CD full of the typical JW lightning changes and diversity , but this was not what I heard . Each piece blends together smoothly and gently . The music evokes the feeling of floating through the sky - but during a storm ? It took me a few listens , but eventually this idea came forth
 This record is marvelous . I admit , it is not quite the same without Tony Duhig , however Jon is passionately driven on this recording in memory of his friend . Beautifully arranged and performed . This record flows in and out of dark places and leaves you relaxed at in a calm place . Great spin !
 Nice Guys reveals the many dimensions of the Art Ensemble of Chicago , from their crystalline delicacy , through their wry humor , to their unmitigated heaviness -LRB- `` Dreaming of the Master '' -RRB- . It also reveals their core philosophy of creation , which combines their own eruptive originality and their homage to what they called `` Great Black Music . `` I saw the AEC about 20 times from 1976 through 1983 , and I was lucky enough to catch them at an AACM festival shortly after the release of Nice Guys . Never did I see them any better , from Don Moye 's astonishing work on drums to their thundering entry into `` Dreaming of the Master '' near the end of their set.Nice Guys does it all , albeit it a slightly tamer way than those who love the earlier `` A Jackson in Your House '' AEC . Take the plunge and enjoy your own dreams of these masters .
 This is a wonderful disk . I am saddened and astonished to see that the only cut that one can not hear a sample of is `` Dreaming of the Master , '' Joseph Jarman 's homage to Miles Davis , the standout cut on this album , and a staple of the AEC 's live shows . The music is highly varied from the reggae of the opening `` Ja , '' to the Ellingtonia of `` Nice Guys '' to the percussion piece `` Folkus . '' The really standout piece though is `` Dreaming of the Master '' with its elegant counter-melody and double time break . Since unfortunately you can not hear a sample , think Oliver Nelson 's `` Stolen Moments '' played by free jazzers . This cut alone is worth the price of the disk .
 If you are interested in the Art Ensemble of Chicago , I would reccomend checking this out . This was the first album I ever heard of the Art Ensemble , and immediately I was hooked by the first track `` Ja '' . Beautiful solos , amazing improvisation , and great rythm all make this release a pleasure .
 Let 's just put it out there -- the AEC was one of the great jazz bands of any era . On this disc , they took their inimitable sense of play , laid some nice grooves under it , and with ECM production values behind them , recorded a wonderful work which stands the test of time very nicely . I owned this album as an LP and was so pleasantly surprised to see that it finally made it to CD . R.I.P. Lester Bowie and Malachi Favors , two great musicians whose talents are especially well captured here .
 These men are heroes . This music will change your life . This is one of their best albums . Such big-hearted virtuosity is rare as hell , sad to say , but hear it for yourself
 I 've been playing guitar for 31 years and can honestly say I have never heard anyone play in so many different voices in one song , the way Phil Keaggy can and does.Listen to March of the clouds . In the beginning he starts with a single line , melodic lead which he expands into a rolling , crescendo-ing , over-dubbed double lead . This builds into an explosion of rapid fire , scaling leads that just bring tears to my eyes -LRB- I wish could play it , but at least I can feel it ! -RRB- . Then he follows it with gentle volume swells that slowly bring you down as they roll into a classical style of chording and octaves which leads back to the original theme as the song fades . The most incredible facet of this guitar players ' expertise is he can reproduce these tones and touches , live . If you ca n't deal with his christian lyrics , buy this album , as well as `` 220 '' , `` beyond nature '' , `` acoustic sketches '' , `` master & musician '' , and definitely , definitely a MUST `` ON THE FLY '' . Sit back and be amazed - you will not believe these recordings are all of the same guitarist .
 this cd reminds me of the time i went skydiving , it makes your imagination soar ! '' march of the clouds '' , is my favorite song . but still this cd does not compare to seeing phil keaggy in concert . watching phil play is like watching someone worshiping God with a guitar .
 I am not Christian.I am not a guitarist , though I am a professional musician.I am not a ` Keaggyhead ' ... But this is , easily one of the best collections of compositions I have ever heard . In particular , and I need to single this one out , ` March of the Clouds ' is as perfect a collection of sounds a human being can put together . As a song , it has everything ... ethereal imagery , slow gradual volume and tone . Again , it is ... well it is my favorite song . I do not listen to New Age in particular - I am well rounded but - I heard this song about 10 years ago ... and either a song touches you or it does not ... this one reached in me and pulled something out ... something only this song can . Buy it . Experience it .
 I own several Phil Keaggy CD 's / Cassettes/Vinyls ... Phil is the type of player that inspires other guitar players . This particular CD is truly wonderful and fascinating ! Please Please , judge for yourself ! Go check it out from your local library , and I 'd bet that you 'll want to purchase a copy of your own . If incredible leads and copositions are your taste , This IS a must own !!
 This CD is derivative of the whole instrumental Windham Hill mood that was popular during the late 1980 's and Phil Keaggy tells us how it should have been done.His guitar work is brilliant as usual but his arrangements on this album are pure beauty . My favorite piece , `` I love you Lord , '' is simply the most beautiful instrumental praise music I have ever heard .
 It 's no mistake , I think , that the cover design is reminiscent of 80 's Windham Hill releases . Keaggy here moves away from his pop stylings into a deeper , richer and more complex level -LRB- it is also much more accomplished and moving than any of the new age noodling that WH loved to put out -RRB- . This all-instrumental recording shows Keaggy 's enormous teachnical skills , but more than that , it shows how he can make a guitar sing . You can listen to this and be drawn into the joy and majesty and sheer emotional power of it , or you can stay back a step and think , `` How the heck can ANYONE play all those notes ! `` For people who have avoided Keaggy because of his Christian content , this is a perfect place to discover his enormous musical gift . This is great stuff .
 This album has been my sanctuary since I first bought it in 1987 . My primary musical taste is -LRB- classic -RRB- Heavy Metal , but when I 'm stressed or just wanting to relax with something opposite of the aggressive music I like , `` The Wind and The Wheat '' really hits the spot . The album is very strong on melody and Keaggy 's guitar playing is flawless . I was going to list my faves , but I could n't stick to just a couple . I 'll just say most of the CD is great , if what you 're after is something peaceful to enjoy & `` get lost in '' . One of the real stand-outs is the tune `` I Love You Lord '' . It is an instrumental version of the vocal worship song that goes `` I love you Lord , and I lift my voice , to worship you , Oh my soul rejoice ... '' The CD is a collection of songs that blend acoustic & electric guitar , along with keyes , synth and some percussion . It is well produced , so you 're not going to find a single song that is `` raw '' in the production sense.If you want to hear Keaggy shredding , this is n't the CD for you -LRB- although he does in a couple of spots -RRB- . But if you want to hear mastery of Joyful , Peaceful , Melodic playing , I highly recommend `` The Wind and The Wheat . `` PS
 Phil Keaggy is my favorite artist . Not only because I play guitar . Not only because we are both believers . Simply because he is so versatile , so musical and loves what he does . The Wind and the Wheat is a classic in instrumental music . It transcends time in that it is hard to tell what era it came from . If you are looking for a easy listening instrumental piece that is strong in great guitar work and lush textures that take you places , this would be a great pick to add to your collection . I highly recommend it !
 I first heard this CD on vinyl when I was a teenager . It was my introduction to the new age sound . I have not heard many other artists that can weave sounds together into a seamless fabric like Phil Keaggy.By the way , Cheri Keaggy is not Phil 's Daughter . She is married to his nephew .
 I am not all that knowledgable about Phil Keaggy , but I really like this album . It sort of sounds like a cross of rock , classical , new age -LRB- only better ! -RRB- . A great instrumental album . -LRB- By the way , go check out his daughters stuff , I REALLY LOVE Cheri Keaggy !! -RRB-
 One of the greatest of our time ; Phil Keaggy is an absolutely phenomenol guitarist , and arguably the humblest . This , one of half a dozen of his completely instrumental recordings , is one of those rare albums that never grows old no matter how many times you play it . An exceptional work that flows from song to song with subtle flashes of brilliance , and after 20 years it stands up to anything of the modern `` new age '' genre . For some of his best rock guitar listen to his recent `` 220 '' . For brilliant acoustic blended with electric finesse you 'll hear few more original recordings than `` The Wind and the Wheat ''
 Whenever I 'm down , I just pop this CD in and hit the `` repeat disk '' button !
 My husband gave me the tape of The Wind and The Wheat when we were dating . At the time I had seen Phil Keaggy in concert twice . I had no idea who he was.Phil Keaggy is not just a musician . He is a great musician , the kind that comes along once in a generation . This album was produced and performed when he was young . The music reflects the style of the time -LRB- late 1980s/early 1990s -RRB- , but is classic enough for any age.I appreciate track &#34; The Mission &#34; with its simple acoustic melody . But perhaps the one I appreciate the most is &#34; I Love You , Lord . &#34; It is instrumental , no lyrics included , but I know the lyrics because we sang them many times in church . Even without words , the song is an act of worship on Keaggy 's part and a sweet melody that any person could enjoy.If you can find this cd at a reasonable price , I highly recommend you purchase it . Keaggy asked his fans which cd that he should re-release and many of us requested this one . Unfortunately that has yet to happen so the best bet is to purchase it here on Amazon while you can find it .
 Released in 1987 , but now out-of-print , this a magnificent album that presents Phil Keaggy at his compositional and guitar-playing best . &#34; Paradise Dream &#34; , &#34; The Wind & The Wheat , and &#34; The Reunion &#34; are prime examples . Hopefully , it will be reissued , perhaps even as an all-acoustic guitar album .
 I am a huge Keaggy Fan and this CD does not disappoint ! It is so relaxing , I used it in the hospital while my husband recovered from a brain hemorrhage . It is soothing , just wonderful !
 I had this on reserve for awhile and I finally decided to get it . I have n't been disappointed since I got it . The album overall is good . Keaggy is a very natural composer who can create things on the fly and make it sound musical -LRB- this is evident if you 've seen him live -RRB- . I also bought this album because I heard some of the songs on this album on his `` acoustic guitar style '' video . I wanted to get the original and hear how they sounded . My favorites include `` march on the clouds '' , `` wind and the wheat '' , `` The reunion '' , `` I Love you Lord . '' I could listen to those for hours and not be bored at all . If you can get your hand on this album buy it . You wo n't be disappointed . Also , buy Keaggy 's 220 , Beyond Nature , Master and Musician , and Acoustic Sketches . You will not be disappointed .
 The fist time I heard The Wind and the Wheat was back in 1987 . My girlfriend at the time had the tape , and put it in my tape deck in my 1984 Pontiac Fiero . I asked her who or what it was , and she told me it was Phil Keaggy playing guitar . I listened to it , and really liked it . I think that was the first time I had been turned on to any intrumental music like that before . Like many of you here , my favorite is The March of the Clouds . Listening to it now , I have a whole new respect , and I love it more , because Im really into jazz/fusion type stuff , and this is close enough . What a great cd ...
 Phil Keaggy has amazed thousands over the years with his outstanding ability to transport a person to another time , place and state of mind with his music . This CD is no different . I love to hop in the car , pop in this CD , take a drive with the wife in the country and just enjoy life for awhile . Wow . Relax , renew your mind and spirit and become enchanted with his style and performance .
 This is my favorite album by Phil Keaggy . As everyone knows , Keaggy is an incredible guitarist , but this album displays his gift for composition and arrangement as well . The title cut is a masterpiece acoustic guitar composition . March of the Clouds takes the listener on an emotional musical journey through the skies and back to earth . While the album cover is reminiscent of the 80s Windham Hill look , the blending of acoustic and electric guitars with piano and synthsizers in this recording are uniquely Phil Keaggy 's .
 This is the first and the best Cherry Poppin ' Daddies album out there . They new what they were doing when they got together almost nine years ago .
 I love the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies ... they 're the best ! Their songs are wonderful and they 're sung beautifully .
 This CD is CPD 's most original album in my opinion . They are able to put good ska -LRB- which I usually hate -RRB- and swing together to make a truly awesome blend of music . The Lifeboat Mutiny is probably my favorite song of all time . - JeePhunk@aol.com
 This would be it ... . I bought my original copy at one of their shows in bellingham , Wa ... . All I can say is ... if you do n't own it yet ... spend the money ...
 How can anyone knock this album . it is only the greatest album recorded by any artist . i mean the funky groves of Diabolic Tastemaker and Dirty Mutha Fuzz -LRB- my personal favourite -RRB- plus the swing tunes of Drunk Daddy and Master and Slave make this THE best CD . of course some people are adverse to the lyrics in the songs , but i say you guys are just soft . the lyrics rule , and the songs are even better . so all you CPD haters , get lost and all you CPD lover embrace this CD as their personal best achievement .
 The Daddies first and best one ! Every song is a piece of art by itself . The best ones
 The intricate work between guitar , bass , drums , horns , and vocals on this cd is excellent the funk tracks are great check out `` dirty mutha fuzz '' and `` Flovilla Thatch vs. The virille garbage man '' . also the punk tracks are great , check out `` midas in reverse '' and `` diabolic tastemaker '' -LRB- great bassline -RRB- . A very masculine album . BUY IT !
 I bought this album 8 years ago and would have to say I 've listened to this album more often then any I 've bought since . I put it on to cheer myself up , to work out , and regularly add it to my `` party mix '' of music . `` Suicide Kings '' is my favorite , `` Flovilla Thatch vs. the Virile Garbage Man '' is awesome and of course the album offers the BEST CPD swing song , `` Drunk Daddy , '' as well as other favorites like `` Answering Machine . '' This album is a MUST have and makes listeners realize just how versatile and talented the CPD 's really are ! By the way , if you have n't seen them live ... GO ... NOW !!!
 The best Cherry Poppin daddies album that I 've heard so far . -LRB- I 've not heard `` Kids on The Street '' yet -RRB- The semi-punk/swing-ska thing works wonderfully here and even that description does n't do them justice . There is so much more happening in this album than can be described in words . So just listen to it !! The best songs are `` Drunk Daddy '' , `` Answering Machine '' , and `` Dirty Mutha Fuzz . ''
 The best CD in my collection ! I love every song and it 's the only CD can listen to from beginning to end . Buy this CD and I promise you will either be dancing to it or singing along to it after just one listening . I know I did .
 CPD is not just a swing band ! They are an intensely original band that can play anything and make it cool . Ferociously Stoned is their debut album and by far their best . It demonstrates their range and the intensity that they bring to live shows . `` Teenage Brain Surgeon '' and `` Flovilla Thatch vs. the Virile Garbage Man '' are the highlights .
 If you are a true Cherry Poppin Daddis fan you will love this CD ! You can really swing to the beat in this cd ! Steve 's voice is super cool , and at live concerts he dances soooooo sexy . All of CPD 's cd 's are cool , and I enjoy listening to them all ! Some of my favorite songs on Ferocioucly Stoned are ; Drunk Daddie , Teenage Brainsurgeon , lifeboat mutany , and Shake your love Maker ! All the songs are really cool in there own way . All the songs are all unique and awsome to swing to ! So check this cd out if you are a true fan !
 kept movin , kept me listening , and funky random lirics !!
 This CD is awesome , and has some hit songs . But , their Zoot Suit Riot album is still the best of all . But if you already own that one and you want another , this is definatly the one to get .
 EVERY SONG ON FEROCIOUSLY STONED IS EXELLENT!The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies are fireing up another album soon , tenatively titled `` Soul Caddilac '' . Will it be a swing record like ZSR was ? Sort of . Swing has always been a part of CPD 's music . Will it be like `` Ferociously Stoned '' ? Sort of.Everyone must realize that ZSR is a collection of `` swingin hits '' and is a collection of songs from earler CD 's . Zoot Suit Riot does not indicate the extent of the band 's music , or the scope of their style ! -LRB- Look for a twist of soul on the new album . -RRB- The only thing one can expect when hearing a CPD album for the first time is
 I do n't know how many hundreds of times I have listened to the album and it still holds up as one of my favorites . The first time I heard any of their songs was a live performance at Speedy O ' Tubs in Bellingham , Washington -LRB- probably 1990 or 1991 -RRB- . This is an incredible band and as great as this album is the Daddies are even better live . One thing though , this is not a pure Swing style album , it is more a cross between swing , punk and rock , add to that some incredible lyrics from Steve Perry and you end up with `` Ferociously Stoned . '' If you are a fan of pure Swing you will probably be disappointed by parts of the album but if you are a fan of really good music that combines various styles and does n't follow some boring formula then this is for you . While some are at times offended by some of the lyrics I find them to be very honest and often humorous , you really come away understanding just how disturbed Steve Perry 's childhood must have been after listening to `` Drunk Daddy '' . Russ Meyer fans will especially enjoy `` Flovilla Thatch vs. the Virile Garbage Man . '' This CD deserves a place in any true music lover 's collection .
 Ok , if you are a new fan you probably think that CPD is only swing , but if you want swing stick to Zoot Suit Riot and do n't compare it to this album because they 're completely different . In fact , if you are into only swing do n't even bother with CPDs other albums . THIS ALBUM IS NOT A SWING ALBUM ! Yes it has a few swing songs but you can find them on Zoot Suit Riot . I just love this CD , even though I became a fan through Zoot Suit Riot . Almost the whole album kicks ass , and the different styles of each song keep you on your toes and keep you dancing ; even laughing at times . Please , just do n't expect this to be the same as Zoot Suit Riot because it 's not . If you are open to other types of music , just give this a shot at you might end up liking it . In fact , I disliked most of this album at first because I was expecting swing ; once I gave it a chance and opened up to something different I could not stop listening to it .
 Yes , swing hits made the Daddies huge . But those of us who were around them from the beginning know they evolved in the swing direction . `` Ferociously Stoned '' is an unbelievably great album !! It gives you all kinds of sounds and styles , with the funked up sound of the Daddies . It rips ! And whoever has seen these songs done live will tell you , it 's the best . Brain Surgeon , Dr.Bones , Master and Slave and more all kick ass . Their live shows are BADASS ! Shuddupalreddy and buy Ferociously Stoned !!
 ferociously stoned is sorta swing , but if you are expecting a zoot suit riot cd , forget it . still , it is one of my favorite cd 's . its only rivals are `` zoot suit riot '' and bbvd . even though i bought it for swing music , i loved `` dirty mutha fuzz '' , `` teenaged brain sergeon '' , `` you better move '' , `` answering machine '' , and most of the other songs . 1 song that really pissed me off was that life boat mutiny crap . every thing else is pretty good .
 I am simply unable to listen to this album without shaking my fanny around . The music is fun , and Steve Perry 's voice is wild , capable of many moods and variations . I do n't know exactly how one would categorize this album , music-wise , but it has many elements -- swing , disco , funk , ska -- which are excellent in and of themselves , and together make a superb and exciting album . Very fun to listen to , and serves nicely as housecleaning music . I have had this CD for 5 years and still listen to it incessantly . As for the profanity -- yes , it 's there , but it 's actually quite funny , and inasmuch as I no longer watch Sesame Street , I 'm able to appreciate this fact .
 Now I grew up listening to The Stray cats , Faster pussycat , ELO , The Dead Milkmen and Velvet Underground -LRB- among others -RRB- ; I love swing and Ska and this album rules ! `` Dirty Mutha Fuzz '' is funky and funny , `` Teenage brain surgeon '' is classic punk as well as `` Master and slave '' and `` Answering machine '' . `` Drunk daddy '' shows the swing direction that the band was growing into . This is real good stuff , call it Swing or Ska or Punk ... loud , brash riffs and colorful horns coupled with a lead singer with the voice mannerisms of Mike Patton . If you like music with complex tones and textures and are sick and tired of the commercial machine sound , you will REALLY like this album !
 To anyone who was surprised by the fact that the album is not full of swing ... WAKE UP !!! Cherry Poppin Daddies did not RECORD a swing album as some uninformed people might believe , Zoot Suit Riot is a compilation of their PREVIOUSLY RECORDED swing songs . Swing , although it is enjoyable , is a passing fad . SKA is here to stay and so are the Cherry Poppin Daddies !
 Setzer , Big BadVoodoo Daddy , Cherry Poppin Daddies , This is the greatest since Miller . Can , t get enough . Hope it doesn `` t die . Let 's enjoy while we can . Drums Horns and strings meld into pure movement .
 Barton & Sweeney are once again topical and timeless . They are the Simon and Garfunkel of the Prairie .
 I had owned Barton & Sweeney 's debut album -LRB- See my review for `` River Red '' -RRB- for several years before I bought `` On the Timeline '' . I adored their first disc and rushed to this disc with great anticipation . My first listen set me back , these were the same voices I had heard but this was definitely a new look . The first disc was a car driving favorite , singing at the top of my voice to the tight harmonies and soulful lyrics I had come to appreciate . This outing was less `` catchy '' but much more `` reflective '' . A combination of Folk/Blues/Country / and Pop drives this disc in a rather unique direction . Song subject matter varies from paranoid behavior -LRB- Safer Haven -RRB- , nocturnal dating behaviors -LRB- Anybar , USA -RRB- , racial identity issues -LRB- Black to be Blue -RRB- , the horrors of slavery -LRB- Free -RRB- and financial pains of a musician -LRB- We 're an Americana Band -RRB- . After multiple listening I realized these two had spent their time not remaking their first disc -LRB- as so many musicians do -RRB- , but taking their knowledge of their own music stylings , and creating something familiar but more complex . Favorite cuts include `` Safer Haven '' , `` Before You , '' `` Free '' , `` Black to be Blue '' , and my favorite song from the duo `` She 's the One . '' Listening is the only way to understand these two singer/songwriters . -LRB- And by the way , their also great live . -RRB-
 `` On the Timeline '' represents some of the best music going on in Americana today . It does lack the zeal of Barton and Sweeney 's great live performances , but the songwriting ca n't be beat . Barton 's incredible skill in guitar playing melds beautifully with Sweeney 's vocals and rhythm guitar ; the result is a snapshot of what two skilled musicians can accomplish . '' She 's the One '' may be the definitive real life love song ; `` Safer Haven '' is just a heck of a lot of fun . Catch these guys if you get a chance ...
 Having been checking out up-and-coming bands in a lot of online music magazines lately , I came across mentions of Smoke Ring Days in several , including , I think , Pitchfork , whom I usually trust to have fairly discerning taste in new music . With ` Da Capo ' the reviewers were fairly on the money - this album is good , with world-weary and knowing lyrics set in upbeat musical arrangements to a winning effect . I like hearing a female lead vocal that did n't sound prepubescent - the warm tones here are a welcome contrast to the screachy voices usually favored by radio today . Musicianship all around is tight , with good performances on guitar and bass the standouts . Check out ` Sister Susan ' and ` Home to Stay ' as well as the harp solo on ` Do n't Walk Away . ' They are a band to keep an ear on .
 This is a pretty good CD by a group that is not that well known in America but certainly should be . Most CD 's that I buy I usually end up ripping the one or two good songs on the disc to my hard drive or iPod and filing the others away in a storage cabinet , but I play this one from beginning to end . there is not a bad song on the disc . `` Round and Round '' , `` Luck Do n't Know My Name '' and `` Do n't Walk Away '' are my favorites , `` Home to Stay '' is a beautiful song and I even like their remake of `` All of the Good Ones Are Taken -LRB- on the `` Sins of Commission '' album -RRB- '' . This is goog American pop/rock . I just wish more people were familiar with The Smoke Ring Days and their music . They are proof that some really fine music was created in this genre . These guys are so much better than several other bands in the rock & roll genre that do get noticed . I first heard about SRD a couple years ago , when I got a copy of `` Songs of Simple Dreams '' as a gift . I have seen them in concert a while back and I was really impressed by the fact that what you hear on CD is what you hear in concert . I feel that one of the traits of a good band is the ability to get your feet moving and the air guitar going as soon as you hear them .
 I was amazed to read on the liner notes that this band is a duo , like the White Stripes or the Brunettes , as their sound is so totally different and so BIG for just two people -LRB- yes , I know about multi-tracking , but still ... -RRB- . Anyway , I really liked the poppy aspect of this album , especially the eighties-ish verve of Round and Round and the bopping Hip Hip Hop and Do n't Walk Away , with their layers of vocals and fast-blues guitar riffing . And any band that writes a song about the old TV show The Saint -LRB- Simon Templar aka Roger Moore -RRB- is cool by me . All in all , a fun and really listenable record . Is this a new band ?
 Okay , here are the songs I really like on Da Capo
 This is the kind of music I like the most , lean , clean , well written and to the point music . There are some really good songs here , almost the whole album is great . Folk , Pop , Country and more are all mixed togrther to make one fine album . There are some great vocal harmonies here , listen to `` Round and Round '' and `` Home to Stay '' . I have not had this album too long , but it is quickly becoming one of my favorites . It 's nice to hear a band with their own identity for a change .
 Catchy songs , great performance . Simply put a very good CD . I listen to this album quite a bit , and never tire of it .
 I am an avid music fan , I have over 2000 CDs -LRB- I call my tastes rock-pop-modern alternative -RRB- . `` Dacapo '' is a good record , but placing it in the top 10 is a little more difficult . The music from this CD has changed my mood from bad to good more than once ... -LRB- not an easy thing to do -RRB- . It 's very uplifting every time I hear it . `` Luck Do n't Know My Name '' and `` Round and Round '' are 2 of my all-time favorite songs from this CD . I wish more bands made more albums like this .
 There are some very good songs here . What I think is missing is the power of the their other albums . This is more on the pop side of things . I will say the music is very catchy and put together pretty well . It 's a very good album for what it is , I just do n't like it as much as the other stuff . I guess I like louder kind of music better in general .
 In the synthesiser-dominated 80s and 90s , the Smoke Ring Days -LRB- along with a few others -RRB- provided a contrast with their guitar-driven rock music - a throwback to the sixties but with an 80s-90s edge . They recorded a lot of upbeat fun songs but did not always get the credit they deserved . As this album shows , they also recorded some wonderful harmonies . My somewhat affectionate four-star rating may seem a little generous , but this is an album that evokes my adolescence and plus , most of the songs are just plain feel-good . The two singles , `` Round and Round '' and `` Do n't Walk Away '' are of course great , but some of the other tracks are just as infectious , not to mention melodious and fun ! Listen to that little guitar action in the middle of `` Hip Hip Hop '' , you 'll think a little classic rock was thrown your way . This is a really good CD worth buying .
 I got the download for `` Luck Do n't Know My Name `` here on Amazon . I can see why it was a # 1 download , with its clever lyrics and rockin groove this song really moves me . This CD is one good song after another . I would say the style here is mostly Country-Rock , Folk and some bluesy stuff . I have always loved vocal harmonies , and this record is chock full of them . `` Round and Round '' -LRB- my other favorite -RRB- sounds like tons people singing . If you like twangy , melodic music with nice harmonies a bit of Country and folk flavors thrown in , thats what this album is about .
 This is a superb pop album . Hearing it now will never fail to put me into a good mood . This is not just nostalgia talking either , the songs are beautifully crafted and expertly performed . This music is just good old fashion fun . Were was it writen that every song and every album in this world has to be some big statement ? Sometimes its just nice to listen to a song and sing along with it . A new album would be great !!??
 The songs on this album are very memorable , each one is good . Round and Round is my favorite track on the album , the harmonies are just great . Home to Stay has a nice country feel . Sister Susan is a nice folk-rock song that really rocks . Hip Hip Hop is a catchy , jazzy rock song with a nice guitar solo . Half a Heart is a twangy country-rock song with a great feel . Mystery Train -LRB- of Love -RRB- is another favorite of mine . Luck Do n't Know My Name sounds like it could be a Bonnie Raitt song . Simon Templar is a funny kinda punkish song . Fate Comes Along is a catchy rock song with cool guitar harmonies . Do n't Walk Away is a great 60s kinda Yardbirds/blues-rock song , my second favorite on the album . This album is highly recommended to anyone who likes catchy rockin music with great harmonies .
 This is one of my favorite CDs that I own . I found them on satellite radio a ways back , and it is in my CD player right now . I might go for a while without listening to it , but when I get bored with the rest of my musik and the new musik coming out -LRB- which is happening all the time -RRB- , `` Da Capo '' finds its way back into my player fro time to time . If you like well-written lyrics , melodic guitar work , and nice female voices , this is one of the better CDs you could get . The production does sound a bit unpolished at times , but thats what indie music usually sounds like.Lots of earnest charm in some of these kind of bands .
 What a nice find . I found a used copy of this in a shop here for a few Pounds . Initially I was drawn to this CD by the cover art . I asked the clerk if I could hear a few songs and he obliged . I was immediately drawn to Round and Round , the vocal harmonies are just great . Next was Half a Heart , a super-catchy guitar-pop song . Finally Mystery Train -LRB- of Love -RRB- , a great Country/Rock song . I find myself playing this CD a lot . I think I will explore some of their other albums . This is a really cool CD .
 I took a chance on this album because of the other reviews , and the free downloads . There is nothing new as far as musical stylings go , but I like the general sound of the album and all of the songs are quite good . I would consider this to be Folk-Rock / Guitar Pop Rock -LRB- more ore less -RRB- . At times they remind me of Fleetwood Mac , The Cardigans and Moby Grape . This is a good collection of well written songs . A good thought out CD from start to finish . The stand out tracks are Round + Round , Luck Do n't Know My Name and Sister Susan . If you are like me and like to discover new bands and music , this is worth a shot .
 This is a straight-forward album so I will give it a straight-forward review
 There was a great debate about this movie in 83 when it first came out . Apparently they and the creators of Spinal Tap conceived this idea completely independently , had no contact with the other , and created both movies simultaniously . Spinal Tap , while much funnier -LRB- although the older I get the more depressing it is ! -RRB- overshadowed this movie project in the US and Europe , but remains a hidden gem.As this is British comedy , the humor is far more subtle but still a scream ! The Young Ones take on new personas as a go no where heavy metal band touring in England . They 've got everything from the scanky , unwashed denim jackets to the red spandex pants to the mullet wigs ! And Rik is there too , who moonshadows as a white collar banker by day , then when the documentary crew comes calling he charges in , puts on his wig and metal T shirt while still wearing his suit pants , black socks and wingtips ! I laughed so hard I cried ! I 'm just a poser too!And they even made a hilarious comment , when the hip chick rock journalist asks what they think of a-ha . They make vomitting noises -LRB- I LOVE a-ha , thank you very much ! -RRB- . The Monsters of Rock concert was a real scream , as they had comments from other English metal luminaries like Ozzy and Lemmie - but they were probably so high they did n't know what they were talking about ! Like all great bands , they lack the discipline , maturity , and sobirety to go on , so they split up right on the verge of success . A band is a marriage , and most are bound for divorce court . For those about to rock , we salute you ...
 Well , Spinal Tap was a great movie but in all honesty , this is every bit as good , if not funnier.Not only is the humour incredible , but the music is fantastic , a mixture of classic british hard rock & the comic strip gang 's trademark humour , -LRB- Rik Mayall , Adrian Edmonson , Nigel Planer & Peter Richardson -RRB- . Do n't miss it !!!
 i had vague recollections -LRB- only vague , it was 20something years ago ffs -RRB- of bad news ' cover of ` bohemian rhapsody ' , mainly the ` vocals ' and the line ` fat b@stards, i 've just playe the wrong chord ' . so while nostalgia can sometimes be a real eye opener in that you realise that things back then were ` cr@p, no matter what the lookback bores say ' -LRB- mes -RRB- , this and the comic strip -LRB- from which bad news was spawned -RRB- boxset is quite a nifty investment.the premise is simple enough , an aspiring metal band are shown first on a rockumentary in their search to make it big , and then reforming after the acrimonious -LRB- and public -RRB- split . the cd features some of their ` tunes ' -LRB- let 's just call it ` pub rock , shall we , although the ` ghengis khan ' solo and incomprehensible war cries always has me in stitches , as does the intro to ` bad news ' -RRB- and some hysterical studio ` banter ' . as always with comedy it 's the timing and reactions that make or break it - witness for example colin 's reaction to the ` ugly woman ' jibe.despite the fact that they were apparently unaware of each other 's existance you ca n't help but draw comparisons with ` this is spinal tap ' . music , especially rock , is ripe for parody . in its favour bad news has a distinctly english flavour to it , helped no doubt by the presence of three of the young ones . indeed , its got a similar type of anarchistic / toilet humour with plenty of profanity and you can see flashes of ` bottom ' in the interaction between vim and colin . i also feel it stole a march on spinal tap - compare the ` cashing in on xmas -LRB- dub -RRB- ' with the admittedly hysterical tap dvd commentary and you 'll see what i mean.another accolade is that i get the feeling bubonique ripped off ` ghengis ' for ` truck turner ' . high praise indeed . `` oh go and fetch the paper from the newsagent , daisy ! ''
 If youve ever watched and enjoyed the young ones you 'll love this , you can tell a lot of it was just the guys goofing around in a studio and there are some classic quotes . I gaurantee that if you buy this you will force your friends to listen to it and it will spread , well , like bad news i spose ! Exellent , natural comedy at its best .
 I 've always loved this album but just want to point out that there is one difference between this reissue and the older cd version . The cd total time is about 79 minutes . They edit a minute out of Bad Dreams which is unfortunate when they could 've taken a minute out of Life With Brian which is a jam with Brian May and has no comedy at all . It 's 5 minutes . They certainly could 've edited that one down rather than take a minute out of Bad Dreams . CDs can hold 80 minutes . I think they could 've fit it all on there . Otherwise , it 's a goer .
 This CD was good !! I love Craig Hayes and his group . You guys should go and buy it !!!
 This new album is fantastic ! I originally HAD to have it after I saw the Live By Request special on A&E and heard `` The Greatest '' for the first time . It was no surprise the rest of the album was just as wonderful . After growing up listening to my mother 's albums , I 'm proud to say that my infant son is soon becoming the next generation 's audience .
 I have always liked Kenny Rogers but I have not heard this entire CD yet . I bought it only for `` the Greatest '' . This has got to be the best baseball song ever recorded . It was the perfect accompaniment to our State Baseball Championship Highlight video . Nothing could compare to what I felt as that song played behind my son pitching to strike out the batter representing the winning run for the other team , for the final out to win our state high school title . Never has a song more perfectly fit an occassion . AWESOME !
 It 's bringing joy to lots of older folks -LRB- my 82 year old mother is singing along in the car about the ball going UP and the ball goes DOWN ! . AND folks of all ages.She Rides WIld Horses is the typical sound and Ken outdoes himself.Like Cher - HE STILL HAS IT !
 SO happy to see Kenny Rogers again with a hit CD
 When I first heard the radio station playing the GREASTEST , over and over and saying great things I could ` nt believe my ears . I am a big fan of Kenny 's for many years now and they do n't play his songs on the radio that much . So it really pleases me to hear everyone requesting him . my two little boys aready love the song and can sing most of the song . Thank you Kenny for another great tape . The whole CD/tape is good .
 Leave it to Kenny Rodgers to create a CD that , after listening to it fills us all good emotion . He is `` The Greatest '' and you can always count on his CDs to be one to add to the collection
 I 'm 15 years old and live in the Bronx . I love this album . I got it two days after it was released . It was worth the wait.The title track `` She Rides Wild Horses '' is so great . I originally got the album because of `` The Greatest '' but I 've listened to the whole thing and love it . I 've listened to it so many times , my best friend is ready to kill me ! If you 're a Kenny fan without this album , go out and get . What the hell are you waiting for ?
 Rogers ` new CD , `` She Rides Wild Horses '' reminds us what he does so well and what is lacking in much of current country music -- a poetent voice and consummate story teller . It is no secret that Rogers ' voice has not aged well ; however , what he lacks in vocal ability is recovered in his excellent phrasing and R&B influenced arragements , especailly in such covers of Sarah McLachlan 's `` I Will Remember You '' and Mike Reid 's `` I Ca n't Make You Love Me . '' `` The Greatest , '' a simple ballad about a little boy trying to hit a home run , is precious and a great metaphor about one 's renewed determination to succeed . With `` She Rides Wild Horses , '' Kenny Rogers succeeds , again . For those who are not Kenny Rogers fans will understand after hearing his new CD why he has been such a beloved voice in American music for four decades .
 The Greatest is one of the best songs Kenny 's ever had ! I have n't had the chance to listen to the album yet -LRB- two days til release ! -RRB- , but this song alone will be worth it . Buy this one for yourself or a friend . It 'll make a great present for anyone who likes kids and baseball .
 Man , Kenny boy , you 're awesome . This cd is his best work yet . Buy me a Rose is the best song I 've heard in a LONG time ! I love it , and She Rides Wild Horses is good to , you should definatlay buy it !
 I Like Kenny Rogers because he is a great singer and the music to this cd is very good
 I have been looking for this for about 1 year Thank youWe love the song BUY ME A ROSE
 This is a great CD if you like Kenny Rogers . He has a really good talent and a great voice .
 This album is a must have for all fans of Kenny Rogers . There are some fabulous ballads on it especially Buy Me A Rose .
 This song summarizes life in general , about keeping a positive outlook no matter what . I will include this in my collection , and I am a very selective listener .
 I have listened to the CD over and over , and each time its like I am listening for the first time . I love the entire CD , especially She Rides Wild Horses !
 I truely like that song . My brother is in Bosnia and when I here it makes me think of when he and I used to play used to play baseball outside during the summer and after school . I miss him so much . . Please make a single I would like to play it for him at my wedding . Thank you very much .
 Please release `` The Greatest '' as a single for those of us who do n't have enough money to buy the whole CD . `` The Greatest '' is fast becoming an American classic .
 I do n't know about the rest of the CD , but I 'd buy it just for this song . Some people think it 's lame , until the end . It 's funny and a great song ! I just love it . My friend and I are the only country lovers in our `` group '' and the others like it too ! I recommend it to all the country lovers !!!
 The Greatest is the best song he has ever done
 I bought this CD because of `` I 'm the Greatest '' which caught me & held me & always makes me smile . I also was intrigued by the title , '' She Rides Wild Horses '' I have just been re-introduced to horses & that song is great too . I have many CD 's & this is one of the best . I have played it over & over & All the songs on this album are great . I am purchasing this album for my sister , whom I know will love it too . Thanks Kenny for the songs & this CD . A Mountain Gal in CA
 Kenny really has done it this time . Buy Me a Rose just says it all for me . Fits my life to a tee . Best album since his Greatest Hits album . I view that song next to Lady for sure . And of course The Greatest speaks for another side of Kenny , the creative side . All songs on this CD are superb and sung as only Kenny can sing them . Sung with feeling and natural appeal . They are warm and romantic and relaxing . This album is going to fly off the charts . Kenny is back in full swing and it is so refreshing for the music industry . Every song on this CD i can relate to in some way . It sings life and reality and true situations . Hats off to a superstar and I thank him for such a wonderful CD . I have seen 13 of his concerts and he is awesome . The Music industry owes a lot to this great performer . He will always be the best . He sings what every man wants to say and every woman wants to hear . It does not get better than that !
 If you are looking for a review based strictly on somebody 's knowledge on Kenny Rogers , or based on somebody 's opinion of country music then scroll down to the next review . But if you are looking for someone 's opinion on what sounds good , then take this review into consideration . To be honest , I am not the biggest fan of country music , but the message that Kenny Rogers ' music delivers on this CD is so strong that when you listen to it you actually feel as if he is talking to you personally . With songs like `` Buy Me a Rose '' and `` The Greatest '' on this CD it is clearly one of the greatest collections of music on the market today . `` The Greatest '' is a wonderful song because anyone who was once a young boy and dreamed of being a baseball player when they grew up can relate to it . Not only does it bring back memories of childhood fun , but it also shows the determination that young children have to accomplish a goal or to capture a dream . `` Buy Me a Rose '' is in my opinion the best song on this album . This song will touch anyone who has ever been in love because it shows the hard work that it takes to have a successful relationship , not to mention how the littlest things in life can make the biggest difference . Overall , if I was able to give this CD 10 stars , I would have . Even if you are not a big fan of country music you will still appreciate the hard work and heartfelt determination that went into this album . And it clearly shows . Bravo !
 Kenny just gets better with time , and this album is no exception . `` The Greatest '' says it all about positive attitude in an outstanding song . He has 2 great covers on here of a Sarah McLachlan song and a Bonnie Raitt song , both well done and intersting new versions of the originals . Everything on the album is as gritty and real as Kenny himself , and just at cozy . This is one CD I 'm going to wear out , and then go buy another . An instant classic !
 A secretary in my office told me about this song about baseball sung by Kenny Rogers . I grew up with a bat in one hand and a glove in the other . I have a 31/2 year old boy who has a unique talent for baseball . I have dreams of him playing pro ball one day like most fathers do . I am in a new position in my profession and it eats up a lot of my family time . I do n't have as many opportunities to play ball with my son . I was driving down the road one morning and heard `` The Greatest '' on the radio . I pulled over and cried at the end of the song . Like your song , my son is `` The Greatest '' ! Thank you for making a song that is so simple , yet so meaningfull on so many different levels .
 This album has so many great songs it is hard to say which one is the `` Greatest '' . He sings of slow dancing , spending time with family and riding wild horses in your dreams . The music is up-beat and very catchy . Singing along is also a great deal of fun . Thank-you Mr. Rogers for putting out a very ` nice ' and enjoyable record .
 I do not consider myself the biggest Kenny Rogers fan . In fact , I have only this and Ten Years Of Gold . This is definetley the greatest country album from the past 10 years.Slow Dance More - One of the best on the album and should have went farther than it did.Buy Me a Rose - A number 1 hit . A great love song.I Will Remember You - I have to say this is better than the original version.Love Do n't Live Here Anymore - The backup singers make a great song an awesome song.She Rides Wild Horses - 2nd best on albumKind of Fool Love Makes - Another good love song.Loving Arms - I enjoyed this song but not the greatest on the albumI Ca n't Make You Love Me - My least favorite but it 's still greatLet It Be Me - excellent balladThe Greatest - Kenny saved the best for last.I think Kenny Rogers is the one of the greatest country singers ever and this is one of his best . He had a concert on A&E ; and I watched it to hear some of his older songs -LRB- especially The Coward of the County -RRB- and he performed several songs from this album which covinced me to buy it .
 I 've been a Kenny Rogers fan all my 24 years of life on this planet ! And this is the greatest comeback any ledgend can have ! This album has some of the best music Kenny has recorded ! `` Buy Me a Rose '' is one of the best ! The song actually went to # 1 on the Country Charts ! Kenny 's first # 1 since `` Make No Mistake , She 's Mine '' back in the late 80 's ! But I would suggest this album for any true country music fan !
 The highly sensitive words of writer Don Schlitz and inimitable talents of Kenny Rogers pay us a timely reminder such as was stated by the Reverend Mother to postulate Maria in `` The Sound of Music , '' to wit , that when God closes a door somewhere he opens a window . Regardless of religious persuasion or lack thereof , adults should find the message of `` The Greatest '' timely and uplifting . It is a good idea to listen to childish utterances . They are beautiful and accurate in their simplicity . Kudos to both Mr. Schlitz and Mr. Rogers for recognizing the powerful impact `` The Greatest '' would have on all who hear it . Any naysayers out there might do well to ponder on the lesson therein .
 I was running with my headphones when I first heard `` The Greatest '' . When Kenny said `` strike three '' , I cursed out loud , saying `` damn you '' . My 10 year old son and I play catch all the time . He is a pitcher , and loves baseball . I was so upset that a singer would sing such a depressing line ... and then the last verse came over the headphones ... and I had to stop in the road , overcome with emotion . Kenny ... my son and I love you , and that song alone is a true inspiration to youth and dreams . Keep it up !
 BOY , I REALLY LIKED HIS SONG `` THE GREATEST . '' I THINK KENNY RODGERS IS THE BEST COUNTRY SINGER OF ALL TIME . IF YOUR IN THE STORE AND YOU LIKE COUNTRY MUSIC YOU SHOULD BUY KENNY ROGERS `` SHE RIDES WILD HORSES '' THAT HAS `` THE GREATEST '' ON IT IF YOU DO N'T GET IT THEN YOUR MAKING A BIG MISTAKE . TRUST ME ON THIS WHEN I GOT THIS CD I WAS LISTING TO ALL HIS WONDERFUL SONGS . AFTER I LISTENED TO IT FOR A THOUSAND TIMES . I PUT ON THE GREATEST AND KEPT IT ON THAT SAME SONG ALL NIGHT THAT IS HOW MUCH I LIKED IT . THE NEXT NIGHT MY DAD KEPT LISTING TO HIS SONGS OVER AND OVER AGAIN . UNTIL HE MEMORIZED IT . THEN WHENEVER ANY OF HIS SONGS CAME ON MY DAD , MOM , MY LITTLE BROTHER AND I WOULD SING THE SONG WITH HIM SO BUY HIS CD `` SHE RIDES WILD HORSES '' . THANK YOU AND HAVE A GOOD DAY/OR NIGHT . OH YEAH ! I FORGOT TO TELL YOU IT REMINDS ME OF ME . WHEN I WAS PLAYING BASEBALL FOR THE KNIGHTS WHICH IS MY HOME TEAM .
 This CD illustrates Arturo 's extraordinary trumpet playing ability while providing even listeners who only moderatly like jazz great songs such as Maria and My Way . If you are a fan of jazz , his songs and especially the classic A Night in Tunisia will fulfill your desires . All songs showcase Sandoval 's diversity and ability . If your a trumpet player , you will be impressed and astonished , but this CD will be enjoyable to all who appreciate and enjoy music .
 Simply put , Arturo Sandoval is one of the most amazing musicians of our time . This CD puts together some of his best work , although several tracks lack the Cuban `` essence '' that go with most of his songs . It is truly outstanding none the less . During Sandovals ' cadenza on `` A Night in Tunisia '' , you can hear someone in the audience yell out `` Damn ! '' after one of his famed high notes ... well put . This is one CD that 's absolutely worth buying .
 If you saw his movie -LRB- For Love Or Country-great movie -RRB- and you like jazz music with an awesome trumpet player than you will love this C.D. . There is very little vocal , instead the trumpet is the lead singer . There are many other outstanding musicians and instruments that make this a great C.D. I bought the soundtrack from Love Or Country and was very dissapointed , but this C.D. more than made up for it . If you want more big band jazz/trumpet music than my second recommendation would be Cubanismo by Jesus Alemany
 This is one of the top jazz trumpets I have ever heard ! Sandoval 's technial ability and his range just topples me ! He is much better than Maynard Feguson , I believe Sandoval has an octave above Ferguson . You can really hear his ability in the song A Night in Tunisia . Sandoval takes one lick and plays it i 3 DIFFERENT OCTAVES !!! His skill is beyond anything else i have ever heard . I hope to see him live soon .
 If you like a good jazz trumpet player this album is a must . Big band sound . I wish he was able to exit Cuba before now because his music is a treat to listen to . He has a set of chops on him that wo n't quit . This is my first album of his and it wo n't be my last .
 I am a classical trumpet player who was considering playing jazz . Once I heard this CD , I was hooked . Arturo has inspired me to add Jazz to my repertoire . His range is the largest I 've ever heard . At the end of `` A Night in Tunisia , '' Arturo has a dual with an electric guitar -LRB- and wins -RRB- . He goes up and beyond anything I imagined possible with the trumpet , as well as low . The very last not that he plays in `` A Night in Tunisia '' is so low that it sounds more like an electric bass than a trumpet . While he does have the bright tone of a Jazz player , Arturo also has a rich dark sound in `` Maria . '' I do n't think I 've ever heard a song with more feeling put into than when Arturo plays `` Maria . '' He simply breaks the physics of trumpet playing .
 Arturo is an outstanding trumpet percussion and piano player !!!!! He can Blaze Thru afro-cuban music classical straight ahead jazz and acid jazz . He is such a well rounded musician . and almost everyone can agree with me when I say Hes TOO HOT TO TOUCH !!!
 While strugling in Cuba , and before his move to the US , Arturo seemed to be more passionate with his trumpet . This album shows his capabilities and , although not the wildest efforts , demonstrates the reason he is among the top ever trumpeters . DC
 I eagerly anticipated this album . It was the first one I ever pre-ordered . I ripped it open and put it on and then felt disappointed . Do n't get me wrong , it is musically superior to many other groups out there . I am a great fan of Pillar . But ... . It sounded like an album that was made too much from the head and not enough from the heart . It did n't have that bearing of the soul intensity that their previous two releases `` Fireproof '' and `` Where Do We Go From Here ? '' I guess that after that album they did n't know where to go from there . The songs `` The Reckoning , Crossfire '' and `` Resolution '' are great . `` Angel in disguise '' not so great.If you have n't bought any Pillar CD 's this should be your first before buying `` Fireproof '' and `` Where do we go from here ? '' so your Pillar experience goes from just great to I got ta play this CD every day.I am still going to eagerly await there next CD and still pre-buy it because every great group can have a so-so release every now and then .
 I can not claim that I have been a fan of Pillar since their forming days . However , I can say that , without a doubt in my mind , The Reckoning is spectacular . Its not often that I find a CD that remains in my stereo for well over a month . I am going to say that as someone who enjoyed Where Do We Go From Here , I believe The Reckoning surpassed it . Many will question Pillar for producing a a so-called mainstream album . Mainstream ? Obviously , whoever made such accusations did not take into account that the band has grown from Where Do We Go From Here 's nu-metal influences . I will say with all honesty , I am not Christian . I do not believe in God , but I can say that this album has made a difference to me . Every song has given me a sense of hope and generally a feeling that life will always go on . Thankfully , Pillar can create great music , without sounding preachy , or giving way to what the `` fad '' currently is . Enjoy the album for its music and its message !
 After listening to Fireproof , Where Do We Go From Here , and now the Reckoning , Pillar 's tremendous evolution in the melodic metal genre becomes apparent . Going from generic rap-rock in Fireproof to the soaring choruses and intricate riffs of a band ascending beyond what was expected in WDWGFH , Pillar has now morphed into a mature and confident rock band that is unafraid to abrogate the suffocating taboos of hard rock . They are constantly on the move , one step ahead of where everyone is at the time , and have truly become trendsetters in hard rock.It 's hard to imagine any other band pulling off the hard-rocking , earth pounding , southern riffs of ` The Reckoning ' and then following it up with ` Angel in disguise ' with any credibility . But Pillar is so mature as a band , so unafraid to take risks , and confident in their vision , that there able to go from high voltage rock in ` Crossfire ' to a melodic song your mom could fall in love with in ` Wherever the Wind Blows ' . And that 's the niche of this album , it shows a band constantly moving forward without deferring to convention or expectations . That they can put together an album with such diversity as ` The Reckoning ' and not be laughed off the face of the earth , is a testament to that . Pick this album up , its definitely one of the year 's ten best .
 Pillar has always been one of my favorite bands , but on this cd they just outdid themselves . This cd is so diverse ! It shows so many sides of them I did n't know they had . And man have they evolved from Where Do We Go From Here !!! This cd rocks from Everything to Chasing Shadows at Midnight ! Go buy this cd now ! My favorite tracks are Awake , The Reckoning , Tragedy , Crossfire , Resolution , and Chasing Shadows at Midnight ! But they 're all absolutely amazing .
 `` The Reckoning , '' by Pillar , offers up a lot more of what they offered beginning with their stellar album , `` Where Do We Go From Here ? '' There 's a lot less rap and more bottom-heavy , straightforward rockers on this album than in most of their previous efforts . The album bursts open with `` Everything '' and holds up well throughout with a only a few slower tunes in the mix . `` Last Goodbye '' and `` Angel In Disguise '' are two of their slowest tracks , but are still excellent to listen to . My personal favorites include the title track , `` Sometimes , '' `` Crossfire '' and `` Awake . `` Pillar 's sound is very similar to most secular mainstream nu-metal bands . As stated before , they 've slowly peeled the rap-metal away from their style -LRB- thankfully -RRB- , so do n't expect to hear Saliva with a positive message when listening to Pillar . I 'm sure that there will be plenty of Christian fans who find the album lacking in direct references to God and/or Jesus . However , if you can place a band on the radio between groups like Velvet Revolver and Buckcherry and have the listener not say , `` Hey , they snuck in one of those Christian bands , '' I think you 're doing a pretty good job of getting your message across . As much as I love Christ-centric bands like Petra -LRB- you 're missed -RRB- , it 's tough for a person who 's been pumped full of secular rock to adjust to Christian rock right away . Keep on doing that thing you do , Pillar . It sounds great.Highly recommended to fans of nu-metal , secular , Christian or otherwise .
 This is the best Pillar album yet altogether . It 's got everything , literally , from soft to heavy . And this time they actually do alot of them pretty good and rap free . Best Song is without a doubt Crossfire .
 A good album that can be played all the way through . It is not quite as hard as some of their past albums though .
 I just recently moved to Oklahoma and started a new Church because I met a nice girl who cut my hair and she invited us to her Church , but the really awesome part is her husband is the new drummer for Pillar . I attend LifeChurch.TV and I have only purchased this CD of Pillar 's but after experiencing what I did this last Sunday when Rob performed in the live band there at the Church it was a truly amazing , and gave me a new feeling for God ! He has changed my opinion of his music too because I was n't very happy with this CD , but after listening to him sing at the church it got me to purchase For Love of the Game , and I ca n't wait to get it and listen to it ! He is an amazing Christian and so is the rest of his band . I definitely recommend Pillar for your Alternative Christan Music listening needs .
 I 'm not sure what that guy claiming this to be slow dance music is all about . I mean seriously , Crossfire is probably the heaviest -LRB- and yet still melodic -RRB- song they 've ever done ... and Everything is pretty much the best rock song they 've done period . This is a great album , with yes , some slower songs , but that 's a good thing .
 From a musician 's natural perspective -LRB- not supernatural -RRB- all I can say is this band can groove and rock at the same time . Some of the feel in this song is so tight it could make my grandma start krump ` n . If you see this band in concert you 'll know what I mean if you no anything about groove . Now if you are looking for something more supernatural as we all should be , then do what you learned in Sunday School and go to church like you 're supposed to .
 It is sad to think about how awesome these guys could really be if they tried . Their music is great and the song craftsmanship is excellent . But , it all gets ruined at the end of every song with this very stupid sounding distorted scream that simply discounts the whole listening experience . If they would keep that out of it , they songs would be much more listenable and would withstand the test of time .
 Buy this record today and be shocked by how far Christian Rock has gone in the past decade . Pillar nevers fails to release instant hits . Pillar does n't plan on dissapointing their fans . Their music only gets better.Cirkit -LRB- I 'm 17-and I do n't like having my computer hacked ... -RRB-
 These guys continue to do what they do best . Rock . Hard.Been to many concerts , love all the CDs ; and this one does n't dissapoint . Give it a shot , you wont regret it .
 If your a Christian that likes hard rock , then get it!These guys rock . Pillars `` For the love of the game '' is even better ... a must have!I 've been looking for hard rock and do n't want to support the other rock groups that are cultists or satanists . Read the lyrics of most of the popular hard rock or metal bands and it will reveal they are rejecting JESUS/GOD . Be aware of what you listen to . Do n't listen to the enemy 's lyrics ! These guys -LRB- Pillar -RRB- are Christians and their lyrics support it , so support them !
 A good CD with some great songs , usaully I like all there songs but with this one I only like about 70 % which is more than most cds for most bands so still definitely a great CD .
 I 'm honestly not a big fan of Pillar . I find the music repetitive and the lyrics very cheesy and too forthright -LRB- i like a little creativity and poetry from time to time but that 's personal -RRB- . But this cd is great . It is a HUGE step forward from there former work . Rob was never really good at rapping but since he started singing more he has grown into a solid frontman . `` everything '' `` awake '' `` chasing shadows at midnight '' `` When tomorrow comes '' and `` crossfire '' are the best tracks in my opinion . Good job overall and way better than anything they 've done before . I hope they stick to this instead of reverting to crappy rock songs like `` Dirty Little Secret '' and `` Underneath it all '' ugh just the thought of it ...
 PILLAR IS BACK BABY !!! This cd is incredible !! I have listened to this for over 2 months as I got the stream earlier , and this will go down as 1 of if not the best christian rock cd of 2006 . Buy this , even if you hate pillar , you will be fan for life after this cd , it 's so diverse in every song , one slow , one fast , one super hard , one pop , you name it . BUY THIS CD !!
 PILLAR IS BACK BABY !!! This cd is incredible !! I have listened to this for over 2 months as I got the stream earlier , and this will go down as 1 of if not the best christian rock cd of 2006 . Buy this , even if you hate pillar , you will be fan for life after this cd , it 's so diverse in every song , one slow , one fast , one super hard , one pop , you name it . BUY THIS CD !!
 Anyone who tries to tell me that rap is all about bling bling and a glamorized drug culture needs to take a listen to the Coup . This group does what I thought could n't be done , they make intelligent , funny , and poignant rap music with a deep groove and a sense of how to rock a party . In fact , this Oakland duo is making party music for the coming revolution.The Coup is Pam the Funkstress as DJ and Boots Riley , MC . Pam 's work is amazing here , both as a scratcher and as a producer with an ear for big fun grooves . The influence of classic funk is all over this CD . Jams like Laugh/Love/F * & % and Monkey Off Your Back have a serious four on them that recalls classic P-Funk , while Shoyoass has a keyboard solo on it that might have come straight from Bernie Worell . Even the sillier stuff like Head -LRB- of State -RRB- and I Love Boosters are characterized by grooves that wo n't quit and make your feet want to get up and move . In fact , if another rapper was over top these beats it not hard to imagine any number of them as club hits.But another rapper is n't working in this duo and thank God for that . Boots Riley is one of the more gifted and intelligent rappers working today . His rhymes are passionate , often very funny , and occasionally moving without the `` slice of life '' street violence of even the most socially conscious mainstream rappers . What other rapper would mix a call to revolution with a call to party . -LRB- `` If I ca n't change the world I ai n't leavin ' / Baby that 's why you should call me this ev ` nin ' -RRB- Boots wants revolution , there 's no question . He mixes a street smart sensibility with fairly well developed revolutionary thought , but he is at his most humorous when he 's most political . His use of a childhood street taunt to recap the secret history of the Iraq conflict is both funny and frightening since it 's all true . The ongoing skit and song about Assbreathkillers is hilarious and a call to all people to examine how much we put up with day to day from those who we allow to have power over us.But Riley is also an extremely versatile rapper . Lay Around All Day In Bed is one of the sexiest raps I 've ever heard , mixing a sensuous groove from Pam that recalls classic Bootsy Collins with a sexy rap about not wanting to leave your woman for your work . Being Boots , he brings in resentment against meaningless work and the daily grind and eventually builds the track into a call for social revolution ... but he does it soooooo smoothly . Boots also tells stories that in other hands could be fairly maudlin , such as Tiffany Hall , a tribute to a young black woman of intelligence , who 's self-image is marred by her heavy frame and who dies of complications from botched liposuction . In other hands this would almost surely be played for irony or laughs , but Boots plays it totally straight and the track becomes an honest self-criticism -LRB- he admits that he too made fun of her large backside -RRB- and an indictment of a society that would put more emphasis on the shape of a woman rather than the spirit she shows.The tracks on this disc are enhanced by some rather incredible musicians , who help the disc maintain a live funk sound rather than the rather old sounding looped hip hop which still dominates the genre . And several tracks feature the voice of Silk E , a singer with whom I am unfamiliar but who impresses me very much . In fact , Silk E gets the most moving track of the album all to herself , the surprisingly poignant Baby Let 's Have A Baby -LRB- Before Bush Do Something Crazy -RRB- . Despite the humorous sounding this track is a tender cry for love from a woman who has just gotten her life together and stopped smoking crack and looking for a little permanence in a world which seems careening towards destruction . Silk E 's voice is tremulous with emotion and makes the track deeply affecting.All in all , Pick a Bigger Weapon proves that , despite impressions to the contrary , it is possible to produce a socially conscious , politically progressive rap album that is also entertaining and a blast to dance to . Other highly political MCs like Immortal Technique , Dead Prez and Son of Nun should take a page from Boots and Pam and remember that it 's no coincidence that political parties have the word PARTY in them . After all , in the words of George Clinton , free your mind and you 're a ** will follow !
 This is the sexiest revolution record since `` What 's Going On '' and the smartest state-of-the-world dance record since the peak of The Clash . I 've had this playing constantly since I bought it . `` My Favorite Mutiny '' will catch a lot of people , as it should . `` Laugh/Love/F ** k '' is what `` Songs in the Key of Life '' would 've sounded like if Huey Newton was on the mic . `` The Stand '' is beautiful & heartbreaking , with the threatened violence not about putting up a front but the last stand of a family man who has been pushed to the edge -- filled with lush strings , wah-wah guitar and a warm Hammond organ . The whole thing has an early Prince feel peeking out behind the 70s funk.The musicians are all superb . It sounded like Parliament players and it turns out some of them are on the sessions . Boots Riley is that hip-hop guy Bob Dylan predicted -LRB- in the autobiography `` Chronicles '' -RRB- would be the one to carry on the serious work.A few of the last tracks lose a little steam , but even those are growing on me . Good good good .
 The Coup is one of the best ways to get aquainted with the Bay , with Oakland . Listen to any of The Coup albums - Kill My Landlord , Genocide & Juice , Steal This Album , etc. - what we are essentially listening to is a soulful , funky , clever , bold , uncompromising , satirical , often downright funny indictment of the streets of Oakland , of the toiling , underprivileged , communities of the world , and , perhaps most importantly , of the oppressive political structure - capitalism - that keeps the poor , poor , and the rich , rich . What has made The Coup one of the best and most consistent rap groups to ever come from Oakland , what has made them a benchmark of `` conscious hip hop '' everywhere , is their unique ability to draw from the diversity of Oakland , and not fall into what I like to refer to as the clich&eacute;d , suburban , granolaism inherent in most socially aware rap music . Boots taps into the history of Oakland
 Boots and Pam have done it again . There are still some better tunes -LRB- Funk , Pimps -RRB- from earlier albums - but this album is 100 % Coup and 100 % funky . The best tune on the album is My Favorite Mutiny - fantastico . The Coup still rules .
 this is my favorite coup album , lyrics are on point and the beats are jazzy and smooth.def cop if a fan of coup
 I do n't really know much -LRB- anything ! -RRB- about hip hop , but I love this album a lot . I got it after listening to the first couple of songs released fromStreet Sweeper Social Club , I liked that album enough to look for more music by Boots Riley.Wow . Great music , a lot of the songs make you want to dance and move which is n't always true of music that has the sort of political and social depth the lyrics these songs have.Jello Biafra appears briefly in the album in one of the skits.My favorite songs on the album are Laugh/Love / and My Favorite Mutiny and the mellower song I Just Wan na Lay Around All Day In Bed With You , but I enjoy the whole album and it 's high on the frequent playlist on my ipod .
 This is an excellent album with positive beats and an even better message . The Coup are awesome & I 'm planning on picking up the rest of their CDs as soon as I can . Non-mainstream , non-conformative , thought-provoking hip hop at its finest . I fully recommend .
 After having seen them for the first time at the Montreal Jazz Festival , I had to run out and buy this album -LRB- got it yesterday -RRB- . As the Editorial Review says , the beats are amazing and the political commentary especially poignant . Boots is as smooth as they come and the whole album is thoroughly enjoyable . Time to listen to Steal This Double Album tonight ...
 I could n't agree more with Scott -LRB- two reviews below me -RRB- , but on to the album.The Coup 's 5th album `` Pick A Bigger Weapon '' has raised the bar since `` Party Music '' , Boots Riley comming at you with more political rhymes about the inner work force and some recent events . I 've just gotten into their music early this year , and since then I have n't looked at my job the same . `` Laugh/Love/F *** '' is a good song with a nice head nodding beat that many will like . `` My Fav Mutiny '' features vocals from Black Thought of The Roots and Talib Kweli from Black Star , an instant stand out track right there , and may attract new listeners . The long distintive title `` ijuswannalayaroundalldayinbedwithyou '' is a very slow song revolving around the clock at the job . `` ShoYoA ** '' and `` A ** Breath '' will take you back to the old Coup days of what they used to talk about -LRB- And I thought Pam was just going to be on the cover and not do anything , but she actually says a few words and gets her scratches in the `` ShoYoA ** '' song -RRB- `` A ** Breath '' is a no brainer if you 're familar with The Coup -LRB- even if you 're not , you can guess what that song talks about -RRB- . I recommend that you do n't take the song `` I Love Boosters '' into action unless you 're very good at it . It 's a song about the reason why people shoplift to resale the clothes to make money . -LRB- And if you 're working at a retail shop , it would n't be a good idea to clap if you see someone run out of the store with unpaid clothes ... but it 's all humor though -RRB- . `` BabyLet ` sHaveABaby ... '' singer/rapper Silk E. sings a somewhat of an emotional song , basically repeating the title with some extra vocals . `` The Stand '' is the final track on the CD on and it 'll nod your head over the topic of standing up for what you believe in.One annoying track I would have to say is `` Head -LRB- Of State -RRB- '' of how the hook has a kid 's jumprope song about Bush and Hussein . May be a politically funny song to some listeners but others may get a little irritated . Also , The Coup is mostly known for having fans listen to their message sending lyrics , so production gets kind of loose in parts of the album . Also I 'm a little mad that Pam does n't do as any scratches as she did on Party Music . Since The Coup is more focused on their message , production gets a little loose in various parts of the album.Basically this album is about politics from a poverity standpoint and it stands out from other Coup Albums that I 've heard so far . It will be a good for Coup fans old and new . Kinda reminds of those political cartoons that are found in newspapers . Wonderful album and I hope they keep up the good work . Recommended for blue collar & anti-Bush hip hop heads.Lyrics
 The Coup - Pick a Bigger Weapon -LRB- Epitaph , 2006 -RRB- Man , take one genre like snap music and a few East Coast albums that disappointed some fans and all of a sudden hip-hop is dead ? No way , you just have to know where to look . While New York and the Dirty South continue to duke it out for the sake of claiming 2006 hip-hop , why not look towards the West Coast with The Coup?This group has been around since 1993 -LRB- `` Dig It ! '' was the jam for me -RRB- but this is the only album I have of theirs besides 1998 's Steal This Double Album . If you never heard of them , they are mainly a revolutionary band who knows how to have fun as well . On Pick a Bigger Weapon , Boots Riley -LRB- the rapper -RRB- produces much of the album while still teaching us of society 's woes . `` We Are the Ones '' and `` Captain Sterling 's Little Problem '' are funny yet informative tracks while `` I Love Boosters ! '' talks about people stealing clothes from store and selling them on the street -LRB- similar to Jody in the movie , `` Baby Boy '' -RRB- . But I think my favorite songs have to be `` Laugh/Love/F *** '' -LRB- with singer Silk E. on the hook -RRB- and `` ShoYoA ** '' . Honorable mention also goes to `` Ijustwannalayaroundalldayinbedwithyou '' , `` Head -LRB- of State -RRB- '' and `` My Favorite Mutiny '' -LRB- with Black Thought and Talib Kweli -RRB- . For the latter track , one reviewer said that it needed more percussion ; I disagree , the song rides well with just a thumping bass drum -LRB- and besides , there are congas that come in at the end -RRB- . Furthermore , `` Babylet ` shaveababybeforebushdosomethingcrazy '' only features Silk E. singing and Dwayne Wiggins playing the guitar ; since she sang on other songs on this album , this soul ballad does n't interrupt the flow . `` A ** - Breath Killers '' and its surrounding skits may be a little too much for some people and I noticed that DJ Pam the Funkstress does n't do much scratching on this album but Pick a Bigger Weapon is still very , very hot . The grooves actually remind me a little of OutKast 's early work -LRB- I wish their new album sounded like this -RRB- . This album is maybe not the best album to listen to if you 're right-wing but the best to listen to if you 're looking for proof that hip-hop is still alive and kicking . - EJR
 What I mean is , c-o-u-p is really meant to be pronounced `` coo '' , not `` coop '' -LRB- add an `` e '' to the end of the word and THEN it would be pronounced `` coop '' -- of course , then it would refer to a popular method of transportation -RRB- . But I 'm sure no one came to this page for an English lesson , so I 'll say that Boots Riley -LRB- who really needs to do something about that ` fro -RRB- and Pam the Funkstress ' latest album Pick a Bigger Weapon is a nice alternative to all the other hip-hop out there right now.I did n't know if they 'd EVER have a new album after the original cover of their 2001 album Party Music depicted them blowing up the Twin Towers -LRB- a few months before 9/11 , mind you , but it still was n't the best idea -RRB- . But at any rate , the best songs on this album to ME are `` Laugh/Love/F *** '' and `` Mindf *** '' -LRB- by the way , who forgot the EXPLICIT CONTENT sticker ? -RRB- . And I was upset at first before I realized that `` Captain Sterling 's Little Problem '' is a parody rather than a blatant radio-friendly track . `` My Favorite Mutiny '' -LRB- with Talib Kweli and Black Thought -RRB- is another song not to be missed.There are also a few political and introspective cuts on this album . While `` Head -LRB- of State -RRB- '' might be hard for some people to get into , `` I Love Boosters '' is a humorous telling of the real-life problem of boosting -LRB- FYI
 Good to hear that there is someone out there that 's popular in the clubs ... but maintains a message and logic . Unfortuanatly I 'm sure most of the fans do n't have a clue as to what half there songs are about . Not unlike Dead Prez , Skinny Puppy , Antipop Consortium , Jeru Da Damaja , KRS-ONE etc. . Everybody just wants to dance and be ... entertained as the world around them falls apart.Anyhow , rants aside this is a very this album , it has a very Motown kind of sound to it though I 'm sure that is just synths and not actual instruments.Regardless the M.C. is good , the words hard hittting , and like I say , Jello Biafra from the Dead Kennedys is on it , you ca n't go wrong !
 Pick a Bigger Weapon - Simply the Best!I 'm some-what new to The Coup ... this album put me over the edge ! It 's got it all , the beat , the vocals -LRB- Silk-E = SMOKIN ' !!! -RRB- and most importantly - The Message . As far as I 'm concerned , this album is all anyone really needs to get by .
 It would be nice if some `` urban '' stations played this sort of material from time to time.If people are looking for more radical hip-hop , do n't miss `` Sonic Jihad '' by Paris . Unreal , and his website is very informative . Guerrilla Funk dot com.Also , there is excellent progressive hip-hop coming from Latin America . Hiphoprevolucion dot org . Artists like Akil Ammar utilize clips from radicals like Howard Zinn & Arundhati Roy in songs entitled `` Resiste , '' and Colombian rappers Zona Marginal are risking their lives speaking truth to power in that country.This art form has become a world-wide movement.Pass it around .
 This album slaps remarkably hard ... We are the ones - war march , with rapping in the motif of an 18th century british aristocratsLaugh Love etc - more chill , very niceMy Favorite Mutiny - BANGIN ` Shoyoass - fantasticOverall GET THIS ALBUM amazing
 While an interesting cd be forewarned it 's not the 2K that sprang up out of the ashes of The Timelords , KLF and related projects ... it 's some guys in Chicago with no relation to the aforementioned Cauty and Drummond .
 I was truly impressed by the talent of this group . They are very hard to find . This is industrial jazz at its best . They also do a great cover of Metallica 's ballad Mama Said . Check them out , you wo n't regret it . The vocals are just BEAUTIFUL .
 Rock the house , sometimes mellow , take you to the juke joint tunes . Kay Kay and the Rays are a talented , refreshing new group with a great mix of songs . The CD took me on a musical journey with sounds reminiscent of Santana , Robert Cray , and Etta James to name a few . Kay Kay really blew me away with her soulful and gritty rendition of There 'll Come A Time . All compositions and instrumentations are extraordinary . I believe that this group 's time has truly come .
 Great effort on this debut album . The album has style and depth . Truly a collectible for R&B fans . Once again , proof that Texas is , and always has been , a hotbed of superb musical talent .
 Good groove , good songs , just good stuf
 This cd is exactly what we needed in the Body of Christ . It ministers to every phase of experience . From slow worship to exuberant celebration . Foolish Kind of Praize is the compliment to every collection of anointed gospel music . Buy it and experience God in a fresh way .
 Whatever your taste this cd is sure to satisfy the craving to express worship and joy unto the Lord . I ca n't imagine anyone being dissappointed the `` foolish kind of praize . '' Purchase it and you will see what I am talking about .
 This CD is a MUST purchase ! `` Exalt the Lord '' brings you to praise the Lord from the deepths of your soul , `` for he is holy '' . Janice Davis , a marvelous voice . `` Joy of the Lord '' encourages you to lay down all that has concerned you and focus on the Lord - A must hear ; put this one on repeat . `` Jubilee medley '' what a flow of thanksgiving and praise ; I will use these songs myself . `` Daddy Father '' sung so beautifully . Every father should hear this song . I really do n't have the words to express the power behind this CD , so I 'll simply say `` a must get ! '' What a blessing not only to the body of Christ , but to the whole world . Apostle Tucker and Minister Victor Bell , send more CDs our way - be blessed !
 Down off the snowy slopes a falling streamIs rushing with a silver songTo the depth of forestWhere among a gentle murmur of a brookAnd warbling of the birdsThe silence lurks ... And nothing is in power to banish silence ... This music is a thanksgiving to the Nature that is surrounding us . This is a permission to take a stroll along woodland paths and realize the greatness and generous beauty of the woods . Without them our life here is like a farfetched role in an unkind tale . This music is an appeal going from the bottom of the heart , an appeal not merely to admire the beauty of the world around us but to preserve its existing state . Not to interfere and not to make a try for altering this world to your own liking , but just to live in it , in harmony with it . This is a perfect bliss . This world is so wonderful , it is here , and it is in the heart of everyone . And it is in Laura Sullivan 's heart from which this divine music is venting . Back to the world that granted the life ... The music of the Pianoscapes for the Trails of North America album is dedicated to paths that wind through various nooks of North American woods . Following Laura Sullivan we may walk along serpentine paths , inhale salubrious air , just lapse into day-dreaming in a green kingdom of Nature . There is a morning freshness and clarity in Laura Sullivan 's tunes as if morning dew drops are sparkling on a green leafage in bright rays of a rising sun . This is the music of Summer and a rage of life when you want so much to leave a stuffy and dusty town for a couple of days and to walk along forest paths to your heart 's content , having sensed a serenity of a renewed incessantly and forever young Nature.Laura Sullivan 's piano is very expressive . You feel as if you are not a mere spectator , you become a member of a magical movie who is travelling through wonderful sights of America . Laura Sullivan 's music fascinates you from the first moment till the last one . The performer is backed up by Chris Camozzi -LRB- guitar -RRB- , Richard Kuhns and Scott Fuller -LRB- keyboards -RRB- , Kristina Forester -LRB- cello -RRB- , Mary Pitchford -LRB- violin -RRB- . They create a very gentle , harmonious atmosphere . A new album by Laura Sullivan represents a most beautiful example of the best works belonging to the new age music . Not by chance a portion of proceeds of every disk put up for sale will be donated to the National Arbor Day Foundation with the purpose of protecting and expanding forests . Inside the packing of every album a small but very pleasant surprise - seed of trees in a stylish paper sticker - is waiting for a listener . An album cover contains the details of a correct planting of these seed so that afterwards new trees could grow out of them.Laura Sullivan 's music is the generosity of spirit , the sincerity going from the very bottom of the heart.Where the forests stretch from end to endAmongst the twisted twigs and mighty trunksOur trails will disappear ... Serge KozlovskyIndependent musical criticweb site
 `` Pianoscapes For the Trails of North America '' is a mostly upbeat follow-up to Laura Sullivan 's 2003 indie-release , `` Piano Solos . '' Accompanied by guitar , violin , cello , and keyboards , Sullivan takes us on a musical tour of several of the scenic trails of North America . PIanist Zola Van has released two albums to date that chronicle backpacking trips on two specific trails , but this CD takes us all across the US and Canada . Along with the CD , the album comes with a paper tree that has blue spruce seeds embedded in it , inviting us to `` Buy a CD and plant a tree . '' Planting instructions are included . Fifty cents from the sale of each CD will be donated to The National Arbor Day Foundation.The piano is the star on the ten tracks , with the accompanying instruments adding color and nuance . All of the tracks are original with the exception of Sullivan 's arrangement of Pachelbel 's `` Canon in D '' -LRB- `` Pachelbel For the Potomac '' -RRB- . Much of Sullivan 's previous album was very dark and moody , but , in general , `` Pianoscapes '' is much more optimistic and paints a beautiful portrait of `` the great outdoors . '' `` Mountain Magic '' was composed for the Appalachian National Scenic Trail , and has a swirling , joyful feeling even though the melody is bittersweet ; Chris Camozzi adds some tasty guitar work . Two pieces were dedicated to the Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
 Sullivan 's music is peaceful , relaxing and soothing . I use it to study and relax . I also play it for my infant to help soothe him and put him to sleep.Laura Sullivan is among my favorite pianists , and this album is enchanting !
 This comedy album from Ray Stevens is from 1980 . It was his debut LP for the RCA label and it was named after his surprise hit single , `` Shriner 's Convention '' . I call it a surprise hit single because of the length of the song and the fact that country nor Top-40 / pop radio was playing many humorous or novelty songs hardly at all anymore and so this single was a surprise in a lot of ways.It was embraced by the country audience and reached a peak position of # 7 on the country chart ... quite a high plateau for a comedy song . The song starts out with a bang and ends with a bang and in between we hear the famous phone conversation between Coy and Bubba of the shrine . Well , to be specific
 Kid Cole is great here , great voice , lyrics are not typical blues floating lyrics . Instrumental work is great . My favorite numbers are the Do n't Cry After Me Sweet Mama When I 'm Gone and Tear Em Down is closely related to whatever strain Whistler 's Jug Band 's Folding Bed came from . Good example of regional blues , shows influence of several regional styles . Rewarding listen .
 Griffith shines on his current release , just like a brand new sheet of the CDs namesake . Aluminum will prove to be a classic from the guitarist in the Cowboy Mouth camp . 11 well crafted compositons make this CD a sleeping giant and a great accomplishment to seperate Griffith from the his previous work with both the Red rockers and Louisianas Cowboy Mouth . My favorite tracks are Southern Girls , Watered Down , Good News on the Way , and Keep Me Comin ' Back -LRB- a great tune that brings back influences of the mid seventies in a good way -RRB- . Nevertheless , each song has it 's own character and are all great in each its own right . If this is what we are to expect from Griffith , a CD full of curve balls and changes-ups , there 's no telling what the follow up will be like and I ca n't wait ... RG
 I 'd give it four and a half stars if I could . I 've had this album since the 80 's and it just keeps getting better ... not world changing on the order of ' A Love Supreme ' or ` Charles Mingus Presents Charles Mingus ' , but a great recording of three talented musicians having a good night.You get the impression that these guys were on tour for a long time
 This is really one of those albums that have a special quality , a special magic inside . This is just one of those record you really would own . Believe me . One of those specials you search for going from one shop to another hungry for good music . This is it . It is REALLY one of the best records I own and in my case this means a lot because I own several thousands of Jazz records by masters of any era . This record is the document of a magic evening that Chick , Roy and Miroslav spent together playing the best music of their lifes . It is even , take note please , one of the best recorded trio music ever . If you are an AUDIOPHILE like myself you will find a very gratifying recording . Simply sit in front of your loudspeakers and let the music do the talking . No word from these guys is invain here . Everything is absolutly perfect believe me . This live album is one of the albums I take as a reference when people talk to me about Jazz trio . I do n't own he other recording from this trio , the studio date , but I doubt it could be incredible as this one . . but I will buy it ASAP . The guys . Roy is jazz drumming , the contest is over . GAME OVER , Roy 's the man ! Miroslav is a very interesting bass player , with a big sound and very precious ideas and lines . And Chick . . consider that ususally , I do n't particularly like Chick Corea 's playing ... but in this case I ca n't do nothing but adore it . The program is very balanced there are standards and moments of a sort of classical music that is simply splendid . PURE MAGIC .
 When you think about Chick Corea you always think in complex music with strange chords , only for advanced jazz listeners -LRB- whatever it means -RRB- . However this CD , is really charming and melodic . When I heard the third track I could ' t believe that It was 14 minutes . I just wanted it to continue . Chick makes a good work keeping you interested.It 's a shame that amazon 's editors did n't put it on the essent ials chick 's recordings . Anyway it 's a good idea for a special gift , or personal pleasure . Buy it !!!
 This is beautiful music . Chick Corea 's treatment of standards and his one solo piano excursion are breathtaking . The first track , entitled `` The Loop '' -LRB- an original composition -RRB- pretty much says it all . What empathy , facility , and lyricism !
 A typically fine Chick Correa outing marred by an overmiked bass during a substantial portion of the first half of this live recording . The performances are what one expects from Correa , Miroslav Vitous , and Roy Haynes and the synergy of these outstanding artists is clearly evident . But the bass frequently overwhelms the proceedings , sometimes to the point where Haynes can barely be heard . The second half of the performance , from `` Prelude 2/Mock UP '' on , besides including exceptional musicianship , is welcome relief as it primarily includes solo efforts by the three performers .
 With the ` highpriest ' Roy Haynes on drums , constantly spurring on Chick and Miroslav to reach their highest levels , we have a remarkable performance on our hands.Roy Haynes , a true surviver , is always on his game.I do n't think he is capable of lacklustre playing.Always a suprise around the next corner , and the unmistakable crisp , clean , snap , crackle , pop ` signature voice ' . A really energized set.Chick sounds like he 's having the time of his life.He playing seems to sparkle when he is playing with Miroslav and Roy.These guys have a long history.Straight ahead and inspiring music.Enjoy
 This is a great record . I 'm glad I bought it . It seems that it 's availability is limited - that 's too bad . This is straight ahead jazz played by jazz masters - none of that weird stuff - just good music . It 's one of the best records I own .
 A magic disc , with a great performance off all this musicians
 I was lucky enough to see Flipper back in ' 81 , ' 82 , '83 etc. . I was at the Kezar show . this dvd is a must for anyone who , like me , loved -LSB- loves -RSB- Flipper . the Berkeley Square footage captures a long-dead era when going to shows was lots and lots of fun - count the smiles in the audience ; check out the diversity of the crowd , and how they are acting . that was true freedom ! no stupid slam-dancing or moshing because it had n't infected punk yet with its conformist , lunkhead idiocy . THAT KIND OF PSEUDO-PUNK DID N'T EXIST . listen to the sophistication of the lyrics . the band , and its audience , are not morons with nothing better to do ; they were n't chasing the corporate music business dollar . and they were n't making bubblegum punk for an audience who does n't know better.believe me
 I 'm biased ; I flippin ' love Flipper . I was excited as all hell when this DVD was released.For me , these live performances demonstrate how free Flipper was ; they did n't care . They just played their damn instruments . They sang , screamed , growled their words . They would even let an occasional audience member sing . Why not ? It 's music , and music should be about the freedom of personal expression.If you do n't like Flipper , you 'll hate this DVD . If you like Flipper , you 'll love this collection of performances.A lot of folks could say that what is contained on this DVD is talentless crap . I say
 If you 're a Flipper fan you must own this DVD !! - two gigs from the early day 's - every song is great in it 's own way - of course the band is messy but that 's what makes Flipper so damn good ! - my personal pic 's have to be `` Shine '' and `` Life '' both with the late great Will Shatter on vocals . This DVD is 10/10
 I was actually at this show , and many others . It 's not for Elton John or Brittany fans and we accept your hate and wear it like a badge . It was , as had been said before , the real thing . Not generally well accepted but many A-list bands loved them and consider them idols . -LRB- I wo n't name , names but most of the lamest of you probably have a few of their albums -RRB- . That should n't surprise you , if you have that kind of talent , how could you not love them and seek inspiration from them ? So , if you do n't like them ... well ... maybe being your own artist just is n't for you . Perhaps you should just copy Madonna -LRB- oops , Lady Gaga has that one covered -RRB- . I know ! You should try a national Karaoke event ... I hear American Idol is always looking for people who totally suck ... at least it seems that way whenever I tune in ... Much love Ted and you 're as good on that axe as ever , heard ya fairly recently , your hair may be long and gray , but you 're still the greatest . Just sayin '
 Flipper is Cool ! Back in the day when rock and roll was dying again , Patti Smith saved it . The Ramones were like Chuck Berry and the Beach Boys on speed . The Sex Pistols turned everything upside down . Then came Flipper . And you had a meddling of all three into one . Of course , PIL -LRB- Johnny Rotten after the Pistols disbanded -RRB- was already meddling disco into punk , basically the way the Clash did with Reggae , and somehow Flipper never went beyond their initial outings . But who really cared ! They were great !!! I remember seeing them all the time in San Francisco , even at Bill Graham 's old Fillmore ballroom , where they used to make fun of the hippies and then turn around and call themselves the `` Grateful Dead of Punk '' because some of their songs were so long and Ted used to grind away on his guitar like Jerry Garcia on a good night playing `` Dark Star '' or `` The Other One '' or during a `` Space '' segment of their latter shows or going farther back during a `` Feedback '' segment of their earlier shows . This video does n't really `` capture '' the true spirit of Flipper -LRB- the Kesar portion is much better though -RRB- because the amps are n't turned up HIGH to really hear Ted go at it . He 's sort of background in an attempt to make everything seem like whoever recorded these videos was giving everyone a piece of the pie . But that was n't really the way it was . Not by any means ! Sometimes Ted was all you heard . And that 's the way I liked it . un hun un hun .
 This is a pretty cool record , especially if you are looking for some new electronica . I noticed that one of the members produced Switchblade Symphony 's last record and you can really tell , because this sounds a lot like where that record left off , but with more energy and not quite as dark . A couple of the songs are in the portishead/switchblade arena but most are just solid mid to low tempo electronic fare with guitar thrown in for good measure . I think the fact that they covered `` Back in Black '' and `` Golden Brown '' on the same record shows that they were n't worried about fitting into any particular catagory . I have a feeling this cd will stay in my car for quite a awhile .
 This is in the cream of the crop for all live musical performances.The band here is far superior to the `` Growing Up '' tour , regardless ofyour preference for material . Absolutely get it . You wo n't bedisappointed . Here 's the `` but '' . But if you still have your hifi VCRworking , I 'd highly recommend you get it . The dvd was remixed/remasteredwhen made to dvd . What was gained was some audio detail in theinstrumentation -LRB- so good -RRB- that are n't clearly audible on the VCR version.But I lived with the tape for years before the dvd was released and it should be told , if it has not been elsewhere here.One of the things that was gained on the dvd version was poor resolution . Dark or moderately stagelit segments look badly pixelated . Also , the audio track , perhaps through the remixing , is not always in synch . These problems do n't occur on the VCR tape . Furthermore , though I was already wowed by Paula Cole by her `` Harbinger '' album -LRB- maybe her best -RRB- previous to the release of this tape , as was Gabriel when he wentto her to tour with them I have read . Her performance here is stunning . She looks great and her performance is powerful enough to nearly steal the show or at some thunder from PG , and that takes some doing . Maybe some bad blood or PG just decided she was doing just fine on her own by the time the dvd was produced.On the dvd remix she 's been `` restrucured '' to be a background singer , regardless of what appears to be happening on stage.If I had to make a choice , I 'd take the tape for the better video qualityand the undiminished Paula Cole performance-night and day difference.But if it does n't break the bank , get the dvd , too . There are just enough instrumental goodies brought to light that it 's also enjoyable.Together they get 5.5 stars .
 This would be in my top 5 cd 's to take on a lone island for the rest of my life . One of the best shows ever caught on cd . Gabriel is one of our best modern day composers . The dynamics of the songlist on this live performance are amazing . It 's one great journey through pop music blending seamlessly with great composing , song writing & atmosphere . The DVD of it is also amazing .
 I had a copy of this album back in the 90 's but somehow lost it . After hearing some of the live tracks on the radio , I had to have it again . Out of all the CD 's that I own , this is one of my favorites . Peter 's vocals on this album and the extra added to the songs are awesome.buy it ,
 Since the so-called music channels do not play music anymore , I had to see this concert on Disney Channel . I was cruising the cable one night several years ago when I saw `` Secret World Live '' concert . INCREDIBLE ! Still the best concert that is now available on DVD . There is not a dull moment in this one .
 This is the CD to own , by far . I can listen to it a million times and not be sick of it . Peter Gabriel is a musical genius , infusing his unique sound with world music influence , most notably singers and percussion from Africa . And his lyrics are intelligent , not your standard pop/rock . I always enjoyed Peter Gabriel , but this CD incorporates all the elements into the best versions of these songs I have ever heard . `` In Your Eyes '' alone is worth buying this CD . I own the DVD of SWL as well , which is incredible in itself , but unfortunately cuts off some of the best parts of certain songs - like a young Paula Cole shaking the tree with her incredible voice . I ca n't say enough about this CD , except do yourself a favor and buy it .
 This double album is a great album that captures songs we all know in it 's greatest form . Peter 's voice is phenomenal . This version of `` In Your Eyes '' can be played from any boombox standing outside a lucky girls window !
 I am not the biggest Peter Gabriel fan but I have to give this release a definite thumbs up in sound quality , and overall music . Some of the bigger and lesser know titles but overall this cd has an electricity to it that will make you play it over and over again . Peter Gabriel sounds true to form and the band is obviously at its best .
 PG puts on a very good live show , and this CD is a good representation of it . Contains `` Red Rain '' which is not on the Secret World DVD , however San Jacinto -LRB- one of the high-points IMHO -RRB- is not here . The sounds quality is mixed well
 This is a nice CD because it combines Peter 's funky side -LRB- kiss the frog -RRB- with is rock out side -LRB- digging in the dirt
 Das ist das beste LIVE Album den ich je geh&ouml;rt habe ! Musikauswahl , Atmospher - alles , alles stimmt ! LOB ! LOB ! LOB !
 I am a long time Peter Gabriel fan from the early days -LRB- I went to the `` Lamb Lies Down on Broadway '' show when he was still the driving force behind Genesis -RRB- . As musical taste and life priorities change I had really not followed his career for a number of years and just recently viewed the DVD at a friends house . The next day I purchased both the DVD and CD and feel compelled to write a combined review for both items , if only to answer some of the low star reviews it has received in the past -LRB- obviously not too many as you can see from the high star overall -RRB- . This concert is wonderful the musicianship & staging are astounding , and the vocals angelic -LRB- aka Paula Cole ! -RRB- . I would recommend it to any rock , progressive and roots music fan . The African influenced rhythms , melodies and dancing -LRB- DVD -RRB- bring the kind of joy that compells you to get up and move . There are also fun rocking versions of old favorites that get the crowd energy going . It is total fun with cerebral message and lyric.I could go on and on but I wo n't say any more , other than to encourage you to buy this CD and also the DVD , they are both wonderful !
 I was not particularly a Gabriel fan before I viewed this DVD . I loved this concert ! I have also purchased Growing up -LRB- again -RRB- Live and these are both classics ! Recorded live in Europe , the technical and sound design is almost flawless . Gabriel and his accomplished musicians make it look so effortless as new and unusual set designs seem to evolve in front of your eyes ! Very entertaining , great sound , great performance !
 If you try only one Peter Gabriel release.Get this one ! The tracks are expanded in concert presentations , versus the studio versions.While I like the originals , these tracks just blow them away.One of my top 5 desert island live recordings.Great sound , great playing/vocals . A WINNER !!!
 This album is one of the greatest achievements of Gabriel 's career . The energy and emotion from the stage is perfectly translated into a layered and deeply moving musical experience . The sound quality is superb and Gabriel is on top of his game . Also notable is the set list . It is not your typical greatest hits + a few obscure new songs , but rather the concert flows like a conversation , almost leading the listener into believing that she is listening to a concept album . I always have this album in my short stack of music , and I anticipate that it will live there permanently . Buy this ! and enjoy . If you like it , check out Sting 's `` Bring on the Night '' which is also a superb and unbelievable live album .
 Secret World Live has more interesting elements then Plays Live musically . Rather then just keyboards , bass , stick , guitar , drums and percussion theres violin , doudouk , harmonica and a strong female vocalist . The playing and singing are great on many along with the song selection -LRB- Red Rain substitutes for San Jacinto -RRB- . The only drawback is that some of the tracks work better visually and musically then just musically .
 Take it into your CD player , set ultra-bass and volume to ten ... and feel the beat in your stomach ... This is , largely , the best Live CD I ever heard , and the reason why I must change frequently my car 's back speakers -LRB- hehehe ... ; - -RRB- From the first track -LRB- Come talk to me -RRB- to the last one -LRB- a wonderful version of `` In your eyes '' -RRB- , passing through a joyful `` Shaking the tree '' and `` Kiss that frog '' , this album will empower your soul everytime you listen to it.Nice record to get an eternal place in your car -LRB- beware from crashing the speakers , you know ... -RRB-
 Recorded live on his `` Secret World Tour '' in support of his 1992 album , `` US , '' `` Secret World Live '' is an excellent live document of this most gifted musical genius . With a brilliant backing band including guitarist David Rhoades , bassist Tony Levin , and an up-and-coming backup singer named Paula Cole , Gabriel is simply on fire . The bulk of the material is from the `` US '' and `` SO '' albums , but they 're brilliantly performed , including `` Come Talk To Me , '' `` Blood Of Eden , '' `` Digging In The Dirt , '' `` Red Rain , '' `` Sledgehammer '' and `` In Your Eyes , '' as well as a rare Gabriel gem , `` Across The River '' -LRB- only ever released as a B-side -RRB- . Gabriel & company are simply marvelous in concert , with passionate performances and superior sound.The only debit is that a few songs from the tour were cut from the live album -- no `` San Jacinto '' or `` Family Snapshot , '' for instance . But otherwise , this is a great live album from a most-great artist . Peter Gabriel 's `` Secret World Live '' is a wonderful live set .
 For me , this live album was recorded at the wrong time . It showcases what was then Gabriel 's latest studio album , ` Us ' , which is not widely regarded as his strongest , in musical terms.So we get plenty of tracks from ` Us ' and its predecessor , ` So ' , but no ` Biko ' -LRB- an early concert favourite -RRB- , and biggest sin of all , nothing from ` Security ' . I would love to hear how ` Rhythm of the Heat ' or ` San Jacinto ' sound in concert , but I guess they are to complicated to perform live with a small band.The highlight for me of this album is ` Steam ' , which has a great intro , very unlike the studio version.It is wonderful to read the other reviews of this album here , because the reviewers have clearly got more pleasure from it than I have . I 'm determined to give it another hearing !
 You MUST buy the video which accompanies this cd . It will bring this cd much more to life . The way Peter Gabriel moves , dances -- his expressions of joy and sadness are simply priceless . I originally saw the video , then HAD to attain the cd . So , BUY THE VIDEO !! Peter Gabriel is not only a loving , expressive soul , but he can be downright sexy and mesmorizing too ! And this can be captured SO MUCH more when you SEE him perform these songs ! I LOVED the dancing sequence in `` Shaking the Tree '' ! I was so impressed with the way he can move ! And boy ladies , can he move ! He 's so cute and loveable : -RRB-
 I bought this album on impulse , pretty much because In Your Eyes was on it . I got home , popped it in the stereo and fell in love . I did n't take it out of my cd player for at least two weeks straight . From the dance-worthy `` Steam '' -LRB- I get weird looks from people in other cars when I listen to this because I 'm always car-dancing -RRB- to the beautiful , haunting `` Blood of Eden '' this is a MUST-HAVE for any PG fan . Even if you 're not a PG fan , buy it anyway because you will be after this .
 If I had to own only ONE live performance CD , Secret World Live would be it . I also have the DVD version which is OK but the audio transfer on that is horrid and the CD version is INFINITELY superior.My all time favorite band is U2 which I 've seen numerous times live and own all their live CDs and live concert DVDs but the power and brilliance put out on Secret World Live CD is truly mind blowing.The versions of the songs Secret World , Red Rain , Sledgehammer , In your Eyes are much much better than the studio versions in my opinion . If you have a good sound system the difference is readily apparent with all the tiny nuances of the many instruments utilized and the bass and drums in particular thump.I have listened to this CD over and over , still am not bored of it and and no other live performance CD from any artist comes close .
 Peter 's Live Performance is nothing short of a masterpiece using unique combination of different instruments , backup vocals , and being creative with many songs over seven minutes long . Gabriel 's talent live creates a magical journey where you can really feel part of the show.Among favorites is
 I typically find it hard to enjoy a live album if I know the studio versions really well -LRB- and vice-versa if I knew the live versions first -RRB- . But this one is an amazing exception -LRB- along with Wilco 's ` Kicking Television ' -RRB- ! `` Secret World '' and `` Shaking The Tree '' are OUTSTANDING ! The energy is insane . Paula Cole sang on the Eurpean leg of this tour -LRB- damn , I wish she had been with him in Orlando ' 93 -RRB- . She 's just brilliant ! I know some may find this blasphemous , but I prefer her vocals on `` Do n't Give Up '' over Kate Bush . And that 's my .02 . Buy this CD !!!!
 Secret World Live is a must for any Peter Gabriel fan or someone who wants to become one . The live show accentuates his already masterful songs . It is heavy on songs from US his new album at the time but also includes such classics as In Your Eyes , Sledgehammer , etc. .
 I saw this concert on DVD and love it ! I had to have the cd to listen to on the go . Paula Cole , Tony Levin and all the other musicians in this show are a great compliment to Peters vision and sound . I highly recommend it to anyone who is a Peter Gabriel fan ! Buy this CD !
 I 've loved Peter Gabriel 's inspiration and creativity since the early ` Genesis days ' and really appreciate his eclectic field of diverse interests and influences.This is a killer CD . If you 're put off buying it because you have the tracks imbeded in other CD collections etc - do n't be . Gabriel does really well bringing fresh energy to his works in different seasons and this is no exception . It is just fantastic . Consider it a fresh interpretation of many classics and an exercise powerfully assisted by the energy of the perfomances , the vib of the audience and the not inconsequential collaboration with Paula Cole.The DVD is also great !
 I actually wanted to buy the DVD of the concert but I kept it anyway . Now I can enjoy it in the car as well .
 Peter Gabriel is the best ! I have not heard all of his work , but I always find something new to appreciate every time I hear one of his songs . Like being at a live concert . His lyrics are so visual .
 Very good double live cd from Peter Gabriel ... what a concert it was ! The sound is just perfect again , the choice of songs is almost perfect.Just one exception ... San Jacinto is not included on the cd but you can see and hear it on the DVD , a bit strange to have excluded this jewel from the cd . If you have notice , you have Red Rain on the cd and not on the DVD . Anyway , this is one of the best live performance you can have .
 Some groups strain so hard to come up with something creative and complicated when they are in a recording studio that new songs often sound more cluttered to me than a performance live before an enthusiastic audience , which helps listeners identify the high points . I often thought that musicians like to play the same song longer than new music is expected to be when new tunes are packaged in an album . I have a learning curve that requires a certain amount of time before I can get into new music so that I hear it as a presence that it echoes with anticipation in my mind . A set that comes with two discs is perfect for me if it comes with a few long songs on disc 2 . Great on all of the reasons mentioned , disc 2 of ` Secret World Live ' provides the songs ` Digging In The Dirt , ' ` Sledgehammer , ' ` Secret World , ' ` Do n't Give Up , ' and ` In Your Eyes . ' I 'm glad I had the opportunity to become familiar with MTV videos of ` Sledgehammer ' and ` Digging In The Dirt ' back when a rotation of familiar music videos was one of the best things I ever watched TV for . Now listening to this brings back a lot of the pleasure . Disc 1 has concert versions of the new songs I wanted to get anyway eventually , so getting this all together made a tremendous amount of sense to me , and it still does .
 Many musicians and bands like to put out a `` best of '' CD that features hits over a certain time period . Peter Gabriel has the fortunate problem , however , of being so remarkably prolific in his career from Genesis to his solo work that it would be impossible to do this.Secret World 's live album ca n't hope to be enough in only two CDs - but it does all it can to show any fan the beauty of Gabriel 's music . More than this , it also shows how passionate and captivating his concerts are . It made me wish that I could have seen him at one of these concerts . The pictures in the CD sleeve also indicate a concert of beautiful props and great artistic expression.With the wonderful opening of `` Talk to Me '' to the wonderful extended anthemic `` In Your Eyes '' the listener is given great insight to the essence of Gabriel 's work.I may have given this a full 5 stars , but Biko MUST be in any good listing of Peter Gabriel 's work . Such a powerful wonderful song leaves just a little bit of a vacuum .
 `` Secret World '' live documents the tour for `` Us '' -- the setlist is biased towards later material , seven songs from `` Us '' , four from `` So '' , `` Shaking the Tree '' and one new song leave only two tracks from the early part of Gabriel 's career -- brief instrumental `` Slow Marimbas '' from `` Birdy '' and `` Solsbury Hill '' from his debut album . Performs include Gabriel regulars Manu Katche -LRB- drums -RRB- , Tony Levin -LRB- bass -RRB- , David Rhodes -LRB- guitar -RRB- , plus vocalist Paula Cole , keyboard player Jean Claude Naimro , violinist Shankar , doudouk player Levon Minassian , and vocalists Papa Wemba , Reddy Mela Amissi and Styno Mubi Matadi . The result is a blend of Gabriel 's pop and world sensibilities executing on stage.Highlights are numerous , the execution of the show is flawless , from the powerful , building `` Come Talk to Me '' to the triumphant `` In Your Eyes '' vocal tour de force . Of particular note are the largely wordless `` Across the River '' , with superb vocalizations from Gabriel and great guitar from Rhodes , a great take on `` Shaking the Tree '' and a powerful reading of `` Washing of the Water '' . Its not quite as good as `` Plays Live '' -- but I 'm biased , I prefer Gabriel 's third and fourth albums to `` So '' and `` Us '' . Nonetheless , this is a great live set .
 Okay , I could wish for some of the earlier songs - but that wastrue even of the earlier `` Peter Gabriel Plays Live . '' I fear wewill never have good live versions of `` Moribund '' or `` White Shadow . `` And I could wish for a few more instrumental numbers like `` SlowMarimbas . '' I could wish `` Do n't Give Up '' had been replaced by anyof a dozen better songs.But that would be quibbling , when this is absolutely the mostpowerful live album since the Who 's original `` Live at Leeds . `` The songs are one and all performed better , more passionatelyand powerfully , than on their studio versions ; Gabriel ` salmost mystical connection with his audiences flows out ofthe speakers and reaches you at home . And I 'm not a dancer , butthe heat of the rhythms just gets me up and _ moving _ . For me , _ the _ album of the 1990s .
 To me and I know many others , Peter Gabriel 's music is something you just lay your hands on sight unseen -LRB- or ears unheard -RRB- and you know it will please . This is a good example.I have been to so many concerts in my lifetime , one day I need to write them all down . I know this sounds overly dramamtic and I am not a very spritual person but before you die , go to a Peter Gabriel concert ! You will walk out a different person .
 Peter Gabriel is an outstanding live performer and this concert recording makes a valiant attempt to capture the emotion brought forth by a Gabriel performance . A solid list of great songs and true concert recordings help , but the element of joy that is found in Gabriel 's live performances is missing . This album gives an approximation of what a Gabriel concert is like but misses the immediacy and power of the performance . The material and performances are excellent ; it just ca n't quite truly recreate the experience . For alternate versions of many of Gabriel 's best songs ; however , it ca n't be left out of any fan 's collection .
 If I had to choose between the dvd/blu-ray or cd version of this concert , yet a difficult decision , would have to go with the cd . The quality is great on it and of course loaded with masterpieces of Peter Gabriel 's . I never get tired of listening to it nor will I ever . By far one of the greatest live music cd 's I have ever heard.Peter J. Miller
 ` Secret World Live ' is a brilliant example of Peter Gabriel in concert . You can hear how he performs the songs live and how the audience react to them . This collection includes all his major hits , as well as some songs that are less known commercially , but which are just as , if not more , impressive . This tour was highly acclaimed for it 's innovative stage set , as designed by Robert Lepage , and although you ca n't see the set , you get a feel for how it affected the performance from the audiences reaction throughout . If you want a better idea of this , check out the DVD of this tour . This is a great album of Gabriel doing what he does best , performing simple , honest songs with passion and integrity . It ca n't be beaten.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
 i do n't know if there are enough words in the english language to adequately describe my love for this CD . take a journey to africa , england , and inside the mind and dreams of one of our century 's most intriguing musicians and songwriters . gabriel 's strengths as a collaborative artist really shine here , too
 I remember one night , I was visiting my mother 's house for a vacation back in 1995 . I did n't have a lot of cable channels at my house , so I was surprised that while channel surfing on of all places , a concert was broadcast on the Disney Channel . It was a live concert of Billy Joel being broadcast . Turns out that back in the day , Disney did n't have commercials and at night aired entertainment geared to adults.I checked the guide to see what was coming up , and there was a concert by someone I 'd not really listened to before , Peter Gabriel . -LRB- I did n't follow Geneses , only knew Phil Collins had replaced someone -RRB- Well , this concert blew me away . The rich tones , the `` World Beat '' of the music , and a great gravely voice with some staging worthing of a Broadway production . I could not believe my good fortune that I 'd stumbled across someone new . Well , part way through the show I heard Solsbury Hill , which sounded familiar but this rendition was really fascinating . When the concert closed with In Your Eyes , I almost wanted to get up and cheer.I spoke with a friend of mine about this show , and told him it was some guy named Peter Gabriel , and his band and female singer put on one of the best shows I 'd ever seen . I told him it was going to be on again , and if I could figure out how to get my mother 's old `` Beta Max '' recorder to work and if I could find a tape for it , I 'd record it for him.He looked at me with a blank stare , and said , `` Your kidding me , right ? You do n't know Peter Gabriel ? The name does n't ring a bell to you ? '' No I responded . He looked at me and said `` He 's the former lead singer of Geneses . '' I told him I did n't really follow them . He said `` Do n't you recall a few months back I asked you if you wanted to grab a date and go to a concert with me and my girlfriend ? '' I shrugged and told him I had a vague recollection . He said `` do you remember the name of the guy ? '' Not really I said . `` Peter Gabriel , you idiot . I told you you would really like him but because you did n't know his music you passed . And afterwards how me and my girlfriend were raving about the show . '' Boy did I feel stupid.Well the show was aired on Disney a couple of more times while I was visiting , but I never was able to get the Beta Max working . I did buy the CD and listened to it probably two or three times a day while driving.I now regret not listening to my friend and now accept almost every offer to go see someone new afraid I 'll miss a show as great as this one . -LRB- In twelve years , I 've only found 2 other shows I 've been more impressed with -RRB- . I 'm sorry to hear that the DVD is n't the exact same show on the CD or the one Disney aired . But that should n't stop you from buying the DVD or this great CD .
 If you watched the DVD of this concert , then you will want to buy this . If you do n't own the DVD , then what are you waiting for ? If you are a Peter Gabriel fan , then this is a must have ! If you are n't a fan , then this message is n't for you .
 I was lucky enough to catch this tour in London at Earl 's Court in ' 93 . I almost quit going to concerts . There was no way ANYBODY could match that show . If you did n't give this cd 5 stars , then you obviously have never been witness to a Peter Gabriel show . See him if you get the chance . Then come back and apologize for reviewing a perfect album as an imperfect and unknowing person . You will be forgiven .
 This set is a must for any fan , but it palls incomparason to `` plays live '' . As someone who has seen Peter in clubs as well as arenas I can say that this set could be better . The concerts themselves were excellent , but the CD was not . For my money , if you are going to buy onr PG CD buy `` Plays Live '' it is a much more representative collection of Peter 's live talents than this mundane set .
 This is a fabulous CD filled with amazing emotional lyrics -LRB- especially ` Do n't Give Up ' with Paula Cole 's beautiful soulful voice -RRB- and multilayered music . The energy is uplifting , the music full and intricate in arrangement , the lyrics poetic and inspiring . This is one of my favorite CD 's - it never fails to fill me with emotion and hope .
 Peter Gabriel does it again ! This album is very indicitive of the energy he puts into his concerts - a must for any Peter Gabriel fan !
 A watched the Laser Disk version of this concert and went out that night and bought the CD . A must have for any PG music lover !! Best listened to in surround sound . As the other reviews mentioned , `` In Your Eyes '' and `` Do n't Give Up '' are indeed the highlights of the CD . My girlfriend -LRB- and now my wife -RRB- fell in love over `` In Your Eyes '' . It is `` our song '' now . Just get it . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I could not think of a better live album . The sound is great , the musicians are very good and the songs ... . you 'd better look by yourself . Tony Levin makes bass and stick sound tough and clear . Manu Katche is clockwork and Jean Claude Naimro creates sound ceiling in the concert . But the best is Paula Cole I think . Peter 's voice has no changes
 I love Peter Gabriel and have most of his CD 's . The live album has great music on it and I think that In Your Eyes and Steam must have been recorded in the studio as he played them on this tour . The total sound of the CD is too dark ... There are a lot of base and low tones on this recording ... Anyone like to comment on that ? The music is great and the live version of Do n't give Up is great ! I did not mis Kate Bush on this live version .
 If I force myself into objectivity , there 's quite a bit I can say against this album . Although obviously a live album , it sound studio tweaked into shape -LRB- much more so than PLAYS LIVE -RRB- . `` Sledgehammer '' suffers from pre-programmed horn -LRB- and probably flute -RRB- tracks . Paula Cole 's backing vocals at times compete with Peter 's rather than complement them . I especially found her part on `` Do n't Give Up '' to be too ... well , too darn strong - Kate Bush 's delicate wavering voice on the original matched the material much better . The only track repeated here from PLAYS LIVE -LRB- `` Solsbury Hill '' -RRB- does n't sound as good . And I did n't really need a full eleven minutes of `` In Your Eyes '' , a song I never cared too much for . And yet ... and yet ... and yet I actually enjoy the thing when I put it on . I wish I had seen the show - it still sounds very enjoyable . I would n't recommend this to PG neophytes -LRB- check out SO or PETER GABRIEL III instead -RRB- but this one wo n't disappoint most PG fans .
 I have been entranced by Peter 's ` US ' CD since it first came out in ' 92 . Since the Secret World Live has come out , it has practically replaced ` US ' in my CD player . I now enjoy the live versions better ... especially Come Talk to Me and In Your Eyes ... I have had `` peak '' experiences many songs on this CD . The live version of Solsbury Hill is also quite amazing . I have recommended this to many of my friends , and they usually end up saying they ca n't stop listening to it ! SO WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR ? A new release of his or something ?? I have done some complex algebraic extrapolations with grafts using previous data of time-between-Gabriel-albums , and i have estimated that the next release should hit about the year 2012 . This of course is when it is prophesied by many ancient `` time '' experts to be the end of time and space as we know it , so i would n't wait for that . This does n't mean that I think there will not be another release ... I just think that the collapse of the time-space thing will eliminate the need . Those who resonate to the ` search within ' will find much inspiration , solace and magic in this release . The energy is transformational -LRB- in an alchemical way -RRB- .
 NOT EVERY BODY CAN GET TO SEE PG LIVE . HOWEVER , IF YOU ARE A FAN OF CLASSIC ROCK MUSIC , THE LIVE RENDITIONS ON THIS RECORDING WILL GIVE YOU GOOSE BUMPS . JUST CRANK UP THE VOLUME ON `` IN YOUR EYES '' AND YOU 'LL RAISE THE HAIRS ON THE BACK OF YOUR NECK ! THESE TRACKS ARE SUPERIOR TO ANY OF THE STUDIO VERSIONS - ADDING EXCITEMENT AND ANTICIPATION TO YOUR LISTENING PLEASURE . IF YOU ARE DEBATING ON WHICH PG CD TO GET , YOU AND YOUR PARTY FRIENDS WILL CERTAINLY ENJOY THIS ISSUE !!!!! .
 This is really the best cd of Peter . I just ca n't stop listen to it . All the songs feed my soul . The musicians are great and the voice of Paula is fantastic . You ca n't miss it .
 Every song is like magic . He seems to somehow get inside my head , and he seems to know exactly how I feel . No matter what kind of mood I 'm in , Secret World corresponds with everything . Especially the song `` Do n't Give Up '' with Paula Cole . That one is certainly my favorite , and I highly recommend this CD !
 of all the double live albums i have listened to and found enjoyable , this one ranks high on the list . It exhibits some of Grabriel 's great songs , both commercial and non-released . The one ingrediant , however , that allows me to put it on the proverbial pedastal is the vocals of Paula Cole . What a great series of performances she gives . Her voice on Do n't Give up , and the now legendary live version of In Your Eyes enhances and completes these songs in a way that is missing on the original tracks . -LRB- although they stand well by themselves -RRB- . The live cuts of Blood of Eden , Solsbury Hill , and Washing of the Water -LRB- to just name a few -RRB- remind the listener just how great these songs are lyrically . One great aspect this live album has that i liked was the first song that was selected . This live version of Come Talk to Me is fantastic and sets the tone for the rest of the album . If you are a Peter Grabriel fan , this album is a must . Although is leaves out some Grabriel Mainstays , it does have a great song selection , and is musically as entertaining as any other Peter Grabriel album out there .
 I went to see this tour when Pete came to Birmingham in 1993 and I was blown away . This record is good stuff - the recordings sound great , `` Sledgehammer '' has got more life here than ever and `` In your eyes '' is AWESOME and much longer than its original . It 's a shame there 's no `` Biko '' or `` Shock the monkey '' -LRB- which Peter actually played when I saw him -RRB- , but the best thing about this album is the tracks off `` Us '' sounds tons better !! `` Secret world '' being the best , `` Come talk to me '' sounding great also -LRB- cool drumming from Manu Katche -RRB- . I give this album 4.5 stars - better song selection would have been 5 .
 You 'd be surprised how many acts who 've been around long enough to do more than one live album seem to forget they have old fans when they do the new live set . I bought this with a sigh of relief -- there 's only one repeat from the `` Plays Live '' set
 I 'm sorry for the woman who got converted from country music by this album , because there ai n't nothing in the world wrong with Travis Tritt and Reba McIntyre , but if this album brought her to the other side of the fence , it was the right one . I 'm probably not the only person in the world who really discovered Peter Gabriel when MTV played the `` Sledgehammer '' video about 500 times a day for about six months , but once I started exploring I was hooked . I envy the people in Italy -LRB- of all places -RRB- who saw this show -- I agree with the previous reviewer about the magnificence of `` In Your Eyes '' , and I would add `` Do n't Give Up '' to the jubilation -- I suppose Kate Bush ca n't travel with Peter Gabriel , and I sort of missed her ethereal voice on the song , but the female backup did just fine , too . The bottom line is that Peter Gabriel is one of the true greats of 20th century music , and this live album showcases him at his very , very best .
 If you have ever had any kind of reaction to a song of Peter Gabriel 's -- i.e. if you have a pulse -- then this album is for you . This `` reviewer '' has n't attended a whole lot of concerts -- I had n't even heard many of these PG songs previously -- but this album has to be one of the best productions of any live album ever . The music , the energy , the band , the production -- all combine to make this a near flawless masterpiece of sometimes driving and sometimes reflective emotion . Nothing else -- live or studio -- comes close . Trust me . Peter Gabriel is a musically and emotionally expressive genius .
 Love this album . I have the CDs and the concert on DVD . It does n't matter how many times I hear this version of &#34; In Your Eyes , &#34; I always tear up . Beautiful album buy an extremely talented guy . Love Peter Gabriel !
 This is a hard CD to find . I bought mine used - better than expected . Arrived as predicted , great price , great dealer .
 I do not know English , my level is very low , so I used a translator from Spanish to English Google . I beg pardon inconsistencies.The first time I heard it , I found a wonderful double-disc -- live -- and each time I return to audition , I 'm still excited even more than the first time . Great!Worth saying that my first copy of this double CD was an original by my sister , but when I had money to buy original , did not hesitate an instant . It 's an album that has to be in all good music library that boasts.Peter Gabriel , started as a good musician in the group Genesis , but it was not very commercial , and over time , has managed to combine musical quality , with a `` savoir faire '' that gives his tunes something you drag the soul to feelings hidden.What more can I say ? It is a classic of modern music . ------------------------- Yo no s&eacute; ingl&eacute;s , mi nivel es muy bajo , por lo que he empleado el traductor de Espa & ntilde ; ol a Ingl&eacute;s de Google . Ruego perdonen las incoherencias.La primera vez que lo escuch&eacute; , me pareci&oacute; un doble disco maravilloso -- en directo -- , y en cada ocasi&oacute;n que vuelvo a hacer una audici&oacute;n , me sigo emocionando tanto o m&aacute;s que la primera vez . & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; Genial !!! Valga la pena decir que mi primera copia de este doble CD , fue gracias a un original de mi hermana , pero cuando tuve dinero para comprarlo original , no lo dud&eacute; ni un instante . Es un disco que ha de estar en toda buena biblioteca musical que se precie.Peter Gabriel , comenz&oacute; siendo un buen m&uacute;sico en el grupo G&eacute;nesis , pero era poco comercial , y con el tiempo , ha sabido conjuntar la calidad musical , con un `` savoir faire '' , que confiere a sus melod&iacute;as algo que te arrastra el alma hasta sentimientos rec&oacute;nditos . & iquest ; Qu&eacute; m&aacute;s voy a decir ? Es una obra cl&aacute;sica de la m&uacute;sica moderna .
 Any fans of Peter Gabriel will love this two-disc CD . I have always felt that the true measure of a musician was his/her ability to perform live and Mr Gabriel lives up to it . I had owned this CD previously and could not find any songs on i-tunes -LRB- it just does not exist -RRB- . I ca n't say enough about this album ... awesome , awesome , awesome .
 Great CD for the Great Concert . By the way , I am going to Peter 's May 7th 2010 concert , too . Looking forward to it .
 Great live album . Peter Gabriel 's songs are better when heard live . I 've seen several videos related to this tour and have been really impressed . I have not actually seen Peter live in person . I saw Genesis in 1978 in New Orleans . Although I really injoyed the show , I was upset because Peter had already left the band . I feel that Peter 's move to go solo was the best thing for not only himself but for the music lovers out there that like good , well written songs that also have a captivating sound . He continues to surround himself with some of the best musicians in the world which make his songs shine as some of the best in rock-n-roll or new world music . I recommend this disc set to anyone . The music is great !
 If you are not a Peter Gabriel fan then you will be after listening to this double album . If you are a fan and do n't have this album , then buy it now . The live versions of Come Talk To Me , and Blood of Eden are more stirring and passionate than on the studio albums . This album from the 1993 World Tour is the standard by which other live albums must be compared . Kudos to David Taraskevics for superb recordings . You are a recording engineer par excellence . Thank you , thank you , thank you.The band is sensational to say the least . Tony Levin on bass is superb as is Jean Claude Naimro on keyboards , David Rhodes on guitar and Shankar on violin . Manu Katche who has played with Sting and Eric Clapton , replaces Jerry Marotta on drums and is awesome.In case you do not know , these recordings are from the large venue shows in the United States and Europe . Paula Cole sings primary backup vocals during the European tour and she is wonderful . Check out her albums such as This Fire , Harbringer , and Amen . Other backup singers include Papa Wemba , Reddy Mela amissi and Styno Mubi Matadi . This is World music at it 's best.There are so many great songs and performances that it is extremely difficult to anoit one or two as best . Besides classics like Come Talk To Me and Blood of Eden , other stirring tracks are Red Rain , Diggin In the Dirt , Secret World , In Your Eyes and Shaking the Tree . However , this is not to belittle the other tracks . This is an outstanding double album from beginning to end.I have watched the DVD and think the audio tracks are better mixed on this version . However , the DVD is enjoyable to watch for the visuals and performances . But , I recommend this version if money is a factor . I have a top-of-the line NHT audio system -LRB- speakers , pre-amp , amp , crossover and secondary amp for sub-woofer -RRB- and this album is better than most other live concerts that I have heard , The recordings and mixes are simply spectacular . Even if you are not a Peter Gabriel fan , this is a treasure .
 A great version of Peter Gabriel 's concerts . The DVD is even better , adding a visual treat to some great and insightful music . Be sure to catch this version of `` Shaking the Tree '' .
 Extraordinario album.Tal vez se oiga un ligero ruido en la grabacion -LRB- es de 1993 ! -RRB- pero no por eso deja de ser uno de los m&aacute;s extraordinarios conciertos que he escuchado .
 Spacing his live album releases about a decade apart , Peter Gabriel shows how a major artist can create a gem out of a much too-often used template to toss product into the marketplace with minimal time or effort involved.There is a continuity to the set - the 15 tracks were recorded on November 16 and 17 , 1993 , at Palasport Nuovo in Modena , Italy , with the two disks clocking in at an impressive 99:45 . There is also an incredible energy in the performances that shows Gabriel at the height -LRB- for the U.S. market -RRB- of his popularity ; the release peaked at a decent # 23 on the 1994 Billboard 200 album chart.Gabriel has a special gift as a story teller and his lyrics touch fans in individual ways . This is a solid collection to hear his brilliance before an appreciative audience .
 Back in 1993 , the world tour following the release of the long-awaited `` US '' album by Peter Gabriel came in three different ` flavors ' -LRB- just like with Pizzas -RRB-
 Peter Gabriel 's Secret World came at the right time for a lot of people who came to the age when spiritual and personal questioning begins . For me , I went through an ugly divorce and self-imposed isolation far from home in the far reaches of Northern British Columbia . I needed to reconsider my life and discover truths from within my past experiences . While going through my healing path I discovered this CD in the town 's only music store . I liked Peter Gabriel and this new release was about his latest concert tour , the one I missed , so I bought it and gave it a listen to.From the beginning it is a cracking and dissolving of hard protective layers and outer shell revealing the joyous and celebratory musical expressions within . I have never been so touched and fullfilled by a simple CD recording . Throughout Secret World I found anguish and release , `` Digging in the Dirt '' , `` Blood of Eden '' , `` San Jacinto '' and hope and celebration with `` Do n't give up '' and `` In your eyes '' . Paula Cole 's vocals are awsome , Tony Levin 's bass strums go right through me , Shankar 's violin create a mysterious and subconscious element and Peter Gabriel 's lyrics and musical arrangements are genious.Buy this CD , it is a must for any lover of music and those in need of a healing .
 I 'm not crazy about live albums but this is an alltime classic . I say this because my two top favourite Peter Gabriel songs sound much better here than in their studio versions
 `` Secret World '' is the second of two live albums released by Gabriel , and by far the better of the two . The first , `` Plays Live , '' was released twelve years earlier , and `` Secret World '' reveals an artist who had made tremendous strides in the meantime.Truly great live albums should offer versions of the songs on them that are either substantially altered and/or substantially improved from the originals . For the most part , that 's what Gabriel includes here . He was backed on his 1993 by a crack group of world musicians , some of them who participated in his `` Us '' studio album . As such , it is the best meld of rock and roll with world music since Paul Simon 's `` Graceland . '' `` Us '' is represented by seven of the double album 's fifteen tracks and nearly all of the songs top the six minute mark . In fact , if there is a drawback to this album , it 's that `` Solsbury Hill '' is the only one pre - `` So '' -LRB- 1986 -RRB- song to make the playlist . True , Gabriel most likely did not want to repeat himself extensively from `` Plays Live , '' but this record is so good , it leaves you begging to hear the versions of his earlier material as he played them on this tour.But that 's a minor quibble . This is a fantastic live album that also , unfortunately , represents the only rock album Gabriel has released in the last decade . Here 's hoping we have n't heard the last of him .
 I 've followed the Gabriel/Genesis/Collins / Banks/Rutherford phemomenon since 1976 -LRB- thanks to a great family , the Rosens of New Jersey , who introduced me to the best music to come from England since J , P , G & R -RRB- -- This is Peter at his peak -- the staging is unique and puts you right on stage with the band -- Paula Cole , Tony Levin -- masters themselves , jamming alomg with the rest of the fantastic band . The live versions of Pete 's songs , especially Steam , Red Rain , Sledgehammer -LRB- which I did n't even care for much as a studio song -RRB- , and especially Secret World are different from and in my opinion superior as live performances.Only drawback
 I can not deny that Peter Gabriel is my musical hero , along with Bjork -LRB- Well , she is two steps behind him -RRB- . But I will try to be as objective as I can . The problem here is the same that occurred with `` Plays Live '' ; a lot of their themes have loose such a part of their original quality . Also there are less `` radical versions '' of the songs than in `` Plays Live '' . Nevertheless , the emotion can be felt here , and the sound quality is excellent . This is a live masterpiece , that confirms Gabriel as an artist who can touch and move your soul . But also , his band feature really qualified musicians -LRB- Including Paula Cole vocal performance , which I think it 's excellent -RRB- . `` Secret World Live '' is a worthy live album .
 Two words ... LOVED IT !! I was never a Peter Gabriel fan until I saw Secret World Live on TV . Until I watched it and heard the music , I had only heard two of Peter Gabriel 's songs -LRB- Sledgehammer and Steam -RRB- . And I never knew that he sang the theme song from the movie The Bone Collector , also -LRB- Do n't Give Up -RRB- . I simply could not believe the sensuality and the `` soul '' of the music -- especially in the opening for Across the River with the electric violin . Music moves me anyway and THIS music -LRB- Secret World Live -RRB- truly touched SOMEthing in me and I LOVED IT !!! If you like Peter Gabriel , you need this CD no doubt !
 I never got to see Peter Gabriel in concert during his now revered Secret World Tour since I was far too young to understand the music artists during that time . However I did get the next best thing with his Growing up Tour but that 's for a separate review later.This double-CD set is of a concert performance from November of 1993 in Italy and compiles the best known songs he did up to this point including several from his then-new album `` US '' from a year before . But also included are the currently rare B-Side `` Across The River '' which was on a world music sampler from two decades before but the live version on this Live album is entrancing and surreal like I 've never heard before . I especially love the last minute and a half of this version of the song as it goes from eerie and dramatic to almost optimistic and energetic before ending.The set concludes with a stunning performance of his best ballad `` In Your Eyes '' . The live performance of this concert song goes for a whopping 11 and a half minutes and is a beautiful rendition of the `` Special Remix '' version of this marvelous classic with a slighly different chord structure and different ending . I would even for far as to say that I even like this more than the album version from `` SO '' . Highly recommended live CD . Live albums I od n't think get any better than this .
 I own a lot of music ... this is my favourite album of all time and the main reason I 've become such a PG fan . Everytime I listen to it I escape into my own Secret World.If you really want to boost the output get yourself a copy of the concert on video or DVD . This tour was a hallmark for theatrical concert productions and is as stimulating to watch as it is to listen to.A must-have for any serious music fan , and I agree with some of these other reviews ... it 's healing stuff !
 Rare is the `` live '' album that captures the experience and energy of the actual concert . Having seen Gabriel 's Secret World Tour in person , this CD is almost as good as being there . -LRB- In some ways it is better
 The version of IN YOUR EYES is worth the price of this CD on its own . This CD -LRB- together with the video also produced -RRB- was intrumental in converting my wife from a country and western fan . Need I say more ?
 Das ist das beste LIVE Album den ich je geh&ouml;rt habe ! Musikauswahl , Atmospher - alles , alles stimmt ! LOB ! LOB ! LOB !
 This package include a dvd of Tony and an introduction to his RPM life planning system , both done in a `` live '' format . I believe that this will be most effective for those who own and have practiced the Time of your Life -LRB- TOYL -RRB- series that Tony put out a few years back . It is supplementary material that helps solidify the concepts Tony details in the TOYL series . Watching Robbins live is impactful as you are able to observe some of his core concepts -LRB- physiology , emotional impact -RRB- that are essential to his results system . I highly suggest purchasing the TOYL 10 cd package and using this as a boost to cement the life changing practices . Thats about $ 300 total for a system that can truly move you away from regrets and towards what you want out of your life . That being said , this abbreviated version is not a bad idea if your a rookie , it 's a great test run to determine if you accept the principles and would like to invest in the TOYL set .
 I do n't have the single yet but I have the Three Cheers For Sweet Revenge album and I 'm Not Okay and Helena singles . I love this song and plan on buying this single too . Also check out the Live concert on Nokia Unwired tonight on Mtv . I hope they make a new video for this great song .
 Ok , just to let you all know , the song is n't about D-day . The song is about -LRB- in the words of Gerard Way -RRB- `` loss and the fear of losing someone . '' The video dose n't even take place at D-day . It 's another battle that another reviewer said -LRB- I ca n't remember the name -RRB- . Some people are SO disrespectful.Anyway , this is a beautiful song and video . Very touching . WELL DONE , MCR !!!!!!!!!
 This song is the best . Well , one of the best . The video is so sad . But , it 's a great song . The guitar riffs are incredible . I love the song . This is truly a wonderful band and this is some of their finest work . Love it !!
 The Chemically obsessed -LSB- like myself -RSB- find it necessary to obtain as many pieces of My Chemical Romance memorabilia as possible . You probably already have these songs as downloads or on another CD or DVD , but you 'll want to have this because you love them .
 The video was about D-day . It was based off of the D-day scene from Saving Private Ryan . Check your info before you write a review , genius.Anyway , the song is amazing so I 'll give it 5 stars , but I do n't think I would buy the single cuz the live tracks are probably on Life On The Murder Scene anyway -LRB- which I already have -RRB- .
 This is a very good single by My Chemical Romance and jsut for yhe record , -LRB- ... -RRB- What a dweeb !
 While I too would prefer to find a reasonably priced collection of all Scotland 's Poets singles , I could n't disagree more with the previous reviewer with respect to the quality of the songs on this disc - what we have here are The Poets two Immediate Records 45s -LRB- The Rolling Stones first manager Andrew Loog Oldham 's mid-60s record label , he was managing this group at the time -RRB- . The songs themselves are great - interesting arrangements , tuneful , echo in the right places to give that mid-60s `` crunchy '' guitar and drums sound . The group only issued one more single after this before essentially breaking up . If you have an interest in UK 60s beat-orientated music that goes a little deeper than the usual suspects -LRB- early Beatles , Stones , Who , Kinks - all fine groups by the way -RRB- you wo n't be disappointed in picking this up at the right price -LRB- under $ 10 -RRB- .
 A fine four song EP by Scotland 's most popular late ' 60 's band - The Poets . Sound quality is great - yet I , too wish this CD could 've been a little bit longer . Liked hearing the title cut `` Baby Do n't Do It '' , the happening `` I 'll Come Home '' , `` Call Again '' and the familiar-sounding cleverly-penned `` Some Things I Ca n't Forget '' . Personnel
 By far the most underrated album of it 's time . At at time when artists released albums with one or two songs , this album packed a full length album of great songs . No song disappoints on this album.I wish MC Deff could have continued , he was what made Criminal Nation special.Trust me , buy this album . I positively guarantee you wo n't be disappointed by this album .
 This was the first album I heard by the group way back when it was released - MC Deff is bad - Their second album is a better one and has a song called `` Sick To The Brain '' . Even better than this album This is definitely 4 Star Quality
 Teddy and his companions -LRB- Billie Holiday , Benny Carter , the cream of the crop ! -RRB- swing big time on every track of this early 40s compilation.Personally , I dig the notion of an sophisticated , polished art , but still true to its roots.What you get here is `` jazz de chambre '' before time , classic standards by the classy Mr Wilson at the height of his power ! believe me brothers , white folks can swing too ! You may check Art Pepper , Herb Ellis , Dave Brubeck ... for more .
 If the listing for this title shows the group in white suits against a black background , or if the seller does n't describe the CD as an import digipak made by Magic Records of France , then it IS NOT the -LRB- previously -RRB- U.S. only `` He Ai n't Heavy , He 's My Brother '' album by THE HOLLIES . If the listing IS the digipak CD made by Magic Records of France , besides the original tune stack , you get 10 bonus tracks ! Any negative reviews are left over from another the above mentioned CD of the same name which was just a compilation . I hate when Amazon has reviews for other items listed with the wrong one , but I guess when something has the same name it gets confusing considering the millions of items on their site ! The track listing is : Why Did n't You Believe / Do n't Give Up Easily / Look At Life / Please Sign Your Letters / My Life Is Over With You / Please Let Me Please / Do You Believe In Love / He Ai n't Heavy He 's My Brother / You Love ` Cos You Like It / Reflections Of A Time Long Past / Goodbye Tomorrow . BONUS TRACKS
 got this for my brother 's funeral it is awesome fits perfectly for the occassion considering he was murdered on the island of Issac Park found naked and no water in his lungs so he was killed then tossed into the ocean at a place where tiger sharks were so bad no one ever went there but to view the outlook . He was spotted by passerbys . Bobbing in the ocean . I guess the killers hoped he had been attacked by the sharks to get rid of every bit of evidence that he existed . This song came out when we were young and my brother had just got out of the Army during Vietnam years , 1969 . The song is about the loss of a brother and the sadness that comes from an unexpected death . This will be played at his Military funeral . The CD came in new condition and was so inexpensive I had to lol at the only thing that was cheap in this entire deal of getting my brother home from Hawaii to KS .
 This is a rare 4 track uk cd ep featuring early solo music from micky dolenz pre-monkees . Recommended if you 're a fan & collector.Scott Catton
 Conventional wisdom has it that two of the Monkees -- Mike Nesmith and Peter Tork -- were musicians and the other two -- David Jones and Micky Dolenz -- were actors who had to learn to fake playing instruments . These pre-fame recordings of Micky Dolenz show that he was a reasonable rock guitarist and , low and behold , a songwriter . And , this was before there was a Monkees television show . Some of Dolenz 's singing is not up to the standard he set on `` I 'm a Believer '' and several other notable Monkees tracks , and some of his compositions are not the most distinctive rock or pop of the mid-1960s , and maybe he did n't know how to play the drums when the Monkees cast was assembled , but Plastic Symphony proves that Micky Dolenz really did have a pop music background before the Monkees . Would he have been a commercially successful musician had he never been cast for the show ? This EP does n't really answer that question , but he might have had a chance ...
 I like this CD . It is very short though and only has about five of Micky 's songs on it . If you like the Monkees and Micky it will be a good addition to add to your collection .
 Viggo has done an astounding job with this ! I reccomend this for any Viggo Fan . I feel it really brings out your soul . I highly reccomend this .
 I have not heard this CD in its entirety simply because I have been unable to find it here in Cincinnati.I was listening to the radio one Sunday afternoon when I heard the song , You have Changed me , the words , the message made me sit and reflect upon my own life . I looked at myself before I had Christ in my life and the lifestyle that I now have since I have accepted the LOrd as my personal savior . I can truly say I look up and I live . I am truly blessed , I am saved and I know I am his child and he is worthy o be praised .
 THIS HAS TO BE ONE OF THE MOST EXCITING AND ANNOINTED RECORDINGS DONE BY THE NEW JERSEY MASS CHOIR . I ONCE OWNED IT ON CASSETTE AND PLAYED IT UNTIL THE TAPE WAS UNABLE TO BE PLAYED ANYMORE . THE WORDS TO EVERY SONG ON THIS ALBUM HAS A POWERFUL MESSAGE THAT MINISTERS TO YOUR VERY SOUL . THOUGH THIS ALBUM WAS RECORDED SOME YEARS BACK IT STILL FITS IN WITH THE MUSIC OF TODAY ; FAR AS IT 'S MUSICAL STYLE . DONNIE HARPER WAS REALLY IN TUNE IN GOD WHEN HE PENNED THE SONGS ON THIS ALBUM . IT IS STILL ONE OF MY FAVORITES DONE BY THE NEW JERSEY MASS CHOIR . THIS ALBUM WILL CONTINUE TO LIVE ON AND MINISTER TO THE LIVES OF PEOPLE EVERYWHERE WHO HEARS IT . THERE ARE MESSAGES IN EACH SONG TO GIVE ONE HOPE , ENCOURAGEMENT AND A REASON TO GO ON , KNOWING AS THE TITLE SONG SAYS `` LOOK UP AND LIVE '' , LETTING ONE KNOW WHERE THEY CAN FIND THE HELP THAT THEY NEED . ALL OF THEIR OTHER ALBUMS ARE DYNAMITE BUT THIS HAPPENS TO BE ONE OF MY ALL TIME FAVORITES . KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK AND MAY GOD CONTINUE TO GIVE YOU MUCH SUCCESS IN YOUR MINISTRY .
 I heard Jerrod sing some of these songs in Texas and had no idea they were available . I think he is entertaining and has a great voice . I 'm sure we 'll hear from him in the many years to come
 Hey everyone , I just want to say that I have known Jerrod personally for about 4 years now . He is one of the best people you could ever get to know . Buy his cds , they are really good , and they all come from his heart . I love him to death , and I hope I get to see him soon . Good luck Jerrod . . I knew you could do it .
 Jerrod is a great guy , he now is starting his own website as well ! www.jerrodniemann.com get the latest info on him , news , new albums , and tyour information ! There is even a forum to post yor thoughts !
 I 've known Jerrod since I was little . He 's always had the great ability to sing and perform . This CD shows the best of his works . I know that Jerrod has worked hard and sacraficed many things in his life to persue this dream . This is not the last time you will hear the name Jerrod Niemann .
 I have listened to this artist before on another website ! You take a teenager who has written , produced , and published his own album before the age of twenty and you know the determination is there . But is the talent ? I 'll let his music speak for itself . I 'm looking forward to hearing the sophomore album of this country music newcomer .
 I 've been lucky enough to see Jerrod perform several times while in high school and in the years since . I was completely blown-away by his prescence in every aspect the very first time I heard him sing and looked into those heart-stopping eyes . He 's beautiful in many ways , but his CD truly touched my heart during a very difficult time in my life . He 's amazing and I wish him the absolute best that God has to offer ! He recently performed in Liberal again and I am even more thrilled with his new CD . BUY THEM !! All my love , Jerrod ! Ca n't wait to see you again - but , until then , I 've got my CD 's and pictures . Hugs & kisses ! Marsha Marsha Marsha
 I agree that if you buy only one Mix-A-Lot album , this should be the one . It is funny , clever , and bumpin ' . It 's not the perfect album , but it shows both Mix 's strengths and weaknesses.Mix 's strength are the songs that are funny , or at least tongue-in-cheek , and `` Beepers '' , `` My Hooptie '' , `` Gortex '' , `` I Got Game '' , and `` Something About My Benzo '' are all brilliant . Mix 's self-deprecating in the midst of boasting are what make his song lyrics great.For example , in `` I Got Game '' -LRB- I think Mix 's all-around best song -RRB- , a great , driving cut about a day in which he goes out to pick up as many freaks as he can , after picking up one girl , he says `` Roll to the hotel/game was strong/she thought I spent bank/but I really spent coupons '' . The lyrics to this song are all playa.Mix 's weakness is for songs that potray him as hard , or songs with a serious message . On this album , they clash , and the serious songs do n't make a good showing . `` My Bad Side '' is a hard hitting rap song where Mix is mad , and it works , as does `` I 'll Roll You Up '' , but `` Seminar '' , `` National Anthem '' , and `` Peek-A-Boo Game '' , other songs where he takes a serious tone , fall flat and sound preachy and tedious . That 's especially true for `` National Anthem '' , which while it may have a serious message , does n't fit at all between the hilarious `` Beepers '' and the odd , funny `` Gortex '' . I actually just skip the serious songs when I listen.And the oddest sounding song on the album , a funny , slow-ride , take-it-easy rap about Mercedes Benzes that makes you wish you own one , `` Something About My Benzo '' , should really be more of a classic . `` Not one I got three/I collect 'em you see / an SEL , a 190 , and and SEC '' . On the whole though , this album is the bomb , because the good songs are really , really good , Mix 's beats are strong , and his lyrics are tight and humorous . This is a great classic hip hop album . You should own it !
 I love Mixalot , who would of thought a 40 year old white guy jammin to Mix . One of the best cd 's ever in my mind . Go mix !
 This album has some great songs . I used to have this on tape and I wanted to get the album again and it has songs that I 've not heard in awhile .
 If you think Mixalot is all about baby got back and thats it then you have to listen to this album . From the fast tempo track SEMINAR to the eerie story of PEEK-A-BOO GAME to the hard knock beat of NATIONAL ANTHEM this album fails to dissapoint . In my opinion this is in the top 100 rap/hip-hop albums of all time . Pick this one up you wont regret it .
 this takes me back . . all the tracks are so good . . me and my best friend in high school used to bump the cassette tape over and over . . recently got it on cd . . the only bad thing is mix had to re-do the peek-a-boo song . . i guess sioxie and the banshees didnt approve or get their cut . . anyways great cd . .
 All the songs on this album rock ! A must have for anyone who likes old-school or funny type rap !
 If you buy only one Mix-A-Lot album , make sure it 's Seminar . Mix has a style all his own . First , you can understand what the heck he 's saying . That gives him a step up on many of the rap community . Next , he does not promote doing drugs . Another step up ... Furthermore , his basslines never disappoint . This album is a must to show off your system 's woofer output . Finally , I love his tough edge twisted with great comedic wit.This is Mix for true rap fans . Baby Got Back may be his best selling song , but I prefer Seminar with title track , Somethin' bout my Benzo , Gortex -LRB- which I sing every time I hear the word -RRB- , and Hooptie . Hooptie is a classic example of Mix-A-Lot . Comedy , rhyming skills , and basslines all mixed in a perfect package.Must have for anyone that wants a rap representation in their collection or for the huge rap fans.Posse up ! - A
 After the success of his debut , `` Swass '' , Sir Mix-A-Lot does n't take long to record a follow-up . `` Seminar '' was released two years later in 1989 and spawned such hits as `` Beepers '' and `` My Hooptie . `` 1 . Seminar - 4.5 / 52 . Beepers - 3.5 / 53 . National Anthem - 4.5 / 54 . My Hooptie - 4/55 . Gortex - 4/56 . The -LRB- Peek-A-Boo -RRB- Game - 4.5 / 57 . I Got Game - 4.5 / 58 . I 'll Roll You Up - 3.5 / 59 . Something About My Benzo - 2/510 . My Bad Side - 4.5 / 5Overall :39.5 / 503.5 StarsBack when I was younger I used to love this album , but now I realize Mix did n't really have any creativity in the hooks and thats mainly what brings this album down . Also the god awful `` Something About My Benzo '' is just straight up wackness . Mix has one of the most distinct voices and flows in the game . Still check this album out though because besides the hooks , Mix tears it up !
 I can not believe ` In Your Eyes ' is not on this CD . ` In Your Eyes ' is easily Gabriel 's best song , both the studio and live versions , yet some -LRB- ... -RRB- managed not to include it on this CD . What a shame!Yet , I recommend this album to any music aficionado , this is still a must have for any serious music fan.If it had ` In Your Eyes ' , I would give it 6 -LRB- SIX -RRB- stars .
 At first , after purchasing this CD , I was a little fearful of what I was getting
 I have always thought the title to this album to be somewhat tounge in cheek - `` 16 Golden Greats '' - where some of the songs were not actually singles , sort of making fun of `` Greatest Hits '' collections . I think this is an excellent collection , particularly for anyone who does not own any of Peter Gabriel 's albums and wants a `` taste '' of what his music is all about . I do n't understand why `` In Your Eyes '' was left out . Not only is it one of the great songs on `` SO '' , which itself is a masterpiece , it is one of the best of Mr. Gabriel 's songs that played regularly on the radio , right up there with `` Games Without Frontiers '' , `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Do n't Give Up '' . I would have given a 5 star rating if that classic song would have been included . A very fine album nonetheless .
 I wish I could give a 41/2 - star rating . Considering the difficulty of condensing Gabriel 's work of genius into one CD , I think it 's done fairly well . The whole compilation is incredible -LRB- is n't that what greatest hits records are for ? -RRB- but I 'd dock it half a star for the absence of `` In Your Eyes '' and the inclusion of `` Sledgehammer . '' If they 'd switched those two , in my opinion , it would be perfect .
 Greatest Hits packages are always viewed as commercial moves . After all , it 's a new album for fans to buy , but little or no work by the artist has gone into it . While that may hold true here , this disk also shows the Gabriel-uninitiated the high spots of a sparkling career . Buy it , enjoy it , and then get his others as the `` non-hit '' music on the original albums is equal to any of the tracks showing up here . If it is possible to achieve true greatness in the music industry , PG is at the top of the list , and this collection gives 16 shining examples of why he 's there .
 This CD contains nearly all of Peter Gabriel 's through the album `` So '' in 1986 . Go through the track list , and you will likely find more than a few you 've heard on the radio . A glaring ommission is Gabriels ' most famous -LRB- and possibly best -RRB- song `` In Your Eyes '' . Although you will find that at least a quarter of the sixteen tracks on this CD come from `` So '' , that song is missing from this collection . For that reason , I knock a point off this `` best of '' collection .
 Though the remastering is a great improvement , this CD should have been reissued as `` 17 Golden Greats '' with the addition of `` In Your Eyes '' , easily one of his most famous songs . If it would n't have fit , at least half of these tracks could have been replaced with it . I guess the compilers did n't want `` So '' to go out of print .
 If I had to choose between this and So - this one is definitely better . Solisbury Hills alone makes it a necessary CD . Die-hards already have this CD and if you just want some Peter Gabriel music then this is your best bet .
 No complaints about the tracks assembled for this best of . Gabriel has n't made a dud album , but I endorse the generous sampling of his third solo work , the closest he came to song cycle cohesion . You 're either captivated by the big sound of eclectic electric nuances or left on the other side of the door . The key to it is the positioning of Gabriel 's narrator and his steelish rasping voice which can take some acclimatising to . Even then , it 's a fairly one-dimensional instrument . No one can accuse Gabriel of lack of ambition as he willing assumes a range of personas ; political assassin , disenfranchised working class poor , apocalyptic jockey , ecological doomsdayer or voice of the third world . His identification with the presidential hit man convinces , ranging from nervously anticipating his famous killing to the crumbling , pathetic , regressed infant groping for the affection of lost parents . ` Here Comes The Flood ' is given an impressive reading -LRB- possibly only surpassed on Rob Fripp 's , ` Network ' EP -RRB- . Less successful are ` Do n't Give Up ' , ` San Jacinto ' & the hugely brave , but flawed ` Biko ' . Where the pumped up orchestration can not save the sympathetic but jarringly theatrical psuedo consciousness of the author .
 This collection spans Peter Gabriel 's career from his post-Genesis work up to and including the album `` So '' . It 's a lengthy album -LRB- 16 tracks -RRB- , and most of the songs are very recognizable . It does tend to be a little heavy with material from the `` So '' album , but the songs are great and mixed in with earlier material , so it does n't play like ` So II ' . The album opens with the beautiful `` Solisbury Hill '' , the only song included from his first two albums . My pesonal favorite Gabriel song , `` Games Without Frontiers '' , as well as the reflective `` Family Snapshot '' , `` I Do n't Remember '' , and the excellent `` Biko '' represent his third album . The quirky `` Shock the Monkey '' and the reworked -LRB- and VASTLY superior -RRB- version of `` I Have the Touch '' are from PG IV . Almost all of the other tracks come from the album `` So '' , except for the instrumental `` Zaar '' and the title track , which is only available on this album.I do have a few complaints about the album , such as the omission of songs like `` In Your Eyes '' -LRB- among others -RRB- , the lack of any songs from his second album , and the inclusion of songs like `` San Jacinto '' , `` Here Comes the Flood '' , and `` Zaar '' . All three are decent songs , but really were n't what I 'd consider hits , and do n't fit in as well with the rest of the tracks.Overall though , this is an awesome collection of Gabriel 's work and shows why he was one of the most innovative , experimental , and influential artists of the past thirty years . To anyone looking for an introduction to Peter 's work , this -LRB- or `` So '' -RRB- is the best place to start .
 I think that this album is a decent represention of Peter 's creative work . It gives you a diverse masterpieces from his previous albums . He is a genious indeed ...
 New album coming soon , so look for it .
 arrived on time and in good condition . Was a gift and person receiving enjoyed tremendously
 This is a must have if you 're a Peter Gabriel fan . Brings back a lot of fond memories for me .
 Peter Gabriel as a soloartist is quality all over . This `` greatest hits '' collection , gives you most of the best . To kick of with Solsbury Hill -LRB- Track 1 -RRB- is a wise choise . There ` s an uplifting mood all trough the song . It ` s simple in it ` s build up , and easy to humm along to . Track 2 , I dont remember im sorry to say to `` experimental '' in a way . To much `` blip blop '' synth sound , spread all over , and has to much hit ` s and misses . But hey soon we are back in business again with Sledgehammer Track 3 . Gabriel voice is clear , and has a great rythm and syntheseisers to follow it . Track 4 Family Snapshot is a slow song , which does n`t take of in the right direction . It has a form of `` talking singing '' which sometimes is annoying to listen to . Track 5 Mercy Street is moody and very relaxable to listen to . Track 6 Shaking the tree , with Youssou N Dour on vocal has an `` african touch '' over it , with what we can call `` ethnic rythm and vocal '' which realy fits as an whole all trough . Track 7 Do n`t give up , is anyway the best Gabriel song on this CD . To bring in Kate Bush on vocal t take ` s thisone `` heaven above '' when it come ` s to uplifting musical soulfood for your mind . Mindfood in other words . Im sure this one has cured some depression ` s , in a cold cold world.Track 8 San Jancinto , we are back in the departments of `` weird sounds and blip blop '' , but it ` s an ok listen . Track 9 Here come ` s the flood is very moody and relaxable , and giveyou some `` freeze '' down your back . Track 10 Red Rain , hasa certain quality , but it ` s to much instrument ` s fighting for theire place in a way . But the melody is good , and easy to remember . . Track 11 Games without frontiers , is one of the weak tracks . Easily forgotten , sorry to say . Track 12 Shock the monkey . Hey , that ` s a another story . This one kicks in gear on the first note , and get ` s better and better until the end . . Track 13 I have the touch , it ` s to experimental for my sake . I do n`t find the touch on this one . Track 14 Big Timeis ok . Track 15 Zaar is a weird one . Very experimental with i think everything you can find on syntheseisers sound at the end of the eightes . It ` s sound ` s sometimes like an early computer goes mad . Not my cup of tea . Track 16 Biko , he ` s back in the jungle , with good lyrics , but soundwise it does ` nt stand out . Anyway most of the tracks on this one will you put you in great mood As an introduction to Peter Gabriel for `` newcomers '' this one has it all . -LRB- most of the time -RRB- .
 Peter varies his style with each album . You can really tell it on this one when they group them together . Over I am satisfied with this CD .
 Obviously , everyone knows that `` In Your Eyes '' was a serious omission from this otherwise great collection . Few `` best of '' compilations include all desired tracks for everyone , but to leave off an artist 's most famous song seems a bit over the top . No worries -- the `` So '' album is more than worth owning . Ironically , five other songs off of that album are included on this collection.Nonetheless , this disk is a joy to listen to for casual and serious Peter Gabriel fans alike . To this day , I love his first solo hit `` Salsbury Hill '' , a mid-tempo track with an anthemic feel . Slow tracks such as `` I Do n't Remember '' , `` Mercy Street '' , and `` Do n't Give Up '' all have a mystical feel to them that can send a shiver up my spine . And for sure , the uptempo tracks like `` Games Without Frontiers '' , `` Shock The Monkey '' , `` Sledgehammer '' , and `` Big Time '' are all very fun to listen to.This collection just takes you on a varied and interesting musical ride . Peter 's often-understated vocals and distinct musicianship make his music a refreshingly different listen compared to most rock artists . Except for the one glaring omission , this collection is a fine summary of the varied styles of this unique artist .
 This cd is fill with wonderful ear candy . If you are starting to get into Peter gabriel then is a very nice introduction
 All the best by one of the best political song writers of our time ... Each song , while entertaining is a statement about the world in which we live in . Most songs are very general in nature and can be applied to a multitude of issues facing society . My personnal favorite , which I renamed The Management Song , is `` I Do n't Remember '' . It explains the easiest catch phrase coined by Politicians , CEO 's , Bankers , and anyone else caught after the fact ...
 I read all the 3 star reviews . By the way this is just aother PG Cd . Do not put too much thought nor energy to it . I own every PG CD and love 80 % + of the songs in them . What is the big deal for missed the In Your Eye in this CD ? The rest of them is still good !! This would be great for people who would like to have a quick snap shot of PG 's music . I think every PG 's CD is collectable . I even bought LP for many of them . Hope you enjoy this CD .
 Well I got this Cd about a month ago and its pretty good . It has hits like Big Time and Sledgehammer . I also like the new studio recording of shaking the tree , but I do have a few complaints . First of all a good deal of the songs on this album are RADIO EDITS !!!! They take out parts of the song to make it shorter ! WHY ??!?! Why do they always put radio edits on greatest hits or compilation CDs ?? There should have been enough room on the disc ! My last complaint would be this ... They left out In your eyes ! I know that it was n't a very popular song yet at the time but Come On ! How can they leave that song out on a greatest hits compilation ? Overall this album is OK if you do n't mind the radio edits and the left out track . But BY GOD ... The piano re recording of Here Comes the Flood is damn awe inspiring . Dare I say it ... Maybe even better than the original ? It is because of this ONE re recording tha made me give this album a 5 STAR review .
 `` Shaking The Tree '' is an excellent collection of the talented singer and songwriter 's music . Much of his best released work is her , along with newer versions of some of his songs.This collection has `` Solsbury Hill , '' `` Sledgehammer , '' `` San Jacinto , '' `` Mercy Street , '' `` Do n't Give Up , '' and others . An unreleased standout is the alternate version of '' I Have The Touch , '' a rare case when the alternate version far exceeds the original.Truly , `` In Your Eyes , '' and later Gabriel songs like `` Steam '' and `` The Blood of Eden '' are n't on here , but this collection is a great collection nonetheless , and is a great beginning primer for new fans of Gabriel 's work .
 I would n't pretend to be a music critic or even a Peter Gabriel affectionado . I bought the CD entirely because of one song
 If you are a great fan like me and already have all the cd collection , there 's no need for this one . You already have most of it , what is missing is `` Shaking the tree '' ... there is a better version of it on `` Secret World Live '' , a piano version of `` Here comes the flood '' ... there is a better version on Growing up Live -LRB- DVD -RRB- what 's left is a new mix of `` I have the touch '' and `` Zaar '' which is not a memorable song.Be aware also that some of the songs have been edited to a shorter version.I would add that the hits are not the best songs of Peter Gabriel , the rest of his material is better . This cd is for completist or for someone who want to own only one cd of the artist -LRB- which is a mistake ! -RRB-
 I love Peter Gabriel 's music . This CD is a wonderful collection of his best . I would highly recommend it !!!
 An effective collection . It 's missing a track or two , as compilations inevitably are -LRB- especially from such an accomplished artist as Gabriel -RRB- , but this is , on the whole , a satisfying collection . The big hits and well-known songs are here - Sledgehammer , Shock The Monkey , Big Time , Red Rain , Games Without Frontiers , etc. . Also gratefully included are some personal favorites of mine - Mercy Street , Do n't Give Up , San Jacinto , and a stunning new version of Here Comes The Flood . All of these are great , sprawling songs of the emotionally impactive variety Gabriel does so well . Also included , of course , is his first single , Solsbury Hill , which addresses his leaving Genesis , and , despite the years , is still my all-time favorite track of his . It 's one of those songs that , no matter how many times I hear it , I still love it . Zaar , from his beautiful album Passion , is here as well . Shaking The Tree is a very nice starting place for the casual fan .
 Absolutely outstanding ! One of my personal top 5 CD 's of all time . If you are not a die-hard Peter Garbiel fan , you really should buy this one . A few songs I did n't like on their original mix were greatly improved like , `` I Have The Touch '' . Although the purist might be offended by the alterations , someone who is not a Gabriel fan will become one after hearing so many excelent tracks all on one CD .
 Sure ... `` In Your Eyes '' is not on this collection . But `` Red Rain '' , `` Mercy Street '' , and `` Do n't Give Up '' are . Point is - these songs are from the same studio album as `` In Your Eyes '' -LRB- _ So _ -RRB- and are just as good . But most people who casually know the work of Peter Gabriel might have never even heard them . And therefore , this is a successful `` Best Of '' album because it contains material that casual listeners have heard on the radio -LRB- `` Sledgehammer '' , `` Big Time '' , `` Solsbury Hill '' -RRB- and other material that they are probably less familar with -LRB- `` San Jacinto '' , `` Here Comes the Flood '' , `` Family Snapshot '' , and `` I Do n't Remember '' -RRB- . This was the first Gabriel album that I picked up and it made me go back and pick up his studio albums . The choices for the ` sixteen greats ' are excellent . `` Shaking The Tree '' makes its first appearance here , as does a piano/vocal-only version of `` Here Comes the Flood . '' If you 're thinking of picking up this album because you 've liked what you heard of Gabriel on the radio , you really ca n't go wrong with this collection .
 After reading so many comments about the omission of `` In Your Eyes '' on `` Shaking the Tree , '' I felt I had to comment . When you think about it , `` In Your Eyes '' was only a minor hit when first released in 1986 . It did n't become the acknowledged classic until its use in `` Say Anything '' in 1989 . Since `` Shaking the Tree '' came out originally in 1990 , the song had not been a `` classic '' for that long . The bigger reason that `` In Your Eyes '' is not on this greatest hits collection is that including EVERY hit from `` So '' would greatly hurt sales of the `` So '' CD release . With `` In Your Eyes '' on `` Shaking the Tree , '' fans could now get `` Sledgehammer , '' `` Big Time , '' `` Do n't Give Up , '' `` Mercy Street , '' `` Red Rain , '' and `` In Your Eyes on a greatest hits CD . For most people , that would preclude them from buying `` So . '' If you notice , on his `` Hit '' CD , `` In Your Eyes '' is there , but the brilliant `` Mercy Street '' is missing . If you notice other greatest hits CD 's from other artists , the majority of them follow this practice . As the old saying goes , `` Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free ? ''
 Even though its not a double cd , this cd is special for having the song `` Shaking the Tree '' . A must in the Peter Gabriel collection . Downfall of this album is the fact that its outdated . Do yourself a favor and buy this album , Gabriel II , Us , So and Up . You will have a great collection of his best work . If you 're a fan buy everything , trust me its worth it .
 It 's pretty obvious that `` In Your Eyes '' perhaps one of Peter 's biggest hits was omitted off this album , this compilation of hits is pretty thorough though . I was stunned that `` In Your Eyes '' was not included but I 'll have to buy `` So '' to have it in my cd collection.Asides from `` In Your Eyes '' not being on the cd , I thought `` Shaking the Tree : Sixteen Golden Greats '' is excellent , especially for casual Peter Gabriel listeners such as myself . His songs on this cd are great and timeless . Songs like `` Mercy Street '' and `` Do n't Give Up '' give me the chills . They possess a haunting quality about them that makes my hair stand up . `` Biko '' is another favorite track of mine and tells the listener the story of Steven Biko.Peter Gabriel 's vocal stylings is rather unique as his ability to tell stories through songs like `` Biko '' . Frankly there is n't a artist today that can come close to Peter Gabriel in my book . The beauty of his music is that he can have fun in songs like `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time '' and be serious in `` Biko '' and `` Red Rain '' .
 First , I thought I 'd help clarify the -LRB- ostensible -RRB- reasons behind some of the song choices on Shaking The Tree -LRB- alright everyone , let 's get our trivia caps on ! -RRB- : Gabriel reportedly excluded `` In Your Eyes '' for two reasons ; first of all , he just tired of it , disliking it as a millstone around his neck which misrepresented him and pigeonholed him . It became his `` Creep , '' to make a wholly inappropriate analogy to a Radiohead song . In some sense I agree with this ; I for one find it really annoying when I try to talk about Gabriel to my friends and all they know by him is that damned behemoth prom song . The second reason is a bit more personal
 An excellent compilation album , considering every track is brilliant . -LRB- Of course , I must warn , I think just about anything Peter does is incredible ! -RRB- If you do n't own any Peter Gabriel , you could start with this one . Use it in helping you choose in which order you will collect ones before it . Well , that is kinda what I did . Enjoy !
 I would have given this CD five stars were it not for a few glaring omissions . Peter should have included In Your Eyes and No Self Control . Also , the edit done to Mercy Street -LRB- Compare it to the version on So and you 'll see what I mean -RRB- is kind of annoying . However , if you already own his other albums , you should definitely pick this one up . Shaking the Tree is an instant classic PG tune and Here Comes the Flood grows on you if you give it more than a couple of listens . Overall , a very good disc .
 Peter Gabriel has done it again . This album is worth every star I gave it . From the beginning to the end , this is a work of art . Peter Gabriel knows what he is doing with all kinds of music . And `` Here comes the flood '' is a beautiful song that should get more recognition . I suggest to anyone who is a Peter Gabriel fan or anyone who has good taste in different types of music to pick this album up .
 I find the tracks that are included here are wonderful representations of Gabriels ' long and varied career . Although the selections shy away from some of his more eclectic pieces , every song is memorable , and his delicate singing and instrumentation on many of them are dazzling . I can sit and listen to this album for hours , especially as many of the songs have a mystical bent to their lyrics .
 This album gives any listener an excellent overview of Gabriel 's range and talent . From the commercial `` Slegehammer '' to `` Family Snapshot '' the man 's talent is phenomenal . A must for any serious music listener .
 This Peter Gabriel compilation is a bit brief , but what is here is good . Some songs have been edited to a shorter form , but for the casual fan , it wo n't matter too much . I 've always liked Peter Gabriel , his voice is hauntingly great . Also , the songs are out of sequence , which is a bit annoying , but at least they are here . If you like prog/art rock and 80 's pop/rock this will be a nice listen .
 If you love music , this is a must have ! I have listened to this album regularly for almost 2 decades , it 's classic genius !
 Peter Gabriel is for sure one of the most creative and talented modern musicians.He is makin music since almost 40 years.During that 40 years styles and fashion were changing very often and Peter followed them , but always changing into a new quality . `` Shaking The tree '' is a portrait of Gabriel 's solo career from 1976 hit single `` SOLSBURY HILL '' through punk rock severity and Synth Minimalism -LRB- `` I DONT REMEMBER , `` SHOCK THE MONKEY '' , `` GAMES WITHOUT FRONTIERS '' -RRB- to modern etno-flavoured pop -LRB- Title track , `` RED RAIN '' , `` BIKO '' -RRB- . In my opinion Some Tracks are missing here -LRB- Why did all Second album has been missed ??? -RRB- but no tracks are unecesarry.Peter 's Music is touching -LRB- `` MERCY STREET '' , `` HERE COMES THE FLOOD '' -RRB- , Sometimes great to dance -LRB- `` BIG TIME , `` SLEDGEHAMMER '' -RRB- and mysterious -LRB- `` ZAAR '' , `` SAN JACINTO '' -RRB- . In all cases It 's unussualy catchy and original.Just listen to it.if you never heard Peter Gabriel now is the time to hear his tracks
 A very creative and talented artist . Plenty of good and diverse music here .
 I 've been sort of hoping that the re-mastering of this best of catalogue would mean that a proper new album from Gabriel would be pretty imminent . Unfortunately that so far does n't seem to be the case and all we have to keep us going is yet another soundtrack . This collection of songs takes from the mid-70 's when he shocked the world by announcing he was leaving Genesis right up to his biggest selling album `` So '' which saw him have a new more commercial and very marketable direction and then on to the first of many dabblings in world music with the Youssou N'Dour collaboration . Unfortunately I think that this new collection could have been updated to include tracks from his incredible `` Us '' album in '93 and maybe a couple of tracks from his soundtracks to ` Birdy ' and ` The Last Temptation Of Christ ' . But that 's just a minor quibble cos what we have here are 16 amazing tracks from one of the worlds most amazingly innovative artists.Gabriel was the driving force of Genesis , whose music has been the template for many groups nowadays not least Radiohead . His music has always been on the cutting edge . This c.d. goes from the quite raw beginnings of tracks like the acoustic driven `` Solsbury Hill '' with it 's marvellous ` boom , boom , boom ' end of chorus , and it goes right up to the lavish production of the Daniel Lanois produced ` So ' album . The difference in quality is still quite startling despite all the re-mastering . Gabriel has of course become synonymous with ` World Music ' nowadays what with his ` Real World ' label giving new artists some great exposure . On this album he has two tracks with a distinctly African feel-his duet with the wonderful Youssou N'Dour on `` Shaking The Tree '' and of course `` Biko '' . The latter track may not have any musical sounds from Africa but the sentiment of those lyrics brings back quite vividly the brutal regime of apartheid in South Africa . There is a slight Latino feel to early tracks like San Jacinto too . ` So ' is represented by 5 tracks here . `` Sledgehammer '' may have been one of M.T.V. 's earliest major hits but it 's still a fine song without all the visuals of that amazing video . `` Red Rain '' is a beautiful track full of despair and lavish synth effects and is one of my favourite Gabriel songs . Then there 's the marvellous duet with Kate Bush on `` Do n't Give Up '' which reaches an amazing climax when the two voices practically merge on that almost gospel sounding bridge . `` Big Time '' is a funky sounding track which is full of fun and has an exciting bass line . In some ways I wish they 'd taken `` Shock The Monkey '' and `` Solsbury Hill '' from the ` Gabriel Plays Live ' album as to me they sound far more powerful and prove what a stunning live performer Gabriel is.This c.d. is perfect for those who do not want to shell out and get all of those early albums individually . Gabriel has long been one of the world 's most innovative artists and while this collection may be playing it safe it 's sort of an essential purchase . I just wish he 'd hurry on and complete that new album-we 've been waiting for nearly 10 years now !
 A respectable compilation of Gabeirl 's best works . I like hit anthologies not so much because the songs included have sold the best or have achieved a Top 10 status , but more they better represent the long-term aspirations and recognition of the public listener majority . Of course , not all compilation versions are the same nor unfortunately does each release suit every artist/group listener taste . In my opinion , 16 Golden Greats itself has almost all of Gabriel 's best tune selections - SOLSBURY HILL , SLEDGEHAMMER , RED RAIN , GAMES WITHOUT FRONTIERS , SHOCK THE MONKEY and BIG TIME.Although some song cuts have been shortened or altered , Geffen probably intended to give listeners some form of variety to the original song versions . As a single disc , the standard 80 min . CD maximum had pretty much been optimized . Probably better they felt to include more reduced song versions than less songs of longer initial arrangement . Because a single hit disc is what they first decided , that was the time-play dilemma they no doubt confronted . Mr. Gabriel himself must also have had some impact or say as to the final release CD format.That put aside , the popular hits most all again are here . Sadly of course , as most other reviewers also have brought to attention , IN YOUR EYES was inappropriately omitted . This I guess only marks the fact that company/stores , with few exception , never will or can give up their basic ground ruling -LRB- s -RRB- `` You make available everything consumers desire and they wo n't purchase anything more again ... In order for us to make a profit , people must buy their wants and pay for their needs . '' Nonetheless , a significant overview/introduction of Gabriel 's best accomplished recordings and an integral part to any diversified CD collection .
 I like this disc a lot , but if you do n't have any PG CDs buy `` So '' and `` Passion '' before you buy this one . If you still want more PG , buy this . This CD spans many years , and there is a large range of musical styles -LRB- and quality ! -RRB- on this disc . Casual PG fans will only be interested in the 2 CDs I mentioned . This CD is mainly of interest to those who really like his music .
 I had already owned Peter Gabriel 's `` So '' and `` Us '' before I decided to get this fine collection of his solo material , some of which I was familiar with . Besides `` Sledgehammer '' , `` Mercy Street '' , `` Do n't Give Up '' , `` Red Rain '' , and `` Big Time '' -LRB- Where 's `` In Your Eyes '' , anyway ? -RRB- , all from `` So '' , my other favorites are `` Solsbury Hill '' , `` I Do n't Remember '' , `` Shaking The Tree '' itself , `` San Jacinto '' , the new-for-this-collection `` Here Comes The Flood '' , the particularly strange and bizarre-lyric-filled `` Games Without Frontiers '' , and my absolute favorite `` Shock The Monkey '' , albeit in edited form , as opposed to the version I heard on the radio . So , now , beside fellow Genesis veteran Phil Collins ' `` Hits '' CD , this is a must for anyone 's adult-contemporary collection . I 'd recommend it heavily !
 I got no means to show identificationI got no papers show you what I amYou 'll have to take me just the way that you find meWhat 's gone is gone and I do not give a damnEmpty stomach , empty headPreviously , I reviewed Kate Bush 's The Whole Story , which I picked up , used , to take with me on my recent trip to China . The other used CD I picked up for the trip was Peter Gabriel 's Shaking the Tree - Sixteen Golden Greats . Released between his albums So -LRB- which I own on audiotape -RRB- and Us , this greatest hits collection thereby focuses on Gabriel 's earlier career , and tries to `` spread the love '' a little evenly between all his early albums ... which means that the over-played hit song `` In Your Eyes '' is missing here . Also missing are a few great hits from the later album Us , including `` Digging in the Dirt '' and `` Steam '' -LRB- good thing I own Us already -RRB- . What is here are a collection of great songs . New favourites for me
 This is one of a very few best of compilations ever that stands out as a great work of art on it 's own . All too many times , best of compilations are just singles or tracks thrown in together mostly in chronological order or if you are lucky , some attempt at making the whole album flow as a cohesive work is made but usually to little avail . `` Shaking the Tree '' is an exception ; all the tracks are very good and are ordered in such a way that there is a distinct flow that makes you feel that this was just a great album and not just a collection of tracks . To use the cliche , there 's synergy here as the whole is greater than the some of its parts.As I alluded to earlier , very few compilations fall under that category . Sure some may moan that `` In Your Eyes '' is not here but I 'm not too bothered about that . `` So '' is a work of art on its own and so if you are a true Peter Gabriel fan , you should get a good remastered version of that album in addition to this anyway . As for me , I 'm waiting for `` So '' to come out in a similar -LRB- or even better -RRB- repackaged/remastered version before I go get it . Hopefully I wo n't have to wait too long for that to happen.I tried very hard to find a weak track on this album but there really is n't one . It 's come to the point where if you amend this with bonus tracks or even switch the track order in the future , that would amount to diminishing the quality of the product and virtual sacrilege.This has happened before with The Little River Band 's Greatest Hits -LRB- girl in pool -RRB- . They made a remastered version that changed everything from the track order to adding bonus tracks that were truly pissed poor and totally destroyed a classic best of compilation.Other albums that fit in the good category that `` Shaking ... '' falls under are
 This is a great compilation of Peter Gabriel 's music even though one CD can not cover all of his hits . The thing that impressed me even more , was the sound quality of this remaster . They have done a truly exceptional job of increasing the sound quality , similar to what the XRCD process but at half the cost to the consumer . A definite best buy .
 the music here gets 4 big fat stars , the problem is ... this is a remaster , a re-tweaking , a `` hey , we almost got it down '' . a disc hold nearly 80 minutes so why , why , why shorten the songs ? the word `` re-mixed '' is tagged onto several cuts here and in every case it only means we hacked out a bridge , an intro , an ending , or all three . un-acceptable . my other ... collector geek thang -RRB- beef with this thing is the tray numbering . each re-master has a big number under the tray , this being number nine.that means passion is eight and us is ten , do you know how annoying that is to collector nerds like myself ? pretty DOG-GONE annoying .
 If your looking for the majority of his hits on one cd , then this is what you want . His most popular songs are included , like `` Sledgehammer '' , `` Solsbury Hill '' , `` Shock the Monkey '' , and `` Games Without Frontiers '' . Also there 's the fan favorites `` I Have the Touch '' , `` Biko '' , and `` Do n't Give Up '' , with `` Kate Bush '' . It 's all here and more , and only really missing `` In Your Eyes '' . Fortunately , he has a new 2-disc collection out called `` Hit '' , and that has twice what 's here , with songs from `` Us '' and `` Up '' , and yes , it includes `` In Your Eyes '' . Either collection you choose , it should make you happy , `` Big Time '' .
 When I sometimes think about the music industry today , I always think that it is starting to become a load of crap . There really are n't that many artists that 've been influences to the whole new generation of artists out there . Still , it does n't surprise me for one minute . Nevertheless , there are so many great artists out there , they can always cancel out on each other . When it came to music in the 70 's and 80 's there were very few rejects . At that time , one of the most dynamic artists ever made in full bloom , Peter Gabriel . Still , he has came a real long way since his days as the original frontman of Genesis . But it does n't surprise me to see that he is still making some of the greatest music out there right now.With Shaking The Tree
 This is a must have for even the meekest of Peter Gabriel fans ... There 's nothing wrong with a bit of commercial success as this CD demonstrates . This is a great collection of bests , beyond the days of Genesis .
 I love this album . But then again , I love every album by Peter Gabriel . It is unfortunate that `` In Your Eyes '' was n't included , but the rest makes up for it . I could be wrong , but I 'm assuming that `` In Your Eyes '' was n't included because it was n't considered a released hit . What I mean is that it was just another song off of the So album . And when the movie Say Anything was released a few years later , it became popular . Well , because its not included on this album , those who are n't hard core fans , but love the song will go out and buy the So album . And then they can experience more of his brilliance . Therefore , I recommend not only this album , but every album he 's created .
 Totally incredible , must have , worth twice the price ! So many awesome songs !
 The title of this collection is in my opinion , a relatively accurate title for this amazing collection . This CD came out in 1990 so it might be kind of obsolete but Gabriel has put out little music since 1992s US but this CD contains 16 excellent singles from 1977 through 1990 . Indeed this CD is a great collection of 16 ` Golden ' greats because all the tracks are great.There are a few flaws to this album . That is it does n't include ` In Your Eyes ' off 1986s SO but while the selected tracks on here are ` golden ' ` In Your Eyes ' to me is more like a diamond track . I guess it was n't all that bad to leave it off this CD so that SO can remain in print and sell well because putting that on here would 've put almost all of SO 's best tracks on here , making it almost a useless album but I guess In Your Eyes was left off to keep that album in print.Another flaw that dogs most ` Greatest Hits ' CDs is the shortening of several tracks . First I Do n't Remember is shortened so is Sledgehammer . The blazing rock ending of IDR kind of gets louder at the last 3 seconds before Sledgehammer . Sledgehammer on here has a slightly edited beat towards the ending and the track ends , instead of fading out on the parent album version.Finally there are n't even any tracks from the PG2
 This is a collection of Peter Gabriel 's VAST talent . Musically , I can not say that I 've heard any better . I 'm a recording artist , and I 'm extremely `` picky '' when it comes to recordings , especially the music . This collection has the most incredible blend of bass/drums/keyboards / vox , etc. that I 've ever heard.I noticed that in some of the songs from 1980 , the GREAT and POWERFUL Phil Collins adds his two-cents in . His two-cents adds up to a million when mixed with Phil 's . I listened again to the entire album of songs , and I came to the conclusion that Peter Gabriel 's sounds are much like Phil Collins . -LRB- Wonder why ?! -RRB- lolSledgehammer is one of my personal favorite dance-toons of the 1980 's , and I had it up so loud in my truck that I blew ALL of the speakers . Just a good excuse to install new & better ones , right ?! It was fun to get re-aquainted with Peter Gabriel 's stuff ... even `` Shock The Monkey '' as well as some familiar lyrics
 I would like to have this CD , but where the hell is the song `` In Your Eyes '' ? That song is one of the best Peter Gabriel songs that I ever heard and this CD is not complete to me w/o this song on it .
 For those of us who remember Peter Gabriel 's solo career all the way back to `` Solsbury Hill , '' this album is an excellent compilation of his work with one glaring exception
 I can not make my mind up about this album . My instant reaction is to advise people to ignore it -- except as a cheap way of collecting together the best from Gabriel 's first three albums -- and to buy each of ` Security ' , ` So ' and ` Passion ' , because in my view , Gabriel hit his best patch in that period . All are 5-star masterpieces.But I have to admit to a partial ignorance of Gabriel 's work . Though I have all his subsequent output , I do n't own the first three albums . Some reviewers say that the first two are flawed , but I have had friends who swore by his early stuff.The best compilations are the ones you make for yourself !
 Peter Gabriel is in my humble opinion a monument in the rock scene , from his days in Genesis to his solo work . Gabriel has two compilations out on his solo work , this one and 2003 's 2 CD `` Hit
 I got this for a very good price , and I think almost everything on here is quintessential gabriel
 When I think about a `` greatest hits '' collection I usually think of it in terms of whether or not it has enough `` great '' songs on it to take it in the car instead of lugging an artist 's entire portfolio from house to automobile floorboard and then having to skip through the tracks I do n't care for while keeping an eye on the traffic idiots . This one fits the criteria very well . Yeah , it really should have `` In Your Eyes '' on it and it 's hard for me to understand why Peter would leave it out just because of his divorce but , hey , he 's got his reasons I guess . It 's a GLARING omission , however . But the tracks are not in chronological order , which I like . A hits album does n't have to be like an episode of `` Behind the Music . '' I 'm glad they put in `` I do n't remember '' and `` San Jacinto '' because they represent Mr. Gabriel 's uncommercial side quite well .
 I always thought that `` Shaking the Tree '' -LRB- and any other Peter Gabriel album -RRB- deserved a remastering job . The sound on the original version of `` Shaking the Tree '' was alright but there was always room for improvement . Although there is no new songs on this album , I still wanted to get it because of the production sound . I must say that buying this album to replace my old copy was a vast improvement . The songs on this album have a much clearer sound like on `` Family Snapshot '' and `` Mercy Street '' -LRB- one of my more personal favorite Peter Gabriel songs ever -RRB- . The production comes right at you . No matter how old some of these songs are , Peter Gabriel 's music can never sound dated , especially the haunting ballad `` Do n't Give Up '' -LRB- the duet Peter did with influential artist Kate Bush -RRB- and `` Red Rain '' . I definitely plan on acquiring the remastered version of Peter 's classic `` So '' .
 Shaking the Tree is a great collection of Peter Gabriel 's best work . Throughout his career his music has been both truly brilliant -LRB- albums like ` So ' and ` Security ' exemplify this -RRB- and downright awful -LRB- ` Us ' and his second self-titled album -RRB- . A lot of his music suffers from a lack of continuity , and some of it just seems like he 's thrown riffs he likes together to create a song with no common foundation . However , Shaking the Tree sorts out the best from the worst . Every one of the songs on the album is a classic , is different from the last , and demonstrates the lyrical and musical wizardry Gabriel is capable of . If you 've never listened to Peter Gabriel before , definitely get this album - if you do n't like it then you wo n't like the rest of his work .
 In an ideal world , we all can afford all the albums we are interested in . However , there are those tricky factors of money and time to consider . If someone 's looking for some Peter Gabriel to add to their collection , it 'd be difficult to narrow the choice down to one album -LSB- both SO & PETER GABRIEL -LRB- melting -RRB- are both near-masterpieces , and others are n't far behind -RSB- . This is a great sampler for those who want to get their feet wet . It contains the obligatory `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time '' -LRB- but ignores , oddly , `` In Your Eyes '' , which you 'll suprisingly not miss -RRB- , but also gives you a taste of his more complex work - `` Family Snapshot '' , `` San Jacinto '' , `` Biko '' . `` Zaar '' is perhaps an odd selection , but it will give you taste of some of the items on his RealWorld label , and it somehow fits into the collection . If your money and time is less budgeted , I 'd certainly recommend picking up many of Peter Gabriel 's wonderful items , but for the rest , this is an excellent way to go .
 Peter Gabriel has many more great songs than could possibly be included on a single disk . Nevertheless , for the most part `` Shaking the Tree '' captures many of his best and most popular songs . The one glaring exception is `` In Your Eyes , '' which has to rank as one of his absolute best . In fact , this album could have been made nearly perfect by inclusion of the fantastic -LRB- and VERY rare -RRB- live version of the song that is available , if at all , only on an import single . Nevertheless , this is a good place for casual fans of Gabriel to start .
 This is EASILY the best `` best-of '' CD I own . -LRB- For reference
 Peter Gabriel 's best known -LRB- and arguably best -RRB- work came before 1990 and after he left Genesis in the mid-1970 's . This compilation covers that period , and nearly does an excellent job.There 's one glaring exception , one so big nearly every review here has mentioned it
 This cd is far from his first - Flame Spitter if you did n't know - but it I would definetly say it 's good , and worth the money . Theres no Ganja Stick on here , none of that , mainly just some tracks you might listen to when your with your girl or whatever . I 'll admit I was a little disappointed cause when I seen the cd I did n't know he was even thinking about coming out with another and I expected it to be his old style but it was definetly more commercial . I mean theres a song called So Hard , and yeah , he 's talkin about himself . But hey , a lot of love , still one of my favorite white rappers no doubt .
 Saw her in person about 15 years ago in Las Vegas NV . She gave a wonderful performance there is a song she wrote for her wedding vows called Wedding Vows that touched my heart and I purchased a tape of it but wore it out . When I went on Amazon and found CD had to have it . For all people getting married or who are married already I highly recommend it . Rest of CD isgreat also . Still looking for another release by her .
 Garth Ross has finally released his first solo CD , and there will obviously be many more to follow . His lyrics tell stories and weave emotions in a style nothing short of poetic , but they run in tight competition with a voice that is clear and unique , and seems to have unlimited range . I love `` Bump in the Road '' , where he adds banjo and steps it up to bluegrass-style tribute to the loss of American railroads . `` Easy Labor '' is the most beautiful , simple love song folk music could hope to produce . The kind of CD you could be tempted to leave in the stereo for weeks on end !
 Garth Ross is a rare singer-songwriter that has the whole package
 An album far `` advanced '' for it 's time . Originally released in 1994 on the `` One Little Indian '' label , the 2005 remastered version pumps out Steven Wilson & Tim Bowness ' purely genius ` Elegant Dreaminess ' talent . Both my '94 and 2005 versions of ` Flowermouth ' are sitting here in front of me at my desk as I type -LRB- for easy reference -RRB- . In my opinion , `` Flowermouth ' and ` Wild OPera ' are No-Man 's 2 best recordings to date . ` Flowermouth ' takes you on that mesmeric rollercoaster ride of Euphoric and dramatic music , making it a very moody & brilliant album.Personally , if anything had to be corrected -LRB- perfected -RRB- , I would 've re-recorded `` Simple '' with a completely different ending . There 's 90 seconds of that delerious keyboard and the ending goes nowhere to the imagination . But 's it 's a delight to hear Lisa Gerrard -LRB- of Dead Can Dance -RRB- on ` Simple ' . Her voice is a great touch to this song ... which happens to be one of my favorites , among many on this CD . My absolute favorite is ` You Grow More Beautiful ' ... with it 's lush and elegant arrangements . My 3rd favorite track has to be ` Teardrop Fall ' ... for it 's mesmeric & fluid , yet leaves you floating there in the atmoshpere like many of No-Man 's songs do . If your ears are sensitive to the subtle & obvious changes between an original issue and a remastered issue , you 'll notice the sharpness of the effects & sound on ` Flowermouth ' . Tracklisting :01 - Angel Gets Caught In The Beauty Trap - 10:33 -LRB- 36 seconds longer than 1994 version -RRB- 02 - You Grow More Beautiful - 5:2603 - Animal Ghost - 6:0904 - Soft Shoulders - 3:5905 - Shell Of A Fighter - 7:5006 - Teardrop Fall - 4:3907 - Watching Over Me - 4:4308 - Simple - 7:0309 - Things Change - 7:31 Bonus Tracks10 - Angeldust - 9:1111 - Born Simple - 12:09 -LRB- the most atmospheric ` Steven Wilson ' influenced track on the album -RRB- Packaging & Features : - Booklet is actually a booklet , rather than a gatefold pamphlet - Booklet & digipack are printed in a soft matte - Fully Lyrics are included in booklet - This appears to be the corrected re-issue with the right year & packaging ... unlike the pre-order `` error '' - CD tray features the `` feet in the flowers '' image - Inner cover features Steven & Tim -LRB- same image also found in inside last page of booklet -RRB- - Booklet features an interesting 4-page ` Story ' behind the album & re-issue - CD is silver , minus the floral print . Titling is in white - Included insert featuring all the `` Snapper '' label re-issues of Porcupine Tree , No-Man & BlackfieldBuy this CD for you wo n't regret it . I recommend it to anyone who truly appreciates what beautiful music is all about.To Chellie ... I highly recommended ` Flowermouth ' to you ! ; -RRB-
 With its lush textures and warm , gentle vocals , ` Flowermouth ' is not instantly sonically abrasive . Despite this , it is not a record that benefits from great immediacy . The melodies are subtle and hypnotic , while a lot of the tracks , while built around a melodic motif or simple rhythm , possess a trance like quality that sees them unfold and expand around the listener.No-Man is a project of Steven Wilson and Tim Bowness . Wilson is widely known for his work with Porcupine Tree , and while some facets of Flowermouth recall his work there , notably the vocal engineering , No man is quite a different band . ` Flowermouth ' is a delicate balance of post-rock texture and mood , pop vocals and simple , carefree lyrics , coupled with a hint of dance ambience . Each track is very carefully crafted and is crammed with ideas . The more upbeat , catchy numbers like ` You grow more beautiful ' or the superb ` Teardrop fall ' have a soothing , dreamy quality , with Bowness excellent vocals giving the songs accesibility . Both would almost serve as pop singles . No man really flex their muscles on the exteneded experimental pieces , like the glorious opening shot ` Angel gets Caught in the Beauty Trap ' -LRB- best title and song ever ! -RRB- . Here Robert Fripp contributes a guitar loop thing , and the duo paint a gorgeous exercise in texture , tone and subtle melody over it . Each track is well crafted and executed , and each contributes well to the overall flow of the record.No Man seem to be quite underrated and not widely known , even considering Wilson 's other projects , which is a shame , as this album is a gorgeous exercise in texture and its also really accessible , after a couple of listens . I recommend it highly .
 What a pleasure to hear an album as refreshing as this one . The blend of electronic , acoustic -LRB- or analog -RRB- instruments , and a nice collection of guests on this album make Flowermouth one of the best No Man albums . The songs are incredibly original , and have the presence of guitar guru Robert Fripp - as guest - on 80 % of the record.At first listen I couldn t believe ther interplay between former King Crimson sax player Mel Collins , Robert Fripp and the voice of Lisa Gerrard -LRB- of Dead can dance -RRB- . Steve Wilson shows maturity -LRB- considering this was 1994 -RRB- in comparison to his full time project Porcupine Tree - which also is wonderful . Tim Bowness is the singer and although I have n't heard many more records by No Man , has a voice that fits this band s sound perfectly . On the first song , ` Angel gets caught in the beauty trap ' , we hear him sing `` In my dream I feel you breathing . . In my dream I feel you breathe '' . These are very deep and beautiful words.I beleive this band will continue to release excellent records -LRB- as they have since Flowermouth -RRB- , and that the other projects that the members of this band partake in , will continue growing .
 This is an incredibly moving album . No-man somehow finds a way to fuse the rich , effusive sound of ornate progressive rock with the intimacy and timelessness of classic English folk -LRB- thing of Talk Talk 's later years , David Sylvian , or Nick Drake -RRB- . This sacrifices nothing from the best of both genres and remains a high water mark in the catalogs of Steven Wilson -LRB- Porcupine Tree -RRB- and Tim Bowness . Guest appearances from Robert Fripp , Mel Collins , and Lisa Gerrard only enhance the music and never sound gratuitous . Wilson , of course , has gone on to great acclaim in Porcupine Tree , but the fans should pay particular attention to Mr. Bowness , whose sensibility brings a very different emotion to this music . Music for the sake of music with no compromises .
 Imagine Depeche Mode if they were n't so dark , imagine Pink Floyd if they 'd had an incurable romantic streak , and you 've got an idea of what you 're in for with Flowermouth . The liner notes use phrases like `` a glorious pop netherworld '' and despite the hyperbole , it 's no exaggeration - here , No-Man created a blissful smorgasbord for the ears that still stands as one of the most underrated discs of the 90s . Think of it as a much-needed answer to Morrissey or the Cure.At heart the songs are basically pop melancholia , but with such a breathtakingly lush sound that it would make angels weep . Tim Bowness 's rich voice deserves mention in the same league as David Sylvian , while the instrumental part of the equation is absolutely stunning . It would be stunning even if Steven Wilson had handled everything by himself , but this record also benefits from Robert Fripp , Richard Barbieri , Ben Coleman , Mel Collins and Ian Carr . It 's practically worthwhile for the guest list alone.Ultra-lush pop is the basic framework , but the music also shows an ambient sensibility , a taste for electronica , a touch of minimalism , a quiet-jazz attitude and the occasional emotional-rollercoaster guitar solo . Underlying everything is a bewitching bed of electronic beats , ranging from catchy danceable techno - just try not to bang on something during `` Teardrop Fall '' - to minimal chill-out groove . All their strengths are summed up in the myriad of lovely textures of `` Angel Gets Caught in the Beauty Trap , '' hands-down one of the most incredible No-Man songs ever . It 's an exquisite ten minutes of gorgeous synths , guitar , sax and violin , each contribution more lovely than the last.Granted , in spots the production can sound a tad close to 80s synth-pop . But trust me , no one hates 80s music more than I do , and I say the sheer loveliness of the whole experience overrides any of those complaints . Even better than the original , this reissue has a fuller , warmer sound and 20 minutes of bonus material -LRB- drawn from early jams of `` Angel Gets Caught ... '' and `` Simple '' -RRB- featuring some wondrous Frippertronic guitar . The packaging is worse than before , but I guess you ca n't have everything.This is a perfect time to discover this gem of an album . You want it . Go buy .
 Flowermouth is my personal favorite from No-Man , the long running side project from Steven Wilson and vocalist Tim Bowness . Flowermouth has lots of great beats , violins , flutes , and the soothing voice of Tim Bowness . From the amazing opening track `` Angel Gets Caught in the Beauty Trap '' , to the almost mainstream sounding `` You Grow More Beautiful '' , to the perfect closing track `` Things Change '' , you get a lot of bang for your buck . Worth every penny !
 I learned about NO-MAN through Porcupine Tree 's `` Master of Music '' Steven Wilson . What a genious.I absolutely love No-Man Flowermouth . Lots of Violins and Flutes . Why do n't Porcupine Tree do more of this sound on one of their up-coming CDs?Tim Bowness 's voice is amazing , and I think he definitely fits the part of vocalist in this duo.Not one song is bad , and I have very little else to say about this wonderful CD.Glad to own it .
 No-Man - FlowermouthWith odes to minimalism , chill beat and art rock genres , No-Man 's Flowermouth is an album like no others . Flowermouth is full of lavish orchestration , deep and resonating tones and a certain tranquility with a creative calmness all surrounding it . Musically this is deep contemplative music as sung by Tim Bowness put to the creative instrumentation of Steve Wilson.On a number of No-Man albums King Crimson 's Robert Fripp made a guest appearance as he did on Flowermouth . Wilson also ropes in the likes of Richard Barbieri , Steve Jansen , Chris Maitland -LRB- the usual suspects -RRB- to assist in musically portraying this album.And to top it all off Lisa Gerard 's voice of Dead Can Dance graces this album on `` Simple '' . Steve Wilson sampled her voice and incorporated it into the song and liked it so much that he gave her credit for guest appearing on the album ! Flowermouth is a great pop-synth-aart-rock album that get my vote as an album you JUST GOT TA HEAR !
 A revelation in terms of the band 's capabilities and future evolution , `` Flowermouth '' is one of those rare albums that is clearly a work of a band in transition and yet in its own right absolutely brilliant . While No-Man would manage more solid albums overall , `` Flowermouth '' ultimately has some of the best work the band has done in their career.Certainly opener `` Angel Gets Caught in the Beauty Trap '' frames the album well , and I suspect anyone hoping for more of the inventive pop ofLoveblows and Lovecries
 For those of you who know little about the brilliant Steve Wilson -LRB- front man for Porcupine Tree and collaborator on Blackfield -RRB- this older side project reveals just how deep his talents permeate the music scene . His partner on this project , Tim Bowness has one of those ethereal voices , sure to please in every type and style of song presented on this album . They mix a rare combination of song and lyric found so seldom in music these days ; its hard to understand why music like this never hits mainstream . But I do not think this is Steve 's intent anyway . Tim 's voice weaves through the variety of melodies designed and crafted by Steve Wilson to take the listener on a near perfect journey . The lush arrangements are so tight and beautiful , you wonder where Wilson finds so much inspiration with the all the different types of music he allows us . Thank you Steve and Tim .
 Having listened to A LOT of CDs before and especially those of Jazz and Blue Note , i have to say this CD by George Cables is phenomenal and outstanding , as it stands on its own in originality , superb musicianship , brilliancy and surely pure genius ... ` Funky Grooves , Heart felt rhythms ... very tasteful licks ' , yes it 's all there ... and steadily on the edge , having these out of the ordinary musical phrases . An unusual listen indeed . Entirely instrumental , except for one track which has some amazing humming vocals for back up ... all really showing excellence and a passionate taste for music , as well as a definite zest for life , in all the arrangements in this one of a kind and ` AAA Class ' Album , along with it 's ` AAA participants ' ; artists on top of their ` games ' and renown Worldwide . Strongly Recommended ... is an understatement ; this is a must have for all serious Music Collectors and all lovers of Jazz Music , of course .
 These guys rock ... Amazing performances . Strongly recommend it .
 Flashpoint was released Feb 2 , 1991 . It was recorded on the Steel Wheels -LRB- American -RRB- and Urban Jungle -LRB- European -RRB- tours during 1989-90 . It was their 6th live album -LRB- the most recent had been 10 years earlier - Still Life -RRB- . The tracks on the album were actually recorded as follows : ... 11-25-89 Jacksonville.....11-26-89 Clemson SC.....12-19-89 Atlantic City.....2-26 / 27-90 Toyko.....6-14-90 Barcelona.....7-6-90 Wembley -LRB- also filmed for the IMAX film and their 1st DVD release -RRB- There was a special quad gatefold edition of the album -LRB- which is now out of print -RRB- that included a 2nd disc -LRB- titled Collectibles -RRB- of rare , extended version , or dance mix tracks previously released only on 12 '' vinyl singles or as B sides.Many reviewers consider this either their best live album or the 2nd best -LRB- after the 1970 release Get Your Ya Ya 's Out -RRB- . The album includes the UK single Highwire and the US single Sex Drive , both of which are studio tracks added to the live tracks from the tour . In addition it has the live version of Ruby Tuesday that was released as a CD single in the UK along with Play With Fire , You Ca n't Always Get What You Want , and Undercover Of The Night -LRB- all live versions from the album -RRB- . Flashpoint also includes what many people think is the best version they ever did of Little Red Rooster -LRB- it features Eric Clapton on lead -RRB- . Most people know the music , so in my reviews I try to give you data on the sessions and interesting facts connected with the songs and the album . Here we go : Interesting notes include : ... the 115th show of the combined Steel Wheels and Urban Jungle tours at Wembly Stadium in London was the last live performance with Bill Wyman -LRB- it was filmed on IMAX cameras and is available as the DVD The Rolling Stones Live at the MAX -RRB- ... the Steel Wheels tour set a new American attendance record of 3.4 million , they sold out 10 shows in Tokyo , and the Urban Jungle tour included their 1st shows in East Germany and Czechoslovakia where a ticket was recognized as a one day passport for Hungarians and Poles ... the combined tours grossed $ 200 million ... the first show of the tour -LRB- at JFK Stadium in Philadelphia -RRB- was loud enough they blew a generator -LRB- causing 3 minutes of silence in the middle of Shattered -RRB- ... they dropped the song from the setlist for the remainder of the tour ... this was the first gargantuan stage tour ... Steel Wheels featured blow up bimbos -LRB- named Angie and Ruby -RRB- during Honky Tonk Women and a diversionary lightning effect while Mick rode an elevator 8 stories up to a high stage where he sang Sympathy in a hellishly lighted cloud of smoke -LRB- because there were already so many live versions of these two songs on other albums , neither made it to the CD releases -RRB- ... Urban Jungle featured two rabid canines -LRB- with erections -RRB- to go with the recently released single Terrifying.This information comes from `` It 's Only Rock And Roll
 I had heard some of the Stones ' songs on the radio and my dad had played them around me , but I never really thought them to be that great . I received ` Flashpoint ' as a gift and thought I 'd give it a whirl . It totally turned me on to the Stones and now I 'm a die-hard fanatic . This album is essential to the CD collection of ANY and EVERY music fan . The energy is amazing , notably on ` Rock and a Hard Place . ' This album contains excellent versions of such classics as ` Jumpin ' Jack Flash ' -LRB- my favorite song of all-time -RRB- , ` Satisfaction , ' and ` Paint it black . ' ` Flashpoint ' is undoubtedly the best live compilation the group has ever released , and definitely in the realm of their top five albums .
 This is not an essential live Stones recording like `` Get Yer Ya-Ya 's Out '' or the partly live `` Stripped '' , but it 's certainly a good one . Taped during the 1989-1990 `` Steel Wheels '' tour , it should have featured a couple more songs from that album , but there is no complaining about what is here.Some listeners will perhaps wonder why `` Honky Tonk Women '' is n't here , or some or other personal favorite , but hey ... the Stones ca n't put all of their hits on each and every one of their live albums . They would be no room for newer material at all!Instead we get a great rendition of the then-new `` Sad Sad Sad '' , a driving rocker , as well the acoustic numbers `` Ruby Tuesday '' and `` Paint It Black '' and an epic seven-minute `` You Ca n't Always Get What You Want '' . Keith Richards rasps his way through a terrific `` Ca n't Be Seen '' , and the oldies `` Jumping Jack Flash '' , `` Brown Sugar '' , `` Satisfaction '' and `` Sympathy For The Devil '' are very good as well.I could have done without the disco-flavoured `` Miss You '' and the inane `` Sex Drive '' , but those are just about the only drawbacks here . Jagger 's vocals are better and less sloppy than on some live recordings , the band is tight , and the sound is excellent .
 `` Steel Wheels '' was , almost certainly , one of the hardest rocking Stones ' albums ever . Well , here it is live . Like a series of controlled nuclear explosions , these patron saints of all-things-good-about rock redefine live rock and shame every other concert band in the process.Just assume that every cut from Steel Wheels is better live , which they are , and further assume that `` Rock and a Hard Place '' is now , in its Flash Point itteration , the new standard for what can be accomplished with a guitar ... and consider how this all segues into the most chilling -LRB- and savage -RRB- version `` Paint Black '' ever recored -LRB- legally , at least . -RRB- Long before anyone had ever heard of Reel Big Fish , the Stones were using brass sections as musical weapons , and that brutal application has never been more pronounced than on `` Rock and a Hard Place , '' but is also nicely employed on a ripping `` Sad , Sad , Sad . `` It may be with this album that the Stones perfectly demonstrate that brilliant song writing can be combined with brutal execution with compellingly sophisticated but savagely explosive results.Ignorant arguments about how old the Stones are ignore the fact that the Stone pretty much invented modern rock , and every day the Stones get older , they simply demonstrate that good rock is apparently ageless.Why the first-line rockers like Chuck Berry and Elvis Presley became irrelevent is something of a mystery , but we owe them a debt of gratitude for getting the ball rolling . Rock was a child 's game in those days , and it must have seemed odd to see adults playing it . Rock has matured since then , and there is nothing strange at all about watching Keith Richards smoke through some of the most celebrate music of the last 50 years.Rock is n't a childs game anymore , and on Flashpoint the Stones demonstrate , again , why they are rocks most celebrated vetrans.Long live rock.This album is a fatiguing experience , and a soothing trip to `` Exlile on Main Street '' may be a nice methadone-like come-down withdrawl aide .
 This 1991 live album is my favorite Stones album . It was recorded during their 1989 - 90 world tour , and it featuresgreat live performances of all their hits . It includes two favorites of mine that they barely do in concert '' Ruby Tuesday `` and '' Paint It Black '' . It also features great versions of '' MissYou '' , '' Rock And A Hard Place '' , '' Satisfaction '' , '' Brown Sugar '' , '' Factory Girl '' , '' Sympathy For The Devil '' , and an excellent '' Jumpin ' Jack Flash '' , as well as a version of '' Little Red Rooster '' with Eric Clapton on lead guitar . This a must - have for any die - hard Stones fan like me .
 This is one of the Stones ' best CD 's . It is all live , so it makes the CD more fun to listen to . Paint It Black and Satisfaction are AWESOME !
 This 1991 album is a bit of hodgepodge
 The Rolling Stones were promoting STEEL WHEELS when recording this album . It opens with an introductory excerpt of CONTINENTAL DRIFT from SW . Then there 's START ME UP from 1981 's TATTOO YOU . Then there 's another SW track , SAD SAD SAD . MISS YOU is a `` hot rock '' from 1978 's SOME GIRLS . It also became one of FORTY LICKS . Also from SW is ROCK AND A HARD PLACE . RUBY TUESDAY was a hit from 1965 and is also a `` hot rock '' and another of FORTY LICKS . YOU CA N'T ALWAYS GET WHAT YOU WANT is from 1969 's LET IT BLEED , also a `` hot rock '' and a `` lick '' . FACTORY GIRL is an old country tune that the Stones do n't perform live very often . Frontman Mick Jagger asked bassist Bill Wyman what album it was from . Neither Jagger nor Wyman remembered . Then it hit Jagger . `` It 's from BEGGARS ' BANQUET . '' , Jagger quipps . On another SW track , CA N'T BE SEEN , lead guitarist Keith Richards takes the lead . Willie Dixon 's LITTLE RED ROOSTER is cool . PAINT IT BLACK is another oldie-but-goodie from 1966 -LRB- another `` hot rock '' and `` lick '' -RRB- . SYMPATHY FOR THE DEVIL is pretty cool . From 1971 's STICKY FINGERS is BROWN SUGAR , another `` hot rock '' and `` lick '' , of course . JUMPING JACK FLASH is a `` gas , gas , gas '' , as mentioned in the song . Peter Frampton recorded that one live on his FRAMPTON COMES ALIVE ! album . That was a cover hit for Aretha Franklin . -LRB- I CA N'T GET NO -RRB- SATISFACTION is another `` hot rock '' and `` lick '' . Then there 's two new studio tracks , HIGHWIRE and SEX DRIVE . U2 's RATTLE AND HUM is both a studio and live album also . This album is a sequel to 1982 's LOVE YOU LIVE which was recorded while promoting TATTOO YOU . Also it was originally released on Rolling Stones Records , a division of Sony , originally Atlantic Recording Corporation . All Rolling Stones albums are on Virgin now . Several years ago , Virgin bought ownership rights to the Stones ' albums .
 After getting back on the right track with `` Steel Wheels '' , The Rolling Stones embarked on their first concert tour in 7 years , and what a tour . The band was playing better than they had in a long time , and just about every show was a completely sold out . The result of that tour was an Imax film and this live album . `` Flashpoint '' is very fun and energetic . It start off with the brief `` Continental Drift '' before leaping out of the starting gate with `` Start Me Up '' . The album loses its balance a bit with the clunker `` Sad Sad Sad '' , but it comes roaring back to life with a high - octane `` Miss You '' . `` Rock And A Hard Place '' is in your face and `` Ruby Tuesday '' is revived here , with pure beauty conveyed in the instruments and vocals . `` You Ca n't Always Get What You Want '' comes off flawlessly , especially at the end with Kieth 's signature speed guitar . `` Factory Girl '' was a real surprise , especially for hardcore fans . A great track from `` Beggars ' Banquet '' that was never heard in concert before . `` Little Red Rooster '' features a great Eric Clapton solo . What comes next is a glorious selection of hits that starts off with a stupendous `` Paint It Black '' . `` Sympathy For The Devil '' edits out a whole verse , but stays afloat thanks to Kieth . The version of `` Brown Sugar '' is probably the best live version of the song ever . `` Jumpin ' Jack Flash '' comes next , and again , it 's probably the best live version ever . The same can be said for `` Satisfaction '' , which , as usual , sounds great.Two studio recordings round out the album . `` High Energy '' deals with war and ommunism , while `` Sex Drive '' is a libidinous and ultimately ludicrous dance number that soudnds vaguely like `` Emotional Rescue 's '' `` Dance , Part One '' . Overall , `` Flashpoint '' is a brilliant album . It is very enjoyable .
 this is the sound of the `` corporate stones '' ... not the savage young stones bangin it out live , but nonetheless this is a great addition to anyone 's RS collection.the sound is perfect ... mick is in good form ... some different song selections ... including a surprising factory girl ... great for your next party .
 this is one of the best live albums I 've heard in a long time . The sound quality is good , and the renditions of classics such as `` Paint it Black '' and `` Jumpin ' Jack Flash '' are awsome . This album is a must have for any fan of the Stones or classic rock in general
 The Stones really come alive in this CD . It shows off their usual flare and puts a cool new twist on a lot of their old songs . It is a good CD to play really loud !
 If you follow my writing , you know that King Diamond is one of my favorites . I also really like Bon Jovi and Exodus . I also have respect for Blondie and Britney Spears . Mr. Jagger was amongst the music my parents listened to before I was around . I can only say that they listened to some really great stuff . Granted , this record is a collection of Mr. Jagger 's greatest hits , but we can guess from this record that the `` Rolling Stones '' are a GREAT icon of the 60s . ` Start Me Up ' is a nice swinging song that starts the record . ` Sad ... ' keeps the energetic flow of the record going . ` Miss You ' is not my favorite , but it is alright . ` Rock and a Hard Place ' has an unforgettable sound to it . ` Ruby Tuesday ' has a nice gentle sound to it , and is one of my favorites on the record . ` Ca n't Always Get What You Want ' is a memorable song -LRB- as well as a painful reality . -RRB- . ` Factory Girl ' has a great energetic tone to it . ` Ca n't Be Seen ' is not my favorite , but it 's alright . ` Red Rooster ' is different , but alright . ` Paint It Black ' is a real high point . -LRB- On a side note , it was used at the end of Al Pacino 's movie `` Devil 's Advocate . '' -RRB- ` Sympathy For the Devil ' is of course a rocking classic . ` Brown Sugar ' has a great sound to it . ` Jumpin Jack Flash ' is of course another energetic high point . ` Ca n't Get No Satisfaction ' was n't my favorite , but it is of course a classic . The record finishes well with ` High Wire ' and ` Drive . ' While this music was really before my time , I have to admit it is a great record , and that my parents listened to some really great music .
 The Album was great . The sound is good for a live album , it was mixed well . Had a lot of their big hits like Paint It , Black , Satisfaction , ect good CD must have !!!!
 This 1991 live album was recorded during the Rolling Stones ' '' Steel Wheels '' / '' Urban Jungle '' tour . The album featuresgreat little - known tracks from their early years , like '' Factory Girl '' from 1968 's '' Beggars ' Banquet '' and theblues classic hit '' Little Red Rooster '' , which is featured inan excellent on this album featuring Eric Clapton on lead guitar.The album features a welther of hits
 i own three rolling stones albums now , but there 's nothing like listening to them live on cd . there are two new studio tracks on the cd . at first , i thought they had covered `` sex drive '' by twisted sister and w.a.s.p. , but a closer listen brung up different lyrics .
 I saw the film 5 times . I listen to the discs every day in the car . Each song blows me away . If you 're a Stones fan , you must own this !
 Flashpoint was a live album by the Stones during their Steel Wheels tour for album with same name.This single remastered cd features some of the best songs from that album like Sad Sad Sad , Miss you along with their older classics like Ruby tuesday , Satisfaction , Brown Sugar and Jumpin jack Flash.The sound on this album is simply terrific and is very highly recommended .
 I like the ` middle period ' of Rolling Stones music , which includes , for me , Aftermath , Beggar 's Banquet , Let It Bleed , Sticky Fingers , Exile On Main Street , Get Yer Ya Yas Out , and , finally Under Cover . Sticky Fingers is to me one of the top 5 albums EVER , and on it I reckon ` Ca n't You Hear Me Knocking ' is one of the best 5 rock tracks EVER . I have owned Flashpoint for about 6 years but although I collected it , I never listened seriously to it - because I have always been of the opinion that Under Cover hailed the end of the good stuff.Last weekend I was proven wrong . I took out this disc in an attempt to rid myself of it ; my CD collection is in need of thining out & getting rid of what I do n't listen to often enough to warrant keeping . Well , I was blown away ! This is possibly the best live recording I have ever heard of my favourite rock & roll band of all time !!! Mick Jagger 's voice is just so in the zone and the way they re-interpret their own songs is simply brilliant - especially Little Red Rooster which also happens to feature none other than Eric Clapton . The perfectly executed music has a maturity about it that makes it surpass other live performances like Love You Live . The band 's superlative playing is beautifully mixed , creating a sonic gem.Sadly , in the 90s The Stones seemed to always inflict at least one Keith Richard vocal on us , and on this album they have done the same -LRB- ` Ca n't Be Seen ' -RRB- . While the music on Ca n't Be Seen is -LRB- again -RRB- immaculately executed , Richards ' vocal just does n't work for me . Richards is a kickass songwriter & guitarist but , in my opinion , not a good singer . Many a good Stones album misses utter excellence because at least one track has to be wrecked by Keith Richards ' singing . Oh dear . And so yet another potentially 5 star album has to be pushed down one notch to 4 stars .
 How can I say enough about this record . The live version of `` Start Me Up '' is to kill for . `` Sad , Sad , Sad , '' is just so cool . `` Miss You , '' not one of my favorite Stones songs , is done so well here that I 've changed my opinion about it . Then there is `` Ruby Tuesday , '' `` Factory Girl '' and `` Paint it Black , '' songs that the Greatest Group on Earth managed to make even better then they were on those earlier studio albums . Hard to believe it could be done , but this is the Greatest Group on Earth , after all . The two studio tracks , `` Highwire , '' the band 's view of the Gulf War -LRB- the first one -RRB- and `` Sex Drive '' are simply stunning . How does this band do it , keep churning out masterpiece after masterpiece . It boggles the imagination .
 Many people prefer the Stones as just the 5 playing live , but I also like when they brought on this large troupe along for the shows , more backup singes , brass section and 2 keyboards . The Stones are much more controlled and played very well and together . What you dont get is the raw energy of a rock concert as you would find on their 1981 `` Still Life '' album , but I find this album most enjoyable . My only gripe is they left off `` Gim me Shelter '' which they did an incredible job at and threw in 2 lousy studio redcordings to get a hit single out of for bigger sales . `` High Wire '' is a good song , the 2nd studio song `` Sex Drive '' is a joke and should have stayed in the vaults , complete waste to add that trash song to this magnificient live Stones album.You can get the accompanying DVD `` Live at the Max '' and se it for yourself .
 I will repeat here what I have mentioned in other reviews of the early work of The Rolling Stones ... `` Hey , in 2009 no one , including this reviewer , NEEDS to comment on the fact that The Rolling Stones , pound for pound , have over forty plus years earned their place as the number one band in the rock ` n ' roll pantheon . `` Previously in this space I have reviewed various Stones compilations that featured one or more combination of their `` greatest hits '' . In this world tour CD we get those well-known and deservedly-covered hits and a few new pieces composed for the tour but mainly we get The Stones live , which is always a treat when one see the group in person or , as here , through a recording made up of tracks , presumably the best ones , from various stops on this 1989 tour . Stands out here are the Willie Dixon classic made famous by Howlin ' Wolf , `` Little Red Rooster '' , their `` Factory Girl '' and `` Sympathy For The Devil '' and a couple of new -LRB- at least to me -RRB- tunes , `` Highwire '' and `` Sex Drive '' .
 `` Flashpoint '' is a live album that was taken from the band 's massive `` Steel Wheels '' tour at the end of the 80 's . The tour was the Stones return to the concert stage after a several year hiatus . The Stones have put out many live albums over the years , and I think this one is a decent effort . There is a lot of repetition from other live albums , but some rarities like `` Factory Girl '' , can be found here too . The band is in fine form through the whole thing with plenty of patented Richards / Wood riffing . Jagger sounds ... well ... like Jagger all the way through , and I believe this was the last tour that Bill Wyman played before leaving the band . All in all this may not be the best Stones live album , but I enjoy it the occasional times I pull it out .
 This is a refreshing live performance of some of the Rolling Stones best songs in years . It is a pleasure to listen to .
 The sound quality for this recording from a big stadium show is far superior to what many bands put out . The work of Keith and Ronnie on Miss You with Bobby Key 's sax really make that song wail . The extra detail on Ruby Tuesday with the pianos and flute make that song cigarette lighter worthy at a live show . If it was n't for the throwaways from Steel Wheels -LRB- HEY I do n't really like that album -RRB- this would be 5 stars.But people-and I mean this , the studio track Sex Drive is one of the -LRB- if not THE -RRB- funkiest song the Stones have done . How it gets NO praise is beyond me . Keith and Ronnie are funky and tight with the riffs and Charlie Watts blows away so many drummers on this track . You can definitely put this one down as a hidden gem . You can shake your head side to side with that song.Overall the best track is Sympathy for the Devil b/c of Keith .
 Flashpoint features a lot of the Stones better & most popular songs , therefore making it one of their best live albums . They sound pretty sharp and energetic . As a bonus they 've thrown in 2 brand new studio songs , `` Highwire '' & `` Sex Drive '' . Notable songs
 Any live Stones is good Stones . Some songs do lack a little enthusiasm , but they 're still great . This is my favorite Live Stones CD .
 At last , The Rolling Stones return to the everlasting glory of `` Get Yer Ya-Ya 's Out '' . `` Love You Live '' was a great album , but the band played to sloppy and Mick 's voice was almost inaudible . `` Still Life '' was also pretty good , but you could n't compare to it the earlier releases . But with `` Flashpoint '' , The Stones return to the glory days of `` Ya-Ya 's '' . On their energetic performances of songs like `` Start Me Up '' , `` Sad , Sad , Sad '' and `` Rock And A Hard Place '' , the band rocks harder than they had in a long time , and their playing sounds very neat and skillful . On `` Ruby Tueday '' and `` Factory Girl '' , the band lets their acoustic side show , and they perform both songs in a gentle and delicate matter that is quiet yet powerful . `` Paint It Black '' is revived here , and it is performed in a dark and delicate matter carried by Mick 's scolding lead vocal . On `` Miss You '' and `` Jumpin ' Jack Flash '' , the band is vibrant and energetic . The band also delivers hardrockin ' performances of `` Brown Sugar '' and `` Satisfaction '' , both of which are featured in the best recorded versions of either song . The band dips back into their early days with a scorching performance `` Little Red Rooster '' that is punctuated by Eric Clapton 's fiery lead guitar . The band also does a blazing `` You Ca n't Always Get What You Want '' . `` Flashpoint '' is a musical timebomb waiting to explode . This is solid Stones live .
 Out of the three live Rolling Stones albums that I own , this is the best , even better than Get Yer Ya Yas Out , and much better than Love You Live . Those are good ones also but this has it all , great song selection , 17 total songs and the band never sounded better . Sure it was the late 80s and they were n't putting out much new quality stuff but this is a must own and just as essential to any stones collection as Let It Bleed or Beggar 's Banquet .
 It does n't get any better than this -- the Rolling Stones in all their live glory ! I definitely think the Stones sound better live , and this album is one of the best examples of that . Simply put , it 's one of the best live compilations around.There are quite a few hits on this one . From the very beginning , with the intro and ` Start Me Up ' , you are in Rock and Roll heaven . And it does n't let up until the very end -- seventeen Rock and Roll masterpieces played by a band that has proved that , after over 35 years , they can still rock.For me , the high point of this album comes during tracks 11-15 , from the moment you hear the chilling guitar riff of ` Paint it Black ' until the final moments of -LRB- I ca n't Get no -RRB- Satisfaction , with ` Sympathy for the Devil ' , ` Brown Sugar ' , and ` Jumpin ' Jack Flash ' in between . This is a classic lineup , and the Stones do it well.If you want to truly experience the Rolling Stones , pick up a live album of theirs . This one is an excellent place to start -- you will not be disappointed . So , pick up this album , and play it till it wears completely through !
 Flashpoint is a live album from the Steel Wheels tour . At the time they had almost thirty years of material behind them , but they still could pull out a couple of chestnuts to play along side their anthems like `` Jumping Jack Flash '' , `` Satisfaction '' , `` Brown Sugar '' & `` Start Me Up '' . `` Little Red Rooster '' is an old blues number that Eric Clapton shows up to play guitar on . `` Factory Girl '' is from Beggars Banquet and is a real gem and although it does n't appear on the album , they played the psychedelic `` 2000 Light Years From Home '' . They run through new songs like `` Sad Sad Sad '' and `` Rock and A Hard Place '' without much feeling , appearing to play them merely to promote the Steel Wheels album . `` Sympathy For The Devil '' and `` Miss You '' are play with real fervor though . Unlike any other Stones live album before , this contains two new studio tracks , `` Highwire '' and `` Sex Drive '' . The former is an excellent song while the latter is n't bad , but not really noteworthy .
 I do n't know to what extent it was caused by sheer nostalgia , but I loved this album right from the start . I saw the Stones only once , in the early seventies and I ca n't say this album reminded me much of that concert
 Flashpoint , while not the best live album -LRB- especially when compared to the sublime Get Yer Ya-Ya 's Out ! -RRB- , still proves that the Stones are nowhere close to a nostalgia act . Their sound on this album is fresh an invigorating . It 's a joy to hear such old tracks as `` Paint It , Black '' and `` Ruby Tuesday '' and `` Factory Girl . '' But where are `` 2000 Light Years From Home '' and `` Play with Fire '' ? Oh , well . If ya already have Ya-Ya 's , this is next !
 As a diehard Stones fan who has every album , I was thoroughly pleased in the listening . This album has awesome takes of `` Miss You '' , `` Little Red Rooster '' with Clapton whailing on guitar , `` Factory Girl '' , and `` Paint it Black '' . The sound quality is good . One thing that turned me off were the performances of the `` classics '' . The Stones were made famous for `` Brown Sugar '' , `` Jumping Jack Flash '' , and `` Satisfaction '' . Why do them again ? Overall an excellent record .
 This CD is a masterpiece . That 's the Stones Live in 1989-90 . The main classics are present here
 This Virgin Benelus 1998 edition -LRB- UPC 724384567026 , ASIN B0000084AQ -RRB- is a remastered version relative to the Sony/Promot 19971 edition -LRB- UPC 07464474562 , ASIN B000008K6P -RRB- . The quality of the sound is about 10-20 % better in the 1998 edition versus teh 1991 edition . As a live Rolling Stones CD , this is my favorite live recording .
 `` Flashpoint '' is a live performance from back in 1991 , with The Stones performing all their classic hits with strong energy and a strong rock sound . Although they were past their prime at the time of this release , they still had the ability to give some excellent live performances . `` Start Me Up '' is the standard opener at any Stones concert , and this is a good cut of the track , with its catchy guitar riff . Mick Jagger is in good voice throughout this album . `` Sad Sad Sad '' features some excellent vocals over the chorus , excellent horns and some nice guitar work from Richards . `` Miss You '' is a solid performance to follow , with a well played melody . `` Rock And Roll Hard Place '' features more horns , and a bit more of a rock flavour to the concert . `` Ruby Tuesday '' is a great Stones track , and they give a pretty good performance of it here . `` You Ca n't Always Get What You Want '' is one of my favourite performances here , specifically for the excellent crowd involvment the band generates . `` Factory Girl '' is one of the best songs off their Beggars Banquet album , and although the live cut is n't as strong as the original recording , it 's still solid . `` Little Red Rooster '' is the first taste of blues on this album , with beautiful piano lines , and some melodical , slow grooving guitar playing . `` Paint It Black '' is one of the Stones ' best , and Richards really shines in this live recording of the song . Their live version of `` Sympathy For The Devil '' is actually shorter than the original recording , and lacks the rock drive of the original , but nevertheless is a great song . `` Brown Sugar '' is fantastic Sticky Fingers material , and they execute the song cleanly . '' -LRB- I Ca n't Get No -RRB- Satisfaction '' is definitely the most popular song the Stones have in their massive repetoire , with an all too familiar guitar riff and catchy lyrics . `` Sex Drive '' closes out this album , and is actually one of my least favourite recordings.Overall , I would recommend `` Flashpoint '' to all fans of The Rolling Stones , as it captures them at a point in their career where they still had great stage presence and could give energetic , hard rocking concerts . They are performing all their biggest hits here , and they succeed musically , with Jagger leading the way with his convincing vocals . Recommended .
 If I never hear Brown Sugar , Jumpin ' Jack Flash and Satisfaction again I could die happy . Other than these three which I just happen to be sick to death of this CD really rocks !
 LET ME START BY SAYING THAT THE ROLLING STONES , TO ME ARE THE GREATEST ROCK 'N' ROLL BAND IN THE WORLD ! WHO CARES WHAT MY FRIENDS THINK ABOUT IT.I SAW THE ROLLING STONES `` LIVE AT THE MAZ '' FILM AND IT WAS GREAT . I DID NOT GET THE REAL GOOD PICTURE BECAUSE I DID N'T SEE IT IN THE IMAX THEATRE , I SAW IT ON VIDEO.WHEN I SAW `` FLSHPOINT '' IN THE STORE AND I READ THAT IT WAS FROM THE89-90 STEEL WHEELS TOUR I HAD TO HAVE IT.I LOVE IT!IT WAS MY 3RD LIVE STONES ALBUM -LRB- MY FISRT WAS `` GET YER YA'YA 'S OUT ! '' AND THE OTHER WAS `` Got LIVE If You Want It ! `` TRACKS : Intro - CONTENTAL DRIFTI Do n't understand what it is . I knwo it 's the intro that played before the band came out but what is it?IT DOES GIVE OFF SOME ENGERGY SO I GIVE IT A 3.0 START ME UP!THE BEST LIVE VERSSION10 .00 Sad . Sad . SADI LIKE IT8 .4 MISS YOULOVE THE SONG ... LIVE OR STUDIO VERSSION .10.00 ROCK & A HARD PLACEOKAY8 .0 RUBY TUESDAYNOT AS GOOD LIVE7 .5 YOU CA N'T ALWAYS GET WHAT YOU WANTGREAT ! 10.00 FACTORY GIRLCOOL9 .5 CA N'T BE SEENI LIKE `` HAPPY '' FROM THE IMAX FILM BEST .6.00 LITTLE RED ROOSTERBETTER STUDIO VERSSION . I LIKE THAT ERIC CLAPTON IS ON IT THOUGH9 .00 PAINT IT , BLACKGREAT RIFF BY KEITH , NOT SO GOOD VOCALS BY MICK .8.00 SYMPATHY FOR THE DEVILWHAT MORE CAN I SAY10 .00 BROWN SUGARMORE UP TEMPO THAN THE ORIGINAL9 .5 JUMPIN ' JACK FLASHLACKS THE QUALITY OF THE ORIGINAL8 .5 SATISFACTIONI COULD GET LOTS OF SATISFACTION WITH THIS TRACK10 .00 I DO N'T LISTEN TO THOSE LAST TWO STUDIO TRACKS.THE TOUR INFORMATION-Band Lineup-MICK JAGGER - Lead vocals , harp . and guitarKEITH RICHARDS - Vocals , guitarRON WOOD - GuitarBILL WYMAN - Bass -LRB- HIS LAST TOUR -RRB- Charlie Watts - DrumsTHE STAGE WAS THE LARGEST TO DATE.OTHER THINGS TO CHECK OUTTHE IMAX FILMTHIS ALBUMAND EVERYTHING STONES !!!
 T . This is almost perfect , except for `` Brown Sugar '' and `` Jumpin Jack Flash '' which could have been omitted . The Stones are here again themselves . I like mostly `` Factory Girl '' and `` Paint it Black '' . By !
 I 've passed this over for years and let it collect dust . Just recently I dug this back out and find myself listening to this over and over . A lot of gems here . I especially like the cover of James Brown 's Sex Drive . All in all , a very strong live Stones release !
 Back in 1989 , THIS was the Rolling Stones tour to see because they had not performed live in the U.S. since 1981 . Supporting their new `` Steel Wheels '' studio album , they did a spectacular show at Shea Stadium in New York.FLASHPOINT captures the heart of the show from the opening `` Start Me Up '' to the finish of `` Satisfaction '' . The backup female vocals give it that soulful touch . The only flaw , in my opinion , was the omission of `` Undercover of the Night '' and `` Harlem Shuffle '' ; two songs released after 1981 which the Stones finally had the opportunity to perform live.By the way , the two new -LRB- at the time -RRB- studio tracks on this CD , `` High Wire '' and `` Sexdrive '' are excellent !
 A great collection of live material culled from the albums `` Steel Wheels '' on back , although one naturally has to bemoan the fact that this is only one disc , and how great it would have been to have a 2-disc set to include every live track possible from their late 80s/early 90s tour . Also extremely disappointing to me was the fact that ` Continental Drift ' , one of the Stones 's alltime greatest , is only here as an Extremely shortened intro piece rather than the full song ; ` Continental Drift ' is , in my opinion , far and away the most underrated song in the Rolling Stones 's catalogue.Apart from that , the whole album is great , although certain tracks admittedly do tower over others , including ' -LRB- I Ca n't Get No -RRB- Satisfaction ' and ` Paint It Black ' , both of which are arguably even better than the original versions . On ` Paint It Black ' Mick Jagger 's vocals boom out over the music like thunder , one of the most impressive vocal performances I 've ever heard him do . Speaking of vocals , it 's good that there 's a Keith Richards-led song -LRB- `` Ca n't Be Seen '' -RRB- on here ; his vocal contributions to the Stones 's material have never been fully appreciated . The disc also includes two original studio tracks , `` High Wire '' and `` Sex Drive '' , both of which are among the best of the band 's recent studio recordings . -LRB- Actually , I guess 1991 does n't really count as ` recent ' but it somehow feels that way with a band that 's been with us through so much of rock 'n' roll history -RRB- . All in all , six or seven tracks that are absolutely oustanding and another nine or ten that are of lesser , but still very high , quality . Outstanding production from start to finish , with the music coming off as more hard rock than usual , this is definately recommended . 8.5 / 10
 Keith 's gritty voice really does it for me . I love seeing and hearing the Stones Live . This was one of their better tours in my mind , but then they just kept on getting even Bigger & Better . After I got my California Real Estate License in 1994 I started taking my clients to Live concerts in Limos . What better way to thank them for Buying a house from me , than to be able to Party all the way over the Bay Bridge and back going to to hear the Rolling Stones !!
 This is great for any casual fan of the Rolling Stones who wants to hear some of the big hits and a few album tracks from Steel Wheels . It is interesting to note that Eric Clapton played on `` Little Red Rooster '' and is acknowledged by the band during the playing of the song . This is one of the two times he performed with the band during that tour . Also the studio tracks seem somewhat out of place and would have fit on the `` Voodoo Lounge '' album , but they give the die hard fan a reason to purchase the album .
 Great from beginning to end . Wore the tape out and just recently got the CD . Also recently got the `` No Security '' one and like it a lot , but this one edges it out for me . Fav . track
 This is The Rolling Stones ' best CD . It has all of their greatest songs here !
 This is a great cd for a great stones fan.If you are looking for a live stones album you can stop looking because this is the one to get.The stones start of great with START ME UP and then skip to MISS YOU and then get ready for YOU CANT ALWAYS GET WHAT YOU WANT and then Keefs solo song CANT BE SEEN JJFLASH and SATISFACTION get this cd !
 How did Richard R. Carlton miss this detail ? I was just listening to this with my headphones on and discovered the production team decided to have a little fun with the listeners . Pull out your copy of Get Your Ya Ya 's Out ! Listen to the audience just prior to Sympathy for the Devil and you will hear this goofy chick imploring Jagger with `` Paint it Black ... Paint it Black ... Paint it Black you devil ! '' She really sounds pretty stupid . Now , put on Flashpoint and listen very carefully to the crowd noise after Ruby Tuesday . At the 3:19 mark , just before Jagger says `` Listen to THAT '' . The casual listener believes he 's telling his band mates to listen to the great crowd response to the tune just played . But , to the careful and knowledgeable listener , he 's really directing your attention to the fact that they 've mixed in the voice of that same goofy girl in the crowd noise . That 's pretty hilarious is n't it ? `` Paint it black ... paint it black ... paint it black you devil ! '' I love funny little details like this . I wonder if they 've put that on ALL the live releases ? Now I 'm going to have to buy them all dang it!Ok , so on with the review
 I 've left this sit on the shelf for years.What a mistake , but better now then never.A must for your Stone catalogue .
 Great jazz ! The music takes me all over the place . The trumpeting is phenomenal . I can listen to this over and over again .
 The good news is this is some really nice 60 's English Rock & Blues . The bad news is , this was mastered at a very low volume and when you turn it up to a much higher volume to compensate for this , while the stuff sounds great , it makes the bass , while not booming , rattle your walls . So there is a trade-off . I 'd give this 31/2 stars out of 5 because of the audio mastering & 4 out of 5 if the mastering was good . The performances themselves are excellent . THe opener , How Many More Times , is almost the same as Led Zeppelin 's & I 'm guessing the T Bones recorded this first , and really good .
 Purchased this cd on the strength of Feel Alright a -LRB- Jagger/Richards cover -RRB- , that someone played for me.Now I have pleasantly found many better songs to listen too.It moves between blues and rock pretty easy.If you want a good party cd buy this , cd makes a good companion to The Yardbirds.But I do agree with previous reviewer mastering is only average , a real shame .4 stars for album .3 for mastering .
 Great selection of songs , Mate . Disapointed that `` Tie Me Kangaroo Down , Sport '' was only instrumental . Other wise very happy .
 After returning from a trip to Australia this past Christmas , my wife and I looked for something to remind us of the great time we had had . This collection of Australian bush songs is perfect . We pay them in the house and in our car . If you like fun music and love Australia , this CD is for you .
 I really enjoyed this CD and the music was used by my Australian counter parts for their Anzacs Day celebrations in Kuwait and Iraq .
 Really good ! All the classic Aussie songs , including Waltzing Matilda , Botany Bay and Tie Me Kangroo Down ... you do n't want to miss this one .
 It was a great cd . We used it at an Australian Theme Day and everyone enjoyed the music . The cd arrived in excellent condition and the shipping was very fast .
 For fans of the music , this is hard to beat . Gabriel is completely in control , totally at the best of his best ... I do n't like the song , Biko , but I have to admit it 's a powerful song , and all the more so live .
 I 've heard stories about , all the overdubs that were done on the original tapes of this show . but I have other radio B'casts that sound similliar Do we really care that much what was done ? . I have loved this CD since it was released . I Have The Touch , D.I.Y. , No Self Control & On The Air are some of the Standout Tracks for me . I would Highly Recommend this CD to fans od Peter 's earlier solo material .
 Peter Gabriel is a musical genius . Why not hear it live to really be convinced . Well worth placing in your music collection !
 By the time this double-live album was released in 1983 , the bins in record shops were flooded with `` live '' sets ; mostly issued due to a band 's lack of new product or a means for the record company to cash in on a popular act without spending too much in production costs.But Peter Gabriel paved an artistic trail in making his journey into the live `` venue '' an incredible one . The 16 tracks show the lyrical power and solid musicianship that made each show a personal event for every fan . A Gabriel concert was - and remains - a very special time for everyone involved , from the stage to the seats in the venue.This is a fabulous means to hear Gabriel 's classic material and one of the best live collections to emerge out of the `` Golden Era of Rock . ''
 I 've had the vinyl version for over 20 years . I 'm glad I re-discovered Peter Gabriel .
 This is a grate concert from Peter Gabriel . In my opinion his best live record so far . I recommended it to anyone who if familiar with and like Peter Gabriel early recordings .
 The sound of this double live cd is amazing , of course , it has been enhanced in studio but the `` live '' feeling of beeing there is preserved.Many songs are far better in their live version on this cd when compared to the studio ones . To name a few , `` The Family Snapshot '' , `` D.I.Y '' , `` The Family and the fishing net '' , `` San Jacinto '' , `` Solsbury Hill '' and `` Hundrum `` The voice is incredible and the sound just shake everything in the house.Great live performance to remember this magic concert for the Security Tour .
 This album is the pinnacle of live albums in the prog rock genre.This work is the work that all live - recording since , compare themselves to.Gabriel along with old school peers like Bowie were and still are masters of the Live-performance . And the new breed of masters , like Tool , learned it all here .
 Well , at least you know up front that this remastered live CD is only a `` Highlights '' version . Documenting Peter Gabriel 's U.S. tour for his 1982 `` Security '' album , this live set is excellent proof about what a dynamic live performer Gabriel is , and how tight his live band is as well , including guitarist David Rhoades , bassist Tony Levin , and drummer Jerry Marotta . The performances are passionate , putting fresh coats of paint on such Gabriel tunes as `` I Do n't Remember '' & `` Shock The Monkey . '' If you 're a diehard Gabrielphile , then this live set is a must-own . However , keep in mind that this is only a `` Highlights '' single-disc version . Originally a 16-track double-disc live set , this newly remastered version removes four tracks
 Which this one definitely is . From the slam-bang percussion of `` Intruder '' given even more thunder by a huge concert venue to a slower tempo version of `` No Self Control '' than its manic studio version to `` I Go Swimming '' , a rarity that has never appeared in studio form on an album . And as for the songs that retain their original arrangements , there 's a bit of ad-lib that reminds you that they 're being performed people only a few yards away . After all , it worked decades ago for the Doors , when the studio menace of the late Jim Morrison gave way to wisecracks to the audience and the stage crew when they played live .
 This album perfectly captures the best of Peter Gabriel . Well , in the way that it reminds you of a certain time in your life . All of Peter 's work up to `` So '' is my favorite . He is still a talent , but the world-beat stuff is not for the older -LRB- trying to be young listening to kid 's music -RRB- me . Anyway ... there are great versions of great songs here . I encourage older fans to use this album to introduce youngsters to Peter Gabriel .
 `` Plays Live '' was my first experience with Peter Gabriel back in 1983 . And I loved it . Since then I have bought all his records -LRB- I beleive ... -RRB- but have never forgotten the unique musical experience `` Plays Live '' gave me . I have n't listened to it since mid 80 's when my tape wore out . Today - in Sept. 2008 , I finally got hold of a Plays Live CD . It 's amazing ! Even better than I remembered . Listen to the version of San Jacinto ! I own app . 500 cd 's - and this album -LRB- 2CD version -RRB- is probably the one I rank highest .
 I hate to sound like a crazy teenage fan -LRB- I 'm not -RRB- , but this is an absolutely magical album . I really , really , really reccommend it . It 's just fantastic .
 Recorded at his 1982 world tour , this is a terrific summation of Gabriel 's early 80 's material . Many of the tracks here are better than the studio albums that they originally appeared on . Standouts include The Rhythm of the Heat , Family Snapshot -LRB- a chilling song about a presidential assassin -RRB- and Shock the Monkey .
 This remastered disc is a must for Gabriel fans . In my book , it should have a 10 star rating . Happy listening .
 This live CD by Peter Gabrial is quite amazing . It is a collection of his very best performances from this tour . The songs are all highly spiritual yet sometimes dark in tone . That is the genius of this collection . If you want to be inspired in a new way I highly recommend this CD . It is uplifting and disturbing at at the same time .
 If you did not like the early Peter Gabriel studio recordings the first time you heard them , give Plays Live a listen . Peter Gabriel is a master of the live show and breathes new life into somewhat slow and dreary studio recordings such as No Self Control and The Intruder . While I own all of his early recordings , I find myself going back to Plays Live over and over . Gabriel grabs the listener with his sheer vocal strength and emotion on tracks like San Jacinto . It is rare to find an artist that sounds better live than on studio tracks and Peter Gabriel is one of those artists . Do yourself a favor and buy this CD !
 Peter Gabriel / Plays Live -LRB- 2 CD complete live album -RRB-
 Peter Gabriel has always been a strong live performer , making his mark with Genesis in the early 70 's . But part of Mr. Gabriel 's strength are the visuals he brings to the stage . Obviously they do n't translate to a live album , but the strong music on Peter Gabriel Play Live makes up for the incomplete experience . The songs are the strongest tracks from his four studio albums up to that point with standout tracks including `` San Jacinto '' , `` D.I.Y. '' , `` Shock The Monkey '' and `` Games Without Frontiers '' .
 Peter Gabriel & his crew perform good to great versions of sixteen of his songs in front of an oddly receptive Midwest US audience -LRB- many of whom were possibly there to hear `` Shock the Monkey '' then go home -RRB- . Some of the songs benefit from live treatment - `` Rhythm of the Heat '' is especially powerful , as is `` Biko '' . `` I Go Swimming '' -LRB- a rather rare song in the Peter Gabriel canon -RRB- gets a good treatment , and both `` DIY '' and `` San Jacinto '' sound great . Other songs do n't change much from their LP counterparts , which is n't necessarily a bad thing , but then again , it does render them rather redundant . I 'm not entirely sure exactly what `` cheating '' was done to spruce up these recordings -LRB- if I had to guess , it was to clean up some pre-recorded rhythms -RRB- , but the end result still sounds `` live '' . All in all , an enjoyable listening experience if you 've got the time .
 To me , the song San Jacinto alone makes this one of the great live albums of all time . Being a long time Gabriel fan does skew my perspective somewhat and I was there live at his concert stop from that tour in Kansas City , but sometime , if you dare , turn off all of your lights and just listen to this song and see if you get chills like I do everytime I hear this song again .
 This fantastic concert plays the best of Peter Gabriel . The Best performance , the best sound quality and the top of `` Gabrielism '' . To the new fan , the best way to know Mr. Gabriel.Enjoy it .
 A question for all . What is better than Genesis ? Answer , Genesis Live . Therefore , what is better than Peter ? Answer , of course , Peter Live . There is always magic in the Air ! This album is a must buy ! I bought the album , then the cassette , then the CD.Once you see Peter put all the passion in to his performance , you really appreciate this album . It is truly magnificent . Rhythm of the Repeat , has him and his band walking through the audience . San Jacinto , Shock the Monkey , and On The Air come to mind as being just awesome . The performance can only end with one song , the one for Steven Biko , a song which will last for ever.This CD was the first one that I ever bought . I deliberately picked it , and had to drive to the U.S.A. to get it , and boy , is it ever worth it.If you like music , then just give it a listen .
 Recorded during the tour of one of his best albums -LRB- Security -RRB- , `` Peter Gabriel Plays Live '' is a great double-album with an excellent production , clean sound and versatility to version his own compositions . Though some of them loose part of their original quality , it is a worthy album that shows why Peter Gabriel is an excellent musician and performer who can transmite his energy , even on stage .
 If you dont like synths your probably not going to like Plays Live or Peter Gabriel -LRB- they are a major trademark of his sound and its sound -RRB- but unlike many keyboardists who play alot of keyboards and work with other keyboardists Gabriel plays impressivly and without making his music syrupy and sappy but rather good rock . This album features some very good synth heavy songs all performed well not just by Gabriel on synthezizer and piano but by his backing band as well -LRB- on mainly nonsynths -RRB- . Theres no ommisions here . All the best songs from Gabriels solo works up to this point are here and even better in mainly elongated versions plus an additional single I Go Swimming all written by Gabriel -LRB- beat that Phil Collins ! -RRB- . This is probably Gabriels best live album .
 He slowed `` No Self Control '' down ` way too much . I mean , the whole idea of that song is its frantic pace , which fits in with the lyrics . Oh well , he did give us a whole new song -LRB- `` I Go Swimming '' -RRB- which appears on none of his studio albums .
 Yes , I am a die-hard Peter Gabriel fan , and yes , I own all his albums -LRB- just like many of the fans who have posted their comments here -RRB- . But I also have over 900 CDs in my collection , and more than a few of those are live albums , and I find this one double album happens to combine things not too common in a live production : - The track listing is flawless . It 's more than fair to say that -LRB- if you happen to be a newcomer into Peter 's work -RRB- you have got covered the first solo musical period of Peter Gabriel with it -LRB- 1977 - 1982 -RRB- except for the unfortunate absence of ` Here comes the flood ' -LRB- not that I suggest at all , that you do n't buy the rest of his albums - in fact , you 'll be almost possessed once you listen to ` Plays Live ' and find yourself going to get them all , in a way that 's very hard to explain in words -RRB- . If you want to listen to the best versions of the songs `` Solsbury Hill , '' `` Humdrum , '' `` Family Snapshot '' and `` San Jacinto '' this is the place to find them.-The band ... The band are a bunch of guys each of whom is awesome at his instrument ! Tony Levin , at the bass -LRB- one of the world 's best renowned bass and stick players , who happens to have played with King Crimson among others , as well -RRB- ; Jerry Marotta , in the drums ; Larry Fast , in keyboards and synthesizers -LRB- I happened to be lucky enough to catch these first three performing together at a Tony Levin concert last year - they left me speechless -RRB- ; and David Rhodes doing true wonders with his guitar.-The recording production -LRB- engineered by Neil Kernon ; produced by PG and Peter Walsh -RRB- . Out of all the live albums I 've heard , this one stands out as the standard by which all will have to be measured
 Nice to have this in a single box , but did Geffen truly remaster this CD ? After the debacle of the Beatles ' White Album reissue -LRB- it was just repackaged , not remastered -RRB- , one has to wonder . If Geffen has remastered this album , why not the earlier studio albums -LRB- which sound good , but could sound great using 20 + bit technology -RRB- ? The music is still the same , regardless of how its packaged . This is a fine career summation for Gabriel and one of the best live albums . Yes , there 's a little bit of cheating -LRB- Gabriel admits in the linear notes that he went back and fixed a couple of bits to make the package acceptable to audiences -RRB- , but it does n't detract from the power of the performances , terrific playing -LRB- by the always underrated David Rhodes and Tony Levin -RRB- and great songs.The material from SECURITY sounds better live than on the studio album -- the performances and arrangements expand on the more tentative studio versions . The production by Gabriel with Peter Walsh -LRB- who also co - produced the SECRET WORLD live album as well -RRB- . Most live albums tend to be little more than a document for the fans -LRB- most of the latter day Stones live albums -RRB- , or a way to earn a little extra cash from the tour . PLAYS LIVE belongs in the same category as the Allman 's FILMORE album ; the live versions here present the songs away from the sterility of the studio full of the vigor that initially inspired them.A fine addition to any collection , this is an essential Gabriel title .
 I own several hundred C.D. 's and have an eclectic taste in music . Out of all the discs that I have , if I had to give them all away and keep only one ... Peter Gabriel Plays Live is the one that I 'd keep . This is a teriffic introduction to PG 's early works , and it sounds just as fresh today as it did when it was released . If you are looking for just one PG disc for your collection ... pick Plays Live .
 Plays Live is everything a concert album should be but rarely is , a true reflection of the live experience . Peter Gabriel 's concerts are filled with power and this CD captures this experience much more successfully than the later Secret World CD . Incredible performances and an involved but not intrusive audience make this a definite necessity for anyone who has been to a Gabriel performance . Scratch that , it 's a necessity for any fan of Gabriel 's music .
 If you want to know about Peter Gabriel and do n't want to spend a lot of money , the best start is this `` Plays Live '' album . Better in the 2-CD edition . And you should buy it together with `` Secret World Live '' , to get the full advantage.With this two double CD set you will get more than buying the newest compilation `` Hit '' . You can find in here a lot of songs you can not miss from his four first recordings , as `` On the air '' , `` Humdrum '' , `` D.I.Y. '' , `` No self control '' . I like Peter Gabriel 's sound live . And this recording is very good even being almost 20 years old . Secret World sounds a little better and has the rest of the essential songs of PG , but I thik in this case two songs -LRB- `` Secret World '' and `` In your Eyes '' -RRB- are too much for half of a disc.Two excellent songs will be out of this four CD set
 Il sagit ici de la meilleur &eacute;dition CD de ce concert de Peter , en effet il y a tous les titres qui se trouvent sur le LP , ce qui n'est pas le cas d'autres &eacute;ditions . C'est un concert m&eacute;morable a avoir absolument .
 Peter Gabriel has one of the most original voices in the music industry . He was good in Genesis , but he is better in his solo career , that actually became interesting from the third album . Pete Gab 's interest for Africa and the world music rendered his music less pop-oriented and more experimental . This live recording has one foot in the traditional pop material heard on albums 1 and 2 -LRB- on the air , I go swimming , DIY -RRB- and the other foot in the african-influenced tracks -LRB- the rhythm of the heat , no self control -RRB- . All songs sound to me better than the studio original tracks , thanks to an excellent musicianship -LRB- Larry Fast on keyboards -LSB- see my review of Synergy 's ` Electronic realizations for rock orchestra ' -RSB- , David Rhodes on the guitar , Tony Levin -LRB- which joined King Crimson in 1980 -RRB- on the bass -LRB- fantastic bassline on ' I do n't remember ' and ` DIY ' -RRB- and Jerry Marotta on drums -LRB- the sound is similar to Mosley 's sound on the Marillion 's live ` Reel to real ' , as they both play on Yamaha drums -RRB- . The songs are played with energy and Pete 's voice is great . This is a fabulous live recording , that is worth being listened to as often as you can .
 I absoultly love this album , i think Strait Razor -LRB- the song -RRB- is a classic . this album is very sweet.you cant go wrong with any thing from The Accused !
 This effort is greatly appreciated . solid music from the band that really satisfies but the original recording of `` Brutaliity and Corruption '' was done much better on the split 7 '' with Morpheus . Still a worthy addition to any splatter rock fan 's library .
 Note
 My title says it all . The `` Southern '' in the title as advertised by Amazon is exactly what brought me to purchase the CD . Am I ever glad they did it . I probably would n't have bought it otherwise . Especially so since they did n't offer me a chance to sample it . I love my good old Southern Gospel Music . The voices on this CD are amazing and the musicians just as outstanding . It is so spiritual and gets me humming and singing right along . I am glad to set it on my shelf right alongside my other Southern Gospel Music '' .
 I remember when this album came out in 88 had really good times then house parties on my way out of high school good memories .
 This cd is the bomb cd it rocks LUVVVV this cd and would highly recommend this cd to friends great songs great cd been making these type since the 1980s U will not be dissapointed !!! Great cd KC ,
 Rappin with comedy . A singular style never seen again or since . If you check out his BIO you can lean alot about the man
 how could anybody disagree , straight outta seattle mix is the sh*t
 Sir Mix-A-Lot burst out onto the scene with his debut release , `` Swass . '' Stemming such singles as `` Square Dance Rap '' and `` Posse on Broadway '' , Mix definitely brings some new style to the game . This album went on to sell over 1.7 million copies .1 . Buttermilk Biscuits -LRB- Keep on Square Dancin ' -RRB- -LRB- Featuring Kid Sensation -RRB- - Kid Sensation Solo - 3.5 / 52 . Posse on Broadway - 4.5 / 53 . Gold - 4.5 / 54 . Swass - 5/55 . Rippin ' -LRB- Featuring Kid Sensation -RRB- - 4.5 / 56 . Attack on the Stars - 4/57 . Mall Dropper -LRB- Interlude -RRB- - No Rating8 . Hip Hop Soldier - 4.5 / 59 . Iron Man -LRB- Featuring Metal Church -RRB- - 5/510 . Bremelo - 3/511 . Square Dance Rap -LRB- Featuring Kid Sensation -RRB- - 4/512 . Romantic -LRB- Interlude -RRB- - No Rating13 . F the BS - 4/5Overall :46.5 / 554.5 StarsVery solid debut from Sir Mix . Most of the tracks have a very old school feel to them which is great . There 's only two tracks I do n't care for but the rest of the album is great .
 `` Now I 'm your big mall dropper , mud duck stuffer . Fila 's on the bottom and adidas on the cover . '' Most everyone who grew up listening to Hip-Hop in the 80 's and 90 's recognizes those lines right away from the classic `` Buttermilk Biscuits '' and the legendary SWASS . Sir Mix-a-Lot is best remembered as the `` Big Butts Guy '' , but he made some awesome records before and after Mack Daddy , and SWASS was one of them . The funny thing though is two of the most popular songs were by Kid Sensation , `` Square Dance Rap '' and of course , `` Buttermilk Biscuits '' . I remember my dad buying this album when I was a kid , and I loved it ever since . `` Posse on Broadway '' , `` SWASS '' , `` Iron Man '' , and `` Hip-Hop Soldier '' are my favorites -LRB- including the two songs mentioned earlier -RRB- . This album is mostly about braggin ' and humor where Seminar , his next album , was more serious . If you like Mix , then buy this . If not , buy it anyway Rooty-Poot !!
 This is great Ol ` School album from your boy MIX-A-LOT . For me this makes the 4th time getting the SWASS Album -LRB- 2 Cassette-2CD 's -RRB- . Another must have from my personal collection !!!
 This album is my Bible . People come upto me all the time and they say , `` I wish I was a Swass like you . '' But they ca n't hang cuz they got a big Bremelo eatin ' buttamilk bisquick at they side . But me , I gots my gold , I be rippin ' , and my entire posse is always on Broadway rappin ' to the latest square dance . Doe Si Doe , Motherf -- er ! But the secret to my success has to be track 12 . That 's right , I 'm talkin bout romantic interlude -- dun dun dun , de de de -- the ladies love it . Roll your wide a $ $ over Barry White , F the BS , there 's a better way to get laid . It 's the softer side of Swass and the drum machine rivals any Selena track .
 This is a terrible , terrible album , but I must admit , it 's awfully funny . Sir Mix-a-lot must have been scraping the bottom of the barrel when he came up with this stuff . Not too many people can rap about buttermilk biscuits and have enough dignity to keep on living.I would recommend this album if you find it really cheap like I did ... You 'll laugh your -LSB- butt -RSB- off . But I would n't pay seven bucks for it ...
 This has got to be the worst album I 've ever heard . I used to listen to it in my garage when I was getting high and I thought it was fresh . Now , that I 've gotten older and wiser I realize how much of a piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- album it is . Save your money for `` Seminar '' . The only songs that are worth listening to are `` Posse on Broadway '' and `` Rippin '' . Sir Mix-a-lot are a bunch of fags . Personally I think that Sir-Mix-Alot is a piece of -LSB- poop -RSB- ! By the way , `` Chief Boot-Knocka '' has got to be one of the finest albums of modern time .
 man , i 'm tired of hearin ' all you haters slam my boy mix-a-lot . he 's the shizzl for rizzl , dog . porky-joe do n't know what he 's talking about . maybe if i dropped some `` heat rocks '' up in his a $ $ he 'd feel me . beeatch!anyhoo , this album has so many sweet beats on it , i actually threw up the first time i heard it . i dropped my first copy in the urinal at school three days after i picked it up at cd whorehouse , so i have n't listened to it in about 8 months . however , i do know that my bowels are needing to move . i 'll finish this review later . peace out -- >
 This is a terrible , terrible album , but I must admit , it 's awfully funny . Sir Mix-a-lot must have been scraping the bottom of the barrel when he came up with this stuff . Not too many people can rap about buttermilk biscuits and have enough dignity to keep on living.I would recommend this album if you find it really cheap like I did ... You 'll laugh your -LSB- backside -RSB- off . But I would n't pay -LSB- more $ $ -RSB- for it ...
 Unfortunately , many people have pigeon-holed Sir Mix-A-Lot as a `` Weird Al '' style rapper who busts rhymes about big butts and buttermilk biscuits . Sadly , this just is n't true . Swass is a pristine example of old-school rap that was just starting to become mainstream when this ablum was initally released . As well , Mix-A-Lot helped bring Seattle to the rap mainstream when most artists were based either in New York or L.A.I must admit that Swass is one of my favorite rap albums ever . Each song has it 's own individual flavor . And although the subject matter -LRB- i.e. Biscuits , etc. -RRB- may be stupid by today 's standards , the rhymes still flow nicely and are well thought-out . However , this reissue has a serious flaw that simply can not be overlooked . The version of `` Rippin ' '' contained on this release has been remixed and it is n't good . Although the primary beat is the same , it seems that Mix-A-Lot completely re-rapped the song to try and update it with `` hipper '' language . It does n't flow well and pretty much ruins the song . This is huge because Rippin ' was one of the great standout singles -LRB- along with Posse on Broadway and Buttermilk Biscuits -RRB- on Swass . What makes this even more perplexing is that none of the other songs on this reissue have been touched.So in the end , it turns out that Swass is still a classic example of old school rap . However , if you are looking for the original version of the song Rippin ' , skip this reissue and go try and buy the original release in a used record store .
 I have been listening to this cd since I was in middle school -LRB- about 12 years ago -RRB- . This cd just gets better with age . It makes me kinda sad that there is n't anything out there like it today . It 's from a different time when people did n't have to rap about killing one another . Swass is all about having a good time . It 's funny and entertaining and is totally meant to be taken lightly . You 're supposed to be able to laugh and smile the whole time that you 're rapping right along with Mix a lot and Kid Sensation . I would recommend it to anyone who is just looking for a different view of rap .
 this CD is great . By far the best Sir Mix-A-Lot CD . All the songs rock , and all sound different . There is heavy metal on Iron Man , comedy on Bremelo , and Kid Sensation adds some phat beats on Square Dance Rap , Buttermilk Buscuits , and Rippin ' . A definite buy for anyone that likes old school rap .
 I do n't care - Mixalot is Seattle 's greatest export . Ya 'll ca n't step to the lyrical excellence , to the mack daddy attitude - Mix is it . SeaTown Represent !
 Dog , this cd is a classic . From the all out speaker tearing posse on broadway , to the fast paced rythem of rippin , this cd has it all . For those who dont know , you really should ask somebody .
 This album is what rap SHOULD be all about . It 's fun and bass heavy and just enjoyable to listen to . Sometimes yes , it does get a little cheesy , but that is a big part of the charm to this album . Think of the b@lls it takes to open up your debut CD with a song called `` Buttermilk Biscuits '' where you rap with an effect on your voice that makes you sound like a chipmunk . I give mix-a-lot a lot of credit for that and for always keeping a sense of humor in rap music which is definately lacking today . This album also used very inventive beats . The music for the song `` swass '' is very simple but also very unique and sounds very different than your average rap song of that time . It also inspired whoever it is to rip off the chorus line `` do n't you wish your boyfriend was swass like me ? '' just change the word `` swass '' to `` hot '' and you have yourself a hit . Anyway , bottom line is I think this is a timeless album that is very fun to listen to .
 OK so it almost 2006 and this last weekend I am still trying to convince some stranger that this was one of the best hip-hop albums ever made . I dont know why , its not as socially responsible as Public Enemy , it does n't flow like A Tribe Called Quest , and it does n't jam like Jurassic 5 , BUT ITS DAMN GOOD ! I DO N'T KNOW WHY . I remember trying to convince someone back in 1988 how good this album was as they nodded their head to the racy lyrics of Too Short . I am gon na keep trying Mix-a-lot . FYI - I made sure this CD was playing when my first son was born - well at least on the way to the hospital .
 I kind-of chuckle at having `` customer ratings '' on albums online . You can review a vacuum and describe its features , how it works , its performance , etc. . You ca n't really do that with music . It 's based on opinion , not objectivity.Well , I guess I could makes some objective comments about this album . It is pretty much like other rap albums -- primarily filled with baseless self-aggrandizement and hollow threats against real or imagined rival rappers . It objectifies women and promotes materialism . But you expected all that , so that 's not going to affect your purchase decision.So an album review really becomes a defense of the music or an attack on it . Because I was introduced to this album on a 10-hour road trip with three other teenage friends 20 years ago , it was burned in my head as one of the definitive albums of my youth . Picture Rick in his shades , breathing the `` phoo-ha-ha , phoo-ha-ha '' of S.W.A.S.S. Picture all four of us doing our best falsetto rap with Kid Sensation on Buttermilk Biscuits and the Squaredance Rap . Picture us playing Rippin ' over and over , trying to train our tongues to produce words as fast as Mix-A-Lot 's . And picture us still referring to ourselves as `` The Posse '' when we got together in Las Vegas last March . Between the four of us who were there we now have 17 children . Times have changed , but we still think we 're cool , and we still express that coolness via our love of Sir Mix-A-Lot . Buy the album . You do n't know how it will change your life .
 This album is timeless . Rippin ' just pounds and Posse On Broadway makes everyone feel like slamming whatever car they drive , be it a Caddy or an '82 Honda . Yeah , it 's a little cheezy , but that 's why it still sounds good . Recommended classic .
 Swass is everywhere . We cruise to `` Posse on Broadway '' , we drop mad lyrics like `` Swass '' and nobody busts crazier rhymes than `` Buttermilk Biscuits '' ! It 's absolutely the most Swass-dope every put on vinyl - if your record collection does n't have this you 'd better re-think your collection criteria , baby .
 Finally , here it is on disc
 Yes , the audio quality is noticeably imperfect for the entire disc , but once the highs come out on the later tracks it is very listenable -- and the music is indeed very good . This is my first disc by `` Lux '' and his playing has great character and many distinctive features . While it is probably stylistically inappropriate , I could not help comparing these recordings to Dr. John 's solo piano album `` Mac Rebennack . `` Dr. John Plays Mac Rebennack
 I have the first song on the album on tape from March 1993 -LRB- the radio station I recorded the song from well lost in the dust -RRB- . Good album!If you like Cause & Effect , you wo n't find this album in stores . It is ` discontinued by the manufacturer . ' Unless you favor `` You Think You Know Her '' song , you do n't know what you will get.It does n't sound quite like any given Depeche Mode song , but may be in a similar genre.Unless you really know what you are buying , I would say pass , especially if the price tag is high .
 This is a great collection of the best in middle east music.Highlights include percussion from one of the most talented drummers in the world .
 I have a copy of a Japanese issue from 2001 . It 's fine , but it 's a single disc , the graphics are slightly different and it contains only 19 selections - not the thirty six listed on the Amazon info for the US issue .
 I 've listened to this CD and since then I 'm looking to purchase it . Though , up till now I never had a chance to succeed in this matter . So , that 's how good I find this CD . And if anybody could help me , just let me know .
 Minimal and full of melodic surprises and interesting textures . Definitely displays a different and original sound .
 Xavier Naidoo is a German rapper and singer who 's extremely popular in Germany . He is a modern prophet . Half of the songs on this album involve his belief in God , without trying to convert anyone . He also sings about societal issues . At other times he forces the listener to tears with intense intimate songs about fear -LRB- Kleines Lied -RRB- and his memory of a dear friend -LRB- Abschied Nehmen -RRB- . His singing is infused with a rare energy ; he clearly feels what he sings in every vein of his body , and I assume most listeners will feel the same . This is the best album I have heard in fifteen years . This double album is live , with an incredibly tight , funky and soulful band . Here 's someone who raps as tough as any American rapper , and sings as soulful as Marvin Gay.Despite the seriousness and intensity of the lyrics , the general feel of the album is moving , adrenaline boosting and uplifting . Xavier Naidoo is an exception tot he rule that the most fun things are n't good for you .
 I have been a great fan for quite some time . I am not religious at all -LRB- do n't have a problem with it , just never stuck -RRB- , but even his Gospel songs are great , that with the Rock -LRB- my favorite -RRB- , Rap , Jazz , Mr. Naidoo is just an incredibly talented artist . I hope to continue to be able to hear his work for a long time to come !
 A must have for someone trying to broaden their musical interests . This man is hot . . and he has some beautiful songs . . yes something different .
 If you loved `` Sintesis 2 '' -LRB- Qbadisc , 1994 -RRB- and its brilliant blend of traditional AfroCuban/Santeria rhythms with modern rock elements , `` Orishas '' is a good place to start next . I particularly love the soulful singing of Ele Valdes on Tracks 1 , 4 , 5 , 6 and 9 . `` Orishas '' is another fine effort from this unique , groundbreaking outfit .
 The heaviest and most metallic Accused . Producer Jack Endino said that recording this album was `` like mainlining espresso '' . That sums it up pretty well for me . Lots of fast , itchy guitar riffage , intense drumming and over the top vocal stylings make this a classic . This is pre-grunge seattle at it 's finest . Unfortunately this has been out of print for quite some time . Definitely one to have !
 If you like the Accused and do not have this album you must find it at all costs . I have it only on tape but I would buy it both on vinyl and CD if I 'd happen upon it . Grinning Like An Undertaker is probably the most metal out of all thier albums and that is why it is the best -LRB- of course all of them are good ! -RRB-
 Great album , closer to heavy metal than their previous and latter albums . Hits hard and heavy , great rhythms and riffs .
 I disagree that there is no filler in this album . For example , I 've never enjoyed Only Us much or Washing of The Water . In fact , I always skip Steam , despite it being one of the more popular ones on this album.I 'm giving it five stars because a few tracks -- Come Talk To Me , Digging In The Dirt , Kiss That Frog are superb.Of course the gem , the undeniable masterpiece of this album is Secret World . This is a magical track itself worth more than most other albums I 've heard over the years .
 Delivery time within promised date , quality as promised but was sent with a slimline CD case and the insert separate because it would n't fit in a slimline . Not a huge concern just a slight annoyance .
 I love that Peter Gabriel continues to include us in his personal evolution and growth ... and he is always evolving . If you like this , you 'll love his later releases including his new CD Growing Up !
 If you do n't own this album then you are a fool . This is one of the greatest collections of music ever created . Stop what you are doing right now and buy this album . You wo n't be sorry .
 Is it just me or does anybody else notice that the production standards on this disc are n't up to those of his other recordings ? Play this album back to back with So and you will notice that the sound on So is much crisper and cleaner . Anyway , the musical content on this album is right up there with So and in some instances surpasses it . Oh sure , there are the obligatory `` I 'm only putting this tune on the disc in hopes that I 'll get radio airplay '' songs Steam and Kiss that Frog in which he tries to repeat the success of `` Sledgehammer '' . Otherwise the songs on Us are some of the best that PG 's ever done either lyrically or musically . Even the early nineties hit `` Digging in the Dirt '' is a pretty complex look into the psyche . If you like So , you 'll be pleasantly surprised by Us . And BTW , if you like Us , check out Plus From Us which is a compilation of music from the musicians which appeared on , and inspired the music of , Us .
 The most dissapointing thing about US is that UP -LRB- his next CD -RRB- has to follow it . I doubt he can succeed this CD .
 After the success of So , Peter Gabriel got experimental and released the soundtrack album Passion . It took him six years to release a follow up to So with 1992 's Us . The album follows the format of So , but the songs are n't quite up to So 's level , but they are still very strong . `` Digging In the Dirt '' is a fabulous song that has a slow as molasses rhythm that thumps along like a heartbeat until the refrain rings with a clanging guitar . `` Steam '' is like `` Big Time '' redux , but is a decent track while `` Kiss That Frog '' shows off a fun side to the normally ultra seriousness that Mr. Gabriel exudes . Us is a quality album that amazingly is last studio release Mr. Gabriel has released .
 I have been a fan of Peter Gabriel since `` Shock The Monkey '' . I love this album . Every track is superb with a big sound , above-average engineering , and haunting lyrics.My favorite track is `` Steam '' . Peter can be laid back and ethereal and he can really get into the groove . `` Steam '' is very much in my groove . As is `` Digging In The Dirt '' . That one is really funky.I also really like `` Secret World '' and `` Kiss That Frog '' . Have n't we all kissed at least one frog ? But all the tracks are great . This album is a good listen throughout.One of the reviewers above mentioned `` songs with a cold wind blowing through them '' and I think that is an accurate description of Peter 's music . It is global and haunting . I think that haunting quality is what has made a lasting fan . His music is capable of bringing you in touch with your spirituality .
 An exquisite musical menagerie with ideas drawn from the four corners of the world . Producer is Daniel Lanois and musicians of stature like Brian Eno , Manu Katche and the Babacar Faye drummers assist . Roots instruments like the djembe , sabar drums , tama surdu and doukdouk spice up the sound with delicious results . The opener Come Talk To Me starts with the mournful drone of bagpipes and African drums , reaches a high point with a magnificent vocals & drum chorus and fades out on grieving sitar infusions . The influence of Lanois is very much in evidence here and on Blood Of Eden , with dense layers of dreamy sounds and yearning , spiritual vocals . Love To Be Loved combines Brian Eno , the Valiha -LRB- a Malagasy instrument -RRB- and the tabla , for a lovely exotic sound . Kiss That Frog sports some tight rock riffs . Digging In The Dirt and Steam are more mainstream rock songs . Warm , powerful and multi-faceted .
 I absolutely love the sound of both the rock-ballad `` Steam '' and the excellent `` Digging In The Dirt '' , which I 'm listening to right now , actually . This album adds to and compliments my music collection including Peter Gabriel 's previous material from `` So '' and `` Shaking The Tree '' quite nicely . My other two favorites are the lively pop-oriented `` Kiss That Frog '' and the great last track `` Secret World '' . While maybe not as essential as `` So '' , this CD is still worth a listen , so pick it up for yourself soon !
 I agree with several of the other reviewers here that Secret World Live -LRB- which has been in the CD player in my car for weeks -RRB- has much better versions of most of these songs . It also has Salisbury Hill , one of my favorites . Yes , they 're introspective and raw and moving - that 's what makes them good . And Steam & Kiss That Frog are great fun . So , go for SW Live , but if you ca n't find it buy Us . They 're still good songs.P.S . Is n't that Paula Cole on Blood of Eden ? I know it 's her on the live CD .
 I bought this CD when I was a stranger in a strange land and during a time of great personal change . After listening to `` US '' several times , I decided to shelve it . Every time I heard any part of it , those troubled times came roaring back like a `` Gabriel river . `` After blowing off two years of dust accumulation , the greatness of this CD shined through once again -- with a glimer of the darker past . Get this CD , but it is an emotional one .
 Musically , `` US '' does n't really break any new ground for Gabriel , but he enters new territory with some deeply confessional lyrics . Earlier in his carreer , Gabriel gave us tales of dejeted and sometimes monstrous characters . On `` US '' , he gives us more of a look into his personality . `` Love To Be Loved '' and `` Blood Of Eden '' are among the best ballads he 's penned yet . This album did not fare so well on the charts as compared to `` SO '' but overall , I feel it 's a stronger effort . His output has been slow since the mid 80 's . He 's been working on an upcomming release for many years along with many side projects . It would not surprise me if he gives up touring now that he 's entered his 50 's . If he tours again , do n't miss him . He puts on one of the finest live performances you 'll ever see .
 In my humble opinion , Peter Gabriel is one of the greatest musicians of the rock era , beckoning me to listen to his music day after day after day , and I never get tired of it !! On this album , Us , has the hit `` Steam '' , which is truly bound to rock the house whenever you play it ! Other of my favorites on here are `` Blood of Eden '' , `` Digging in the Dirt '' , `` Kiss That Frog '' , and `` Secret World '' . Great to have in your collection !! Also look at the album US , also by Peter Gabriel , which is full of great music as well !!!
 Who would have thought that the young talented man that played aside Phil Collins in the prosperous band `` Genesis '' would turn out to be the most brilliant lyricist the music world would ever see . Who would have thought that many of todays most prolific musical talents , such as Sarah Mclachlan , would idle Gabriel and his music . Not me . Why is it that Mr. Gabriel is so fanaticaly loved by those who have experienced his music ? There can only be one true answer to this common question about this very uncommen man , and the answer lies within the words he writes and with in the songs he sings . There is no better example of Gabriel 's uncanny brilliance then that which is present in his album `` US . '' `` US '' like any of Gabriel albums is an experience . An experience into a unparallel world of love , loss , and pain . A world in which there are no worries or fears , no sorrow or sadness . Gabriel is one of the very , very few artists , if not the only artist , that has the ability to challenge his listeners with his music . This album might not be as good as Gabriel 's previous album `` SO , '' but it is more then worth the small price it costs , for it will last a lifetime within your heart , and it will ease your pains and sufferings every time you turn the lights off and turn the volume up loud and lose yourself within Gabriels words . THANK YOU PETER
 This is undoubtedly Gabriel 's magnum opus , and one of the best recordings of 1992 . A veritable potpourri of world music and rock , it never ceases to amaze , both in terms of production and performance . Gabriel has written some of his most personal and intense lyrics here , and anyone who is n't remotely moved by his words here must have a heart of stone . An excellent all-rounder album , and arguably the most significant in Gabriel 's career .
 OK ! , Let 's be objective and honest . It 's true that `` Us '' may be a combination between `` Passion '' and `` So '' , but Gabriel uses to put commonalities in a pair of albums . Also , people must admit that `` Us '' has it 's own `` personality '' . In my opinion this album makes a trinity with `` Passion '' and `` Security '' . `` Us '' is not as commercial as `` So '' , though `` Digging in the Dirt '' and `` Steam '' -LRB- and barely `` Kiss that Frog '' -RRB- are radio-friendly , but very well written . Tough there are `` happy '' songs in `` Us '' , the pattern of most of the songs is melancholy . Situations like his divorce and -LSB- then -RSB- the breakup of his relationship -LSB- with actress Rosanna Arquette -RSB- are enough reasons to make this album more -LSB- lirically -RSB- personal , reflexive and dark . Nevertheless there are also a mixture of references of anger , spirituality and -LSB- one of his favourite themes since 1982 -RSB- sex.Gabriel is that kind of people like REM , Beck , The Cure , or Blur ; they may have a lot of popularity in the charts , but they do not get impressed -LRB- and convinced -RRB- for that success , because they want to go beyond just keeping their art-identity alive . `` Us '' is an essencial album , because it shows a pasionate and honest artist who is not affraid -LSB- anymore -RSB- to express his true feelings .
 In the time when grunge music was at its peak , Peter Gabriel released US after a 5 year absence in recording -LRB- aside from Passion in 1989 -RRB- . Many accused Peter of re-hashing 1986 's SO and not moving forward musically . Alternative grunge was stealing his low-attention span younger audience.I can agree that `` Steam '' does have a `` Sledgehammer '' feel to it , but for the most part , US is totally different from SO . Whereas SO was more of a breakthrough pop album , US focuses inward on Peter 's relationships and yields some of his most expressive music yet without losing his pop sensibility . `` Come Talk To Me '' is a great opening track mixing Scottish bagpipes with African drums ... a simple combination that can be easily taken forgranted but is actually quite brilliant . `` The Blood of Eden '' stands out both lyrically and musically as a beautiful look at the beginnings of humanity . `` Washing of the Water '' -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- is a gorgeous ballad yearning for spiritual guidance . `` Digging in the Dirt '' is classic Peter showing both sides of himself
 This review applies solely to the new , remastered version of `` US '' , and what an improvement it is ! I have always liked the original `` US '' as I am a Peter Gabriel/Genesis fanatic of 25 years or so , but found the soundy somewhat muddy in spots . Well , that 's all in the past , as this new version is much sharper , clearer and better seperated , especially in the high ranges . The title track and `` Digging In the Dirt '' benefit most obviously from the remaster process , and all of the tracks sound more balanced than their previous incarnations . Even if you 've owned this CD for years , buy this version ; it 's like getting an entirely new Peter Gabriel CD !
 `` Us '' is not an easy listen at first . This is easily his most personal and confessional album to date -LRB- been 7 years , Pete ... -RRB- . Born out of a divorce -LRB- `` Secret World '' -RRB- , several failed relationships -LRB- `` Blood of Eden '' -RRB- and group therapy sessions -LRB- `` Come Talk to Me '' , `` Digging in the Dirt '' -RRB- , Gabriel bares his soul , warts & all . Ranging from playful & sexy -LRB- `` Steam '' , `` Kiss that Frog '' -RRB- to confessional & pleading -LRB- `` Washing of the Water '' -RRB- . This album is also where the ambient pop of `` So '' collides with the world music experiments of `` Passion '' and his work with WOMAD & Real World . Samples of musics from Africa , Russia and other locales deepen the already lush tracks . This could have been a disaster , but Gabriel and Lanois ' production strike that perfect balance.This is a deep album ; musically , lyrically and thematically . Certainly not his most accessable album . But if you 've been thru a painful breakup & a period of intense soul searching , you 'll certainly identify . It takes awhile to grow on you , but once it does the rewards are plentiful .
 After the -LRB- understandable -RRB- commercial success of and -LRB- inexplicable -RRB- critical praise for So , it 's good to see Peter back in top form here . Am I the only one who despised So ? I thought it was Peter Gabriel Lite ; empty , hollow , insubstantial , a pale pale semblance of glory and grandeur past -LRB- although I am partial to the Gabriel/Bush duet -RRB- . Us , on the other hand , contains songs which are genuinely moving . There is real emotion here , not the manufactured variety found on So , and the musical and vocal stylings are pleasantly reminiscent of Security.There are a good variety of songs here , from the irresistibly propulsive `` Steam '' , to the infectious and hilarious `` Kiss That frog , '' to the sublimely beautiful `` Washing The Water '' -LRB- easily my favorite track -RRB- . This album may not be as innovative or brilliant as `` Car '' , `` Scratch '' or Security -LRB- all of which were so astonishingly good that they hardly seem designed for mere mortal ears -RRB- , but it maintains a consistent high quality throughout , and is emotionally resonant .
 Time has treated this record well . It still stands out as a stunning statement of loss , confusion , strangeness , sadness , and hoped for hope . These songs are very profound meditations about emotions and thoughts that many of us have had the necessary misfortune to experience . And Peter Gabriel shows them to us here , in all of their gut and heart wrenching gore and detail . This is a stunning statement of purpose whose emotional impact is really quite amazing . I utterly agree with other reviewers that this music is far more effective -LRB- and less expensive -RRB- than at least a dozen therapy sessions.Highly recommended . And I find it noteworthy that some of the fools who did n't like -LRB- and probably did n't understand -RRB- this record when it was first released probably can relate to it now ...
 After the hugely successfull and commercial So Peter Gabriel decided to make an album which gave him less success but was better . Of cource Gabriels always been an artist who has rarly missed and mostly hit unlike say Phil Collins . US is an album which combines the best attributes of Peters career , often longish instrumentally and lyrically strong compositions and a fine voice .
 though this is a very similar album to -- and from the same era as -- _ so _ , it 's obviously the stronger work . _ so _ just feels like a vehicle for the hits , and _ us _ has very few hits . it 's the record that came immediately after _ so _ , immediately after gabriel 's stardom went through the roof . so this is his record , something he did for himself , and while that does n't translate into a very exciting record , what 's here is well done and never less than pleasant . _ us _ has a very accomplished atmosphere . not to mention the two quasi-hits here , `` steam '' -LRB- probably my favorite PG tune , one of his most driving rock ditties ... it has a bass line that just . wo n't . stop . -RRB- , and `` kiss that frog , '' are great singles , just not the uber-hits which preceeded them .
 In 1986 Peter Gabriel made his commercial breakthrough with `` So '' and the major hit `` Sledgehammer '' , but instead of continuing where he left off and releasing a album shortly afterwards to remain in spotlight like most ofher artists would have done , Mr. Gabriel took a 6 year hiatus where he also had a painful divorce . When he eventually came back with this album times had changed . The tone of his album is once again darker then `` So '' , with a very polished production then before but even the uptempo hitsingles such as `` Digging in the Dirt '' and the `` Sledgehammer '' copy `` Steam '' were n't as influentual as the former had been 6 years ago when it topped the US chart . However , that does n't mean that `` US '' is a bad album . It may not be his best , but for people that like his music , there should be enough songs for your pleasure aswell . `` Come Talk To Me '' seems to be a celtic tribute , atleast musically . A 7 minute exprimental song with both drums and bagpipes . It was written to his daighter Melanie , whom he had problems with communications with . `` Love to Be Loved '' is a very beautiful soundscape where Gabriel talks about his fear of dedictaing himself into relationships . Most songs of this album deal exactly with relationships and family . `` Bloood of Eden '' another love ballad about how making love can save a relationship -LRB- Apparently not in Gabriel 's case -RRB- Sinead O'Connor appears on the song also . `` Steam '' is a copy of `` Sledgehammer '' almost . They both dealt with sex , both had funny videos and are 60 's soul influented with horn sounds . Both among Gabriel 's best songs . It was a top 10 in the Uk . `` Only Us '' is another slow love ballad . Quite passable . `` Washing the Water '' is perhaps the most naked song on this album , it does n't feel either polished or overproduced like many others . `` Digging in the Dirt '' did n't even make the top 20 in the UK , and was only a minor hit . Great video nonetheless . Th song is dark and haunting with cathcy riffs and deals with why people kill , one of many studies that Gabriel did for his music . `` Fourteen Black Paintings '' sounds oriental and somewhat spiritual and is in a very slow pace with few words . `` Kiss That Frog '' apparently about fellatio was also a flop as single , but one of the better songs here nonetheless in a soulish uptempo . On `` Secret World '' he once again deals with the difficulties with relationships . It 's A slow paced ballad that closes a pretty good album , atleast for the fan.Overall , It got it 's moments , infact I think it 's a very good album but once again alot of the material is very personal and may be easier to enjoy if you 're a fan of Gagriel then if you 're a casual listener that liked `` SO '' . It 's a little dark with quite a few ballads and not too much hit material . However , `` Us '' is good enough to be bought . 3-4 songs are very good and Gabriel once again has created a beautiful soundscape with his music . Too bad it took him 6 years to complete . 4 stars .
 I love every song on this record . It 'd have to be the most personal record from PG , an artist who generally makes music for you to get emotionally and/or intellectually involved with -LRB- though you do n't have to to enjoy it -RRB- . There are many well written reviews already . I 'm posting this mostly to say that everyone 's take on `` Steam '' seems to be that it 's about lust and/or sexuality . To me it 's more than that . I think the bigger point of the song is positive energy and motivation -LRB- `` steam '' as in a steam engine -RRB- . And of course the physical connection in sex -LRB- or maybe affection in general ? -RRB- is definitely - the song makes clear - a big part of it . And you know actually that 's still a pretty revolutionary concept , if you think about it _ REALLY SERIOUSLY _ . Pretty neat how it allows you to totally rock out while being really deep and introspective -LRB- haha -RRB- . `` Give me steam , and how you feel can make it real , real as any place you 've been . Get a LIIIIIIIIIIIIIFE with the dreamer 's dream '' . Surely not just about lust/the personal pursuit of sexual pleasure alone . Connection , motivation , going somewhere , doing something . Feeling/being a part of something that actually means something . Ok I guess that 's enough . `` Secret World '' is a part of this same theme I think too -LSB- suggested by it being uptempo -LRB- a little faster than `` steam '' -RRB- and sharing some little parts -RSB- . Amazing song . May take a few listens for it to really hit you.Same I guess goes for the album in general , at least for me . I was about 15 when I got it , and not surprisingly I did n't really get into it/give it much of a chance . How I wish there were artists with messages/meaning like this on rock or pop radio now , instead of all the negativity and emptiness and aghhh.And if only records made in 2005 SOUNDED as good as ones made in 92 ? Huh ? What ? Yeah . I do n't even have the remastered one . Can people not hear how bad a lot of records sound now ? I mean listen to -LRB- freakin ' -RRB- Bono 's voice on the latest u2 record ? What the heck is up?Anyway , shutting up now ... : -RRB-
 A controversial title to fans , perhaps , but in my opinion this -LRB- and the Secret World live album -RRB- is Peter Gabriel at the height of his powers.Soulful , original lyrics provide beautiful imagery - almost as beautiful as the carefully woven threads of percussion joining together . Gabriel 's voice , showing its age , is heartfelt and full of yearning and melancholy.There are many places to start , if you are interested in Peter Gabriel and this is as good as any . Accessible without compromising any of his talent this album , largely about relationships , can speak to many . With grace and beauty .
 It has been about 5 years since I have been looking locally for this CD . Finally I looked to Amazon and thank God . I finally have it back in my changer and it will probably never find its way back to its cover !
 Now we know that our hero is human too , and he wears his heart on his sleeve here a la Phil 's `` Face Value '' and it works as a five star album . Highly recommended and the comeback . His best work since `` Security ''
 Peter Gabriel - US - is one of my favorite CDs . The soul-wrenching lyrics and singing bring new meaning to the term Soul Baring.Peter Gabriel wrote this group of songs after divorcing his long-time wife , and also breaking up with a subsequent girlfriend . At the same time that he was going through these traumas , he was working on the soundtrack for The Last Temptation of Christ . Talk about a powerful wellspring.My favorite two tracks on this CD are easily Blood of Eden and Washing of the Water . I could replay those two tracks over and over again , just getting lost in their depths . You can hear Gabriel really resonating with the songs , letting you hear the hurt and pain in his life.In Come Talk to Me , the rock jazziness to the song almost makes you forget just how angst-filled his plea is - he 's trying to make it lighthearted , but he desperately wants his lover to come work this out with him . Even the guitar has a ragged edge to it as it accompanies him.Steam is more of a sexual purr , and to me it shows at least that he was trying to get a handle on his negative emotions and regain a footing in life . The visual imagery is fantastic.For pure fun , I really love Kiss that Frog . But again , this is n't pop-culture with Someone saying `` I wan na kiss !! '' It Gabriel bringing in more of his water metaphors , and trying to say that love does n't have to be about a pretty face - that someone should take a chance with him , warts and all , to find happiness.I suppose if someone was looking for ` hip fun polished rock music ' they might be confused at what this CD is all about . It 's not a industry-cranked sales machine . It is really Gabriel , pouring out his heart . I for one find that it touches me incredibly , and that I can really relate to every song on the CD .
 This is simply the best album that has ever been made on this planet ... It is ... All 10 tracks are superb ... Produced by master Daniel Lanois and Peter Gabriel . Just an amazing album .
 This album is just amazing.Comoing off the heights of his previous album `` SO '' Gabriel pulls off a great follow-up album with lots of African drums and dark exotic rhythms.My favorite songs are `` Digging In The Dirt '' , `` Blood of Eden '' , `` Only Us '' and `` Secret Woorldd '' . Whoa , this album is just amazing . I love every song on here.Buy this CD 2 Day !
 haunting , moving , eternally soothing sounds from an expert musician.The songs on this work vacillate elegantly between moods . The listener is transported from states of melancholy and states of joy . Peter Gabriel 's music transforms and satisfies always .
 Six years after the 1986 commercial breakthrough SO , Gabriel returned in 1992 with the follow-up album US . This album unlike SO is brighter and has a lot more worldly sounds than SO . The theme of this album is alot like Phil Collins underrated album Both Sides which came out the following year after this one . The thing that in my opinion makes US a little better than Both Sides is that while US has very similar themes to Both Sides , US has warmth and a bit more depth where as while Both Sides is also an amazing album it sometimes is a bit cold and dreary in atmosphere.Enought about the US vs. Both Sides ranting . This 1992 album while it is generally melancholy in sound it has it 's share of humor . US finds Pete embracing the colorful worldly African sounds but not forgetting his rock roots . Steam was the big hit off this CD and with a video that in my opinion surpasses it 's companion video Sledgehammer by a hair mainly because of the more cutting-edge technology . Steam is alot like Sledgehammer with lots of the trumpets , humor , creativity , and sex appeal . However on the flip side there are some very melancholy tunes like the gentle Washing Of The Water and the eerie 14 Black Paintings which I consider to be the echoing effects of Passion . Overall though , this CD is n't very dark and is actually quite joyous in spite of it 's moody content . The album closes with the warmth and joyous atmosphere of the final track Secret World . Love To Be Loved is absolutely gorgeous with a very dramatic melody not all that dissimilar to Red Rain although maybe not as intense . Overall in fact , I think that US is actually brighter and less ominous than SO and while I think UP is a bit more consistent , US has some warmth , and joy that is mostly missing off that dark masterpiece.This album was very well produced but the remastering improves it and brings out more dimensional details in the music , especially on Digging In The Dirt , and Washing Of The Water . In fact , it 's so well improved in the remastering that it almost feels like a new Peter Gabriel album.The limited edition digipak that the remastered edition was packaged in , is inferior to the older jewelcase cover . The digipak is mostly made of some kind of cardboard paper and there is little if any difference in the liner notes between the limited digipak and the regular clear jewel case . Also what 's wrong is that when the hinge in digipak breaks , there 's no way to replace it like a regular CD jewelcase . I have no idea why they still release CDs with this idiotic packaging design nor do I see any appeal in the flimsy design of the digipak.Sadly , there are n't any bonus tracks included on here . I would 've been more than happy to hear the hidden gems that Gabriel recorded but did not put on the album . It also would 've been better to hear outtake or alternate demos of the songs . In fact , I think the limited edition should 've done that , have bonus material included . Geffen should 've looked at Tears For Fears first three albums being re-issued with the bonus tracks and liner notes . Unfortunately , there are n't liner notes telling about the history of the albums making either.A great album that was poorly handled in it 's re-issue , US is nonetheless another greal album that deserves a place in every PG fans ' collection . At least it did n't have the track list reshuffled like SO was . It 's a pity that the re-issuing could n't have been better than it was .
 Though not nearly as good as the nearly flawles album `` So '' for which it served as a follow-up , `` Us '' still contains plenty of great Peter Gabriel performances . That it is also his last pop oriented album having been released eight years ago is cause for lament . The best tracks are `` Come Talk to Me , '' `` Steam , '' `` Digging in the Dirt '' and `` Kiss That Frog , '' while the rest of the album is fairly solid as well . The album really lacks only peaks as high as `` Sledgehammer '' and `` In Your Eyes '' from `` So . '' Overall , a very satisfying album for Gabriel fans .
 One reviewer called this ' a highly personal sequence of songs that make Phil Collins sound like , well , Phil Collins . ' It reflected his recent divorce and personal anxieties . Songs like ` Digging in the Dirt ' were an explicit exploration of his interest in Jungian themes . Normally I pay little attention to song lyrics , but I was startled when I heard the argument-in-the-car that makes up part of this song . It was very , very close to home.There are several good tunes here , and some attempt to satisfy the wider public who were expecting another ` So ' . But this is a highly introspective album , put together with infinite care . For Gabriel newcomers , I would recommend starting with ` So ' and ` Passion ' first , then ` Security ' . Then go for this one or ` Secret World Live ' .
 From the opening sounds of haunting bagpipes , to the every so quiet `` Shhh . . listen '' of the last song , this album is 100 percent emotion . `` Come talk to me '' is the anthem of every relationship hindered by miscommunication . Unless you have no heart , you WILL feel a ping of sadness while listening to `` Washing of the water '' PG even accuratly portrays the emotions of watching a signifigant other 's most mundane actions in `` Secret world . '' If you only have room to take 10 CDs , pack this one first .
 Ben oui , quoi , des sous . Il en faut pour ses disques `` at home '' de world music . Alors , des sous , il peut en r&eacute;clamer &agrave; ceux qui , sans vergogne , se sont fait du fric avec son nom et qui s ` appellent Collins , Rutherford et Banks qui , s ` il porte bien son nom , doit pouvoir fournir &agrave; notre Peter bien-aim &eacute; ce dont il a besoin pour une grande tourn&eacute;e mondiale qui , si elle passe par Lille , ne manquera pas d'attirer Paulo et son Kaou ... Question musique , nous pourrions croire que nous sommes dans la mme veine que `` So '' . Certes , si nous songeons &agrave; `` Diggin ' in the dirt '' , nous ne sommes pas loin en effet de `` Sledgehammer '' . Mais c'est pour mieux nous emmener vers `` Kiss that frog '' que l'Ange de tous les possibles choisit des raccourcis &eacute;difiants de tristesses et de d&eacute;sarrois simplifi&eacute;s tels que `` Come talk to me '' et `` I love to be loved '' ... Mais nous passerons volontiers de `` Us '' &agrave; `` So '' , et r&eacute;ciproquement , nous en ferons 2 albums de chevet pendant une nuit et plus si affinit&eacute;s . `` If in doubt , consult your dealer '' , lisait-on dans l'temps ...
 The trance inducing sounds of African tribal drums , the wail and whine of bagpipes , and talking tabla drums of India transport the listener on a world tour with Peter Gabriel 's `` Us '' album.Gabriel 's quest of international beats brings together 75 musicians from around the globe to perform on this master work . Yet , the tone of `` Us '' strikes a personal chord with all the tracks revolving around various types of relationships , set in a menagerie of moods.Gabriel fans will feast on the rich harvest of of songs gathered here . Gabriel alumni contribute their usual magic
 Peter Gabriel has had an interesting career moving from prog-rock radical , to pop superstar , to world-beat saviour.Released in 1992 , at a time when grunge was at its peak , `` Us '' includes the singles `` Digging in the Dirt '' , `` Steam '' , and `` Blood of Eden '' as well as many more well written songs . No filler here.Again Gabriel works closely with longtime producer Daniel Lanois who has worked with Bob Dylan , U2 , and Sinead O'Conner just to mention a few.They continue to incorporate World Music or Non-Western musicians , instruments , textures , and rhythms into the music to get the soundsthat they want , and in the process expose the listener to some interesting music.The end of Gabriel 's marriage undoubtedly contributed to the self-consciousness and introspection that permeate the lyrics on this recording.I 've been a Peter Gabriel fan since the early Genesis days and `` Us '' is one of my favorite Peter Gabriel recordings.I highly recommend `` Us '' even if you are not a Peter Gabriel fan . You just need to be able to appreciate quality music .
 I was shocked and surprised to read the Editorial review by Rob Stewart . This is one of Peter Gabriel 's best albums . Way way way better than ` Sledgehammer ' or ` Big ' ! This is one of my favorite albums - it has some of the most meanful , insightful and introspective songs . I encourage you to listen to the album in its entirety - you wo n't regret it .
 While US has received somewhat mixed reviews , I have to wonder if its only crime was that it was not a dramatic breakthrough after the six year hiatus that followed the release of SO . Amazon critic Rob Stewart 's dismissal of the recording as `` SO-lite , '' is certainly clever , but kind of a cheap shot . Yeah , the tunes designed as potential singles -LRB- whether ever released as such or not -RRB- were not quite the joyous ribaldry/anarchy of `` Sledgehammer , '' but I 'd disagree with Stewart that neithr `` Steam '' nor `` Kiss that Frog '' are also not up to the level of `` Big Time , '' a song I thought an unworthy follow-up to `` Sledge . '' I find these tracks much more engaging that `` BT , '' and they DO N'T end with a dumb , adolescent joke.Stewart and other critics scoff a bit at the `` hypersensitivity '' they see here . It 's an understandable criticism , in a way , and I will admit that I have n't been focusing much on the lyrics myself . -LRB- My copy is an older CD , left behind -- ironically enough , given the album 's main themes -- by my ex -- and if there ever was a lyric sheet , there is n't one now -RRB- . Since I have n't been hanging on every word , I ca n't say for sure whether there is too much confessionalism going on here . But I can say that even a tune with a potentially mawkish title like `` I Love To Be Loved '' turns out to be a pretty potent musical experience . It takes a certain bravery to even attempt a song like that . The fact that he pulls it off with something like aplomb is a testament to his talent.From what I can make out lyrically , I 'm pretty impressed . Gabriel is one of those songwriters who does n't have to be cool to be cool . The songs on US have a certain inevitable feel . It 's almost as though `` Digging In the Dirt '' and `` Washing of the Water '' -LRB- he 's got a thing for the present participle , does n't he ? -RRB- and `` Blood of Eden '' HAD to come into being . These are songs that pack an emotional wallop , even before you 've quite figured out what they 're all about.About those lyrics
 Of the three Peter Gabriel CDs I own -LRB- SO , UP , and US -RRB- , this is my favorite . I feel it is the best showcase of Gabriel 's range of sounds , rythems , and lyrical journeys . The production is supurb . Buy this CD now !
 I 'll admit it , I 'm a fan of all of Peter Gabriel 's work . From Genesis to his solo work , I feel that Gabriel is one of the greatest artists of the rock and roll era . His music is very distinctive , his lyrics often heart-wrenching and very , very human . All of Peter 's albums have their merits . SO was , of course , his big commercial smash - and it was a great album . Security was wonderful , with San Jacinto being one fo the greatest songs PG has written . PG3 was revolutionary in its use of samples and textures . Despite these great successes I do n't feel that any of these albums is the equal of US . US is an exploration of relationships with the focus on it falling apart . It is akin to Dylan 's Blood on the Tracks , Springsteen 's Tunnel of Love , and U2 's Achtung Baby in theme -LRB- and if you do n't own all four of these albums , they are highly recommended -RRB- . All the great artists seem to put out `` personal pain '' records that reach startling heights - Gabriel is no different.There are many who discount US as an album . I 've done that myself in the past . It 's easy to get so caught up in the `` big '' songs of an artist that you forget they 're not always his best . When I compile a list of my favorite songs by PG I find that many of them come from this album . Come Talk to Me , Only Us , Blood of Eden , Washing of the Water , Steam , Digging in the Dirt , Kiss that Frog , Love to be Loved -LRB- a bit repetitive , but very true -RRB- , and the unrivaled Secret World . There is a song for every emotion here . Gabriel deals with the rough points of love and relationships throughout the record , although comic moments can also be found . It 's actually the more light-hearted moments that make this record great . A lot of people want to dump all over Steam , but it 's a song that really helps balance out the record . It also happens to fit perfectly right next to Blood of Eden because it brings the more sexual aspect of relationships into focus . Kiss That Frog also provides a bit of levity , but an enormous amount of insight can be found in the song . All of the songs seem to indicate responsibility for the failure of the relationship rests upon both parties , and unfortunately Secret World does n't leave the listener with much hope , but I see it more as a warning . Be wary of building your relationships around fantasized ideals . Both people are human and never will be perfect in this lifetime ... , but they must realize this and talk to work things out together . Give this album a listen , you may learn a lot from it . Also pick up the other albums mentioned , together they provide a wealth of insight into marriage that ca n't be found anywhere else . Now we just must anxiously await for UP , Mr. Gabriel 's next album . ...
 The fact that I do n't like some of the songs on this , yet am still willing to give it a five star rating should tell you how great this album is . Like I need to . Look at all these reviews . By sheer virtue of having `` Secret World , '' and `` Love to Be Loved '' on the same CD , this should have a much higher overall ranking .
 Peter Gabriel immersed himself in the opening of his recording studio two years before releasing Us in 1992 . He meticulously picked out all the equipment and oversaw its construction . It all led to the culminating recording of his career , Us , a sonically perfect album where musical nuances can easily be picked out even by the most amateur ear.It was no mistake that Gabriel hired the best-and for the most part , his usual-studio musicians . He wanted every note played to be essential to the album as a whole , or as fleeting as pop music allows a note to be . Drummer Manu Katch&eacute; had never been so incisive in his craft , playing in a controlled and precise manner , setting a new bar for all drummers . The same can be said about guitarist/producer David Rhodes.This recording is a painstaking study of human relationships-more specifically heartbreak-with the exception of two tracks , `` Steam '' and `` Kiss that Frog . '' They seem to belong to a different album ; they are not-so-subtle references to sexual acts . Lyrics such as `` Let me introduce his frogness , you alone can get him singing , '' make their content quite clear.The album opens with `` Come Talk to Me , '' a plea reminiscent of Berlioz 's Symphonie Fantastique 's subtext . The music sways with a distorted string section and a bagpipe , painting a dramatic picture and scoring a wrenching supplication for attention . `` Blood of Eden '' tells an almost biblical story , one of birth and death , love and hate , creation and destruction . The stanzas are arranged like folk songs from parts of Africa , in cyclical form and with codas . `` The Washing of the Water '' is a prayerlike song where the `` river '' could be a deity and the singer is seeking release from unrequited love . Again , Berlioz 's subtext comes into play.Us opened the door to new musical sensibilities in 1990s popular music . It 's hard to imagine the success of bands like Phish or Rusted Root without this recording .
 Peter Gabriel 's studio CD 's are so few and far between it 's always a treat when one is released . So it was in 1992 when `` Us '' was released to the world . The follow-up to his smash `` So '' , Us '' incorporates much more of the World Music influence Peter had been exploring . `` Us '' also incorporates Peter 's typical brilliant song writing and melodies.This is a record about relationships for the most part and it opens with the plea of `` Come Talk To Me '' that is so relatable to so many . The beauty of Peter 's music shines in the next two tracks , who ca n't relate to `` Love To Be Loved '' . No matter the trials of relationships , no matter the problems we may encounter in them , who does n't `` Love to Be Loved '' . Beautiful is the best word to use to describe the exquisite Blood Of Eden '' featuring the backing vocals of Sinead O'Connor -LRB- say what you will about Sinead , there can be no denying this woman 's astounding voice -RRB- . O'Connor also provides backing vox on the opening track . Other highlights of this CD include the self exploration of `` Digging In The Dirt '' , the `` Sledgehammer '' - like `` Steam '' and the closing masterpiece `` Secret World '' , an even more stunning track when performed live.Of the ten tracks on the CD , only two , `` Only Us '' and `` Fourteen Black Paintings '' , fall below standard to my ears . Otherwise , another splendid release from a legendary artist .
 `` Us '' was my first Peter Gabriel album . I knew of him because of the success of `` So '' and I had seen the videos for `` Sledgehammer '' , `` Big Time '' , and `` Steam '' , but I had no idea how much I would come to appreciate him through this album . Peter Gabriel is one of the most gifted and sincere songwriters in the music business , and he seems almost incapable of writing a bad song . From the stirring opening of `` Come Talk To Me '' to the subtle fade of `` Secret World '' , this album does not disappoint . Though at first listen you may not find such standout songs that were obvious on `` So '' , the album flows very well as a whole . The central theme is relationships , and the songs explore one 's feelings and reactions to them . Standout songs include `` Love To Be Loved '' , `` Only Us '' , `` Come Talk To Me '' , `` Digging In The Dirt '' -LRB- great song ... took me completely off guard the first time I heard it -RRB- , and `` Secret World '' .
 now i 'll tell ya the truth . i 'm 14 years old and my family likes totally different music than me . but one band we do share interest in is Genesis . my family loved Phil Collins ' era in Genesis and i do too . but i was the one to show them the works of Peter Gabriel . i find that Peter Gabriel can say all those things that we people find hard . in songs like `` love to be loved '' you find a desperate man who just wants to be needed like everyone else . now i perfer the live version of `` blood of eden '' just because the sound quality is better . but i find that `` washing of the water '' is one of Gabriel 's most soothing tracks ... and then you get `` digging in the dirt '' . all you so called `` fans '' who bash him ` cos the sound is sloppy . i say shame on you . you should know that 's how he wanted it to sound ` cos it 's a very mean , angry , and sluggish song about pain and murder . i love the live version of `` kiss that frog '' but the studio version was a disappointment . it just does n't have that charisma or fun feeling like the live one does ... and then you come to the finale of the album `` Secret World '' ... this is one of my favourite tracks from Gabriel . i recommend that you listen to this version before you hear the live version because the live version will blow you away . but there is just so much emotion in this record and in these songs ... and by the way for you that do n't like `` steam '' . i say that track is awesome . both live and on the studio album.but my favourite Gabriel track of all time is and will always be `` i grieve '' ... where 's the new album Peter ?
 Luis Mejia -LRB- son -RRB- - Although Gabriel previous album So was a great hit that spread out all of his popularity , this album is less popular but good as well . The musical style brought up to this album is not so firm as his past works , it 's a deep work enjoyable and appreciatable though . It was released in 1992 . The first track Come Talk To Me was written by Gabriel because of his distant relationship with his first daughter . The third track Blood Of Eden was previously released in the film `` Until The End Of The World '' . The songs Steam and Digging In The Dirt are the most famous in the album , both with sensational music videos and with catchy rythms , more alike for those who like the song Sledgehammer . The song Kiss That Frog is also alike . The rest of the tracks are very nice each one and are more personal , soft and calm with strong themes.If you 're yet not convinced , then I 'll tell the great personnel that Peter Gabriel brought in this album ; some of them are Tony Levin -LRB- King Crimson -RRB- , Sin&eacute;ad O ' Connor , Peter Hammill -LRB- Van Der Graaf Generator -RRB- , Brian Eno , among others .
 Thsi cd has it all , great songs like `` Talk to me '' , `` Washing in the water `` and `` Secret world '' . Also , some great hits , beautifully arranged and composed , the kind your not tired of after few years , like `` Blood of Eden '' , `` Steam '' , Digging in the dirt '' and `` Kiss that frog `` Three songs , in my mind , are weaker , which are `` Love to be love '' , `` Only us '' and `` Fourteen black painting '' I give it a four star rating , highly recommanded .
 Quite simply , this is one of the most heartfelt , mystical , magical , majestic , touched-by-god albums I have ever heard . When I read reviews like Mr. Stewart 's , I honestly believe the writer must live only in the head and not the heart , and that 's a shame . So many beautiful tracks , but I will never forget the magic of listening for almost three straight minutes to Gabriel singing about water ... and more water ... and more water ... until he ` slips up ' and one word about a woman slips out -- and then the metaphorical dam bursts . `` Washing Of The Water '' alone makes this album worth not only the money , but worth its weight in gold .
 As much as I like `` So '' , sometimes it 's a bit too commercial for me , and as good as `` Sledgehammer '' is , I do n't want to hear it a 500th time . I think `` Us '' may be my favorite of his . Front to back it 's just really pleasing . The first 3 tracks are beautiful slower ones , with `` Sinead O'connor '' singing backup on 2 of them . `` Steam '' was a hit , and is probably the `` Big Time '' of this record . There is a subtle world music vibe on many songs , but it does n't dominate the album , like on Paul Simons `` Graceland '' . My favorite song here is `` Digging In The Dirt '' . It just seems to have everything good in it . Many of these songs are on his 2-disc `` Hit '' collection , but I could never get rid of this . It just seems made for people like `` Us '' .
 Yes , it 's true . `` Us , '' for the most part , lacks songs like the radio-conscience-but-still-good `` Sledgehammer , '' but that 's the appeal and magic . I bought this disc in 1998 and was surprised that people were so hard on `` Us '' when it premiered in 1992 . I like the darker , dirtier and less-poppy production that emerges from the speakers when `` Us '' plays . `` So '' is a great album , but I would n't say songs like `` Big Time '' are definitive Gabriel material . `` Us '' has songs that are more in the `` Melting Face '' style of Peter 's work . The moody , soul-searching of `` Secret World , '' the soothing melody of `` Blood of Eden , '' the bagpipe-driven `` Come Talk To Me '' and the gritty , sinister-sounding `` Digging In The Dirt '' are first-rate tracks . Do n't be fooled by the allegations that the former Genesis singer was uninspired when the studio tapes rolled during the recording of `` Us . '' Gabriel 's vocals on the LP expose his wide range of emotions and thoughts like a raw nerve . It 's a wonderful album that holds up so much better in sound and content than Nirvana 's `` Nevermind , '' which came out the same year . Put `` Sledgehammer '' out of your mind , sit down and give `` Us '' a spin . It 's the very least this excellent document of Gabriel 's heartbreak and eventual , fearful recovery from spiritual loss deserves . Those who have ever gone through a divorce - Gabriel did during the writing of the CD - will know exactly where 's he coming from .
 Even though Peter Gabriel 's work has always appeared to be intimate and personal , he really took it a step further on _ Us _ , probably his most underrated album as well as one of his best . As the liner notes explain , the songs on _ Us _ were inspired by and about the relationships that Peter Gabriel had with women -LRB- specifically about the break-up of his marriage a few years earlier , and his relationships with actress Rosanna Arquette -RRB- . Therefore , _ Us _ is a deeply emotional album that shows the artist coming to terms with not only the relationships he had with women , but also coming to terms with himself.The album starts off with the restrained bombast of `` Come Talk To Me '' , which showcases some of Gabriel 's most vivid lyrics of his career
 I am a huge fan of `` So '' and `` Passion , '' the two albums that seem to be the inspiration for this album . You can hear snippets of `` So '' in the songs `` Steam '' and `` Kiss That Frog , '' and you can hear plenty of `` Passion '' in `` Fourteen Black Paintings '' and `` Blood of Eden . '' At first , I thought this album was great for it 's music . But lately , I 've been rereading some of the lyrics from the album . For anyone who 's going through a rough patch in your life , listen to the words to `` Love to be Loved , '' and try not to be moved at the end when he cries out `` Though it takes all the strength in me , I let go ... , '' releasing himself from all his negativity . Listen to the sadness and loss in `` Washing of the Water , '' or the longing in `` Secret World . '' As a young adult of 20 , `` Us '' touched me with its melodies and original music . As an older adult of 29 , the emotional lyrics hit home every time I listen to the album . Deeply moving .
 It could n't have been easy to make an album , a whole song cycle centering around relationships , and not sound like it 's simply repeating what hundreds of others have already said on the subject . Fortunately for us , Peter Gabriel just happens to be one of the most original and talented artists alive . The result is a work that 's exotic and intimate , far-reaching and yet intensely personal . Also -LRB- as is usual for Peter -RRB- it 's impeccably produced and consistent ; an album that is more an overall listening experience than a simple batch of songs . Chances are we wo n't get to hear another such treat for the soul until the release of Up . . if we 're still alive by then.As others have said , this album can be seen as a blending of So and Passion . . and maybe a little Security , though it 's not nearly as dark . This is an album that stays with you and grows with you through your own relationships . With `` Kiss That Frog '' Peter gives a worthwhile message inside a batch of double meanings . With `` Fourteen Black Paintings '' he gives a more thought-provoking statement in just five lines . Ignore the critic who dismisses the sound as ` So-lite ; ' he 's missing the point . Ignore the reviews that label `` Steam '' as simply a followup to `` Sledgehammer . '' There 's a lot to find here . The true depth and meaning of Us depends on how far you 're willing to look .
 This album is the first album I ever bought and I admit I bought it based on the `` Steam '' music video that was shown on MTV . Yet , when I bought and listened to this album , the music just spoke to me . The more you listen to this album , the more it grows on you . I love all the tracks on this album , especially `` Come talk to me '' , `` Blood of eden '' , and `` Secret World '' . I bought this album twice because , the first cd got worned out and I still do n't get tired of listening to the music . So please buy this , you would n't regret it .
 This album is pure genius . It captures a dark period of Peter 's life on tape . It 's incredible attention to detail coupled with his characteristic creativity make this an album I have n't been able to wear out . I would recommend this album to anyone who really enjoys diving into music on a higher level .
 It has taken me awhile to appreciate this album as a whole , but it has been well worth the wait ... this album is one my favorite albums , and everytime I listen to it it speaks to my soul ... Peter Gabriel is a musical genious , always exploring new territory in his music , and always infusing his music with influences of the world , and he has a talent for writing a heart wrenching melody , but his true gift his his voice ... The voice is the part of the music that speaks to the listener , and Peter Gabriels speaks directly to the soul ... it is in my opinion the best voice in rock music today , and has made sure that I will always be a fan of his music ... That being said , this album is good because each song is a masterpiece , not just because it 's a Peter Gabriel album ... The songs talk about something that we all can relate to , relationships ... everytime I listen to it , it 's like looking through a photo album , the memories just come flooding back ... and that 's a good thing ... stand out tracks are Come Talk to Me , Digging in the Dirt , and Secret World -LRB- possibly the best song ever writen , in my opinion of course -RRB- ... if you do n't already own this one , you definately need to pick it up ...
 This is my personal favorite Peter Gabriel release . Every human being can relate to the themes apparent on US
 I bought Us after I heard one of the singles , Steam , played on the radio back when the album was first released . I expected the album to be great , being familiar with his So album , but was n't prepared for just how fantastic Us would be . I still listen to it at least once a day , and every song on it is a favorite . He is such a passionate vocalist , the music is fabulous , and his lyrics are touching and very personal .
 Peter Gabriel continues to inspire all who listen to his music . The US album , about communication and love , represents Gabriel 's ability to convey a message without being soppy or overdone . Sophisticated sounds and arrangements make for a pleasing combination of things to come as you listen through the album.BUY IT . . you will be happy you did !
 People-Although not as commercially successful as `` So '' , `` Us '' moves me much more than `` So '' . This album seems so much more personal than `` So '' . This album took a whole different approach than from `` So '' . This album has a much worldly and African feel . This album is not a soothing album . I think it was made to make people feel tense . It is not what you 'd call `` easy listening '' . The tension you have when listening to it is what makes it great!The emotional voices of Sinead O'Connor during `` Come Talk To Me '' and `` Blood Of Eden '' make a great addition to the album . And whatever people say about the acts of Sinead O'Connor on Saturday Night Live , who cares ... she has a wonderful voice.That 's my two cents on Gabriel 's `` Us '' . - Adam
 Desires , relationships , communication , the struggle of being imperfect humans in an imperfect world ... Grace , and what it means to love and live in this world . All of these things echo throughout this collection of songs . `` US '' is one of my favorite recordings . It has a depth that few others in my collection have ever even come close to matching.The music varies greatly in sound and style ; with all of it working to great effect : The pulsing rhythms of the percussion on `` Love to be Loved '' flow as a gentle undercurrent working in combination with very understated keyboards . The way the instrumental music on this song serves as a canvass for Gabriel 's whisper-like vocals is pure genius . The song itself is about cutting loose the habitual need for human love . It is a musically gentle yet emotionally searing exposition on the pain caused when a relationship dies.The `` Blood of Eden '' contains some of the most beautiful lyrics ever written in English -LRB- just my not-so-humble opinion -RRB- . It speaks of the human habit of constantly starting to love , to seek union , without taking stock of our true selves and our true motives . It speaks of coming to the realization of who one really is with beautiful language
 When `` Us '' was released in 1992 , it immediately became a steady staple in my musical diet . It was the perfect musical acompaniment to a rocky relationship I was wrestling with . The album stayed in heavy rotation for two years , until most of my collection was stolen during a drug addict break-in . I was n't aware of this 2002 remaster release until last month , when I was perusing Amazon for those few remaining CDs that I have n't managed to replace yet.Replete with subtle , complex musical arrangements and intensely humane lyrics , `` Us '' is Peter Gabriel 's best , most complete album . `` So '' is a close second , but there are a few tracks on `` So '' that seem like mere filler . Not so on `` Us . '' Every track seems purposefully crafted and included , with the possible exception of `` Fourteen Black Paintings '' -LRB- not a bad song at all , just sounds more like it belongs on a movie soundtrack -RRB- . I suppose you could also argue that the two mainstream pop-esque songs , `` Steam '' -LRB- which I always thought was similar to -- but much better than -- `` Big Time '' -RRB- and `` Kiss That Frog , '' do n't quite harmonize with the overall emotional tenor of `` Us , '' but I wo n't quibble with greatness . `` Come Talk to Me '' is a compelling opening and invitation , followed immediately by the beautiful and moving `` Love to be Loved '' and `` Blood of Eden . '' And you ca n't find more musical honesty and integrity than showcased in `` Washing of the Water '' and `` Digging in the Dirt . `` The remastered version superbly highlights the many acoustic nuances that were so painstakingly crafted by Gabriel . Ca n't recommend it highly enough -- just make sure to treat yourself to excellent speakers or headphones that can really showcase everything going on here . Then sit back and sail away . Wrestling with heartache never felt so good .
 Actually 41/2 stars . After releasing 1986 's excellent `` So , '' Peter Gabriel took six years to complete a new album . The result is `` Us , '' which is an exploration of love and relationships . Gabriel continues his interest in world beats , incorporating African and Middle Eastern sounds into many of the album 's songs . To be honest , the album 's impact is n't immediately obvious -- the true genius lies in the subtle , cascading melodies and gentle rolling rhythms that are gradually discovered . Tracks like `` Come to Talk to Me , `` Love to Be Loved '' and the gorgeous `` Secret World '' percolate rather than explode , gradually building to a release . The lyrics are great in the typical Gabriel fashion , and his vocals are perhaps the best of his career . If you like Peter Gabriel and are willing to invest a little bit of time to get to know the music , `` Us '' is a richly rewarding record .
 If you are considering purchasing this album , WHATEVER you do , read beyond the first review -LRB- if it is still the review by Rob Stewart -RRB- . This is an absolutely brilliant recording and is essential listening for anyone seeking deep , emotional , thought provoking music crafted using atypical instrumentation and rhythms . It is more difficult to convey pain and loss convincingly to others on a musical instrument than any other emotion . In truth , very few people are truly even able to do so . And furthermore , the more instruments used when trying to express this very ancient and basic emotion , the more the emotion itself becomes buried . With `` Us '' , Gabriel has created something so personal that it feels like you 're reading a letter to his ex-wife that you 've accidentally found among his possessions -- except , you 're hearing it instead of reading it . It would be difficult for a non-musician to understand how hard it is to make someone else feel exactly like you do using a musical instrument . Here , Gabriel manages to express the kind of grief one typically hears in blues or gospels . It is remarkable how many exotic instruments grace this recording , and yet the entire affair is one giant perfect symbiotic swirl of beauty , grace , pain and guilt . One can hear the desperation in Gabriel 's very voice as well as in the vibrato of most of the instruments . In short , to accomplish an aural/musical plea for forgiveness so effectively is a stunning accomplishment , regardless of whether you regard it as `` better '' or `` worse '' than his last recording.It goes without saying that Gabriel 's body of work has been highly influential , and as an artist , he is truly peerless -- look up Real World Records or WOMAD on the internet -- Gabriel does n't sit on his laurels like some others -LRB- `` Sir '' Geldof -RRB- . This is required listening .
 if you live in the usa and have no health insurance to go to a therapist and talk about how screwed up your life and relationships are -- then buy this album.this CD is better for my psyche then 10 sessions with my therapist , and i wish i was kidding.anyway , peter gabriel does good .
 Being a big fan of Peter Gabriel anyways , I picked this up for the hit `` Steam '' and was overjoyed with the product . His musical diversity throughout the album is incredible but takes a minute to adjust to , honestly . Once you realize what the content is about , however -LRB- throughout the breakup of his marriage of his wife Jill -RRB- you begin to piece together what 's going on in the head of a brilliant musician . This album , to me , is more than just a montage of songs , it 's a culmination of the `` why 's '' and `` where did we go wrong ? '' 's of any long term relationship , intermingled with the frustration that everyone goes through ... just voiced through song . The songs `` Come Talk To Me '' and `` Secret World '' showing just how distraught he was with trying to work through the entire ordeal . . I STRONGLY reccommend this CD , not only if you 're just a Peter Gabriel fan , but if you need a great understanding that there are good guys out there CD .
 is n't it what everyone wanted though ? a personal album that connect with us . `` US '' , i think is one of the biggest highlights of Gabriel 's career . not only did it break new lyrical standings , it broke all the barriors in his music . it 's no secret that this album is very different in every song . a return of `` Biko '' with bag-pipes in `` come talk to me '' . `` Love to be loved '' identifies with everyone 's desire for affection . personally my favourite track on the album . `` blood of eden '' which watches a duet between the hopeless and devoted , which takes a while to grow on you . then there 's `` steam '' . i do n't understand why no one likes this song . i like it more than `` sledgehammer '' ` cos this one is little bit more rockier . you usually ca n't dance to Gabriel 's music but you can to `` steam '' . musically `` only us '' is very interesting . but the lyrics do n't impress me very much . but then it makes up for it with `` washing of the water '' . another favourite of mine but take my advice listen to the live version . it 's monumental . `` digging in the dirt '' can also identify with our hatred towards others and there doings . `` fourteen black paintings '' is peter 's `` zaar '' with some lyrics . `` kiss that frog '' is fun , but the live version tends to make you move alittle bit more . and then there 's one of the greatest Peter tracks to end the album ... `` secret world '' shows to lovers ' worlds falling apart but the love still stands because they 've got another world they can run to . i strongly suggest this album . but after you buy this one , you MUST buy `` Secret World Live '' . one of the greatest live albums of all time ...
 Forget the amazon reviewer above who labels this one `` So-lite '' : `` Us '' is a much deeper , heavier album than `` So '' on so many levels , that reveals new textures with repeated listens . Songs like `` Come Talk To Me '' , `` Blood Of Eden '' and `` Only Us '' are absolutely haunting in their ethereal beauty , aided by guest vocalist Sinead O'Connor and a typically innovative production that combined the pop sound of `` So '' with the transcendent world-music atmospherics of `` Passion '' . The instrumental break in `` Come Talk To Me '' is one of the most breathtaking in his entire career , while the chorus to `` Blood Of Eden '' sounds as if it were composed centuries ago . Although the critics may have been disappointed , Gabriel fans both hardcore and casual consider it one of his very best , for being one of his most heartfelt and personally introspective works.Other highlights include the abrasive single `` Digging In The Dirt '' -LRB- with a vocal as frightening as that in `` Shock The Monkey '' -RRB- , the `` Passion '' - like meditation `` Fourteen Black Paintings '' and the exuberant `` Secret World '' , which closes the work on a hopeful note and became a stage favorite . The only weaker moments , in fact , are those which try a bit too hard to echo `` So '' -- ie . `` Steam '' and `` Kiss That Frog '' -- although even these feature clever wordplay and catchy choruses , and act as a necessary breather in the midst of the slower pace and heavy psychoanalysis of the rest of the album . `` Us '' is Gabriel at his absolute best , second perhaps only to `` Security '' in his pantheon of solo works . The pace may be much slower than most of his other albums but this creates a sustained mood that is nonetheless never boring . It is an album many have identified with -LRB- especially those who have been through a breakup -RRB- , and it cuts right through the soul with a fierce beauty . It is also probably the most effective combination of world-music and pop ever produced , although its followup `` Up '' is also superb and highly recommended . Compared to `` Us '' , `` So '' is Gabriel-lite !
 From the moment the CD began I had goosebumps . It showed an incredible range of emotion and creativity.True story
 It is astonishing to me that Amazon selected the fairly negative review by Rob Stewart as their editorial choice for this record ... `` Us '' is surely in Gabriel 's top 4 . After `` 3/melt '' and `` Security , '' `` Us '' may be a tie for 3rd with his pop masterpiece `` So , '' though it depends on mood ; `` Us '' feels a bit more experimental than the brilliant pop of `` So . `` As with most of Gabriel 's studio records , it 's a concept record , and the concept here is relationships . The songs chronicle the breakdown of a relationship , namely Gabriel 's marriage and divorce , and the subsequent emotional and psychological journey he experiences . It begins with Come Talk to Me , written about his daughter 's struggle with her parents ' marital breakdown . Then there is a contiguous narrative set of songs about the frustrations , longings , complexities , passion and pain of relationships in general , and male-female in particular -LRB- Love to Be Loved , Blood of Eden , Only Us , and Steam -- this last one may or may not have to do with sex as often suggested , but Gabriel himself said it was about a relationship between someone projecting a cultured , educated persona and the guy who had the frustration of knowing what she really was like -RRB- . Then there is the need to eventually let go of all the baggage and be renewed -LRB- Washing of the Water -RRB- . That leads nicely into what I think is an ingenious metaphor for therapy , which Gabriel was going through at the time -LRB- the stunning Digging in the Dirt , which Gabriel said was about dealing with our violent impulses -RRB- . Then there is the upbeat romp about finding new love when you 're `` past your prime '' and feeling old n ' ugly , and hoping she 'll see you 're a good guy -LRB- Kiss that Frog -RRB- ; and a beautiful epic summary reflection on the tragedy that is a failed marriage -LRB- Secret World -RRB- . There 's also the trademark Gabriel socio-political reflection , this one a brooding worldbeat meditation on the possibility of change -LRB- 14 Black Paintings -RRB- . Musically , it is not incorrect to compare the sound of the record with `` So , '' as some have done here , but it 's not quite as accessible as `` So . '' Although , Gabriel nicely melded his accessible `` pop '' sound with his more experimental spirit here . The arrangements are all solid ; the sheer consistency of one good song after another throughout the record causes it to rise the top of his other work . Secret World and Digging in the Dirt are simply two of the best songs of his career -LRB- along with runner-up gems like the poignant , Gospel-inspired meditation Washing of the Water -RRB- . Some of Tony Levin 's cleverest bass work with Gabriel is on this record , along with some of Gabriel 's most clever instrumental arrangements , and some of his most insightful and touching lyrics . Personally , it may be my favorite in his catalog . I could only give it 4 stars because `` 3/Melt '' and `` Security '' get 5 .
 1992 's `` US '' is truly a `` from the heart '' body of music from Peter Gabriel , his most personal album to date . He recorded `` US '' during a time when his 15-year marriage to his wife Jill had recently broken up , and a following relationship with actress Rosanna Arquette had also dissolved , so Peter certainly had a lot of personal , romantic demons to exorcise from his system , which he did with this album . Gabriel totally wears his heart on his sleeve with these songs , which may have irked some listeners , but not me . `` US '' is a Peter Gabriel album that 's very close to my heart , because I can certainly relate to what he 's singing about on it . Like Peter , I love to be loved , too.Gabriel explores many aspects of love & relationships on `` US ''
 The best songs in this CD are easily under-rated on the charts . The most elaborate songs that are very delicious to just sit back and eat up !
 An excellent , mellow , album
 how dare that reviewr call Steam weak . I mean , it 's not like Sledgehammer is the only song Pete Gabriel ever wrote . He wrote numerous songs in his , now 33 year career , and do n't forget , Steam was the album 's -LRB- Us -RRB- biggest hit , winning two MTV video music awards , and a grammy award -LRB- and rightfully so I might add -RRB- . So -LRB- not to be confussed with the album titled So -RRB- , give him a chance , he knows how to write songs , he does what he likes , he knows what he likes , and he knows how to make music not only sound good , but fun , and he knows how to put someone in a good mood , to dance , sing-along , or just plain feel good .
 People , interested in contacting your passion ? This CD will show you the way . The fifth star is missing from my review thanks to his Secret World Live album . That , fellow listeners , is sheer perfection .
 I 'll avoid the trap of defining old-versus-new Peter styles , but I will say that this is Peter at his most mature , intelligent and compelling . What made the album so important then , and still now , is its effortless ability to synthesize the cerebral and the emotional within its themes of interpersonal relationship . Moreso than Gabriel 's other albums , ` Us ' is a complete journey , almost a narrative , that allows the listener to fully interact with the landscape of desire , affection , loss and redemption that it explores .
 This is the album when my friends finally understood what I have understood for nearly 30 years . Peter Gabriel is the best song writer and performer in the world .
 Peter Gabriel 's work is so inspiring it is difficult to select any one of his CDs as my favorite , however , this one comes close . The combination of his song writing and vocal talent makes `` Us '' soar . His personal experiences live through this music and allow the listener to reflect upon their own feelings . `` Washing of the Water '' and `` Blood of Eden '' are haunting . This CD is a must have . I 'm only sorry I did n't find his music sooner . Truly inspiring .
 Peter Gabriel can move us to view ourselves more closely . He is obviously looking deep within himself on this CD . The honesty is powerful . The music beautiful . The CD ... A MUST HAVE !
 This deserves better treatment than the reviews it got in 92.1 . Come Talk to Me - the struggle of communication4 . Steam - Allows the frustration of life to be released .6 . Washing of the Water - helps with grief . .7 . Digging in the Dirt - Introspection ... 8 . Fourteen Black Paintings - my personal favorite in meditation .10 . Secret World - Something lovers would say to another.If instrumental is more to your liking , I suggest Passion
 This is a masterpiece . Put All the High Brow analysis aside and let the dream of the music take you . Its a definite buy for a great collection of music .
 When `` Digging In The Dirt '' came out , the first time I heard that great funk-tinged bass , it was sneaking out of a car speaker as a boyfriend and I had just moved in together in the summer of ' 92 , were returning the van , and were arguing about something ; that 's when Peter cut in with the lyrics , `` Do n't talk back , just drive the car . '' Two years of stormy relationship later , we 'd separated ; and a year after that , while Peter sang to me about `` Making it up in our Secret World , '' I finally forgave him , and myself . The rest of the songs spoke to me at other times , too ; `` Fourteen Black Paintings '' is still one of the most haunting and powerful songs I 've ever heard -LRB- I wrote down the lyrics in their entirety and have them framed over my desk -RRB- .
 In this CD , Peter Gabriel works through a lot of things in his personal life . He creates a bigger , more `` world music '' sound than he did in earlier CDs . Many of the tracks on this CD made it to singles status on the radio , as did many tracks from the prior CD `` So '' . Still , this CD shows a departure of style from `` So '' . Still recognizably Peter Gabriel , but the sound has gotten more complex and even more layered . Gabriel continues to use first class musicians . Tony Levin -LRB- formerly of Yes -RRB- joins him on bass for this album -LRB- Stewart Copeland of the Police was on two tracks on `` So '' -RRB- . Good CD , but I prefer `` So '' . Still , very much worth getting . Look for all the double meanings in `` Kiss that Frog '' .
 it 's A very sensual Album.Dont expect real hits here.Lyrics are mostly about Peter 's demons -LRB- it came shortly after he divorced with his wife -RRB- and personal problems.Although the opening song `` COME TALK TO ME '' is quite cheerfull , `` BLOOD OF EDEN '' and `` LOVE TO BE LOVED '' are really sad and simply touching.Even a single hit `` DIGGING IN THE DIRT '' is introspective and creepy -LRB- just listen when Gabriel shouts `` This time it 's gone to far ... i told you , i told you !!! '' -RRB- . The Culmination of his Fears is indescribable Dark and scary `` Only us '' . A majestic Bass line and quasi-trival atmosphere are simply wonderfull.But the ending leaves hope for future -LRB- `` Secret world '' -RRB- . The only track i do n't like is `` KISS THAT FROG '' . It is just not fitting here and is a bit to much popish and joyfull.i am listening to `` US '' since 1998 but i never really enjoyed this tune.But all the rest is great.Just another piece of wonderfull music from wonderfull artist
 Peter Gabriel is one of those strange singers that can be in the mainstream and in the avant-garde at the same time . His secret seems to be simple
 For a long time now , I have been compiling nearly all of Peter Gabriel 's authorized recordings since the first Genesis album , but for some reason I waited until recently to purchase US . Well , more fool me
 Peter play so nicer for CD . It go long time for song play me play me . Words say okay hear me .
 ` Us ' in the acclaimed follow up album to ` So ' and while it was less commercially successful , many fans hailed it as return to Gabriel 's true sound . It has many great songs , from the popular single ` Steam ' to ` Digging In The Dirt ' which was inspired by his marital break down . ` Blood Of Eden ' is a beautiful ballad that shows Gabriel 's songwriting talents fully . There are fun tracks as well like ` Kiss The Frog ' . Overall ` Us ' is a good album , with something there to delight new and old fans alike . Gabriel doing what he does best , writing top songs and performing them with passion . Well worth a buy.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
 I just bought this album not knowing any of the other songs on it besides `` Steam '' and I must say that this is a great album . Much more worldly and and a little brighter than SO , `` US '' is a marvelous follow-up to the 1986 smash . My favorite songs are the haunting `` Loved To Be Loved '' , the upbeat `` Only Us '' , and the closing track `` Secret World '' . `` 14 Black Paintings '' is like an echoing of the `` Passion '' soundtrack with it 's strong Middle Eastern flutes . Peter Gabriel once again delivers a great set of songs . It would unfortunately be a decade before the follow-up `` UP '' would be released and that one was worth it . This might sound odd but I think `` UP '' has some similarities to this , Kind of like PG 3 meets `` US '' . This album is a must-have . Get all of Gabriel 's albums .
 Gabriel 's lyrics have always been somewhat personal , despite abstract notions in his earlier works -LRB- especially those with Genesis -RRB- , but Gabriel makes his emotions obvious in Us . It 's even stated in the liner notes that most of this album is about relationships , particularly his divorce from his wife Jill , and his romantic involvement with Rosanna Arquette . This results in some of the most passionate vocals ever , exhibited in songs like `` Come Talk To Me , '' `` Digging in the Dirt , '' and `` Fourteen Black Paintings . '' This might 've been his return to pop music after disappearing from the commercial spotlight after So , but he certainly made his long-awaited return -LRB- before promptly vanishing again -RRB- a rather dark one .
 anytime a musician of gabriel 's caliber digs deep within himself to conjour up painful emotions , a great album comes of it . US , is no different . it is gabriel 's best , and most moving recording yet , and has the power to move the listener to tears . SO is an introspective look at gabriel 's failed relationships with lovers , and his daughters . give it a chance to grow on you , and it wo n't dissapoint .
 This is a truly PROFOUND work , lyrically as well as musically . I heard it first in 1992 and it spoke to the deep places in my heart . In 1998 it is still a towering classic
 What a powerful statement Peter Gabriel released following his marriage break up . Wonderful gift to many considering a divorce so they can hear his pain and then decide to ... move on . This experience has the power to make you want to work on what is at hand and not let go and start again only to notice later on that a part of you was gone as well . It is hard to stay whole when parts of you are left all over.Musically this album is complex with big emphasis on drum beat . Peter Gabriel is a phenomenal drummer himself , playing drums and singing for Genesis over 35 years ago . His friends not only from his ethnic music label are joining him here but drums are controlled mostly by them . The Babacar Faye drummers are playing Sabar drums on a couple of songs ; Manu Katche plays on most songs ; Assane Thiam is playing Talking drum on one song . Besides Tony Levin on bass and David Rhodes on guitar Peter is getting help here from Brian Eno , Sinead O'Connor , Daniel Lanois Ravi Shankar , William Orbid and John Paul Jones amongst others and the instruments include saxophones , trombone , violin , cello , mandolin , harmonica , Mexican flute , Ney flute , Senegalese shakers , and other things . A lot is going on here although the sound is often so full of drum beat that it takes some careful listening to separate some of the instruments . And yes , it is true that the low tones of drums go hand in hand with the dark mood of Peter 's spirit . This album is his pain relief.Love To Be Loved holds an incredible moment in it
 Released in 1992 , this could be considered the sequel to Gabriel 's blockbuster So . It is 57 minutes long and the sound quality is very good . There is a remastered version available , but I do n't know if it would be necessary to get . Gabriel 's earlier CD 's -LRB- especially So -RRB- had mediocre to poor sound quality . So , the remastered versions are essential for those earlier CD 's . I do n't know how much better experience you would get from a remastered Us -LRB- especially since I have n't heard the remastered version -RRB- . In 1986 , Gabriel released the fantastic So . It is a sign of the times . In the sixties and seventies , an artist would do a follow up album within a year . Starting in the late eighties , it is not uncommon for an artist to go 6 years between ablums.Us could easily be considered So Junior , right from the two letter title , to cover of the CD , to the music style and song selection . It is a very good follow up to So , but slightly disappointing . It is not quite as good as So , and you would expect with 6 years , Gabriel would have topped So.The main thing missing from Us is the great duets which highlight So . But , Santana has proved that you can push the duet thing too far.The great thing about Us is that it contains two clones of Shock the Monkey , Kiss That Frog and Stean . So had only one Shock the Monkey clone , Sledgehammer . But , I think that now , Gabriel has finally perfected the sound , and the songs on Us are much better than the earlier songs . This is surprising , since clone songs like this usually come off poorly.The rest of the songs on the Us are very good , but none reach the pinacle of the songs on So , such as Do n't Give Up and Excellent Birds.This is somewhere between a four and a five star CD.Gabriel would put a double live CD of the concert tour to support this CD , called Secret World Live . It has some great moments , but also is weak in spots .
 US lets Gabriel examine the emotional ups and downs of relationships . Starting with the plaintive cry for communication on `` Come Talk to Me , '' US takes the listener on a journey through the passion , -LRB- `` Steam '' -RRB- playfulness , -LRB- `` Kiss That Frog '' -RRB- and the pain -LRB- `` Digging in the Dirt , '' Blood of Eden '' -RRB- of life 's great challenge , our ability to love and what can happen when it does n't last . The music 's softer here than on his earlier work ; it has a meditative quality befitting the subject matter . The emotional depth here is stunning ; Gabriel allows you to feel what he feels . A daring example of an artist whose willingness to share his turmoil has resulted in a moving experience .
 Peter Gabriel 's studio CD 's are so few and far between it 's always a treat when one is released . So it was in 1992 when `` Us '' was released to the world . The follow-up to his smash `` So '' , Us '' incorporates much more of the World Music influence Peter had been exploring . `` Us '' also incorporates Peter 's typical brilliant song writing and melodies.This is a record about relationships for the most part and it opens with the plea of `` Come Talk To Me '' that is so relatable to so many . The beauty of Peter 's music shines in the next two tracks , who ca n't relate to `` Love To Be Loved '' . No matter the trials of relationships , no matter the problems we may encounter in them , who does n't `` Love to Be Loved '' . Beautiful is the best word to use to describe the exquisite Blood Of Eden '' featuring the backing vocals of Sinead O'Connor -LRB- say what you will about Sinead , there can be no denying this woman 's astounding voice -RRB- . O'Connor also provides backing vox on the opening track . Other highlights of this CD include the self exploration of `` Digging In The Dirt '' , the `` Sledgehammer '' - like `` Steam '' and the closing masterpiece `` Secret World '' , an even more stunning track when performed live.Of the ten tracks on the CD , only two , `` Only Us '' and `` Fourteen Black Paintings '' , fall below standard to my ears . Otherwise , another splendid release from a legendary artist .
 The passage of time of has shown this CD to be one of Gabriels best . While adorned with a complex soundscape this album is full of the right melodies to support the heavy material that is at the CDs core . Yes , the predominant focus on hurt , marital infidelity and pain can be difficult and could seem self absorbed , as many professional reviewers of the disc apparently felt . What they fail to understand is the the music , melodies and rhythm are completely in tune with and support the themes.I picked the CD up again in anticipation of seeing Gabriel on his upcoming tour and found that the music had matured and deepened on subsequent listenings . I hope you enjoy.Peter
 A friend of mine in California sent this to me in New York and explained that she discovered an obscure songwriter who had a gift with lyrics and melodies . She was right . This guy is a masterful songwriter . The production , while not sleek , does n't obscure the core elements of emotion , storytelling and reflections on subjects ranging from the ghosts of lovers and ancestors , to the liberation of finding a new home in the peaceful Pacific Northwest . The guitar work is at times simply stunning -- as good as it gets . I 'm a big fan of David Wilcox , Jonatha Brooke and Suzanne Vega , and this guy is in good company with these other artists . I sent him an email and he wrote back saying that he loves Seattle , performed at the Pacific Northwest Folklife Festival last fall , but that he may move back to the east coast this year , so I hope to see him live at the Bottom Line when he starts touring the Northeast again .
 The poetic images painted by Karl Valentine have a freshness that extends his own personal colors to those of his listeners with identifiable commonality . The title track , MISSOURI RIVER , is a paen to both the journey and the place . I felt the purposefulness of the ` crossing over ' and the internalizing of the journey within . In staying power , this number may be the strongest of the disc . CLOSER TO MY DREAMS evokes a universal joy when he who longs for change reaches forth in courage to ` feel the wind in -LSB- his -RSB- hair going through the ` Cascade Pass '' . I caught a sense of impatience in DEEPER MEANING , hearing in it a teacher 's voice . A similar sound imbues THE QUESTION ON YOUR MIND , explaining yourself to someone very much more naieve
 In a gentle , lower register tenor , Karl Valentine sings love songs to places and people . His phrasing is almost like a spoken conversation , lending a particularly haunting feeling to the third track , `` I 'm Falling '' . Most of the tunes remind me of sunlight breaking through storm clouds . The able backup by sensitively musical Tipke illuminate the subtleties of the emotions , some quite raw , which Valentine tenderly draws.Very , very nice work !
 Missouri River is a solid debut album from a songwriter who weaves rich guitar textures together with poignant lyrics and heartfelt vocals . Karl James Valentine is a songwriter 's songwriter ; his lyrics are touching , real , and honest ; his guitar work deep . I hear echos of Dylan and James Taylor on this disc , but it 's clear that KJV has his own style . I 'm ready to buy his follow-up release .
 Karl James Valentine has made an album of sincere and honest emotion . He has explored the depths of his own existence and transformed these findings into a record of beautiful music . His words have meaning , and his musicianship is honed from years of live performances . Joel Tipke adds a nice touch with his work on electric guitar . This album is a must have for anyone who appreciates the craft of songwriting . Looking forward to his next album !
 A profound and introspective album , Mr. Valentine 's voice and lyrics will lead you first hand through a roller coaster of emotions . The album only gets better through repeated listenings . Keeping alive the rich tradition of Bob Dylan and James Taylor , true storytellers who craft their tales with melody , Mr. Valentine is a rare find amidst the one-song wonders that fill the airwaves today .
 The `` What Do You See '' maxi CD single is a classic in its own right . The original `` What Do You See '' song is a excellent work of art , but the mixes on this CD took it to a completely different level , the semi dark phatt bass synthesizers sounds accompinied with dancable trance like rythems make it a classic . This album will always be known to those who know it as a defining moment in the Synth-pop era.There are a couple of versions that sound like they are the studio demo for the finished product , they have a more grungy guitar type feel , not really the synth sound they are known for , but it is interesting to hear the different version 's . If you are a C & E fan this is a must have .
 Cause & Effect is a great group and this is one of their rarest recordings . The tracklisting is as follows . Side one `` What do you see ? '' Radio Remix 4:10 . Side two `` What do you see ? '' Album version 4:13 . This is the only format in which the radio remix was commercially available . It has a unique drum intro and the mix is different than any other version . In my opinion this is the best version of this song.The Album version is the album version that was included on the original independent Exile release -LRB- Later the album was rereleased as `` Another Minute '' by Volcano/BMG music . The BMG version contained a different version of `` What do you see ? '' than the Exile release -RRB- . Both Versions are great .
 The two songs on this album -LRB- I heard the original `` What Do You See '' on a local radio station before Thanksgiving 1991 , how I remember such times - have been recording radio since fifth grade -RRB- . Took 17 years to hear this music again . What would we do without the Internet?The version on Another Minute is far from these similar versions . I do n't like that ` industrialized ' version . -LRB- I am not into today 's style of music anyway - what happened to the good old times ? -RRB- Good thing to bring back a childhood memory.Perhaps the rarest album ever purchased . Wish this were more mainstream !
 This lush , lovely concert from one of Brasil 's great divas takes a long look at the music of her life and leaves you wanting more , even after 2 + hours ! I 'll refer you elsewhere to find out more about Maria Bethania , but this DVD is for anyone who likes her music even a little bit.Bethania herself is an institution , and she gives all of herself in this performance . The elaborate production does not detract from the intimacy of the performance , although I got a little tired of some of the excessive camera cuts and wished they would just leave it alone sometimes . The backing musicians are all first-rate , and the interplay among all of the performers is something to see . Even in an obviously well-rehearsed show , there is a lot of playfulness and space , and the joy they all take in sharing this music is evident.The song list is extensive , ranging from decades-old material to more recent songs , and serves as a primer on bossa nova and MPB -LRB- musica populara brasilera -RRB- , not to mention tropicalia , from the latter half of the 20th centurty . Many are combined in fascinating and poignant ways -LRB- I would n't call them medleys -RRB- that pay homage to composers and singers.The extra interview with Bethania about lyrics and poetry is fascinating ; words have always been as important as music for her . I recommend watching that.One very good thing about this DVD is that the subtitles include the lyrics of the songs , something I wish was done on more music DVDs .
 Being a diehard Bethania fan , you would find it biased : she is just like good wine ... better every day as TEMPO passes by all us.Her dramatic abilities and gorgeous contralto shine in this DVD offering that showcases her 2005 tour supporting her Vinicius tribute.From the opening chords of OLHA MARIA you know you are in for a treat.She rescues Brazilian classics such as NOS COMBATES DESTA VIDA & CHUA CHUA with gusto and then pays homage to Chico Buarque -LRB- TEREZINHA , OLHOS NOS OLHOS -RRB- and brother Caetano -LRB- TEMPO , TEMPO ; RECONVEXO -RRB- . Overall , a magnificent musical product
 I love this performance of Bethania . Unfortunately , my copy does not have subtitles in English even though it 's listed as an option .
 Este concerto &egrave; uma grande demostraao de talento , a irma de Caetano sempre &egrave; uma grande artista , tudo o mundo sabe disso !
 It 's nice to here a CD of southern rock and other American blends that is n't packed with screaming electric guitars or drowning , boring sad ballads and uninteresting vocals . This CD has re-established my faith in the ability of musical artist to create great music with acoustic instuments .
 Nice to hear something a little different . I think the song selection fits the format and the sound is really good . Why not jump on the `` unplugged '' band wagon .
 Stripped is a great Stones live album mainly because they do many of their early work from when they started out . Recorded onthe Voodoo Lounge tour , the cd carries many highlights . If you ` rea fan who just wants to hear the band play hits like Satisfactionand Brown Sugar , this is not the album for you . But if you wouldlike to hear the band 's early songs from their pre-Satisfaction days , then this is definitely your album.Stripped features the band doing their acoustic-based songs . While Street Fighting Man , Wild Horses and Angie are known to allStones fans , the album features lost gems from long ago . Let ItBleed was a memorable album , and the title track is featured herein a version that beats the original at its own game . The countrytune Dead Flowers from Sticky Fingers is here , and blasts theoriginal into rock 'n' roll oblivion . Not Fade Away was their first American hit single in 1964 , so it 's a nice inclusion . Theoriginal version was more like a Bo Didley tune , while the version here has more a steamy , provocative feel to it , and it has nice harmonica fills by Mick . Dead Flowers from 1971 's StickyFingers is here , and , like Let It Bleed , blasts the original intorock 'n' roll oblivion . The Exile On Main Street track Shine ALight has a nice , gospelly feel to it , with good piano playing byChuck Leavell . The Spider And The Fly is a devillish track thatwas the Stones ' first stab at recording their own blues tunesrather than covering songs by their heroes . Their cover of BobDylan 's Like A Rolling Stone has become a highlight of their liveshows , and it has a beautiful harp solo . Their some other reallygreat live tracks that I have n't mentioned yet , but that willspoil the rest of the album for you loyal Stones fans . But I willtell you that there are some great tracks culled from rehearsals.It is great to hear the spooky Robert Johnson blues Love In Vain , and the band is brilliant . Sweet virginia is a forgotten Stonesmasterwork . It is done here with great flare . And their cover ofWillie Dixon 's blues Little Baby is a nice treat from the band.Stripped is a nice surprise from the band .
 This is the Stones at their best . Mick sounds better than ever . This recording is full of their great old songs played in great bluesy style . `` Shine a Light '' , Spider and the Fly '' , `` Sweet Virginia '' , `` Love in Vain '' -LRB- I could list nearly every song on this album -RRB- sound better and clearer than ever . This is a must for any Stones enthusiast or fan who loves the old , bluesy Stones .
 This is the best `` UNPLUGGED '' , album of the 90 's ... Period !!! It is also the best stones cd , since the 80 's ... Period !!! I wish it was longer -LRB- ADD BROWN SUGER , HIDE YOUR LOVE - which would be great , because it 's a missing gem and a blues song -RRB- . Maybe on a remaster ???? Man this album is to good not to add a few more songs -LRB- length is a little short -RRB- , and re-sell it again ... '' I know I would buy 4 of them '' . Thanks STONES for the best album of the 90 's ... '' at least with ROCK-in-ROLL '' .
 The Stones are doing small theaters on the CD , as well as recording rehearsals and just messing around a bit . Since they usually are finely produced , this cd is a little peek behind the curtain . It is great fun .
 There are interesting facts about the released of stripped : - Basically it is an `` unpugged album '' from the Stones . - It was the very first interactive cd.When I first bought this cd , it was the very first interactive multimedia record ever done -LRB- booklet came with instructions , intercative material , etc. . . also appears the very first Rolling stones site , by 1994 whe the internet was so new , the site shows only merchandise in just a few pages , all those years ago -RRB- , it is very interesting looking and hearing `` hidden tracks '' . Also , during the Voodoo Lounge tour , the Stones perform some `` surprise gigs '' in some cities.In the time of the Unplugged records , this is a testimony of great tracks recorded in a different way we used to hear the Stones.It is a great album , quite diferent , and of course `` Like a Rolling Stones '' , a classic made a classic .
 Agree with most comments as this is a very good live album compared to other live Cds of the stones especially the recent , I was lucky to have attended the Brixton Academy club gig and I must say it was a night that I will never forget , the only pitty on the Cd is that there arenot a few more tracks on the Stripped Cd they played that night as they were on fire -LRB- and it already was very hot at the venue , so you can imagine -RRB- Nico
 One of my favorite Stones CD 's . I have a twelve disk changer and this one does not stay out of the car long .
 ... which really is n't saying much , given ` Still Life , ' and ` Flashpoint . ' With that said , I do n't mean to minimize this cd either . It has the feel of a small club performance , not a washed out live stadium show . The Stones found a way to breath life into their monster hits from the late 60 's / early 70 's with a degree of intimacy that 's really unexpected . I also liked hearing their new take on ` Shine a Light ' and ` Dead Flowers . '
 Stripped is yet another live album by the Stones , but it is very different from their previous live efforts . They play in an almost unplugged type setting , focusing on their acoustic based songs . Also , their are alot of album cuts from the Let It Bleed to Exile On Main Street period like the masterful `` Dead Flowers '' , the great `` Shine A Light '' and the bluesy `` Love In Vain '' . They do excellent takes on bigger hits such as the majestic `` Wild Horses '' and the beautiful `` Angie '' . They dip way back into their catalog for cover versions of songs from their first couple of albums including `` Not Fade Away '' and `` The Spider & The Fly '' as well as an early Jagger-Richards number , `` I 'm Free '' . They had never recorded a Bob Dylan song in their long history , but they finally do here and it is appropriately `` Like A Rolling Stone '' . It is a spirited version of the song . Stripped is a nice surprise from the band and a great listen .
 In the early 1990s virtually everybody from Eric Clapton to Nirvana released an Unplugged record . The Rolling Stones did n't . In several of the songs recorded for Stripped -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , Keith Richards and Ronnie Wood play electric guitars . So all those who had some appetite for an unplugged Rolling Stones record were probably left a little unhappy.That said , Stripped is a really nice live record especially for their hard-core fans . Most of the live records that the Stones have released over time , from ` Get yer ya-ya 's out ! -LRB- 1970 -RRB- onward -LRB- with the possible exception of Still Life , 1982 -RRB- , were centered around classic Rolling Stones hits such as Honky Tonk Women , Satisfaction , Sympathy for the Devil , Jumpin ' Jack Flash and , more recently , Start me up . Stripped represents a step in a different direction as most of the songs recorded live for this album are the sometimes unjustly neglected Stones B-Side . The Stones recorded one song from their 1969 album . Interestingly what they played was Let it bleed instead of Gim me Shelter or You ca n't always get what you want . There are three songs from Sticky Fingers -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , but two of the them -LRB- Dead Flowers and Love in Vain -RRB- are not neraly as well known as Brown Sugar . Two of the songs that appear on Stripped were originally released in Exile on Main Street -LRB- 1972 -RRB- . But even in this case , the Stones opted for Sweet Virginia and Shine a Light , instead of performing the superfamous Tumbling Dice or Happy.But the overall quality of Stripped is great and record is nice treat not only for Stones fans . A final note is order , this is the second record with Darryl Jones on bass and it just shows how well he blended with the rest of the band not only in studio but also in live performances .
 Stripped was released Nov 10 , 1995 . It was recorded earlier the same year during the Voodoo Lounge tour and it was the Stones 7th live album . The tracks on the album were actually recorded as follows : ... May 26/27 at the Paradiso in Amsterdam -LRB- Keith said this was the best show the band ever did -RRB- ... July 3 at the Olympia in Paris ... July 19 at the Brixton Academy in London -LRB- probably their most famous club show -RRB- Most people know the music , so in my reviews I try to give you data on the sessions and interesting facts connected with the songs and the album . Here we go : There is a Japanese import version of the CD that includes one additional live track , Black Limousine -LRB- which was also released on a Japanese CD single -RRB- . In addition , there was a special UK version of the CD -LRB- often referred to as a CD + -RRB- that included material from the CD-ROM Voodoo Lounge -LRB- which was released simultaneously with the Stripped album -RRB- , interviews with the band , and live video clips of backstage jamming on Shattered and Tumbling Dice , as well as part of the live recording of Like A Rolling Stone and the complete lyrics for all the songs on the album.The album has strong fan support because it is a thoughtful album with a focus on musicianship . It includes their first Dylan tune , Like A Rolling Stone , which was also released as a CD single and Wild Horses , also released as a CD single , both released only in the UK . It also has one new song from their early setlists that they had never released ... Willie Dixon 's Little Baby . Other songs from the same shows that were recorded for Stripped but which were released on CD singles and did not appear on the album are : ... Black Limousine -LRB- UK Like A Rolling Stone single -RRB- ... All Down The Line -LRB- UK Like A Rolling Stone single -RRB- ... Live With Me -LRB- UK Wild Horses single -RRB- ... Gim me Shelter -LRB- UK Wild Horses single -RRB- -LRB- `` Old Gods '' author Stephen Davis calls this the greatest single performance of their career -RRB- In addition there were two songs that appeared only on the interactive CD + version of the album : ... Shattered ... Tumbling DiceInteresting notes include : ... the tour included 126 shows seen by 8,000,000 fans and grossing a half * billion * dollars , making it the largest , most successful tour by anyone ever ... Dylan really did write Like A Rolling Stone about the band , he has always been a great fan of theirs and they have spent a lot of time together over the years ... there are two bootleg boxed sets that some people have said had to have come from the Stones themselves -LRB- one bootlegger even included a track of himself haggling with Mick over the price of the tapes -RRB- . They are known as Voodoo Brew and Voodoo Stew and offer rehearsals and alternative mixes of the Voodoo Lounge and Stripped recordings ... an incredible and little known interactive CD-ROM -LRB- called Voodoo Lounge -RRB- was released simultaneously with the Stripped album . It requires gamers to find hidden doors during a party in the Voodoo Lounge . The doors lead to a private lounge where the Stones are waiting to personally show you their favorite blues artists performing on video -LRB- Muddy Waters , Sonny Boy Williamson , Big Bill Broonzy , Howlin ' Wolf , Otis Redding , T-Bone Walker , Otis Rush , Son House , Buddy Guy , Willie Dixon , Koko Taylor , John Lee Hooker , Hank Williams , Little Walter , Robert Johnson , & Elmore James , . The CD includes 9 songs not on Stripped -LRB- Love Is Strong , I Go Wild , and Sparks Will Fly , Blinded By Rainbows , Jump On Top Of Me , Out Of Tears , Thru & Thru , The Works , You Got Me Rocking -RRB- . This information comes from `` It 's Only Rock And Roll
 The energy level may be a little low due to the acoustic nature of most of this live album , but the musicianship is way high . You could think of this album as semi unplugged . The boys are on their game that 's for sure . Marvelous slide and lead playing from Ron Woods , while Keith puts in some of his best and most soulfull vocals I 've ever heard him do and of course his guitar playing is impeccable . Charlie Watts is a freaking rock , he 's the man . And then there 's Mick who puts in some of the best singing I 've heard him do in years . His harmonica adds a really nice touch on many of the songs . The keyboard playing by Chuck Leavell both piano and organ are just great . The band sound like they 're having fun and are really feeling the music . Like I said the energy is n't at the high level of Get Yer Ya Ya 's Out but the playing is tighter , funkier and soulfull . These guys just keep getting better with age . If this album were longer I 'd have given it 5 stars .
 During the Rolling Stones last tour , Philadelphia Inquirer rock critic Tom Moon urged the band to perform the `` back country '' of its career
 This album feels like you invited Mick and the boys into your living room for a little jam session . Me and my 6-string like to jam right along with them from time to time . This is a great album for those of us who have n't cared for the last 15 + years of the Rolling Stones . I still love 'em ; but I love 'em best when they play the old songs I love so much . This one is chock full of classics that were n't radio mainstays
 This 1995 live album is one of the best Stones albums ever . The album is more like an MTV Unplugged special , but with some electric guitars . It features early songs like '' Not Fade Away '' , '' I 'm Free '' and '' The Spider And The Fly '' . It also features excellent versions of the big hits '' Angie '' , '' Wild Horses '' , and '' Street Fighting Man '' . And no Stones live album would be complete without at least one song sung by Keith Richards , in this case the bluesly ballad '' Slipping Away '' . The album also features 3 songs from rehearsals
 The album title says it all - The Stones in `` stripped down '' mode ... and , boy , is it excellent!This has got to be their most intimate album ever recorded . Listening to it honestly makes me feel like I 've got a front row seat in the nightclub where it was recorded ... . and loving every moment of the sounds coming out of my speakers.Good job , fellas ... 7th live album or 1-6 , this one 's a keeper !
 It may seem at first glance that this would be a truly raw live set raunchier than , say , even `` Get Yer Ya-Ya 's Out '' but in actuality the songs come out very polished . Songs that were produced during periods when the group was less pop-concious , like `` Sweet Virginia '' or `` Shine A Light '' -LRB- both from Exile On Mainstreet -LSB- 1972 -RSB- -RRB- come out as slick , clean tunes . The set has been titled `` Stripped '' but in actuallity this music sounds as crisp and clean as it ever will . Jagger seems to follow the lyrics close enough as opposed to other live sets where he seems to stray , sacrificing lyrical accuracy for glam posturing . Keith and the rest of the band are in top form and sound as good they ever have , and so do the songs . One who is daring might say that most of these songs sound better now than they did upon their original release . Songs like `` Street Fighting Man '' that may not seem to be wise candidates for an acoustic-based set are handled well . Nevermind the corny album cover , this is probably the last of the best of The Stones live or otherwise .
 While the Stones have excelled often in the studio and their live shows are platinum entertainment events , the musical quality of their live performances has been spotty over the years , the demands of musicianship often being subservient to the controlled chaos and subpar sound quality of arena rock . While the Stones have released lots of live performances , only two of these albums are among their greatest
 I 've only been a serious Stones fan since the late 80 's . `` Steel Wheels '' was really my first Stones album and I 've followed them ever since , and have slowly gone back buying selected albums , mostly after reading posts and comments on the Amazon boards . And of course , because of my tardiness getting into the Stones , all these old songs are , virtualy , brand new to me . And I simply love `` Stripped . '' And the production is so clean . Just great .
 The Stones have created their best live recording of their career . From the explosive `` Street Fighting Man '' to the gentle `` Angie '' to the bluesy `` Dead Flowers '' , this recording has all the elements that make the Rolling Stones so popular , and along with The Who , the best live rock bank of all time . -- `` DL ''
 If you 're tired of Rolling Stones live albums with the same tracks on just about every one of them , then `` Stripped '' is your album . Almost completely devoid of hit singles -LRB- `` Angie '' is the real exception , though `` Wild Horses '' was a minor hit -RRB- . Every song here has never or rarely been perfromed in concert . `` Stripped '' is a sparse , acoustic live album . Kicking off with the driiving strums of `` Street Fighting Man '' , every song here is better than the next . `` Like A Rolling Stone '' beats Dylan 's original version by a long shot . They revive their first hit , Buddy Holly 's `` Not Fade Away '' , with a completely different take from the original version by Holly or their subsequent , Bo Didley - style cover . `` Shine A Light '' is a gospel rave - up from `` Exile On Main Street '' , while `` The Spider And The Fly '' is a raunchy 1965 blues . `` I 'm Free '' moves along nicely , while `` Wild Horses '' is great as always . `` Let It Bleed '' is fun and sincere , while `` Dead Flowers '' is fun and insincere . `` Slippin ' Away '' features a powerful Kieth vocal , while `` Angie '' is just magical . In addition to these 11 tracks , 3 tracks from rehearsals have been added for your listening pleasure . `` Love In Vain '' has a great Woody slide riff , `` Sweet Virginia '' sways effortlessly , and Wille Dixon 's `` Little Baby '' ends the album on a high note.This album is truly magical . The Stones once more prove that they always will be The Greatest Rock And Roll Band In The World '' .
 One of the first stones Tapes I bought with the belief that `` every car should have a rolling stones tape in it '' the songs are mostly all excellent , not all of them are well known , but it was a constant in my tape deck and I could listen to it over and over and not worry much about traffic , sadly my tape broke a month or so ago , but this is definitely a great album by a great band
 Anyone who thinks the Stones are a flicker of their former selves has n't heard this album . These modern re-recordings of some lesser-known gems from Mick and the boys sound incredible . The sound quality is outstanding and the talent of these rock legends is unmistakable . If you 're a Stones fan , this is a must . If not , this CD will make one of you .
 Yet another live Stones album , but it 's good . Like most live albums from these guys , you get a combination of spendidly done covers -LRB- by the world 's most underrated cover band -RRB- and Stones standards . My favorites are
 This is a wonderful addition to the Stones legacy -- with emphasis on the acoustic guitar . You can hear every strum , every nuanced lick by magicians Keith and Ronnie -LRB- and sometimes Mick , I would imagine , plus very sharp harmonica -RRB- that is sometimes lost in the electric versions , classic and irreplaceable though the originals are . Nothing will take the place of the originals , but these acoustic tracks are so different and enjoyable that I consider this a MUST-HAVE for any Stones fan . Five stars all the way !
 The song selection and `` unplugged '' vibe of this album is great , but it sounds kind of phoned in . I was hoping for something along the lines of Nirvana unplugged where the artist really strips down and exposes the raw , visceral , fragile , beautiful , and pure origin of his muse , or at least something approaching that . Instead this kind of sounds like the boys got together on the weekend , had a couple beers , maybe smoked a joint , just chilled out and threw down a jam . I mean it 's The Stones ; it 's great , and the set list is incredibly delicious but the way it 's being performed is more laid back and relaxed than immediate and vital . Highly recommended , highly enjoyable , but do n't expect it to reveal any new layers of the material as it 's being presented here .
 This album is great , one of the most fun to listen to ALBUMS , the stones have ever made . What is so GOOD is there are BLUES songs on it . AND THE ROLLING STONES REALLY SHINE on those songs . `` SO , MICK AND KEITH ... please so us fans a favor and make an all BLUES COVER CD . END YOUR CAREERS THE WAY YOU STARTED and everybody loved >> >> THE BLUES !!!!! Aerosmith , did this , recently with HONKIN ON BOBO ... and it is allready sold over 600,000 copies . Not only was it great , it made there fans happy . NOW MAKE THE STONES FANS happy ... MICK and KEITH -LRB- MAKE A BLUES ALBUM ... all blues rolling stones style . -RRB- . I WILL BUY 10 of them , so will AMERICAN ROCKERS . I promise . Heck with what your RECORD LABEL thinks or says ... YOUR THE BOSSES ... do what you want , we want ... ALL BLUES RECORD .
 I read that Charlie called this an overlooked live Stones album that he considered on of their best . After listening to this , I agree . Stunning song selection , filled with gems and treasures . A must for the diehard Rolling Stones fan !
 Oh man , this is such a good album . One of their best in years . I hope they do another one soon just like it .
 This is the best live Stones album since Get Yer Ya Ya 's Out . Mick Jagger has never sounded better . There is a great version of Memory Motel with Dave Matthews -LRB- and Keith Richards -RRB- and a good mix of old favorites and new Stones tunes . A must for every Stones fan .
 This is a great live album , although some songs are from the recording studio . The better songs include Like a Rolling Stone , Street Fighting Man , Angie , etc. . Most of the songs are not well known . Some of the songs are not that great . I skip the last three songs on the album . Otherwise , it 's a great album and you should buy it .
 I was very pleased with my last purchase . The delivery was very prompt and shipped in perfect condition .
 One of the very best live offerings from the Stones , `` Stripped '' is culled from club dates in Amsterdam and Paris , as well as rehearsals in Tokyo and Lisbon.The sound is excellent , and much more intimate than on your average live album.The Rolling Stones do an excellent rendition of Bob Dylan 's `` Like A Rolling Stone '' with some powerful drumming from Charlie Watts , and a great take on Buddy Holly 's `` Not Fade Away '' , but it 's really impossible to talk about highlights here ... the entire CD is filled with some of the best performances the Stones have ever released.They also perform a wonderful live version of the soulful , gospel-like `` Shine A Light '' , and other rarely-played songs like `` The Spider And The Fly '' , `` I 'm Free '' and Robert Johnson 's `` Love In Vain '' . Also , this rendition of `` Wild Horses '' has to be the definitive take on that song , and the same can be said for the superb `` Dead Flowers '' -LRB- great solo by Ronnie Wood -RRB- , and the lean , bluesy `` Sweet Virginia '' . Many arrangements are primarily or solely acoustic , and Mick Jagger plays the harp on several songs , adding to the intimate atmosphere , as well as helping to make `` Stripped '' such a superb , soulful live album , a real gem , and an excellent purchase even for casual Stones fans.Highly recommended . I just do n't understand why this album is n't more highly regarded .
 The Stones have released so many live albums over the years that I was a skeptic when this first came out , thinking it was just the usual filler material between studio albums . But the intimate quality of `` Stripped '' proved me wrong and it stands as their best release since `` Tattoo You '' back in 1981 . Its great that we do n't have to hear the big hits recorded in concert from a huge venue done in the context of a world tour . For the most part , these are almost like studio recordings -LRB- in fact at least one of the tracks was done in studio -RRB- . And it was great to finally hear favorites like `` The Spider and The Fly '' , `` Dead Flowers '' , and `` I 'm Free '' done live , and then closing with Willie Dixon 's `` Little Baby '' . A very pleasant surprise indeed .
 Listening to this one , it really sounds like the Stones decided to do a live album , but they would play what they really liked playing , where they most liked playing - a small sweaty club . Like one of the other reviewers said , it 's like inviting them into you living room , though I 'd also say that presupposes you 've using some pretty good gear . They 're having fun , and it comes across . It 's one of the very few cases where the live recording sounds better than the originals , though that may be a matter of taste . I think maturity of the respective band members may have something to do with it also , and the effect of reduced scotch and bourbon consumption on Micks vocal cords ... The recording quality is also a lot better than on most of the originals , say what you want about Exile on Main St. , great Album , but the quality of the recording is not wonderful , the versions of Sweet Virginia and Dead Flowers on this CD are as good blues as you will hear anywhere . On this one , assuming you play it on Audiophile gear , you can really hear that it 's a decent recording . It 's far and away my most listened to Stones album . it 's a run through some of the best stuff they ever did , playing them because they want to and playing them where they have the most fun , and they sound the best , in a small club in Amsterdam mostly .
 This 1995 release from a concert tour is a little different thanthe other Stones live albums -LRB- '' Flashpoint '' , '' Love You Live '' , '' Get Yer Ya - Yas ' Out '' , etc. -RRB- . This one focuses more on theiracoustic - based songs . But who cares ? It 's a great album ! Thealbum opens with the crashing acoustic guitar sound of '' StreetFighting Man '' . When you have Stones classics like that on one oftheir live albums , you know it 's great . Another great thing aboutthis album is that it features songs from their early albums thatnever perform in concert . Among one of those songs that is on thealbum is the Buddy Holly song '' Not Fade Away '' , which in 1964was the first hit the band had in America . It also features thegreat little - known masterpiece '' Shine A Light '' . We also get the great blues song '' The Spider And The Fly '' , the excellent '' I 'm Free '' , and an exemplary version of the classic smash hit '' Wild Horses '' . After that is comforting , beautiful version of '' Let It Bleed '' . After that cames another little - known master-piece , '' Dead Flowers '' . And no Rolling Stones live album iscomplete with at least one song sung by Keith Richards , and onthis one , he does the bluesly '' Slipping Away '' . After that we get one of the Stones best - known and best - loved songs , '' Angie '' . After that comes three songs culled from rehearsals.The first two , '' Love In Vain '' and '' Sweet Virginia '' , are twomore little - known masterpieces . The album then closes with theblues classic '' Little Baby '' . While the album lacks the sheerbrilliance of albums like '' Flashpoint '' and excellent '' Get YerYa - Yas ' Out '' , it 's still a must - have for any Stones fanatic .
 I heard the cover of Dylan 's `` Like a Rolling Stone '' on the radio and had to buy this CD . After several listens , I 've decided `` Stripped , '' a semi-acoustic , mostly-live effort , does not knock my teeth out and has weak spots but is nonetheless very enjoyable.I should probably say I 'm a huge fan of the Stones ' music . For my money , their mature musical skills make up for their failure to release an album of new material that compels my interest since `` Tattoo You . '' Those who think the Stones have been washed up for 30 or 40 years , or who are Beatles fans who think you ca n't like both , should probably stop reading now.High points are some of the older , less known songs like `` The Spider and the Fly , '' -LRB- which my husband thought was a cover but is actually one of their early compositions -RRB- and material from their peak Banquet-Exile period that does not get much airplay , like `` Sweet Virginia '' and `` Love in Vain . '' FM radio staples like `` Angie , '' `` Wild Horses '' and `` Street Fighting Man , '' which could easily have been subject to going-through-the motions efforts , are performed with energy , commitment and precision.On the down side , I usually look forward to Keith 's lead vocal , but I find `` Slipping Away '' to be a dull , airport-Holiday-Inn-lounge kind of ballad . `` Dead Flowers , '' an all-time favorite , is played too fast , a real disappointment.Fortunately , CD players let us skip the songs we do n't care for , and 12/14 strong songs is good enough for me . This has been a worthy addition to my collection of the Stones ' music .
 Having been an institution since the better part of the 1970 's , who could have predicted that this would stand by and far as the Stones ' most valuable live document ? They take some worthy risks here -LRB- e.g. `` Like A Rolling Stone '' -RRB- and they dig out a number of excellent obscurities.Now they do n't improve -LRB- or make worse -RRB- `` Angie '' . But the stupidly overlooked `` Let It Bleed '' still sounds fine . They magnificently revamp `` Not Fade Away '' into a shuffle that 's more akin to the Buddy Holly original , but with just enough of that Bo Diddley beat . The greatest revelation of all , however , is the unearthing of one of Mick and Keith 's best , `` The Spider and The Fly '' . They manage to redefine this 1965 nugget by combining blues guitars and piano against the backdrop of a jazzy rhythm . Jagger 's understated vocal and slight lyrical alteration serve this cut perfectly . A stone-cold classic like a miracle out of nowhere.The three rehearsal pieces that conclude this CD are essential too . This may be my favorite version of `` Love In Vain '' ever . I never tire of my beloved `` Sweet Virginia '' performed with equal gusto as the `` Exile '' classic . And they show what they 're all about on Willie Dixon 's `` Little Baby '' . Celebrate as Mick lets his hair down , reaches for his harmonica and sings looser than ever . Pinch yourself in listening to Keith and Ronnie ground the music in authenticity by playing the roles of the elder bluesmen they always envisioned themselves to be . And marvel at the way that Charlie lays down his jazz groove like never before .
 Mick Taylor was quoted as saying that when he first rehearsed with the Stones in 1969 , he could n't believe how bad they were - too loose , too loud , '' like a garage band '' . Well `` Stripped '' just goes to show how far a garage band can improve with a few years ' practice . This little outfit is ultra tight - Richards and Woods mesh to perfection and the strength of the Watts/Jones rhythm section must have left Bill Wyman crying into his chip fryer . Jagger 's singing is more varied and expressive than in his stadium rock outings and the choice of material is more original than their usual live album stuff . Dead Flowers , Spider and the Fly , Let it Bleed and Slipping Away stand out however there is n't a duff song on the entire album . When it comes to live Stones , this is second only to `` Get Yer Ya Yas Out '' . No shame in that - `` YYs '' is the best ever live album by anybody .
 If you 're looking for the `` atmosphere '' of a live show , look elsewhere . But if your looking for some great Rolling Stones tunes that you do n't often get to hear , this is a great choice . With the feel of an Unplugged show , although much of it is indeed plugged , the Stones dig out some of their more country/blues material that 's perfectly suited to the setting . Although they kick things off with the rocking `` Street Fighting Man '' , the general mood is considerably more laidback . The inclusion of little-known gems such as the gospelly `` Shine a Light '' , the slithery blues of `` The Spider & the Fly '' , the bopping 60 's soul feel of `` I 'm Free '' , the country twang of `` Dead Flowers '' , & the jaunty old-time blues of `` Sweet Virginia '' were strokes of genius . They 're naturals at Dylan 's `` Like a Rolling Stone '' -LRB- dare I say this is the definitive version ?? -RRB- . `` Let It Bleed '' fits in nicely with the rest of the set . `` Wild Horses '' & `` Angie '' were obvious choices . The only serious drawback for me was the agonizing `` Slipping Away '' , -LRB- although I suppose it 's worth it if the only way to keep Keith in the band is to let him sing an occasional lead ! -RRB- . If you 're looking for another side of the Stones & you 're tired of the umpteenth live version of `` Satisfaction '' , etc. , you 'll love this CD .
 Stripped comprises 14 songs from Rolling Stones shows in small venues and `` unplugged '' studio performances . The settings were conducive to the sound quality necessary to make the many classic Stones ballads/slower songs , mostly country blues , that appear on this CD viable for commercial release , and the producers took advantage of the opportunity admirably . While I acknowledge that comparisons with concerts in large , noisy venues will be imperfect , the group 's performances on Stripped appear to be as strong as almost anything they delivered in previous live albums , and a point of emphasis is that the quality is quite consistent -LRB- by contrast , refer to Love You Live -RRB- . Mick 's singing is recorded well and is generally top notch . The instruments have a very clean sound , crisp with no dross or interference . This is immediately perceptible in the first track , a distinctly acoustic version of `` Street Fighting Man , '' and the only noncover that can be described as a rocker . The high point is the rendition of `` Like A Rolling Stone , '' which the group dishes out like real professionals and with feeling . Still , this CD is most important for those who like the sound of softer songs ranging from `` Wild Horses '' to `` The Spider and the Fly '' -LRB- and the group also dipped back into the vault for `` I 'm Free '' -RRB- . If you want to own only two Stones live CDs , this should be one of them .
 The Stones have actually put out a ridiculous number of live albums , some of which are quite good and remain in their catalogue justifiably . `` Stripped '' is by far the best , because in reality it is a bunch of alternative performances of some of their best songs that would n't sound good belted above the roar of a stadium sound system . Such as
 It 's not `` Get Your Ya-Ya 's Out , '' but then again , like the endless comparisons to `` Exile '' as far as studio stuff goes , its tough to compare their live recordings to that gem . Given all that , this is really good . What is remarkable is that while his peers have had to subdue their vocals with age , leaving us with Roger Daltry 's less than memorable screams -LRB- during yet another Farewell Tour -RRB- on `` Wo n't Get Fooled Again '' and Robert Plant 's `` Immigrant Song '' wail left only to history , Jagger can still reproduce his voice from four decades back because he chose a distinctively less pyrotechnical approach and filled much of his songs with affectations and falsetto . It really works in his favor on this set where on most songs -LRB- `` The Spider And The Fly , '' `` Dead Flowers , '' `` Let It Bleed '' to name a few -RRB- he sounds as good as he did when it first hit the record stores . Listening to Keith and Ronnie work together is nice albeit fans of the Mick Taylor years might balk at first when they hear Ronnie 's bottleneck work on `` Love In Vain '' or his less than flashy solo on `` Shine A Light . '' It 's a matter of style and I like the interplay between the two well enough to give Wood some slack . Keith sounds great and the endearing flub at the beginning of `` Love In Vain '' shows there is hope for all of us weekend guitarists . The song selection is excellent since we are saved from the umpteenth live version of `` Brown Sugar '' or `` Jumping Jack Flash , '' greats songs both , but I need not hear one more overblown stadium recording of either ever again -LRB- unless its from the '72 tour of course -RRB- . Instead , the fellows chose to pick some old chestnuts and some of the more popular era stuff rarely heard live . This is a great cd that only makes you wish it was twice as long . Opportunities to hear the Stones play live in such a casual and intimate atmosphere with the confidence to play songs spanning their entire forty -LRB- ! -RRB- year career are rare indeed . Enjoy .
 Playing on the early 90 's craze of unplugged concerts , The Stones got their capitalistic heads together and put this record out to a huge fan base desperate for an alternative to the uncreative , somewhat boring music the Stones had been creating for 15 years leading up to this release . And boy was it ever a great decision . From the first strum of Street Fighting Man , you can tell the Stones are back from the vaults , unfazed . The playlist is perfect ; Not Fade Away sounds as crisp and full of Bo Diddley as it ever did . Throughout , Jagger sings with purpose and feeling , while Keith Richards and Ron Wood get the wheels rolling with a great cast of additional musicians . What makes this album standout from all the other Stones live releases is the play of pianist Chuck Leavell , who adds the perfect touch of keyboard and honky tonk piano to cover the Stones lack of cohesion vocally . Leavell tears into beautiful , building scales and absords the Stones sound and pushes it further . The entire album is easily listenable , and enjoying . At no point do you even contemplate forwarding to another track . It 's really that good , especially when you compare it with official live Stones releases . .
 I had never heard a complete Rolling Stones Album before , I had always thought it of a different generation , something your parents talkabout and listen too . But if I never recommend another album as long as I live , I would like to offer this excellent example of acoustic and blusey late sixies fare to the world.Personally I am a miserable and despressive sort of chap , so the songs like ` Angie ' and ` Wild Horses ' are persoanl favourites . But when joined by the likes of ` Dead Flowers ' ` Shine a light ' and an excellent cover of the Dylan song ` Rolling Stone ' you have a perfect and very listanable album Buy it God Damn you !
 I have seen the Stones live just 3 times , at Altamont in 1969 , at Pac Bell Park in San Francisco -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , and at Petco Park in San Diego -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . This is the Stones album I play relentlessly in the car and on my Ipod - it just carries the day on every track . Each song is a nice take on other more-critically-acclaimed versions . However , when you sit back and want to let just one CD play through - this album is my favorite because it is more interesting , relaxing and fun . They really seemed to be enjoying their performance on each of these tracks , and technical excellence is not the goal - simple joy is . Why analyze to death ?
 The only thing wrong with this great listening cd , is it 's length . I wish the STONES would have added another old hit -LRB- like `` brown sugar '' -RRB- , and a old blues , hard to find song -LRB- like `` hide your love '' -RRB- ... TO THIS VERY WONDERFUL CD . !!! To be truthfull , it 's the best of all the unplugged cd 's on the market ... and frankly the best stones cd of the 90 's . THERE REALLY NEEDS TO BE ANOTHER ONE ... just like this - old songs , hit songs , rare songs , blues songs ------------- SO LISTEN-UP MICK . `` This is some good stuff '' . HECK !!! Go to the same places over again and record a SECOUND STRIPPED album.It 's worth every dime , I paid for it . Thanks for makeing one of my favorite CD 's of my LIFE .
 I own three live releases by the Rolling Stones . `` Got Live -LRB- if you want it -RRB- '' , `` Get Your Ya Ya 's Out ! '' and `` Stripped '' . As a musician who has been playing for over 40 years in various bands from reggae to rock to jazz I can tell you that Stripped is a far better set of performances than those on Get Your Ya Ya 's Out and , to state the obvious , `` Got Live ... '' . For some reason , many people think Ya Ya 's is the greatest live record of all time . That 's highly debatable - see my `` Get Your Ya Ya 's Out '' review that gives the reader an objective dose of reality -LRB- and people , I AM right about Get Your Ya Ya 's Out -RRB- . I 'm pleased to tell you that Stripped has far better musicianship and the sound , while preserving that `` loose '' Stones feel , is much tighter that the performances on Get Your Ya Ya 's Out . These guys used THIS release to strut their musicianship and it is excellent . Better than I 'd thought , that 's for sure.Most of the tracks on Stripped were recorded in front of a live audience but some are taken from rehearsals . This is basically an `` unplugged '' release -LRB- though there is plenty of electricity -RRB- . In general , this release has an acoustic flavor to it though it 's by no means a couple of guys strummin ' guitars with Jagger singing.Some of the tracks on Stripped are actually better performances than the originals , Shine a Light for example . The version of Street Fighting Man is by far the best live rendition I 've heard though no live version will ever remotely even approximate the original from Beggar 's Banquet.In summary , there are no `` stinker '' tracks on Stripped , they are all very good and some I dare say are truly great -LRB- and I do n't tend to like the Rolling Stones ' live releases -RRB- ! There 's even some friendly word play among the performers between tunes and a humorous false start of `` Love in Vain '' . Stripped is far more entertaining and enjoyable than Ya Ya 's in my opinion - regardless of what all those Ya Ya 's die hard fans might tell you . Ya Ya 's is good but this is much better .
 A decade ago , the Rolling Stones put out their `` Stripped '' CD . It still stands on its own merits after the intervening years very nicely , thank you.What sets this apart from other of their live albums is some of the lesser heard music . First and foremost , a Dylanesque version of `` Like a Rolling Stone . '' The Stones cover Bob Dylan 's iconic tune -- and do it well . If done poorly , this would be a joke ; but the Stones do it well and it becomes something of a tribute to one of the greatest songs in rock ` n roll history.Other songs that the Rolling Stones have covered over time make this a most enchanting CD
 I have an australian copy of this . track 15 -LRB- unlisted -RRB- is a live version of BLACK LIMOUSINE - Only available on cd single
 This is not an ` unplugged ' release , but is instead the Rolling Stones stripped of all frills . And it works . The CD is a bit heavy on ballads , but the no frills approach brings them to the listener with an emotional rawness that cuts through the jadedness of thirty years of arena rock . It 's also cute -LRB- how 's that as a word to describe the Stones ? -RRB- to hear them stumbling through Bob Dylan 's `` Like a Rolling Stone . '' `` Wild Horses '' and `` Dead Flowers '' are done to near-perfect effect , especially Mick Jagger 's sneering mockery on `` Dead Flowers . '' Nowhere better than this does Jagger demonstrate that fronting a band is a lot more than singing the words to the right tune . His whole tanging bearing makes this song replete with mocking and loathing . And their take on Robert Johnson 's `` Love in Vain '' is as gorgeous as I think the Stones will ever get . It 's an epiphany to hear Jagger sing delta blues both this close to the vest and this well . -LRB- But they 've got to give Robert Johnson credit in the notes . This ' -LRB- Adaptation and new words by M. Jagger/K . Richards -RRB- ' -LRB- crud -RRB- is disrespectful . -RRB- Their use of their back catalogue is hilarious . When I first heard Jagger 's change of the line ` She looked about thirty ' from 1965 's `` The Spider and the Fly '' to this CD 's `` She looked about fifty '' I howled with laughter . The Stones are great , and can legitimately claim to be the greatest rock band in the world -LRB- even if I think they 're wrong -RRB- , but it is their sense of humour and ability to not take themselves too seriously that make CDs such as this a treasure .
 Recorded live in Paris and Amsterdam , Stripped sets a mellow mood for any Blues fan . Reminiscent of the MTV Unplugged albums of the early 90 's , this album has been widely over looked . It contains a great selection of classic Stones songs including Let it Bleed , Dead Flowers , and a haunting version of Slipping Away . This album is quite delightful and a shining light for anyone 's collection .
 This compilation gives the most bang for the buck . I only wish `` Simple Man '' had made the set .
 This collection is the best bang for the buck I have seen as far as Skynyrd compilation discs . The only negative I could give it is that the classic `` Tuesday 's Gone '' is not in this set list .
 BUT , i 've found that this album has to grow on you -LRB- i know it certainly had to for ME -RRB- . Its really a fantastic album , but it does n't come anywhere near even touching his first release , though . If you dont already have his first album , get that one before this one , its awesome -LRB- and not just because of `` Solsbury Hill '' , which although very very cool , is n't the best song on the album -RRB- . Anywho , the one thing i 've found people most disslike about this release is its production job , courtesy King Crimson 's Robert Fripp . Its very very dry -LRB- probably the driest sounding album i 've ever heard -RRB- , but I feel that most of the tracks on here work much better that way . Its more alive and raw - more `` real '' , i guess you could say . My personal complaint is the performance itself . Although still very good , Pete 's singing just basically could have been done a bit better . Another thing , I dont see why people keep calling this such a `` dark '' album ... `` the darker side of peter gabriel '' ?? It really isnt all that dark sounding at all , with the exception of a couple of tracks , especially `` Exposure '' . Perhaps its the cover art , which as you can see IS rather `` dark '' -LRB- but COOL -RRB- . Best song
 Once again Peter knocks this out the park . I have had this for a while but it has been on a shelf . Many happy spins now in the cd player .
 After being disappointed with Peter 's first solo effort , I decided to embark on his second . I 'm glad I did . I thought Bob Ezrin 's producing of the first would make it a standout release -- however , I find Pete 's second album far superior . It seems he went back to some of his progressive roots and most the album is haunting , fun , and simply a great listen . What lacked on his first was the nice , slow ballad . But on this second release , he treats us to a number of slower songs . `` Mother of Violence '' is the stand out cut for me . It has a great melody , nice acoustic guitar , and the lyrics are haunting . Other cuts that I think stand out are `` D.I.Y. , '' `` Wonderful Day in a One-Way World '' is Genesis-like with it 's odd time-signature sound , `` White Shadow '' is another haunting ballad that is every bit as good as `` Mother of Violence , '' `` Indigo , '' and `` Animal Magic . '' To any Genesis fan-this is the album to start . Go back and get # 1 at a later date . Now-I 'm onto # 3 .
 Well well , here we are
 The first three Gabriel solo albums are incredibly diverse and sort staking out his ground . This is perhaps one of his best solo albums in my mind and an excellent follow up to the first which may have had some tentative steps . Here Peter is certainly back on sure footing and seems to know where he is going with his music . For me the music is far more interesting and musically appealing than his newer stuff . Even when he plays some of his older numbers it seems he has lost perspective on it . That being said Flotsam and Jetsam is a highlight though almost any number is right up there with anything he did with Genesis . The live performance of the material really made these songs stand out . Personally I 'm not exactly impressed with his World music , but if you want an idea of where Genesis could headed its all here .
 This is , as has been stated , PG 's transitional record from the Bob Ezrin bombast of the first -LRB- rainy car -RRB- album to the stripped-down , cymbal-less drumkits vision of the third -LRB- melting face -RRB- one . Here we find two of the principal figures in the progressive rock of the early 1970s -LRB- Gabes and Fripp -RRB- coming to terms with the `` D.I.Y. '' punk aesthetic in the decade 's latter half . I always found it awesome and not a little ironic that Fripp first essentially invented `` prog , '' -LRB- with King Crimson -RRB- which after a few years disappeared so far up its own ass that punk came about to return rock to its proletarian roots , yet some of his best production work happened on ostensibly `` punk '' records by Blondie and The Damned . But I digress.The highlight of this record for me is n't the punkier , harder-edged stuff -LRB- which is fantastic and a departure from what you might expect from these 2 guys -RRB- , but the more lyrical , proggier end of the spectrum , especially `` Mother of Violence '' -LRB- one of PG 's best songs ever -RRB- and the scorching `` White Shadow , '' which features perhaps Fripp 's single greatest 2 choruses of guitar solo ever put to tape to close out the first side of the original record -LRB- which had the Prophet 5 note at the end run endlessly to infinity in the run-out groove of the vinyl ! -RRB- . Earlier reviews suggesting that this album suffers from a kind of diffuse , jack-of-all-trades approach are n't entirely wrong , but you have to give credit to the creators for attempting a project which contained such a broad range of stylistic colors . And yes , it 's also got one of greatest album covers ever made , for sure .5 stars for the ambition , several of PG 's most memorable songs and the thoroughly wicked , hairs-standing-up-on-the-back-of-the-neck guitar molestation at the aforementioned climax of side 1 .
 I remember the first time I saw the PG II album cover , and my reaction was ` what the **** is he doing ? ' . I really liked the cover , but at the same time it made me uncomfortable . I felt the same way about the music when it first came out in 1978 , but over time it has become one of my favorite Gabriel albums.I 've always loved ` On The Air ' , from the opening guitar sonics to the line ' I want everybody to know - that Mozo is here ! ' , it 's a true classic , except I 've always thought the recording sounded like mud . Flat as a board . Until now . The SACD -LRB- important note
 It has been well documented that this album is perhaps the `` black shepp '' of the Peter Gabriel family of albums . Perhaps that is true , but indeed this is truly one of him most excellent albums . No , it is not one in which every track is strong , but the tracks that are indeed strong are much better than than most of his `` good '' tracks on other albums . For instance , `` White Shadow '' is the highlight of this album . This mini-epic 's whimisical ways will make you wish the 5 minute pluss long song was longer , for it seems that it is over too soon . `` On The Air '' and `` DIY '' are good little rockers that exhibit Peter 's voice in a different light from other albums . `` A Wonderful Day In A One Way World '' has the chorus which is almost like an anthem prompting one to sing along . And we must not forget `` Exposure '' , this songs infectious grooves makes one move with the music , the song is almost hypnotic at times!The only reason why this album was not given a full fledged five stars is because it does indeed have it 's uneven parts . Yet on a whole , it is very good and solid album , even better than his first solo album.No , as you may have read on this page already , this is probably not the best album to start out on , but if you are serious about his music and own or know So , Security , and Shakin The Tree , this would be a fine step in the next direction . Hear Peter at his possibly most obscure , it is one that is truly to enjoy amoung more serious fans .
 I 've heard alot of criticism about this album from both critics as well as a fair number of fans but for me being a HUGE fan of PG for years I brushed aside all of the sayings of this album and bought it new and I 'm very glad that I did . Unlike while most people find Robert Fripps production rather muddy but the remastered edition that I have is incredible . PG2 , released in the summer of 1978 is more than likely Peters least accessable album in his entire catalog . I ca n't believe that this underrated masterpiece was out of print for a period of time let alone that none of the songs on here were on the Shaking The Tree album . Thank goodness it was released remastered . OK OK so Peter recorded this album in the course of just six weeks so I thought that this album would sound sort of rushed but I must say that this CD is actually well put together , much better than I thought . Peter Gabriel was still in the experimental stages during this albums release year . Somewhat similar to some of the early Genesis music PG2 is a very good album that truly is a great purchase . The style of this album is light , relatively upbeat but yet dark in tone but it 's more like cloudy day dark as opposed to the frightening sinister feel of the Melting Face album . PG2 is his most obtuse , abstract , and most difficult record that he has ever put out . This album is like a rollercoaster that ranges from angry and rebellious and upbeat -LRB- In The Air , D.I.Y. Perspective -RRB- to bizarre -LRB- White Shadow , Exposure & Flotsam -RRB- to mellow & eerie -LRB- Flotsam & Jetsam -RRB- but overall the Scratch record is probably PGs most challenging album he has ever put out . Those whose taste is confined mostly to Sledgehammer & Big Time might not easily enjoy this album but I highly recommend this album to those who enjoy Gabriels more adventurous works . For those who liked the strangeness of Scratch this album is a good warmup to prepare yourself for the madness , the monochromic bleakness & the frightening darkness of the powerful 1980 Melting Face album .
 I think this one beats the biko-athmosphered later songs of his.This is true prog . rock at its best.He could only reach this level with So -LRB- and of course Shaking The Tree , which is a VERY good compilation -RRB- , but I would be happy 2 see a new compilation with some tracks from this CD , and of course containing his master-work Digging in the dirt.Anyone likes prog.rock will like this album , get it , it 's a very well done without any mistakes .
 This imaginative album brings us the best of the dark side of Peter Gabriel . The best songs are `` On The Air , '' `` D.I.Y. , '' `` Indigo , '' and `` Perspective . '' The other songs are also very good , despite some critics ' opinion .
 You have to be a certain kind of person to enjoy Peter Gabriel II - you have to appreciate dark , sometimes disturbing music , filled with strange and highly contrasting sounds ; and you have to be able to take in deep , allegorical , and often bizarre lyrics . If you think this applies to you , Peter Gabriel 's second album will probably affect you much more deeply than the average person . Those certain people - those who really Feel music - may find this to be a truly incredible musical work . Depending on who you are , certain songs may stick out in your mind after you hear them ... and once you experience these songs , you may never forget them . I wo n't lie - this album is Not for people who only like pop music , who only enjoy diving skin-deep into the musical world . This album is for those who are willing to go a bit further . This album is unusual from first song to last . It opens with ` On The Air ' , a song introducing the recurring character of Mozo , who would reappear both on this album and on several others done by Gabriel through the years ; this is followed by 'D . I.Y. ' , the closest thing to a hit that this album produced ; ` Mother Of Voilence ' has some extremely thoughtful lyrics , and was actually co-written by Peter 's wife ; ' A Wonderful Day In A One-Way World ' is filled with social commentary , while ` White Shadow ' has a very unique sound ; ` Indigo ' is somehow somber yet hopeful , and a favorite of many fans ; ` Animal Magic ' is unique and light for the album , while the highly contrasting ` Exposure ' is perhaps the darkest track on the album . Incidentally , this album was sort of a sister-album to Robert Fripp 's ` Exposure ' , which featured a different version of the song ; ` Flotsam and Jetsam ' is probably my favorite song of all time , and has that certain ability to Affect me , and I know there are those of you out there who understand ; ` Perspective ' is one of the lightest songs on the album ; and it finishes off with ` Home Sweet Home ' , which tells the sad story of a man who returns home from work to find ! that his wife had jumped out of a window with their child , killing both . Truly , Peter Gabriel II is dark , yet myself and many others consider it to truly be a masterpiece .
 I was surprised to see some relatively-negative comments directed towards PG 's second solo album . I recently re-visited this album after many years , and found that while some of the more popular albums -LRB- # 3 and Security -RRB- have not aged particularly well , this one stands the test of time . I would rate this as PG 's best solo album -LRB- or at least my favorite -RRB- . Not as pretentious as the albums that followed it , but darkly moving .
 This is a good c.d.I 'm glad I bought it.I have been hearing the songs on this record for a long time .
 This album has catchy melodies , deep rhythmic patterns , and thoughtful and profound lyrics . More than 35 years after it 's release , it could easily fit in today 's music as well as the ' 70 's .
 Every LP of his solo career is great music . He was the lead for Genesis , then went on a great solo career .
 Former Genesis frontman Peter Gabriel 's second solo album which was another self-titled effort -LRB- now nicknamed Scratch -RRB- was released in June of 1978 . At the time Peter made his second solo album , he decided to do an about face from his first self titled solo album from a year earlier -LRB- apart from retaining bass player Tony Levin and synthesizer expert Larry Fast -RRB- . Instead of Bob Ezrin producing , Peter Gabriel now had famed King Crimson guitarist/mastermind Robert Fripp producing the album and playing guitar on a few tracks plus guitarist Sidney McGuiness , drummer Jerry Marotta and saxophonist Timothy Capallo and pianist Roy Bittan from Bruce Springsteen 's E Street Band -LRB- Roy plays on much of the album -RRB- helping him on the album.The opening `` On the Air '' is a superb rocker about Mozo the pirate radio DJ broadcasting from his amateur radio station in a cabin by the river and this song is just incredible . `` DIY '' is next and was Gabriel 's homage to the punk ethos and punk rock scene that prevailed in the late '70s and another great song . Next is the ballad `` Mother of Violence '' which is a great song . This track is just phenomenal even if it 's just acoustic guitar , piano and vocals . Next is the pop-reggae track `` A Wonderful Day in a One-Way World '' and a great song . The first half closed with the phenomenal `` White Shadow '' . Gabriel 's synthesizer drones on this track is phenomenal and features Fripp on lead guitar and classical guitar and his ending guitar solo on this track is phenomenal . The last note at the end of the song went on and on if you had the original vinyl LP . When I first heard the track on LP , I thought was a defect but it was n't -LRB- you had to manually lift the stylus from LP to stop -RRB- . On the CD they fixed it so it would fade after awhile.The second half begins with the exquisitely beautiful `` Indigo '' which is one of Gabriel 's most overlooked tracks ever . Next is the jazzy `` Animal Magic '' which is another great track and one that will have yup tapping along . Next is the rocker `` Exposure '' which was another great track and one I can play over again . `` Flotsam and Jetsam '' is next and is another heartfelt track on the album 's more sensitive second half but a great song . Next we rock out with the rocker `` Perspective '' which is another great song with some unique sax solos from Tim Capello . The album closes with the fitting `` Home Sweet Home '' which is a jazzy sounding ballad with Peter exploring all avenues of his voice and Tim 's sax work again is just incredible.Peter Gabriel 's second solo album also has a great album design from Hipgnosis and one of the better album covers you 'll see . The album did n't do as well as debut -LRB- missed the US Top 50 in 1978 -RRB- but has held up well as opposed to lots of music made in 1978 -LRB- hint
 My thoughts were originally the same as the other reviewers
 Upon reading the unfortunately unwelcoming comments I 've read about this CD , I have to come here and defend this marvelous album . Yes , it 's my least favorite album of PGs catalog but that does not mean that PG2 is a weak album . On the contrary , it 's a very good album that is much better than what it 's given credit for.This CD strongly benifits from the remastering that was given as when I owned the original version a long time ago , the sound quality of the music was very muddy . Robert Fripp probably takes alot of heat for the lousy production but it 's not as badly produced as most ppl say . In fact , I might sound odd but I actually love it 's raw production , being free of the more electronically produced material on Gabriel 's later works following this one , and instead the music overall is kind of like as it were being recorded live on tape especially the angry D.I.Y. and the morbid yet beautiful Home Sweet Home . In The Air , Perspective and Animal Magic are fun upbeat rockers while the eerie White Shadow and Mother Of Violence are gorgeous ballads . I do n't think this album is all that dark like Security or Melting Face but it 's concept is relatively bleak although more like cloudy winter afternoon bleak as opposed to the murderous , and frightening Melting Face or the window shattering Security . For those who are mostly into the synthesized materpiece So or the worldly pop colored Us , PG2 is unlikely to be the best disc to easily appreciate as it 's probably the most abstract , experiment , and the least accessible album that Peter has ever put out.If you already appreciate the -LRB- more -RRB- famous albums of his , then if you 're willing to take a dive into the early , more experimental music , welcome to PG2 . It 's at least a great album to warm yourself up to before heading into the bleakness of the 3rd LP that followed this one two years later .
 Indeed , Peter Gabriel is not the sort of artist who makes light pop music , but once you understand where his vision is coming from , you know it some of the most rewarding music you have ever heard . Like David Byrne , he seems to be spouting incomprehensible nonsense , but it is the `` nonsense '' of a genius that you have to pay attention to to understand . Of course his first solo records after Genesis were thick and moody , but those same songs performed live -LRB- Plays Live , of course -RRB- are nothing short of thrilling , like early U-2 . U-2 , before the self-absorbed pretension set in . Peter Gabriel 's studio and live records -LRB- yes , at first they were RECORDS-LP 's - they go back that far ! -RRB- compliment one another , get them both to feel the full experience .
 This was never advertised as a multi-channel SACD and I am glad that they did n't try to reformat it . The definitive edition of Peter Gabriel 's work is all on SACD now and are must-haves for any fan with an SACD player . What many people do not realize about SACD is that the sampling rate is 2.8 MILLION samples-per-second as opposed to a normal CD which is only 44.1 THOUSAND sps . It is as close to an analog stream that you can get.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED . If you do n't have a good ear for audio and a good stereo system to listen to high-definition audio on then obviously you will not hear the difference . But for Audiophiles ? A dream come true .
 Listening to the second album sounds an awful lot like listening to a Genesis album , not a Peter Gabriel Genesis album , but a post-Gabriel Genesis album . However , you do hear that distinct Gabriel sound starting to emerge , just a little . I have to admit that I do like this album more than Gabriel 's first CD , which I thought was very confused and all over the place . However , this album is not anywhere close to the two masterpieces that were to come -LRB- in his 3rd and 4th albums -RRB- . All in all , I give favorable marks to this album , because it provides a hint of the genius to come . No , there are no singles from this album and it does not really go out of it 's way to be commercial .
 Peter Gabriel was lead singer and brain of Prog Rock band Genesis until he left in 1975 to pursue a solo career . His eponomous debut album , also called `` Car '' was fantastic and really proved why Gabriel wanted out of the band . Peter Gabriel 2 or better known as `` Scratch '' cause of Storm Thorgerson 's brlliant cover art was released in 1978 , 2 years after `` Car '' and it did n't have many single hits either . The album was produced by Robert Fripp , who already appeared on the first album but then only as a guitarist . The sound here is more stripped , less exprimental and more towards a traditional pop/rock sound . Gabriel was n't happy with the end result and neither was the critics . However , to say that `` Scratch '' is a bad album is n't fair , infact it got enough good songs to be called `` Great '' . Infact PG2 is very underrated and worth a look.Like I pointed out before many songs are traditional rock here rather then exprimental or majestic Prog Rock . It is n't neccesary a bad thing but it is surprising considering how his first album sounded . `` On The Air '' is an energic pop/rock with quite good effects , perhaps the best of songs on this album . `` D.I.Y '' stands for Do It Yourself . '' The song is about taking responsibility and control of your life . It 's also a very stripped down with accoustic guitar . `` Mother of Violence '' is another highlight . It was written ny Peter and his wife Jill . A slow ballad wit great lyrics . `` A Wonderful Day In a Wonderful World '' starts with very catchy basic riffs and a slow singing Gabriel , sounds a little like something that Collins Genesis could have made a hit of . `` White Shadow '' is perhaps the song with most arrangements on this album , infact it 's a little Prog Rockish with a great guitar solo towards the end . `` Indigo '' is also a slow ballad with piano . It 's about a father , `` going away '' . The next song is also a highlight , it goes with the name `` Animal Magic '' and is riff driven and uptempo with piano backing . `` And I 'm joining the professionals , I want to be a man , With all that animal magic I 'll do anything you can '' , It 's suppostely about Gabriel 's take on war and military traditions . `` Exposure '' is a odd number with many sound effetcs , just like other reviewers said . It 's co-written by Fripp and no wonder one of his own albums was also called `` Exposure '' after this . `` Floatsam and Jetsam '' a midpace ballad that is quite passable . `` Perspective '' is a uptempo song with saxophones , sounds a little like Billy Joel . Not the average Gabriel song but I like it . Last song `` Home Sweet Home '' is a ballad about a wife commiting suicide , it also uses saxophones and is perhaps the best ballad of the album.Overall , often underrated but should n't be . It 's a great album on it 's own . A little less majestic with more stripped down production then PG1 but good enough not to be overlooked . It got a fair share of highlights even if few songs are famous from this album , It thereafter the fans task to check it out and apreciate the songs for what they are . I like this , but start with `` Car '' .
 Peter Gabriel 's second self-titled solo album from 1978 , aka `` PG2 '' or `` Scratch '' -LRB- see cover art -RRB- , is Gabriel 's least favorite of all his solo albums , but that 's easily explained -- the producer was Robert Fripp , the electric-guitar genius from King Crimson , who likes to record quickly . He convinced Gabriel to record `` PG2 '' in six weeks flat , a pace MUCH too fast for Gabriel , who , as any diehard fan knows , likes to take his dear sweet time in the recording studio . As a result , Gabriel feels that his 2nd album never quite sounded as good as he would 've liked.While I totally respect Peter 's opinion , I have to admit that I disagree with him . Strongly , in fact ! `` PG2 '' is a fabulous album , and my personal favorite from Mr. Gabriel . And now that the album has been remastered -LRB- along with the rest of Peter 's catalog up through `` US '' ! -RRB- , it 's been made even more fabulous with * super * sound quality that was not available before . Throw in a complete lyric sheet to all of the songs in the CD booklet , as well as some very cool photos taken of Peter during 1978 , and you 've got one very , VERY satisfied customer in this reviewer!Gabriel may not have been happy with the brisk recording of `` PG2 , '' but the trade-off , I think , is that producer Fripp -LRB- who also contributes some very classy guitar parts -RRB- managed to capture Gabriel in the raw for the only time in Gabriel 's recording career -LRB- though I 'm certainly not knocking his other solo albums -- love 'em all ! -RRB- . There IS some polish to the material here and there , but overall , this is a definitive in-the-studio , warts-and-all recording that sounds and feels as if it were played live directly to tape . Gabriel 's vocals throughout are energetic , from-the-gut , rough & tough . The man * always * sings brilliantly , of course , but on `` PG2 , '' you get to hear him in a way that you do n't get to hear on his other recordings , and probably wo n't hear ever again . It 's Gabriel in the raw.Why else is `` PG2 '' my favorite Gabriel album ? Peter 's songwriting . These are absolutely irresistible songs , every single one of them . Peter turned to somewhat-darker material on `` PG3 '' and `` Security , '' but on `` PG2 , '' the songs are wonderfully upbeat -LRB- `` D.I.Y. , '' `` A Wonderful Day In A One Way World '' -RRB- , rocking -LRB- `` On The Air , '' `` White Shadow , '' `` Exposure '' -RRB- , heartfelt -LRB- `` Mother Of Violence , '' `` Indigo , '' `` Flotsam And Jetsam , '' `` Home Sweet Home '' -RRB- , jazzy -LRB- `` Animal Magic , '' `` Perspective '' -RRB- , beautiful & fun -LRB- all of the above -RRB- . And Gabriel only works with the best musicians possible , and `` PG2 '' is no exception , including guitarist Fripp , bassist Tony Levin , synthesiser wiz Larry Fast , and drummer Jerry Marotta . And Gabriel himself is no slouch on keyboards , either!I ca n't even begin to tell you how happy I am that Peter Gabriel 's catalog has finally been remastered -LRB- as we patiently wait for the new album -RRB- , and I definitely plan on getting them all . You should , too . But I HAD to begin my remastered collection with my favorite , `` PG2 , '' Gabriel 's underrated masterpiece . : - -RRB-
 First , there 's the voice . It 's a scratchy tenor . Peter Gabriel was only 28 when he recorded his second solo album . I 'm sure his voice never sounded darker or more naturally menacing before or after . His voice never sounded so confident , so triumphant , so full of sex and violence . Gabriel 's second solo album -LRB- titled Peter Gabriel just like his 1977 debut and the two that followed in 1980 and 1982 -RRB- was the first album I ever bought by the former Genesis lead vocalist.The year I bought it from a Record Bar in the mall near my house must have been 1984 . I climbed aboard the Gabriel bandwagon kind of late . -LRB- But before the mega platinum success of 1986 's So . -RRB- Since Peter Gabriel was my first taste of the man 's music , that might partly explain why it remains my favorite of all his stuff . But that fact does not explain why Peter Gabriel is still my favorite album of all time . But Gabriel 's voice does . And his songwriting . And his choice of musicians and producer . And that cover.Second , there 's that album cover . Like Gabriel 's voice , it 's scratchy . It 's a black and white photograph featuring a semi-preppy looking Gabriel -LRB- in a golf shirt covered by a London Fog/Lacoste-style windbreaker -RRB- bending his fingers and scratching jagged edges of white from the top of the cover to the bottom . Gabriel 's hair is long but short . It 's a thick buster brown -- just short enough to look right with the windbreaker and the golf shirt but long enough to show people that it 's still 1978 . You can barley see his eyebrows . But you can see his dark eyes . And you can see a day or so 's growth of hair on his face too . I think the cover represents sex . The back of the album represents violence . It must represent violence because it still scares me when I look at today almost 20 years later . Gabriel , dressed in faded jeans , rain boots , and a dark pea or raincoat , is hunched over . He 's on an urban street somewhere -- a street lined with fences , puddles of water and mounds of snow . Gabriel has his back to the camera and he 's hunched over . I do n't know why . He 's hunched over , and he 's stepping forward with his left foot and dragging his right one . I ca n't see his face but it looks like his body 's contortion stems from some sort of attack . He looks like he may be in pain . If the back of the album does n't represent violence , it must represent pain.Third , there 's the songs . They are all boiled down versions of white noise , red heat , purple funk , and colorless loss . `` On the Air '' blows up with Who-like guitar from Sid McGinnis while glistening synth bells from Larry Fast tinkle in the background . Gabriel is playing the part of Mozo , a pirate radio DJ broadcasting from his amateur radio in a cabin by the river . Mozo is lost and lonely and he 's screaming out via his microphone . He wants everyone to know `` that Mozo is here '' . Gabriel 's Mozo sounds like Ted Kaczynski to me minus the bombs and carnage . `` DIY '' is Gabriel 's very unpunk sounding tribute to the punk ethos that prevailed in the late '70s . How unpunk sounding ? Listen to Bruce Springsteen pianist Roy Bittan 's playing . But you can hear punk in Gabriel 's voice . Even when he just screams `` Hey ! '' just before the song 's chorus , you can feel Gabriel 's rage and enthusiasm . `` Mother of Violence '' has some of the most achingly moving singing and melodies on the album . Mostly just piano , acoustic guitar and McGinnis 's steel guitar , this ballad cries . `` A Wonderful Day in a One-Way World '' is pop reggae while `` White Shadow '' is one of two show-off pieces for the album 's producer and co-guitarist , Robert Fripp . Fripp 's solo at the end of `` White Shadow '' blisters . One of his best on any record he 's appeared on , it 's underrated at worst and masterful at best . There are five other great songs on Peter Gabriel but there 's no real use in describing every one of them because there is a small part on the album 's finale that is , as they say , `` worth the price of admission . '' The lyrics on `` Home Sweet Home '' are nothing special . The words were taken almost straight from a newspaper story Gabriel read about a woman who jumped out of her window with her baby in her arms . The widower used the insurance money he got to gamble at a casino . He won big . So the story has a bitter/bittersweet ending . But it 's Gabriel 's voice that makes the song and makes the album . Near the very end of the song , Gabriel wails . He 's not singing any words , he 's just wailing and I 've never heard any music before or since that makes my hair stand up like that . Chills . You get chills when you hear it and it 's just wailing . I think that 's the pain again . The pain of loss and the pain of having everything you ever dreamed of at the same time.And fourth and last , maybe it 's just because it 's Gabriel 's last rock album . Starting in 1980 , Gabriel started mixing the ethic world music influences of Africa into his music . Do n't get me wrong . I love all of those albums . The tribal drums with no cymbals . The singers from Senegal . It 's all great . But maybe that has become a musical crutch for Gabriel . Maybe it 's what people now expect of him . Maybe that 's his signature . I do n't know . Maybe I 'm wrong . But I loved it when Gabriel just had to rely on the old-fashioned instruments and musical conventions of rock and roll . Guitars , drums , pianos , and the odd synthesizer here and there . Peter Gabriel is rock . Peter Gabriel is pop . Peter Gabriel is raw . Peter Gabriel is creepy . Peter Gabriel is scary . Scary with acoustic guitars , pedal steel guitars , and a piano . That was it for me . Nothing will ever come close .
 This is a vastly underrated album . It 's more solid and consistent than his first solo album -LRB- `` car '' or `` windshield '' or `` 1 '' -RRB- . It sounds different and is far more subdued than his other albums . There are almost no booming drums or wailing vocals . There 's also no hint of what 's to come on his next album -LRB- `` Melt '' or `` 3 '' -RRB- . This is essentially a vocals-guitar-keyboards-bass-drums rock album -LRB- whereas `` 3 '' introduced Gabriel 's `` Big BIG BIG drum sound '' , experimental synthesizer and from-the-throat singing '' -RRB- . The songs are also on the shorter side being more of a pop album length throughout . It 's more similar to `` So '' than any of his other albums , excepting the sales , of course.There are no incredibly well-known songs on this album , and maybe that 's why it 's Gabriel 's most obscure album . That 's too bad , because it includes some of his best songs and lyrics . `` Mother of Violence '' is one of Gabriel 's best songs . It also has a not too subtle message about a population living in fear -LRB- which has become a little too relevant for comfort these days -RRB- : Fear , she 's the mother of violenceMaking me tense to watch the way she breedFear , she 's the mother of violenceYou know self defence is all you needIt 's getting hard to breatheIt 's getting so hard to believeBelieve in anything at all but fearOther great , underappreciated songs from this album are , apart from the obvious ones `` On the Air '' and `` D.I.Y '' , `` A Wonderful Day in a One-Way World '' , `` Floatsam and Jetsam '' , `` Home Sweet Home '' , among others . The songs in general are strong with the exception of the one clunker `` Exposure . `` This album was produced by Robert Fripp who in an interview at the time complained that Gabriel 's first solo album sounded `` too American '' and he wanted to take a drastically different approach for this one . Gabriel has said on more than one occassion that he was n't happy with the results and , to no surprise , has n't worked with Fripp since . This probably is n't a bad thing
 Peter Gabriel 's second self-titled album and the middle set of his eponymous albums is his least known album of his career outside of his 1984 `` Birdy '' soundtrack . It 's quite surprising that this album was out of print for quite some time before the remasters were released in May of 2002 and now with it back on the Market , fans are no longer deprived of a marvelous album.This second album released in 1978 has a very raw production courtesy of Robert Fripp who likes to record quickly and is so raw in production that it almost does sound like it was being recorded live in one 's basement or bedroom straight to tape yet it turned out to be an excellent album , even thought it 's nowhere near the terrifying heights of the scary classics `` PG3 '' and `` Security '' nor is it near the sophistication of 1986 's `` SO '' . How Fripp , Gabriel , and company managed to turn what could 've been a disasterous dud of an album into an eccentric musical adventure completely eludes me . Gabriel is total genius . There is very little polish on the music on here . This is almost like a live recording in some spots . In a lot of ways , the `` Scratch '' album is regarded as his second outing where he was still trying to find his place on the musical map but on here , it was getting more apparent where his music was heading towards . The back of the album cover with the snowy urban landscape perfectly portrays the album 's mood . In a lot of ways , this is a dark album but nothing compared to the black-and-white mood of PG , nor the intense industrial punch of `` Security '' but more of a cloudy , snowy afternoon dark.This album was recorded in six weeks flat and Gabriel himself claims that he never really liked this album because of the way it turned out when finished and that it never turned out that great but I beg to differ . Although I respect his opinion on `` Scratch '' being somewhat average , I think that it is a fabulous album in it 's own merry and eccentric way and is a great album to check out . This is a great album and is in fact , quite a lot of fun to listen to and the album sounds great with it 's crisp and raw production.If you 're looking for 70s disco-rock or are looking for something that would be in the vein of `` Sledgehammer '' or `` In Your Eyes '' or even `` Solsbury Hill '' , you might find `` Scratch '' to be a difficult album to immediately enjoy but I strongly recommend checking this album out anyway just to be able to listen to Peter Gabriel sing in the raw , a style and personality that you have never heard him on any of his other albums , nor will anyone ever hear again . The more adventurous audiences though will love this album just like I do and `` Scratch '' is a highly recommended album.I love all of these songs on here but the best songs that really stand out are the opener `` On The Air '' with it 's late 70s polish and slightly punk rockish sound , the dreary wintery bliss that is the acoustic ballad `` Mother Of Violence '' , the semi-dark `` Exposure '' which kind of marks the approaching darkness of PG3 , The fun and funk of the excellent `` Animal Magic '' , the fabulous track and one of my favorites `` Wonderful Day In A Wonderful Worlds '' which is a fun yet odd track to listen to , and finally the magnum opus closing track `` Home Sweet Home '' which is the most disturbing track on the album . Musically speaking , it 's just a very mellow and jazzy track but it 's subject about a woman jumping out a window with her baby to their deaths makes the song a bit chilling combined with Peter 's high-pitched singing . This is only the tip of the iceberg . This makes an excellent warm-up to the far darker atmospheres of `` PG3 '' and then the innovation of `` Security '' . If there was any album that desperately needed an audio clean up job , it 's arguably this one . The older CD edition I had sounded atrocious with it 's highly lowered quality and one often had to turn the stereo up to nearly deafening volume to be able to hear the songs clearly . Those days are no more and the newer remasters vastly improve the audio quality and while the songs were still good despite the poor volume , they sound fabulous on the remastered edition particularly `` Mother Of Violence '' , and `` White Shadow '' . I am so happy to be able to own this forgotten gem of an album on it 's remastered edition and be able to use the atrocious older edition of this album for an art project . The limited edition of this re-issue is made of a flimsy CD packaging called a digipak that offers nothing new when compared to the regular jewel case edition . Another major problem I had was when I got this album as a graduation gift -LRB- along with `` SO '' -RRB- , the packaging broke apart and unlike the plastic jewel case , I could not be able to replace it in a new packaging and it really was a pain in the neck . Thankfully it seems like the digipak edition is now hard to find , as there is no point in wasting time in getting it . Stick with the regular jewel case edition . In either case though , the remastering is just incredible . You wo n't believe how much better this album sounds in it 's remastered edition!The album cover may seem to symbolize Gabriel dismissing this album as dry and unimaginative but instead , this is such a great album and showcases a side of Gabriel that never shown before and never showed again after this album 's era had wound down . Gabriel never toyed with such raw production the way he did with this album and while everything he has done since is far superior , this album is a highly rewarding listen and while it is extremely dated , it still has it 's own timeless appeal that truly shows defiance against it 's age . Buy it today .
 It was `` D.I.Y. '' that introduced me to the solo work of Peter Gabriel . -LRB- The first one had been under my radar , a mistake soon corrected . -RRB- I knew Gabriel 's work with Genesis and while I liked the band I did n't need to have it all . But then this song came out . I can still remember hearing it on the now defunct FM station WIOQ , sitting in my car and thinking , `` Wow , I 've got to get that . '' The line , `` When things get so big you ca n't trust them at all ; if you want some control you 've got to keep it small , '' really spoke to me ; no doubt helped by the passion and anxiety in Gabriel 's voice . When I listened to the whole album , I discovered an artist still trying to find his way to the world rhythms that he made his own . On this recording , Gabriel is still playing around with Genesis style characters and imagery here ; on songs like `` On the Air '' with its hermit DJ and `` Animal Magic 's Professional , '' Gabriel revisits some older themes of separation and distance from the norm . But on songs like `` D.I.Y. '' and `` Indigo '' you start to see the shell cracking as Gabriel touches on some personal spaces that always seemed to be held at arm 's length before . Some songs are a bit too buried in Robert Fripp 's production -LRB- Particularly `` Home Sweet Home '' which would have been better served by a starker setting . -RRB- but overall there is an emotional feeling here that serves as a harbinger of Gabriel 's later work .
 I 've long thought Peter Gabriel 's batch of recordings was the rock catalog most in need of CD remastering . Well , here you are in one fell swoop . This , the second Peter Gabriel album -LRB- with the clawing fingers cover -RRB- was the worst sounding of the bunch . The old mastering was flat and muddy ; this one is a major improvement , bringing new life and unknown nuance to some songs . The sound does n't knock you over -- I do n't think the album was recorded all that well to begin with -- it just , finally , sounds like a good 1978 CD should . I always thought this album was a little underrated . There 's some terrific , varied , off-kilter stuff here
 I can understand all those people who say that `` Scratch '' is probably Gabriel 's worst Recording . I can understand why.This Cd is very different from everything that Peter has made through his career.This is in my opinion a Halfway between `` 1 '' and `` 3 `` First album is popular because of Peter 's departure from Art-rock legend Genesis and it contained some tracks that could have been next Genesis compositions . Third album is Kind of his OPUS MAGNUM and defines completely his musical styles , album genius from first to the last track.Fans never liked `` 2 '' because it was sounding so different form `` car '' -LRB- 1 album -RRB- and `` melt '' -LRB- 3 album -RRB- . It was also miles away from `` so '' . The first point why is it so controversial is that it was produced by Robert Fripp -LRB- legendary guitarist and composer of King Crimson -RRB- . Fripp around this time was experimenting very much on his records , and sadly on other people 's records . Peter became a victim -LRB- i know , i know it sounds so dramatic ... -RRB- of his ideas and he could n't control everything that was going in studio after the recording of album . Fripp added some echoes and sound effects and before the remastered edition the quality of sound -LRB- lots of treble , poor bass , distant vocals -RRB- was more than bad ... But know we have the remastered edition and thanks to it we can all give it a chance , and everyone else who never heard this before can enjoy it ... Still some vocals can sound distant a bit -LRB- `` flotsam and jetsam '' -RRB- but basses and everything is in the right place -LRB- by the way , check out the SACD remaster edition - kicks ... !!! -RRB- During the recording Peter Gabriel was influenced by new wave and punk subculture and music . He was bald -LRB- he cut himself like that , nice haircut for him - check out in booklet -RRB- , started playing on punk festivals and generally he became outsider.Still he was searching for his own music style after Eclectic first album.Slowly we have here all the things that we love Peter 's music for
 Peter Gabriel 's second solo album is probably the weirdeststep he took in his entire career ; it sticks out as atentative experiment in the midst of his early prog-rockwith Genesis and the later dark-edged art-pop and world musicdabblings which would begin with his third effort . It is a further oddity given the atypically grungy , claustrophobic production of Robert Fripp , who also contributes guitar on a few tracks . It was clear on this album that Gabriel was still attempting to find his solo voice ; he had scaled his songs down to pop size but had yet to find a cohesive sound . As a result `` Peter Gabriel 2 '' is all over the map , united only by its somewhat bleak tone and closeted production values . However , in spite of a few generic pop-rock missteps which mar side two , the quality of the songwriting is superb , and most of the tracks have a tendency to improve with repeated listenings . Openingwith the spirited rocker `` On The Air '' -- which was to have been part of a rock-opera Gabriel was working on revolving around a character named Mozo -- the album moves into a stripped downhomage to the punk ethic -LRB- `` DIY '' -RRB- , an edgy , melodically gorgeousacoustic hymn -LRB- `` Mother Of Violence '' -RRB- , a last gasp at Genesis-style symphonic grandeur -LRB- `` White Shadow '' -RRB- , an avant-electronicvocal experiment -LRB- `` Exposure '' , also featured on the Robert Fripp album of the same name -RRB- and a fragile ballad with recorders -LRB- `` Indigo '' -RRB- . The overall effect may sound deceptively low-key at first but a closer look will reveal many favorite moments , still sounding fresh compared to the overplay of works like `` So '' and `` Us '' . No Gabriel fan should be without it , and with the exception of a couple of minor numbers the album should generally appeal to fans of classic rock and art rock .
 PG2 acts as a bridge between Gabriel 's more mainstream debut and the alienated sound of PG3 . The material , although not as strong as the third album , has moments of brilliance . White Shadow , despite the comments of the fellow from Emap -LRB- who the heck are they anyway ? -RRB- is stunning , particularly the guitar playing by Fripp and the use of Fripptronics at the end of the song.On The Air is an ironic comment on both this album and the first PG solo album since both did n't get a lot of attention by radio when they were released . There are moments every bit as dark and compelling as the best moments on PG3 , just not as consistent . It 's clear that Peter Gabriel was making up the rules of the `` solo '' game he had decided to pursue as he was going along . Here Peter has nearly abandoned all the rhetorical and musical flourishes that identified him with Genesis.A bold album that sets out to change Gabriel 's image and music in one fell swoop , PG2 is n't as successful as PG3 at achieving its goals , but it sure takes your breath away when it does .
 Peter Gabriel 's second solo album received lukewarm reviews when it was released in 1978 , and continues to get something of a bad rap from fans to this day . Nicknamed SCRATCH after its wonderful cover art , much of the negativity surrounding the album arises from the change in sound from PETER GABRIEL 1 to PETER GABRIEL 2 . On PETER GABRIEL 2 , Robert Fripp signed on as producer ; Fripp was previously the guitarist in the legendary prog-rock band King Crimson . Fripp claimed that his intent was to make Gabriel sound `` less American '' - what made Fripp think that Gabriel 's music sounded `` American '' is beyond me - and to do so , he cut Gabriel 's recording time down to six weeks -LRB- a miniscule amount of time for Peter Gabriel , who is known for taking his time in the recording studio -RRB- . Fripp also pointed Gabriel in a less experimental and more safe direction , although Gabriel fans know that he has never played it safe . The result was a relatively unsuccessful release that Gabriel calls his least favorite of his solo albums . But despite all the bad buzz surrounding PETER GABRIEL 2 , many fans are now coming to appreciate the album , and in my opinion , rightfully so.There are n't as many stand-out songs on PETER GABRIEL 2 as there was on Gabriel 's first album , which housed such greats as `` Moribund the Burgermeister '' and `` Solsbury Hill '' . The greatest songs on the album are the pushy opener , `` On the Air '' , and `` D.I.Y. '' , one of Gabriel 's best songs ever . Contrary to what some people would leave you to believe , these are n't the only good songs on the album ; in fact , there are plenty of other great songs on the album , such as `` White Shadow '' , the sweet `` Indigo '' , and the dark `` Exposure '' . As a whole , the sound of the album is more consistent than that of PETER GABRIEL 1 , but the arrangement of the songs is less consistent . While CAR explored many different styles , SCRATCH never strays far from safe pop-rock . For any other artist as experimentally-inclined as Peter Gabriel , this would be a major problem , but Gabriel deals with it remarkably well . Still , the individual songs lack the punch of those on 1 , though the album seems to work better as a whole.The biggest thing that throws people off of the album is the change in the overall sound of the album from that of Gabriel 's first release . The music here sounds far less full and feels as cold as a winter breeze . There 's far more synthesizers . The bass has adopted a sort of dour , amused tone . Roy Bittan , Bruce Springsteen 's keyboardist , shows up to liven things up a bit , and does a very nice job . Sidney McGinnis plays the guitar parts , which range in sound from being very down-to-earth to far off into space . It seems to me that Robert Fripp was trying to make Gabriel a big pop star rather than just letting him be Peter Gabriel . This is where the fans are divided
 Length :
 OK , so every other reviewer said it too , and I will say it again . This album is highly under-appreciated . In a sense I can understand why . Of the first 4 albums , this is the one that I took the longest to warm up to , but I eventually became very fond of it . I think he hit is artistic peak with the next one -LRB- # 3 or `` face melt '' -RRB- Peter Gabriel 3
 While Peter Gabriel 's second album is definitely not a classic by any means , and to be totally honest I 'm really shocked at a few inexcusable moments that are present , I ca n't say it 's a BAD album or anything . It 's still an album that contains quite a lot of memorable tunes and pretty good songwriting.It 's more like an example of a singer-songwriter who has n't quite reached his full capability yet . `` On the Air '' for whatever reason reminds me of Jackson Browne 's `` Runnin ' on Empty '' . Both are energetic tunes released around the same time . I guess that 's why the two songs seem to blend together in my mind . I 'm surprised the way Peter flat out ROCKS for this one , and the vocals and lyrics are really exciting . I guess this song might lead someone to believe the rest of the album packs the same kind of punch , but sadly that 's not the case . `` Mother of Violence '' would n't be out of place on the Nursery Cryme album , or a Crosby , Stills and Nash album for that matter . A * beautiful * and underrated song this one is . Give it a few listens to adjust to the vocals and you 'll be hooked , I guarantee it . `` A Wonderful Day in a One-Way World '' is a great example of bouncy pop fun . Certain moments remind me of the Genesis classic sound -LRB- perhaps due to the choice of instruments during the chorus -RRB- . As for `` White Shadow '' well , the vocals are really good but unfortunately very dated of the late 70 's sound -LRB- which is n't always a bad thing of course -RRB- . The guitar solo at the end totally cooks , but the song is mainly memorable for the great vocal melody . Peter hits a range here that 's quite beautiful . `` Indigo '' seems to indicate the direction Peter was planning to take his music by the time the 80 's rolled around . It just has that feel because it 's so personal and honest . Too bad it was n't a big hit - it should 've been . `` Exposure '' is amazing . I guess it 's sort of like an instrumental , because the focus seems to be on the bass guitar and other highly unusual musical tricks . It has a slight disco flavor , but do n't worry , it 's far from a disco song ! `` Home Sweet Home '' is the only downer . It 's the yuckiest , sappiest , cheesiest song I 've ever heard Peter Gabriel write , and I 'm surprised he actually wrote something like this . A late 70 's ballad with cheesy saxophone done horribly wrong , haha.Overall , Peter Gabriel 's second album is a good listen , and a nice way to prepare for the fantastic follow-up .
 OK , we 've got the 7 Genesis albums he did , then , after 1980 , we have PG as a world music , high-tech recording artist . But in-between , we have 2 rare recordings that bridge the gap . These 2 1970 's PG albums feel like PG , of Genesis . Still progressive & quirky , with a fiery , unpredictable voice , to me , this is his peak
 It 's difficult to assertain the amount of creativity that frees oneself from onself . Mr. Gabriel has always been a unique figure on the musical landscape , and this offering is indeed telling of his triumphs and disdain towards and existence fabricated and seemingly preordained . To me , his creativity speaks of gentle innocence standing two-fold against the backdrop of male aggression . While taking neither stance , it is here that Mr. Gabriel explores and conceptualizes the very fabric of his adulthood . If the cover art is any indication one is in for a scathing cataclysm of overt cynicysm towards those most human conditions . Yet seen through Peters eyes , we find ourselves marveling at the mundane and horrified at the divine . An albums worth of solid tracks , `` Scratch '' is infalliable in its execution , seemingly devoid of the pamposity that seems to plague later efforts from this fascinating artist . `` D.I.Y '' is a thumper of a track , lost to time it seems . `` White Shadow '' , with its transcendental inclinations and subversive lyrics , provides one of the strongest examples of Mr. Gabriels flourishing confidence ... and yet he still seems so gloriously ill at ease . A man at his prime , and capable of sharing more of himself than most of his era , `` Scratch '' stands the test of time providing a stark and subtle exploitation of early 80 's pop sensabilities while suplanting the seeds for Mr. Gabriels future self-desctruction and undoubted ascension towards a higher plane of creative output .
 Former Genesis frontman Peter Gabriel 's second solo album which was another self-titled effort -LRB- now nicknamed Scratch -RRB- was released in June of 1978 . At the time Peter made his second solo album , he decided to do an about face from his first self titled solo album from a year earlier -LRB- apart from bass player Tony Levin and synthesizer expert Larry Fast -RRB- . Instead of Bob Ezrin , Peter Gabriel now had famed King Crimson guitarist/mastermind Robert Fripp producing the album and playing guitar on a few tracks plus guitarist Sidney McGuiness , drummer Jerry Marotta and saxophonist Timothy Capallo and pianist Roy Bittan from Bruce Springsteen 's E Street Band -LRB- Roy plays on much of the album -RRB- helping him on the album.The opening `` On the Air '' is a superb rocker about Mozo the pirate radio DJ broadcasting from his amateur radio station in a cabin by the river and this song is just incredible . `` DIY '' is next and was Gabriel 's homage to the punk ethos and punk rock scene that prevailed in the late '70s and another great song . Next is the ballad `` Mother of Violence '' which is a great song . This track is just phenomenal even if it 's just acoustic guitar , piano and vocals . Next is the pop-reggae track `` A Wonderful Day in a One-Way World '' and a great song . The first half closed with the phenomenal `` White Shadow '' . Gabriel 's synthesizer drones on this track is phenomenal and features Fripp on lead guitar and classical guitar and his solos on this track are phenomenal . The last note at the end of the song went on and on if you had the original vinyl LP . When I first heard the track on LP , I thought was a defect but it was n't -LRB- you had to manually lift the stylus from LP to stop -RRB- . On the CD they fixed it so it would fade after awhile.The second half begins with the exquisitely beautiful `` Indigo '' which is one of Gabriel 's most overlooked tracks ever . Next is the jazzy `` Animal Magic '' which is another great track and one that will have yup tapping along . Next is the rocker `` Exposure '' which was another great track and one I can play over again . `` Flotsam and Jetsam '' is next and is another heartfelt track on the album 's more sensitive second half but a great song . Next we rock out with the rocker `` Perspective '' which is another great song with some unique sax solos from Tim Capello . The album closes with the fitting `` Home Sweet Home '' which is a jazzy sounding ballad with Peter exploring all avenues of his voice and Tim 's sax work again is just incredible.Peter Gabriel 's second solo album also has a great album design from Hipgnosis and one of the better album covers you 'll see . The album did n't do as well as debut -LRB- missed the US Top 50 in 1978 -RRB- but has held up well as opposed to lots of music made in 1978 . Recommended !
 R. Fripp was taking a rather long hiatus from King Crimson at this time ; English `` Punk '' was establishing some roots and proclaiming Yes and other `` progressive Rock '' bands were dinosaurs . Tee hee!I discovered this PG album by accident . Sometime in 1980 I woke up to `` Exposure '' being played on the late great NYC WNEW FM . And just like during the mid-Seventies I awoke to a similar existential experience in the morning listening to Fleetwood Mac 's `` Oh Well ; '' I thought to myself
 Luis Mejia -LRB- son -RRB- - Peter Gabriel 's follow up to one of his delightful masterpieces , Peter Gabriel 1
 & iexcl ; Aqu&iacute; esta ! & iexcl ; Por fin ! El escogido de piezas cl&aacute;sicas es incre&iacute;ble . Mi favorita
 This is a great completely different concept featuring classic music greats such as Fur Elise and Beethoven 's Fifth with a twist . These songs were recorded in various Latin music styles like `` seis chorriao '' , bomba , merengue and salsa . They even found a clever way to rename some of the songs like `` Seis Para Elisa '' for Fur Elise and `` La Quinta en Salsa . '' Classical music purist might go nuts over this but , you should really give it a try . My favorite has to be `` Bomba Alla Turca '' a remake of Mozarts Sonata No. 11 . Definitely something different and fresh latin music lovers might like .
 I thought the days of `` fun '' heavy metal were long gone . All that we had left were depressing , no talent , angry `` nu metal '' bands ... Thank God Absolute Steel proved me wrong ! This CD is great ! Awesome guitar riffs , good lead singer , incredible solos ... it 's like being back in the 80s ! If you love 80s metal , having fun and rocking out ... give Absolute Steel a try . You wo n't be disappointed .
 2005 's Womanizer is the second album from Norwegian traditional metal band Absolute Steel . Similar to their countrymen Thunderbolt , Absolute Steel plays traditional heavy metal that 's influenced by bands like Judas Priest , Accept and Motorhead . Their lyrics seem more influenced by the sleazier L.A. hair metal bands though.With song titles like `` High Heels and Fishnet Stockings , '' `` Juicy Lucy '' and `` Deeper , '' you pretty much get the idea what Absolute Steel is all about . The songs that are n't about sex are about beer -LRB- `` Beerrun '' -RRB- and partying -LRB- `` Kick '' -RRB- . The album closes with a pair of instrumental songs that give the guys a chance to go all Yngwie on us . Those are the only songs on Womanizer that are n't likely to offend someone . The whole album is hard-hitting , fist-pumping heavy metal with lots of great shout-along choruses.I guess you 'd call this kind of album a guilty pleasure . It 's not artsy and it 's not breaking any new ground , but Womanizer rocks hard and is way fun to listen to . If you 're a fan of hard partying metal bands like Widow , Skull Fist , Thunderbolt and even Airbourne and Steel Panther , you 'll want to give Absolute Steel a try .
 Norways Absolute Steel set out their stall some time ago with their debut The Fair Bitch Project . Which probably gives you a reasonable idea that these guys are n't trying to be the next Queensryche or Dream Theatre . But more on that later.The album in questions tracks glory in titles such as High Heels and Fishnet Stockings , Beerrun , Rough Love -LRB- Tender Heart -RRB- and Deeper . And the first seven tracks of the nine on offer all pretty much sound like the best party you wish you 'd had . Lots of raucous chorus effects , simplistic chorus structures , heads down sturdy riffing and a vocalist who sounds like he could have pulled off the lavender boy vocals of an 80 's pop metal if it were n't for the fact he 'd had so much to drink over the years -LRB- andI mean that in a good way -RRB- . Of the first seven numbers only Juicy Lucy feels out of place as instead of yet another ode to the glories of the ladies this is ... well it 's sort of the same thing in terms of sentiment but delivered in a slow and maudlin fashion which really makes it stand out.Production on this album - which is essentially meant to be approached with your tongue firmly in your cheek - is pretty good and the whole booklet is actually nicely realised with full lyrics and credits etc and a totally appropriate piece of cover art.Oh yeah ... I forgot to tell you about the last two tracks . You know in my opening paragraph where I mentioned they were n't wanting to be the next Queensryche or Dream Theatre ? Well the last two tracks kind of show what these guys would be capable of if they wanted to go in that direction . They are instrumental and musically -LRB- IMHO -RRB- the most interesting tunes here . The boys let fly on these two numbers and sonically it 's such a change from all that preceeded it that you really find yourself wondering what these guys might get up to if they 'd stop singing about beer runs and the delights of the female of the species.This is a good disc to pick up before your next lads gathering . Certainly the sort of thing to be played around the pool table .
 Excellent Speed Heavy Metal From Vikingland !!! Highly Recommended to all Metalheads !!!
 Hey you ! Yeah , you ! Mr. Trendy ! Come here!You 've seen the iTunes advert by now with the KT Tunstallesque guitars going into the boomslap rhythm song of the guy sort of singing/talking , right before that `` I know I heard this somewhere before '' Bada bompa dararara bada bompa dararara chorus , right ? Well , my friend , that is the NME 's latest darlings , Scotland 's own Fratellis.The song is `` Flathead '' and for some reason unbeknownst to any sane person who bought their full-length on import , they are unknown to the greater public stateside . So you have two choices , either buy this and hope their label -LRB- I think it 's Universal -RRB- has sense enough to release the full-length or shell out the $ $ for the full-length of Costello Music and see what the mother country is on about . There 's nary a clinker on this or the full-length . Me ? I 'm mad for it.Signed , epsteinsmutha
 If there 's any justice in the music world , then Glaswegian rockers the Fratellis will be a big rock 'n' roll force.But even if there is n't any justice , you still should listen to the Flathead EP during the wait for their forthcoming full-length album . It contains two songs from the album , two B-sides , and a whole lot of catchy wild-edged rock.It starts off with the title track , a catchy banjoey little number , right before John Lawler starts singing about a mad night out , `` Just because she feeds me well/And she made me talk dirty in a pink hotel . '' Then he lets rip with a scratchy roar
 If you 're a fan of the Fratellis , you 'll want to pick this up . Two album-tracks , and two unreleased songs for a very low price . Great buy !
 I am always looking for upbeat music to start my day or to just get me moving . I purchased the album based on a review I read in the NY Post about the song Flathead and as The Fratellis group being `` the '' band to watch . Neither disapppointed me ! I actually prefer the other songs on the album -LRB- Henrietta , Stacie Anne and Cigarello -RRB- but all in all they are a refreshing sound and a group to watch in the US .
 It 's a sad SAD shame that you do n't get music like this in the United States . This album is a GEM that should not get passed up.Costello Music -LRB- the CD -RRB- contains some of the most toe-tapping upbeat feel-good music you have ever heard . If you ever heard the Ipod commercial that features the track `` Flathead '' then you can be assured the ENTIRE CD contains tracks just as good as this one.It 's not often you pick up and purchase a CD that has good tracks from start to finish.If you can find `` Costello Music '' * ANYWHERE * stop what you are doing and freaking BUY IT !!! If you like bands such as `` The Strokes , Jet , or even bands that date back to the Punk Rock era or the Beatles '' then this is for you!I 'm extremely angry that I had to discover this band from an ITunes commercial and not from U.S. Radio . It only shows you just how commercialized music is in the United States where we are flooded with tracks by Justin Timberlake , Brittney Spears , and The Red Hot Chili Peppers ... Do n't get me wrong - they are * ALL * talented artists who make good music -LRB- I 'm a big fan of just about any type of music -RRB- but it 's SOOOO nice to have a breath of fresh air every once in a while.The Fratellis provide that breath of fresh air with an exquisite compilation of great music.I do n't care what it takes - petition Amazon.com to get `` Costello Music '' added to their list of available CD 's for purchase . Otherwise YOU ARE MISSING OUT ON GREAT MUSIC THAT YOU WO N'T FIND HERE IN THE U.S.A. !!! I hope this review was helpful !
 Flathead is a great song , you know it from the current -LRB- Jan/Feb 2007 -RRB- iTunes/iPod commercial . The song Henrietta is excellent , too , very Beatles-esque . It hit # 19 in the UK . -LRB- You may have also heard a bit of the song `` Chelsea Dagger '' in a current Safeway commercial , but that song is on the not-yet-released-in-the-US LP , not this EP -RRB- . Fun , high-energy punk-pop from a cheeky young Scottish trio . File under work-out or dance music . Jump on this train fast , and tell all your friends.Costello Music -LRB- the full-length album -RRB- was released in the UK on 11th September 2006 , and will drop in the US on the 13th March 2007 -LRB- just over two years since their first ever gig in Glasgow -RRB- . Buy this EP , and then wait for the US release of Costello Music if you can , but if you ca n't , buy the import . Your ears 'll thank you .
 Nice creative work here . Amen to that . . Trouble is , US radio 's business model does n't allow anyone in who wo n't make the dollars . Its all about money here . Beside who gives an expletive if this music does n't get on US radio . You found it and why is n't that enough ? Turn on your hip friends and be part of the underground . When I first discovered bands like the Doors , Cream , and Ten Years After in the 60s , they were n't on the radio either . Check Billboard . They got on with hits and because the suits smelled money . Art , schmart ... so enjoy all thes bands and screw the mainstream . These guys are too good for it . K.T. Tunstull broke in the US and Flathead should but do n't hold your breath . If Apple and Safeway know about them , they may be allowed in , but notice they get co-opted immediately by commerce even before they get discovered by the hipsters . Go listen to the Yardbirds .
 I ca n't believe there 's only one review of this album . I 've now owned it on LP , cassette , and CD -- the last just ordered because I ca n't be without it . Abercrombie 's been a lot of different players in the last 20 or 30 years . Here at least as well as anywhere he combines the lyrical , the fiery , and the atmospheric . It 's a turning point , but of permanent interest to anyone engaged by guitar music , post-60s jazz , or simply American improvisation .
 Guitarist John Abercrombie has recorded dozens of albums in varying configurations , but `` Current Events '' is one of his very best . His playing on each of the range of styles represented here -- from the muted , straight-ahead swing of `` Alice in Wonderland , '' to the perky guitar-synth explorations of `` Hippityville , '' to the hauntingly lyrical meditation of `` Still '' -- would be a career peak for most other guitarists . With the top-notch accompaniment of Marc Johnson on bass and Peter Erskine on drums , Abercrombie often sounds like a guitar player plus a keyboardist here , but the synth-tones he 's using on this album are warm and organic-sounding , unlike the more tart , puckered flavors that have infiltrated his playing in recent years.It 's truly a shame that Abercrombie is not more widely known among the general jazz public . John Scofield has been able to package himself more successfully , but is not nearly as versatile or lyrical a player ; Bill Frisell is brilliant , but Abercrombie has maintained a standard of outright beauty across an astonishing range of music that none of his peers can touch . He 's a national treasure .
 If you 've come to this album looking for John Abercrombie 's high-intensity howling guitar-playing , you 're in for a great disappointment . If , however , you are interested in his gifts as a composer , an interpreter , a technological innovator , and an atmosphere-and-mood-creator par excellence , this album is a must-have . Released in 1986 , Current Events is not only one of Abercrombie 's greatest albums/performances EVER , but also one of the very best albums released by ECM Records in the entire decade.There 's an autumnal melancholy hanging over this album , but it never descends into sentimentality or nostalgia . With the exception of `` Killing Time '' -LRB- an over-the-top improv freak-out -RRB- , it 's mostly calm and peaceful without becoming a soundtrack for massage therapy or a new age healing center . It 's nothing at all like Abercrombie 's disappointing previous -LRB- 1984 -RRB- album , Night . Most will comment on the extensive use of the guitar synthesizer on songs like `` Clint '' and `` Hippityville '' - a quirky pattern is laid down , add Peter Erskine 's solid drums and amazing cymbal work , add Marc Johnson 's rumbling , adventuresome bass-playing , build slowly and solo on top . Abercrombie 's acoustic playing is featured on `` Lisa '' and `` Ralph 's Piano Waltz '' -LRB- originally recorded on the 1975 fusion classic Timeless -RRB- . The two performances that make this album one of the greats are also the two longest . The second song , Sammy Fain and Bob Hilliard 's `` Alice in Wonderland '' -LRB- yes , the Disney one , also covered by Bill Evans -RRB- opens with 1-1/2 minutes of the most hauntingly beautiful guitar playing you will ever hear . Johnson solos over Erskine 's brush work and you have a very unlikely masterpiece . Album-closer `` Still '' is built on a mesmerizing , repeating cadence - close your eyes and you 're in a vast , solemn cathedral listening to chords on the pipe organ . Johnson -LRB- bass -RRB- and Abercrombie -LRB- acoustic guitar -RRB- both have their say before it fades into nothingness . The effect is absolutely unforgetable , embedding itself in the memory long after it 's over . Still indeed.Give John Abercrombie credit for departing from expectations and giving us something truly different and memorable . He would continue with the guitar synthesizer , and with Johnson and Erskine for the rest of the 1980s , but never came close to matching the atmospheres captured on Current Events . While some will dismiss this as an experiment gone wrong or `` mindless noodling '' , I for one am thankful he was willing to take chances , and we have this album today .
 This is an amazing CD . Abercrombie only made about 3 CD 's during the 80 's early 90 's with the guitar synth before he scrapped that and turned to the classical/jazz sound he has favored since then . There was an energy in the 80 's in jazz where there was a feeling of something new again and I think it really was the last great decade of jazz . And there was such a melding back then between jazz and pop , whether it was Miles or Sting 's first solo Cd , U2 or what Pat Metheny was doing . We underestimate how `` smooth jazz '' has rotted out the form from the inside out . Honestly , I ca n't remember the last time I heard something both technically flawless and as moving as this.What Abercrombie does with the guitar synth here was just really great . You never feel like your listening to a trio . Within a melodic context he constantly deconstructs his own solos like on Clint or Hippityville . For the beginning guitar student THERE IS A LIFETIME 'S WORTH OF GUITAR LESSONS HERE . I 've been playing for 30 years and still learn new things whenever I hear this one ...
 I 'm not a reviewer but need to say this
 His voice is not what it used to be but back in the late 60 's and 70 's the James Cotton Band was the hottest BLUES band period . With Matt Murphy on guitar , James ripped the roof off so many places they started calling him `` MR.SUPERHARP '' . When I ask Kim Wilson of the Fab Tbirds about James , Kim says his singing and playing speaks for itself . I consider this the absolute best of James 's many Live recordings . It was released in 1976 . -LRB- ... -RRB- In my Top 5 Alltime Blues CDs . I listen to this between 7 and 10 on the volume control depending on my mood . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is a typical James Cotton high energy set ! This disc highlights what he does best - fast paced and furious blues with plenty of harp solos and guitar solos by one of the masters - Matt `` Guitar '' Murphy . I own or have listened to just about every James Cotton disc that was recorded live -LRB- I am missing Live an Antones -RRB- , and this is one of my favorites -LRB- behind Live at Electric Lady -RRB- . The highlights of this disc include
 This band is very well colaborated ... everything comes together so amazingly ... from the vocals to the guitars and the drums ... The lyrics are well thought out , and are very meaningful and powerful ... You wont be dissapointed in this album .
 Earth and Fire is such a wonderful Dutch prog band and it is a shame that they are so overlooked . I personally find the combination of the excellent voice of female vocalist Jerney Kaagman , extensive use of the mellotron -LRB- with string setting -RRB- , and haunting melodies irresistible . The pieces on this 1971 album range from the psychedelic pop of the 2 '46 Carnival of the Animals to the proggy Song of the Marching Children suite , which reaches approximately 18 minutes in length . There is a great deal of dramatic/gothic imagery on the album , which is nicely conveyed through the music and more importantly , the lyrics -LRB- written by the three person writing team of guitarist Hans Zeich , keyboardist Gerard Koertz and brother Chris Koertz on lead guitar -RRB- . Like a lot of progressive rock , references to the natural world abound in the lyrics on this album , including forest animals , a lonely walk along the shoreline , a rainstorm etc. along with gloomy and impenetrably `` cosmic '' imagery , e.g. , the marching children , the `` crack of doom '' , and `` laurel wreaths for future graves '' . The musicians themselves are very good , and the hallmarks of prog are more or less in place including decent ensemble work , loads of Hammond organ/mellotron , excellent electric/acoustic guitar work , and solid drumming from Ton van der Kleij . Although the superb vocals of Jerney Kaagman are featured on most pieces , there is an instrumental piece -LRB- In the Mountains -RRB- , and large sections of the Song of the Marching Children suite are instrumental . This limited Japanese reissue is a bit expensive but worth it . The original album art has been reproduced in a mini-LP format and the sound quality is excellent . Five bonus tracks have been added on , including the singles Song of the Marching Children/Invitation -LRB- released in 1971 -RRB- , Storm and Thunder/Lost Forever -LRB- Lost Forever sounds like a Black Sabbath track -RRB- -LRB- both were released in 1972 -RRB- , and Memories -LRB- which was also released in 1972 -RRB- . The bonus tracks are OK and although they add a historical perspective , really do n't add too much else -LRB- they are just singles after all -RRB- . All in all , this is a brilliant album and is very highly recommended along with Atlantis -LRB- 1973 -RRB- . Unfortunately , following the Atlantis album , Earth and Fire started sounding a lot like ABBA by 1975 or so .
 One of Holland 's prime exponents on the symphonic scene of the 70 's . This albums has some gorgeous mellotron parts , especially heard on the long , fantastic title track . The first track , `` Carnival of the animals '' is a playful tune with ... great voice . `` Ebbtide '' is another catchy track with melodious hooks . The atmospheric `` Storm and thunder '' with its dramatic musical contrasts is another great track . But the titel track is the jewel in the crown here . Existing of smaller musical parts , creating a bigger whole . And that heavenly mellotron really shines on this recording .
 I have been a fan of Jes and Vic since ' 96 . Saw them several times in Indy . Most recently saw Jes solo in May 02 . Still as strong in every way as before . Even improved !! The best thing about this group are the players and their personalities , aside from the terrific music and lyrics.They are always accessible and friendly , even when someone goofs up the house sound!There are no bad song on this album but there are a few distinct standouts.Happy Angelina was their regional hit that got play on Q-95 -LRB- local classic rock station -RRB- . About You has a sweet twang in the guitar riff , and the chrous is simply beautiful.Another Heloo features Jes ' wife Vicky - hauntingly beautiful voice . This song is deep - hang on to you heart!For Old Time 's Sake is an acoustic classic tune of a lover lamenting over his late lover . If this does n't get your girl back , then nothing will.Full Circle is a song of praise for what Jesus has given him -LRB- and us -RRB- . Beautifully inspirational tune with a magical depth in its lyrics.It 's All Over but the Crying - another love song but this one is different than most . Catchy chorus , nice hooks and perfecy vocals.Sweet Calm - another featuring Vic . Clever guitar riff opens it and then is blooms from there !! The Eyes Have It - the rocker on this album . Funky pickin ' and some jangly lyrics . Emphasizes Jes ' vocalization and style.Overall - damn fine album that needs more ears to get it into the national market !! ...
 I agree that if you buy only one Mix-A-Lot album , this should be the one . It is funny , clever , and bumpin ' . It 's not the perfect album , but it shows both Mix 's strengths and weaknesses.Mix 's strength are the songs that are funny , or at least tongue-in-cheek , and `` Beepers '' , `` My Hooptie '' , `` Gortex '' , `` I Got Game '' , and `` Something About My Benzo '' are all brilliant . Mix 's self-deprecating in the midst of boasting are what make his song lyrics great.For example , in `` I Got Game '' -LRB- I think Mix 's all-around best song -RRB- , a great , driving cut about a day in which he goes out to pick up as many freaks as he can , after picking up one girl , he says `` Roll to the hotel/game was strong/she thought I spent bank/but I really spent coupons '' . The lyrics to this song are all playa.Mix 's weakness is for songs that potray him as hard , or songs with a serious message . On this album , they clash , and the serious songs do n't make a good showing . `` My Bad Side '' is a hard hitting rap song where Mix is mad , and it works , as does `` I 'll Roll You Up '' , but `` Seminar '' , `` National Anthem '' , and `` Peek-A-Boo Game '' , other songs where he takes a serious tone , fall flat and sound preachy and tedious . That 's especially true for `` National Anthem '' , which while it may have a serious message , does n't fit at all between the hilarious `` Beepers '' and the odd , funny `` Gortex '' . I actually just skip the serious songs when I listen.And the oddest sounding song on the album , a funny , slow-ride , take-it-easy rap about Mercedes Benzes that makes you wish you own one , `` Something About My Benzo '' , should really be more of a classic . `` Not one I got three/I collect 'em you see / an SEL , a 190 , and and SEC '' . On the whole though , this album is the bomb , because the good songs are really , really good , Mix 's beats are strong , and his lyrics are tight and humorous . This is a great classic hip hop album . You should own it !
 I love Mixalot , who would of thought a 40 year old white guy jammin to Mix . One of the best cd 's ever in my mind . Go mix !
 This album has some great songs . I used to have this on tape and I wanted to get the album again and it has songs that I 've not heard in awhile .
 If you think Mixalot is all about baby got back and thats it then you have to listen to this album . From the fast tempo track SEMINAR to the eerie story of PEEK-A-BOO GAME to the hard knock beat of NATIONAL ANTHEM this album fails to dissapoint . In my opinion this is in the top 100 rap/hip-hop albums of all time . Pick this one up you wont regret it .
 this takes me back . . all the tracks are so good . . me and my best friend in high school used to bump the cassette tape over and over . . recently got it on cd . . the only bad thing is mix had to re-do the peek-a-boo song . . i guess sioxie and the banshees didnt approve or get their cut . . anyways great cd . .
 All the songs on this album rock ! A must have for anyone who likes old-school or funny type rap !
 If you buy only one Mix-A-Lot album , make sure it 's Seminar . Mix has a style all his own . First , you can understand what the heck he 's saying . That gives him a step up on many of the rap community . Next , he does not promote doing drugs . Another step up ... Furthermore , his basslines never disappoint . This album is a must to show off your system 's woofer output . Finally , I love his tough edge twisted with great comedic wit.This is Mix for true rap fans . Baby Got Back may be his best selling song , but I prefer Seminar with title track , Somethin' bout my Benzo , Gortex -LRB- which I sing every time I hear the word -RRB- , and Hooptie . Hooptie is a classic example of Mix-A-Lot . Comedy , rhyming skills , and basslines all mixed in a perfect package.Must have for anyone that wants a rap representation in their collection or for the huge rap fans.Posse up ! - A
 After the success of his debut , `` Swass '' , Sir Mix-A-Lot does n't take long to record a follow-up . `` Seminar '' was released two years later in 1989 and spawned such hits as `` Beepers '' and `` My Hooptie . `` 1 . Seminar - 4.5 / 52 . Beepers - 3.5 / 53 . National Anthem - 4.5 / 54 . My Hooptie - 4/55 . Gortex - 4/56 . The -LRB- Peek-A-Boo -RRB- Game - 4.5 / 57 . I Got Game - 4.5 / 58 . I 'll Roll You Up - 3.5 / 59 . Something About My Benzo - 2/510 . My Bad Side - 4.5 / 5Overall :39.5 / 503.5 StarsBack when I was younger I used to love this album , but now I realize Mix did n't really have any creativity in the hooks and thats mainly what brings this album down . Also the god awful `` Something About My Benzo '' is just straight up wackness . Mix has one of the most distinct voices and flows in the game . Still check this album out though because besides the hooks , Mix tears it up !
 This is the music that delights me when I 'm starting to wonder where all the beauty in my life went .
 This is a classic example of an efficient dark pop album . Michael Carrodus ' vocals have an Ian Curtis appeal and fit the songs well . The lyrics and keyboards keep the whole thing firmly ensconced in eighties new wave/goth . Half of these songs would do well on college radio.Their cover of Death In June 's `` Fall Apart '' breathes new life into the song . `` Black Roses '' strikes the best balance among my-woman-is-heartless lyrics , 80s-era synth drums , and Mission UK melodies . `` Suicide '' is the standout mood piece , slow and dirgy though the singing and lyrics are weak . If you have n't eaten a bullet after that song , `` Love Is Colder Than Death '' is actually a pretty peppy tune.After Carrodus left to seek new heights of obscurity , Ikon went in a more electronic direction . `` In The Shadow of The Angel '' is a good introduction , and a solid `` B '' in goth pop .
 When I first heard this album , my impression was that it was just another gothic rock band trying to emulate The Sisters of Mercy . I found it average in every way at the time , but with each subsequent listen , I found myself liking `` In the Shadow of the Angel '' more . Now that I think about it , it 's not that surprising ; That 's how it progressed for me with Nosferatu , and even The Sisters.Anyway , the album is immensely catchy all the way , starting with the sacrilegious opener `` Condemnation '' , and carrying right into `` Lord of Darkness '' , whose chorus `` As I walk into the darkness , I turn and walk away '' will be hammering through your brain for days on end . The same can be said for `` Hallowed Ground '' . Next is the angst-ridden `` Secrets Within '' which bares a nice touch of emotion . `` Black Roses '' is a definite favorite of the album -LRB- which is saying something , because they 're all great -RRB- ; it could easily become a goth club anthem . The album progresses quite nicely , and tracks flow together perfectly . Ikon managed to keep plenty of variety between each song , while keeping their signature sound present . While the band do bear a similarity to the Sisters of Mercy -LRB- what goth band does n't anyway ? -RRB- , it 's not near as bad as I once thought . They draw from them as influences , but have far evolved with it . It 's what they add to the tired old sound that makes the music such a breath of fresh air .
 This album represents Ikon as they finally crafted skill , both musically and atmospherically . The songs shimmer with warmth and coldness . One will find many images come to mind durring the listening and soul enhancement.Jangly Guitars , Pounding Drums , Driving Bass , along with a Deep Resonating Voice -- everything goth music is defined by -LRB- worry not this album is techno free ! -RRB- . Nice mid-tempos to set the mood . Everything here is crisp and polished.The lyrics are a tad on the simplistic side , but Michael Alliani gets to the point with ruthless vindication and focus , straight to the heart of the matter ...
 Ikon is considered ` goth ' I guess , and I picked this up years after it appeared , but it 's decent enough dark rock . This was the first singer , Michael C , about the most truly depressed man in rock history . Sounding 100 % like Ian Curtis , he goes through some lyrics that sound significantly less than anything Curtis penned , and yet the music saves the band again.The production is good , most of the songs have a nice , fat heavy bass , a pounding drum machine -LRB- though they used a real drummer sometimes -RRB- and a lot of it sounds like a very early , very depressed U2.The guy just finally gets on with it and actually writes a song called ` Suicide ' . As if the previous 20 or so songs were n't about how unhappy he is , he just flat tells us . He later split with the band ; one wonders why.I think A Moment in Time is a much stronger disc than this , but this is pretty close in sound and tone . The singer is very depressed , yet the music never is -- it 's actually driving , sometimes ... hopeful .
 `` Black Roses , '' `` Fall Apart , '' `` Hallowed Ground , '' and the title track are the best songs on this album that follows every goth trend to the letter , and yet somehow makes a good collection of music that is heavy both in emotion and in subject matter . The dirge rhythms are there , as well as the dirty bass -LRB- a la Peter Hook 's ground-breaking style -RRB- , and the dark vocals -LRB- a la the late great Ian Curtis -RRB- . Basically , it is nothing new or ground-breaking , but it is a good listen that angers as well as soothes . Just as goth music should ...
 The mayority of the people assume that IKON took only influences from Joy Division , I think this band worships Dead in June 's work . Two examples `` Fall Apart '' and `` Distant Memory '' . I 'd love to listen this songs with a real drummer .
 There was a period about two weeks ago where it seemed like just about every single work day began by playing this newest album from In The Country . There 's something about it that 's just right for the beginning of the day , as it 's not too heavy , but it 's engaging and dynamic enough to get a mind clicking on all cylinders . Not only that , but a playful and yet sometimes very dark sense of humor runs through it all , it 's by no means downcast but with just enough sprinkles of cynicism to let you know you 're not alone while putting in your time behind the punch clock.An atypical piano trio , the young bunch of Norwegians are led by pianist Morten Qvenild , who also spends time as half of Susanna And The Magic Orchestra and moonlights in Shining . Mixing little bits of pop , folk , and blues into their sound , the group definitely does n't stick to playing jazz standards , and the result is another engaging batch of music.Opener `` My Best Friend Is A Dancer '' is a perfect personification of the track title , gracefully moving from light piano and bass interplay through several sections of odd time signatures and finally a more powerful finale without ever sounding like it 's going to trip over its own toes . `` Hello Walt '' follows , and the four-minute song rolls like a well-honed pop track , with quiet sections giving way to gangbusters choruses , with Qvenild showing off some serious chops while the rhythm section gets on it behind him.The darker sense of humor shines through brightly on `` Everyone Live Their Life , '' another more pop/rock influenced track that incorporates some world weary vocals -LRB- including the bleak line ` Everyone 's going to die / Everyone live their life ' -RRB- that weave perfectly into the track that gets downright lush as it fills out with loads of percussion , organs , and a chorus . On the killer `` Torch - Fishing , '' the piano even takes a bit of a back seat as Marc Ribot joins in and lays down some fiery guitar work that seems right at home amongst the slew of versatile songs on the album.Even more so than their debut This Was The Pace Of My Heartbeat , Losing Stones , Collecting Bones is a twisting and turning journey that is n't content to stay in one place , but is n't willfully wild or inaccessible either . You know the group is n't taking themselves too seriously when there 's a track named `` Kung Fu Boys '' that morphs from late-nite bedroom lullaby into a luscious romp . For eleven songs and just under an hour , In The Country has created something that 's great for mornings , but works at any other time as well . -LRB- from almost cool music reviews -RRB-
 Man this song is totally off tha hook . I heard it and i check every online store to see if they had it . JD & Amil are the bomb and man i am lost for words ... , just go get it .
 the A Cappella verson is so off the hook . . i like this cd alot but i think the album verison is missin some elements . . i cant wait to hear her whole cd.The Track DONT CRY is tight also , its a little bit different from any other slow jams but its hot : -RRB-
 I ASKED YOU THAT QUESTON BECAUSE I REALLY WANTED TO HEAR ALL THE SONGS THAT I CHOOSE AND THE PEOPLE THAT ARE PLAYING THE CD THEY SHOULD ALL THE SONGS IF THEY ARE GOING TO PLAY THE CD . THANKYOU
 If you have n't heard this , you 'd better hop on it . Tamar is very talented and you can trust me when I say you will be hearing a LOT MORE from her.Hi Tamar ... this is Bird . You go , girl !
 If you want performances on period instruments - and you do - this volume of two with the complete violin sonatas makes an easy choice . Natural , intimate performances - like an animated conversation between two old friends . I did n't know the performers but after hearing this , I do not hesitate to say that their achievements compare favourably with the best
 I bought both volumes of these sonatas after hearing only the first track and have not for a moment regretted the decision to do so . In college , I had the opportunity to play and become intimately acquainted with these sonatas . Being partial to ` period ' performance , I have always been on the lookout for a good ` historically informed ' recording and Breitman and Rivest do n't fail to deliver . These are sonatas for fortepiano and violin , not violin sonatas and Breitman and Rivest 's approach always keeps that cardinal rule of these pieces in mind . The transparent timbre of the gut-strung violin and fortepiano lend a clarity to these sonatas not often found in a lot of other recordings . The impeccable technique of both artists with the judicious use of vibrato by Rivest adds to that clarity . A wonderful opportunity for those who think they do n't like period performances to become aquainted with the practice .
 Now this video was from a few years back but Cher still knew how to wow and entertain and audence . This is a must dvd for all Cher fans .
 I saw this concert in person while she was touring the US in the early 90 's and it was a thrill to see her in person working the stage like no other female entertainer today ! She really makes an effort not just to perform well , but to connect with each person . I was thoroughly entertained and that 's why I purchased the DVD . Her rendition of `` Many Rivers To Cross '' was so heartfelt , it brought me to tears . I could relate !
 Do n't Miss This One . Great Cher ! Great music digitally mastered . Cher sings and moves non-stop . Running time is a full 60 minutes . The cover artwork is very nice and sweet .
 No one can take her place , she 's a natural DIVA from all the times ! I just hope that she 'll get new stuff soon , ` cos fans all over the world are going crazy . CHER we love you so much , and we need to see you again , at least with a new single , album , whatever , as soon as you can !
 This is CHER at her best . !!! Watch this and you will see why she has been around for so long .
 I originally bought the VHS version of this 1990 concert and I really like it . That version released in 1992 was cutted to 13 songs , leaving behind hits such as `` JUST LIKE JESSE JAMES '' or `` HEART OF STONE '' . Now this re-release on DVD is loaded with special features such as an alternative opening , a big blooper from a concert of this tour that started and Cher 's microphone was n't working , a TV Commercial promoting the the tour , a backstage of home movies with Cher 's commentary -LRB- Cher makes some comentaries throughout the development of the DVD -RRB- , a clip from `` HEART OF STONE '' -LRB- song -RRB- with a personal camera , photo gallery and a cut from footage of Cher 's crew backstage . Next to this extras you can find the tracks `` TAKIN ' IT TO THE STREETS '' , `` HOLD ON '' , `` MANY RIVERS TO CROSS '' and `` TOUGHER THAN THE REST '' with multi-angles of your choice . What I find ridiculous is that on the VHS version this songs were on the concert on its part of the show but now they appear as speacial features . And well I still wonder why they did n't release the WHOLE show without cutting it to just 13 songs . Well I believe that we still have to wait for that version.Other than this , I can say that the show is really good and even tough the production is n't as her `` Believe Tour '' or as the `` Farewell Tour '' , you can enjoy hits such as `` IF I COULD TURN BACK TIME '' , `` I FOUND SOMEONE '' , `` WE ALL SLEEP ALONE '' between others and Cher was at her best . If it was n't for all the cuts , I would 've rated it with 5 stars .
 This is definitely an interestesting DVD for any casual Cher fan . The perforances are fun -LRB- though really cheesy at times , but that 's part of the wonderfulness that is Cher -RRB- and the extras are great . I think one of the coolest parts of this DVD are the little introductions Cher does before you play most of the special features . And her commentary during the little backstage documentary is cute
 She has given us so much for so long . I am UK resident and had never seen a show of Cher 's until they aired it on a TV channel here late one night and I taped it . The interaction with the crowd , dancers and at times the band showed her great need to involve everybody in the show and you could n't help but feel at times she was having a helluva good time doing it.Some of my all-time favourite songs with a couple it took me ages to track down . I always remember her saying something along the lines of , ` remember how we look wearing all these clothes , because thats as dressed as we get ' much to wolf whistles of the crowd.Perfection , Takin it to the Streets , If I could turn back time.She belted them all out , and she still found time to nip back stage , completely change her clothes and costume every so often and get back out again , a fully moving stage that had decks throughout gave her a crazy platform to sing from , one minute shes on the walkway , next minute shes up on a scaffold with guys playing pool.A lot of time and energy went into that show and it puts some of todays shows to shame . This is from a time when a show was a complete spectacle and a wonder to behold.I have seen Cher in concert over here since and that was astronomical ... but this is the performance I always think back on , maybe because it was the first I saw.There will only be one Cher , copied but never equalled !
 Exquisite showcase of Cher and her talents . Looks great , sounds great . Five stars from this long term -LRB- 33 year -RRB- fan . The Extra and Bonus offerings are fantastic with angle options and rehearsal options . It does n't get any better tan this .
 This is a treasure for Cher collectors of all ages . There are actually two concerts on this dvd ! First , there is the CBS special , then there is a specail feature on the dvd that allows you to watch the `` rehearsal '' of the cbs special . Cher in her normal everyday wear and sounding fabulous . Only drawback is the video footage of the rehearsal show is not professional , but it is a keepsake for CHER fans everywhere ! A must have . There are also extras ; crew footage describing Cher in food terms , commercial for the tour , etc. .
 You could not ask for a better performance by anyone . This woman has done everything fantastic in her career and just continues to improve with age . If you enjoy this DVD try checking out her `` Farewell Tour '' which is just as good if not better than the previous DVD . I plan on going to see her soon as she performs in Las Vegas on a regular basis . Lets hear it for the top DIVA around . Nice Job all the way around !!
 Any one who 's a fan of Cher will like this video , the songs include
 Truly an Extravaganza . Cher puts her heart and soul , a lot of sweat , and not much clothing , into this show . She sings some great songs . Including ones from The Eagles , Bob Seger , and the Dooby Brothers .
 Bought it on Amazon and am proud to say that I loved it ! Cher never ceases to amaze her fans with outrageous , fantastic and lively performances . I 've learned a little bit more about her by watching the Extras at the end of the DVD . It 's not the best quality film , and it is dated back to 1991 ... but seeing this concert on DVD is a true treat to any of Cher 's fans both old & new . There 's definitely something for everyone , including the `` Peppy Old Men '' , as Cher puts it.It 's fun to see the same gang of people in Cher 's entourage back then , as in the `` Believe '' and `` Farewell Tour '' DVDs . The backup singing is powerful as ever , showing us that Cher & her team only get better with each tour . And of course , Cher never looked so good ! Her big hair and sexy peekaboo `` Nearly-Naked '' outfits rock ! This is definitely my favorite `` Cher '' image . My DVD does n't come with a booklet or liner notes -LRB- credits -RRB- . I 'm not sure if the entire batch are like this . The bonus material is fun . I appreciate Cher even more now , than before . Thank You , Cher , for releasing this fab DVD . I knew we could count on you ! Cher belts out each song almost exactly as in her studio recordings , yet you can tell she 's truly not a lip-syncher or phony . This is definitely a Must-Have in your Cher collection!Tracklisting -LRB- Features -RRB- 01 - Opening/After All02 - I 'm No Angel03 - We All Sleep Alone04 - Bang Bang05 - I Found Someone06 - Take It To The Limit -LRB- Eagles Cover Tune -RRB- 07 - If I Could Turn Back Time08 - Perfection09 - Fire Down Below10 - Takin ' It To The Streets11 - After AllBonus Songs :01 - Hold On02 - Takin ' It To The Streets03 - Many Rivers To Cross04 - Tougher Than The RestExtras :01 - Alternate Opening02 - Cher 's Big Blooper03 - Backstage Home Movies With Cher Commentary04 - I Survived The 1990 Tour05 - Heart Of Stone -LRB- live clip -RRB- 06 - Photo GalleryBonus Performances -LRB- Multi-Angle -RRB- : - Cher at the Mirage - Cher 's Rehearsal - Cher on TourAdditional Info : - Approx Running Time
 For those of you who notice how people are so drawn to this multi-faceted and talented star , this is the concert that tells you why . The show , shot in 1991 toward the end of her Heart Of Stone Tour , is the result and culmination of many years of hard work and reinvention . In her own eyes , Cher is always Cher , but the public perception of her has changed through the years , and it is easy to see that in retrospect . Throughout her 60 's folk-rock era and subsequent nightclub act , from her transformation to Vogue model and TV variety star , then Vegas act and Disco diva , Cher persevered . But it was her 1980 stint as lead singer in a band , Black Rose , where the public was given a hint of what was truly inside this woman . The band was not a hit , but Cher 's instinct to do full head-on Rock and Roll was . Combining that element with her knowledge of making a pop song her own is Cher 's greatest gift.So when it came time to record again after six years , after establishing true artistic credibility as an actress , she applied that same passion to turn out the hits , `` I Found Someone '' , `` We All Sleep Alone '' , `` After All '' , and her now all-time classic `` If I Could Turn Back Time '' , which was released right before the start of the tour in 1989 . This DVD release is the CBS special that aired by tour 's end.All the extra tracks on the previously released VHS version appear on the DVD as Bonus Songs . You get everything , plus more . The extras are superb.Among my favorite cover tracks are Eddie Money 's `` Hold On '' -LRB- it wonderfully suits her vocal style -RRB- , her rockin ' , sexy take on Greg Allman 's `` I 'm No Angel '' , and the unforgettable gem `` Many Rivers To Cross '' , which Cher sings as though she wrote it herself -LRB- she gave all of us in the audience chills when I first heard her sing it in Atlantic City - I heard her sing in a way I never heard - her true heart , soul and guts are in that song -RRB- . That song , more than any other , demonstrates a Cher rarely heard on CD.What is particularly special is that with the angle button on your DVD remote you can access different performances of the same song from various stages of her tour . You get some that show her in rehearsal before a private audience , and you get some showing clips from the beginning of the `` Heart Of Stone Tour 89 '' before it became `` Tour 90 '' -LRB- I saw both in person , and to my surprise , I was in attendance during one of the clips ! -RRB- . Cher had a hand in this DVD version , and what she gives here is a real treat for the collector.As someone who met her three times , I remember the first time when I mentioned how I loved Black Rose , and that direction for her musically . With `` Live At The Mirage '' her vision is fully realized.Even with her style changes in the late nineties - by that time Cher evolved into a Techno-Dance queen - it is hard to categorize her . Cher is a category unto herself . If you love the rock goddess , fear no more , for I predict the ultimate rock resurrection is soon to come .
 Killer concert , great songs , Cher at her best ! Truly an extravaganza
 IF YOU THOUGHT THAT `` THE FAREWELL TOUR '' WAS GORGEOUS , WHEN YOU SEE THIS REAL EXTRAVAGANZA , YOU 'LL REALIZE YOU WERE WRONG . TAKEN FROM HER `` HEART OF STONE TOUR '' THIS CONCERT WAS FILMED AT THE MIRAGE IN LAS VEGAS IN THE LATE 80 'S -LSB- ACTUALLY I DO N'T KNOW WHY IT WAS RELEASED UNTIL 1992 -RSB- . THIS VIDEO SHOWS CHER AT HER BEST , A SEXIER THAN EVER CHER ... WEARING SOME OF HER MOST EMBLEMATIC OUTFITS -LSB- `` BANG BANG '' - `` FOUND SOMEONE '' SET -RSB- . AND NOT JUST THAT ... HER VOICE PERFORMANCE IS AWESOME ! HER COREOGRAPHIES ROCK!SOMETHING VERY ATTRACTIVE IS THE FACT OF CHER SINGS SOME COVERS FROM HER FAVORITE GROUPS , AND SHE REALLY DOES WELL.AFTER WATCHING THIS DVD YOU 'LL AGREE WITH ME ; CHER IS THE GREATEST FEMALE ARTIST OF ALL TIMES .
 This DVD will have the same tracklist as the VHS , plus lots of bonus material !
 flawless performance by the most fabulous woman alive . worth owning just for ` many rivers to cross ' .
 THIS IS A WONDERFUL PERFOMANCE , THAT I SAW LIVE IN 1992 ... AS I REMEMBER , IT ... SEEMS THAT MORE THAN 30 MINUTES , HAVE BEEN CUT FROM THIS CONCERT ... STILL THE MEMORIES HAVE BEEN WELL PRESERVED , FOR ALL TO SEE.BRAVO ... I OWN THE VHS AND HAVE JUST ORDERED THE DVD.A MUST BUY FOR CHER FANS ... THE DVD WAS ON SALE ON AMAZON , FOR 10.49 WOW .
 Lacee is a wonderful singer . I have Her second CD did not know that she had a 1st Cd until a friend told me so , I just had to get it . nice Music and wonderful voice .
 I got this because of my fav . song which is red . However , I fell in love with the whole cd .
 HIGH VELOCITY is about a businessman 's kidnapping by terrorists in the Philippines and a rescue attempt , by American former guerrilla fighters in Viet Nam , which goes bad . Goldsmith did his usual terrific job on the score.track list :1 . Welcome to the Philippines / The Observers / The Sniper -LRB- 5:59 -RRB- 2 . The Night Before -LRB- 2:16 -RRB- 3 . The Mafia Marines -LRB- 2:06 -RRB- 4 . The Hostage -LRB- 3:07 -RRB- 5 . The Mission Begins -LRB- 4:23 -RRB- 6 . The Rope Trick -LRB- 1:48 -RRB- 7 . Night Flight -LRB- 2:11 -RRB- 8 . The Ring / Not Thirsty -LRB- 2:47 -RRB- 9 . The Archer -LRB- 2:19 -RRB- 10 . Just a Little More / No Victories / End Title -LRB- 4:07 -RRB- `` Welcome to the Philippines '' , which makes up the first 2:22 of track 1 , is performed by guitars , marimba , bass , maracas and drums joined briefly by flute . Its rhythm is fascinating . The lead guitar and the flute play in a relaxed common meter of 4/4 while the rhythm section of guitar , bass and percussion plays triplets but stresses them in a characteristic latin compound meter , an alternating 6/8 and 3/4 -LRB- counted
 I have listened to the CD several times . Anthony Robbins always knows how to put the information in a language that speaks to everyone . Very informative and instructional . Easy to follow .
 Tony really motivates me . He gives great principle for how to lead your life through the everyday struggles that when known about , you can avoid and lead a successful , fullfilling life .
 Peter Gabriel 's third album , know by the distorted image of Gabriel on the front cover , as Melt , is without a doubt an awesome collection of prog rock music . Everything Gabriel touches turns to gold on this cd . The opening track `` Intruder '' is a great starter , setting a dark , sinister tone , with a steady drum beat , and gothic piano driving much of the song . `` No Self-Control '' is song which captures the frantic pace of life , while making good use of a xylophone , with Kate Bush singing backup . `` Start '' is a slower instrumental piece , with a beautiful intermingling of synth and saxophone , played by Dick Morressey , a brief interlude before jumping into `` I Do n't Remember '' a classic Gabriel track , ostensibly about the perils of an empty head . `` Family Snapshot '' is one of my favorite tracks , about an assasination , by a man who 's grown up through a sad chilhood , his mother and father apparently divorcing . A somewhat weaker track is `` And Through the Wire '' , although it is up tempo , and gives me an impression of someone apparently looking through a wire fence of a self made prison . Next is the classic `` Games Without Frontiers '' with Kate Bush singing in a sexy , breathy voice `` Jeux sans frontieres '' , and reminds me a bit of `` Lord of the Flies '' , I like the dark sense of this song . `` Not One of Us '' is a song about conformity , or the lack thereof . `` Lead a Normal Life '' is a soft , somber piece , evidently about someone in a mental institution being told `` We want to see you lead a normal life '' . The piano is haunting in this track . The last track is the phenomenal song `` Biko '' , a tribute to Steve Biko , a noted black South African anti-apartheid activist who died after being ` interrogated ' . It 's a powerful song , with a steady beat kept by Phil Collins , and Gabriel 's emotional voice singing `` Yihla Moja , Yihla Moja , the man is dead '' . It 's a song that always moves me , and one that will move you . As it ends Gabriel sings `` And the eyes of the world are watching now '' , very powerful stuff.It 's albums like this one that have given Peter Gabriel a well deserved reputation as a musical and artist genius . I 'd highly recommend this cd to anyone .
 Luis Mejia -LRB- son -RRB- - Generally speaking , its notorious that the most intriguing fase in Peter Gabriel 's music is the one kept in his first four albums , until So , which leads into a more commercial fase . Peter Gabriel 3
 I love Intruder , my favorite track . One of my favorite early Peter Gabriel Albums .
 Definately not . It takes a genius to put out something this unusually perfect . This is basically a gathering of musical greats , all on the same page . Gregory , and Weller on guitar , and Robert Fripp on the frippertronics . Jerry Marotta and Phil Collins on the skins , and Tony Levin as the anchor on Bass . Intruder creeps into your head and leaves an uneasy feeling . If you 've seen the video , I Do n't Remember is his way of letting go of his Genesis past , and it 's a great song that stays with you . Levin 's driving bass makes this a classic . Games Without Frontiers , Family Snapshot , Not one of Us , and Biko are all outstanding tracks . There really is n't a bad track on here . Peter Gabriel III , Melt , is kind of a Socio-political stand that you can identify with on many levels . It 's both musically and lyrically deep , and when you 've finished listening to it , you 're left wondering if there is something your 're missing . It 's uneasy and beatiful all at the same time .
 If you like Peter Gabriel then you 're going to love this CD.I ca n't say much more than what 's already been said about this awesome CD from the rest of the reviews .
 INTRUDER 'S HAPPY IN THE DDDDAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRKKKKKKKKKK !!!!! It was 1980 , Gabriel was going solo for the past 3 years at this point . The previous album `` Peter Gabriel 2
 For a long time I did n't know how to stop listening to this album . Up until SO this is probably his most accessible record , but it 's a very weird one as well . It starts off with `` Intruder , '' with a hypnotic drum into and suspenseful chords telling the story of a man who knows `` how to creep across creaky wooden floors . '' The album starts off unsettling , and then we go into `` No Self Control , '' a man who has OCD , with one of the most thrilling choruses I 've ever heard . `` Start '' is a synth intro to `` I Do n't Remember '' and it 's a plot-setter type of track like those instrumentals in The Lamb lies Down On Broadway , Gabriel 's stellar finale with Genesis . Then after 1:20 , we go into one of the most disturbing cuts on the album , with Peter 's manic howl letting the guitars in . `` Family Snapshot '' is an emotional view of an assassin who shoots a politician before flashing back to a lonely childhood with a souring relationship between his parents , with some very emotional vocals by Gabriel -LRB- his specialty -RRB- . `` And Through The Wire '' and `` Games Without Frontiers '' are probably the two ` pop ' songs on the album , with catchy hooks . `` Not One Of Us , '' is a song dealing with conformity containing the quote `` It 's only water in a stranger 's tear . '' Then there 's the mostly instrumental `` Lead A Normal Life , '' before the finale and ultimately the focal point on the album , `` Biko '' a tribute to the South African anti-apartheid icon Stephen Biko who was murdered in prison in 1977 . With emotional lyrics and vocals by Gabriel , it 's easily the best protest song of the 1980s , and one of the best songs ever .
 I love this album and probably always will.I have n't read all of the MILLIONS of previous reviews , so I apologize in advance if this has already been mentioned ... There are no cymbals on this album . No crashes or splashes , no rides , no hi-hats . No chinas ! It was a brilliant and very effective idea that subtly helped create the dark and powerful feel of this album . A true work of art .
 If you are interested in exploring Peter Gabriel 's solo career , here is where to start . This is my favourite Gabriel album , although I have liked everything I heard from him.Almost all the songs on this album are excellent and all so different . It begins with the excellent song Intruder , with its pounding beat and creepy lyrics . No Self Control , which is about addiction , as the title suggests , is also pretty good , but the next track Start , is just filler material . It gets better however with I Do n't Remember , which is a song about an amnesiac . Family Snapshot is the best song on the album and is also more on the progressive side . Similar to his work with Genesis , this is a story . Based on the JFK assisination , its about a neglected child who grows up to kill an important person just to get attention.And Through the Wire and Games Without Frontiers are probably the most commercial tracks on the album . The later , which also features Kate Bush , is paradoy of war . Not One of Us is about prejudice while Lead a Normal Life is an eary song about someone stuck in an institution where he is being taught to be `` normal '' , whatever that it is . Biko is one of the most famous songs on the album . It pays tribute to one of the heros of black South Africans ' struggle against apartheid . Its also interesting because it is one of Gabriel 's first forays into world music , if not the first . As any Gabriel fan knows , he went on to become one of the greatest supporters of international artists .
 Following six Genesis albums and two solo excursions , we find Peter Gabriel still in the process of finding his voice as a songwriter and performer
 Peter Gabriel left Genesis to persue a solo career in 1975 , on his eponymous debut album we heard why he had to leave on `` Solsbury Hill '' and throughout the album there would be proofs of Gabriel 's talents as a solo artist , but there were still many Prog Rock sounding songs and Gabriel was never happy with the result . On his second album which was produced by King Crimson Prog Rock Guitarist Robert Fripp , we heard a more stripped down rock sound and even if PG2 was nothing short of exellent , Gabriel was dissapointed with the production again . On This album it seems like is not only in full control but also has found his true self when it comes to voice and music . `` Melt '' -LRB- Once again a album cover by Storm Thorgerson -RRB- is where Peter Gabriel , as we know him will be revealed for the first time and is generally considered his finest album . It 's not hard to see why since the production of `` Melt '' is very polished and artistic and close to perfection with it 's instrumetation . The songs are also more remarkable then before which makes the album concept more interesting to follow . It 's quite dark and gloomy though , but in a good way . This is one of those albums where the songs are just as memorable as the production and there 's where Peter Gabiel likes it the most.There could n't have been a better start of an album then with `` Intruder '' which is one of the darkest and scariest moments of Gabriels career . A slow and haunting song about a burglar who breaks into a woman 's house and is never caught . Phil Collins plays the drums on this one and the overall production is first class . `` No Self Control '' is also rather dark with great drumming from Collins and Marimbas used kind of like Tears For Fears song `` Change '' later would use . I guess it 's about a scared and paranoid man sitting in his appartment , desperate after something he had been through or done -LRB- Serial Killer , Psychopath ? -RRB- . Next song is called `` Start '' and is a beautiful and romantic slow paced instrumental that feautures saxophone playing from Dick Morrisey . I wish it had been longer though . `` I Do n't Remember '' is a depressive song about a man who does n't remember or care anymore about who he is . Even if it is bitter , it does have a good hook and Gabriel voice sounds like we know it . David Rhodes plays the guitar and he 's brilliant here . `` Family Snapshot '' A ballad about Arthur Bremmer who shot Alabama governor George Wallice in 1972 . It seems like the song wants to point out that it all starts in childhood . In this case , Bremmer must have had a terrible one . `` And Through the Wire '' also captures Gabriel at his best . It also seems to be about a desperate man wanting eagerly for a woman to show up . `` And through the wire I hear your voice , And through the wire I touch the power/And through the wire I see your face '' . Strange but cool song . `` Games Without Frontiers '' was Gabriel 's biggest hit so far when it came out in 1980 reaching # 4 on the Uk charts . The production is both artistic and engaging and the lyrics are about adults behaving like children for silly prices . -LRB- Olympics , Game Shows -RRB- . The song starts with a sliding guitar riff and electronic percussion . Kate Bush jumps in and sings `` jeux sans fronti&egrave;res '' , the song title in french , Peter comes The hook goes `` If looks could kill/They probably will in games without frontiers/War without tears '' . One of Gabriels greatest and most intelligent songs ever . `` Not One Of Us '' also brings up an interesting subject . People who isolate themselves into groups and exclude others . A phenomenon that is very common everywhere , but particular in Globalization times . This song sounds alot like New Wave Rock like The Cars . Next song called `` Lead a Normal Life '' is slow with percussion , all in a chilly atmosphere with few lyrics . Remind me alot of latter Tears For Fears songs , Maybe they were infleunted by this album ? . `` Biko '' a tribute to South African freedom figher Stephen Biko captures the african landscape well with African drums and chants , but also bagpipes for whatever reason . One of Gabriel 's best songs nonetheless.Overall , PG3 is the album where Gabriel finds his own sound and for the first time is very comfortable with the production which is just as memorable as the music . Commonly known as his best album , some people would also say `` So '' cause it was such a smash hit , but if you want to begin a Gabriel collection and want to start where his new sound is in focus , start here . Even if it is dark it is very accessable and entertaiming to listen to . Recommended pick .
 Of all the remastered Peter Gabriel recordings , this one sounds most outstanding . I expected Security to be the stunner -LRB- and surely its remaster sounds really good -RRB- , but Melt is virtually transformed into a new album.If you give it a crank and check out Intruder , you 'll hear a whole new level of intrigue and atmosphere right away , but then it 's No Self Control that will blow the doors off the previous version of the CD , and it pretty much never lets up after that . -LRB- I 'd never been so crazy about I Do n't Remember before , but the new mix really brings it to life - the transformation is THAT profound . -RRB- The textural and percussive detail are simply beyond belief , and the vocal depth taken to a whole new level.In short , if you own the catalogue already , I 'd say this one is the MOST worth buying AGAIN . Though Security 's overhaul was woefully overdue , so perhaps buy the pair . Especially since many would consider these PG 's strongest two `` mainstream '' albums -LRB- setting aside the soundtracks into a wonderful category all their own . -RRB- For those that do n't know this record at all , it 's a fantastic accomplishment of `` dark pop , '' mixing fundamental pop hooks , grooves , and anthems with a simmering borderline hysteria and anxiety . There 's one track that deeply annoys me -LRB- still -RRB- , but the overall accomplishment is historic , truly a document of the creeping trauma and injustice of the latter 20th Century . -LRB- Check out Games Without Frontiers and/or No Self Control to get a feel for the album 's `` voice , '' and then deeper , darker tracks will surprise you further upon a full listen . -RRB- If you 're new to PG altogether , I 'm not sure I 'd recommend this one as a FIRST buy . It 's extraordinary , no doubt , but if you 're inclined toward `` more accessible '' pop , you might try So or Us , both great records but more `` easy-going '' than Melt . Or , if you 're inclined to explore the most thunderously ambitious work he 's ever done , definitely check out Security , one of the great 5-star albums of all time , especially now that it 's been remastered .
 Peter Gabriel has always been at his best when he explores his almost existential sense of dread . But it was n't till his third solo album that he gave the paranoia free reign . While the first two albums seemed more self consciously eccentric , PG3 dropped the quirkiness in favor of characters that were scary and foreboding . `` Intruder '' sets the stage for the rest of the album . Having removed all the metal percussion from the studio , the forbidding sounds of the drums and the creaking scratch of the piano string remain one of the most frightening introductions to kick off an album . It was also an environment that Gabriel held through the duration of PG3 , be it from the alienation of `` Family Snapshot '' to the slyly political `` Games Without Frontiers ; '' that atmosphere of impending disaster sucks you in.This was also the album where Gabriel discovered the earthy rythms that became central to his future albums . Both `` Intruder '' and `` Not One Of Us '' take a significant amount of their edge from these arrangements , and producer Steve Lillywhite knew exactly how to make that kind of percussive sound work in favor of the artist . Perhaps it is best exemplified by `` Biko , '' one of the finest politically tinged songs of the eighties and one that still holds up well today . `` It was business as usual in police room 619 '' Gabriel informs us , as chants and drums give us a greater sense of place . It 's a relatively simple sound with a softly delivered message -LRB- `` the eyes of the world are watching now '' -RRB- , and brings PG3 to a satisfying and emotionally charged conclusion.The remaster really does make a difference for this CD , and I already consider this Peter Gabriel 's high water mark . But it 's also the first of three five star recordings , and a great place to start .
 I bought this album within days of it 's release after hearing Games Witout Fronters . The electronic percussion on that song really grabbed me . After hearing the rest of it , I knew this was a really pivitol piece of music . Here is where Gabriel completely severed himself from the sound of Genesis and created something that was entirely his own sound . Anytime I put it on and someone stopped by , the question was `` Who Is that ? '' . Just about everybody within my circle of friends ran right out and got it shortly after . I feel this , and his next album `` Security '' are the most groundbreaking releases by any rock artist in the 80 's . It 's very dark , and has an almost punk flavor to it at times . The way the instruments are layered is very unique . Hearing it again recently transported me back to 1980 when I was a young lad of 23 , but the music here is by no means , dated . His entire catalog has been excellent over the years . While his sound has become a bit more radio friendly since `` Security '' , he 's never really sold out in the manner of his former bandmates in Genesis . For Pete 's sake , Pete . when are you ever going to get that new album out ?
 PG3 -LRB- also known as Melt -RRB- is a must-have for any Peter Gabriel fan . Every song is great and with tracks like `` I Do n't Remember '' and my personal favorite `` And Through the Wire '' , it 's a great album to dance to . Melt is full of energy , it 's fun , and it will bring the house down . `` Biko '' is a touching and beautiful tribute to a fallen hero that 's guaranteed to bring goosebumps whenever you hear it . It manages to not feel aged at all even though it was released in 1980 . Order it , turn off all your lights , and put on `` Intruder '' . You will probably succeed in scaring the hell out of yourself .
 Peter Gabriel 's third self-titled album is often considered a rock masterpiece by his fans -LRB- just check out the reviews on this page -RRB- , but although it was the first truly unified work of his solo career in both music and lyric , there remained a few kinks that would not be ironed out until the next effort `` Security '' -LRB- his true magnum opus -RRB- . There are certainly a host of classics on this effort , which exude a truly chilling feel of isolation , terror and psychosis
 Of Peter 's 7 solo studio cds it is difficult to pick just one that displays his numerous strengths . His third album does just that . Musically and lyrically this cd is as powerful as The Police 's Synchronicity . There 's nothing excessive on this 40 minute disc and compared to Security , So , and Us it is a very dark and haunting psychological cd . From the opening psychopathic `` Intruder '' to the heartbreaking dysfunctional boy from a dysfunctional family turned into president killer story of `` Family Snapshot '' to the sweaty-palmed amnestic tale of `` I Do n't Remember '' to the sarcastic anti-war tale of `` Games Without Frontiers '' to the hearfelt surrealism of complete mental breakdown in `` Lead a Normal Life '' to the cd closing anti-apartheid story of the murder of Steven Biko in `` Biko '' this cd is a must have for any serious rock collector . To be fair , Peter 's Security , So , Passion , and Us cds are all great too . Each one of them has their own strengths and weaknesses , but I think that his third album is his most original , non-mainstream , haunting and stark work . The cover of the cd showing Peter 's melting face is a hint as to what you will find on the recording . However , if you are NOT a Peter Gabriel fan I would recommend starting with his more mainstream So cd . His first two solo cds are mainly for hardcore fans as they are more like his work with early Genesis . Both are experimental as are all of his cds . Buy this disc it 's worth the money .
 In the summer of 1980 , I had just completed my freshman year of college , and I had a job working on disadvantaged peoples ' homes in Appalachia . Beforehand , I had made approximately 80 tapes of my favorite albums -LRB- this was pre-cd era , mind you -RRB- to listen to on a tinny cassette player . As the summer wore on , I found myself listening to two albums repeatedly
 I ca n't speak highly enough of this album . This is his masterpiece . Here Gabriel really defines himself as a solo artist . The whole album is great start to finish.It 's perhaps difficult to appreciate 27 years later how groundbreaking and just plain weird this album sounded in 1980 . The comparison with Bowie 's Berlin albums is somewhat valid , but this album goes places that are very different . It was a mind-blower for me back then . The gated drum sound of `` Intruder '' became clich&eacute; later , but nobody had ever done that before . The drums are also played without cymbals , which contributes to the tense , claustrophobic feel of much of it . The guitars and background vocals -LRB- ` Not One Of Us '' , for instance -RRB- are given treatments which were novel and also heighten the mood . I do n't mean to say that the album all sounds the same - it certainly does n't - but there is a flow to it . The cover describres the previaling mood . Even `` Games Without Frontiers '' , with its silly lyrics and whistling , has unmistakeable dark undertones . Which is n't to say this album is downer by any means . It 's a great album , just do n't expect `` Big Time '' or anything like that!Lyrics have always been one of Gabriel 's distinctive strong points , and here he is in top form . `` Intruder '' and `` No Self Control '' are downright spooky . `` Lead a Normal Life '' is a minimalist musical haiku which leaves you scratching your head about it 's meaning . `` Family Snapshot '' is wild stuff ! It starts out innocently enough , almost reminiscent of a Bruce Springsteen story song , but then takes are very sinister turn . It gets in the head of a political assassin who targets his victim just to make his mark on the world : `` All you people in TV landI will wake up your empty shellsPeak-time viewing blown in a flashAs I burn into your memory cells ` Cos I 'm alive '' `` Biko '' has of course become anthemic by now . It 's the first song -LRB- in western pop music , anyway -RRB- that addresses apartheid , to my knowledge , and the first rock song to incorporate South African harmonies.If all you know about Peter Gabriel are his two commercial albums `` So '' and `` Us '' , please listen to his other material with an open mind . His first 4 solo albums and `` Up '' are all great , but this is his best .
 Every track here deserves its place . Gabriel flows from individual neurosis to collective identity , turning out cutting critiques of each . The opening song , `` Intruder , '' could not be more unsettling with its thundering toms , grating harmonies , and lyric - `` Intruder 's happy in the dark / Intruder come / Intruder come and he leave his mark . '' It seems fit then to place `` Biko '' at the end of the album , where electronic production techniques recontextualize African music sources into a haunting tribute to the late anti-apartheid activist.The production of the album creates a technologically advanced yet primitive world , much like the one in Ridley Scott 's `` Blade Runner . '' I get the feeling that the movie 's entire soundtrack was based off the instrumental `` Start , '' the only sweet spot on this album . While I can understand criticism of the production as dated , especially on `` Start , '' I would argue that its dissonance and distortion is more out of time than anything else . In `` I Do n't Remember , '' the abrasive guitar and elastic bass are never quite where they seem , reinforcing the narrator 's confusion and paranoia . The off-kilter rhythm and eerie synthesizer on `` Games Without Frontiers '' underpin an alternating militaristic and carefree sentiment . While it is the most complex work here , I can not say which is the most memorable . This is Gabriel 's masterpiece .
 Peter Gabriel 's 3rd self-titled solo album from 1980 , aka `` PG3 '' or `` Melting Face '' -LRB- see cover art -RRB- , finds Gabriel taking a walk on the darker side . It 's an album with a more sinister , ominous feel to many of it 's songs , and the results are simply unforgettable . This is a watershed work for the former Genesis singer , which foreshadows Gabriel 's world music flavored albums that would follow . `` PG3 '' still stands today as one of his best efforts -LRB- many fans name `` PG3 '' as their favorite Gabriel album , and why not ? -RRB- . The dark opening track , the self-explanatory `` Intruder , '' sets up the album perfectly , with eerie thud-drumming from Gabriel 's old friend Phil Collins , equally-eerie piano plucking by Gabriel himself , and the sound of wires being pulled and cut . `` No Self Control '' is another striking shade of black , perfectly conveying the helplessness of the song 's character . After the sax solo `` Start '' comes the fabulous rocker `` I Do n't Remember , '' arguably Gabriel 's best song ever . It 's a ferocious tune that lingers in the head long after the concluding guitar feedback fades off into the distance . `` Family Snapshot '' tells the powerful tale of a sniper , whose surprising motives are revealed at the song 's end . Brilliant songs continue in the second half , including the memorable `` Lead A Normal Life , '' a haunting tune about isolation , and the Gabriel staple `` Biko , '' about murdered South African leader Steven Biko , which closes the album . Once again , Gabriel 's singing , songwriting and musicianship ca n't be beat , and his cast of supporting players , including Collins , guitarists Robert Fripp & David Rhodes , bassist Tony Levin , drummer Jerry Marotta & singer Kate Bush brilliantly help Gabriel bring this extraordinary material to life.How hilarious then , that Peter Gabriel 's original record label , Atlantic , actually dropped him from the label because , shockingly , they hated `` PG3 , '' considering the album not only uncommercial , but bad ! Thankfully , Gabriel stuck to his guns about the album , refusing to change a single note of it , and took it to Geffen Records instead , which became his new label . `` PG3 '' was released to unanimous critical acclaim , and , as Peter Gabriel proudly says , Atlantic 's regretted it ever since . Way to go , Pete . : - -RRB-
 People who think that music was dead in the 80s really need to clean the wax out of their ears . PG III is an amazing , stunning album from start to finish , delicately produced by Steve Lillywhite . And the supporting cast will make you soil your prog-rock pants - Phil Collins , Jerry Marotta , David Rhodes , Robert Fripp , Morris Pert , just to name a few ... `` No Self Control '' is one of the darkest , most amazing pieces of music to come out of the 1980 's , from the delicate marimba-led percussive beginings though the thunderous drum cascades at the finale ... . The clever `` Games Without Frontiers '' is the big hit off of this album , even producing a video ... -LRB- though not nearly as memorable as `` Shock The Monkey '' -RRB- - something to check out if you are sick of trying to figure out what world powers PG is referencing in the lyrics is the intricate percussion at the end of this song by Morris Pert . PG III also contains two of PG 's most powerful lyrical statements - `` Biko '' , which eloquently laments the death of the martyred South African freedom fighter - and the suspensful `` Family Snapshot '' , which puts the listener in the mind of the assasin . Its one of the most haunting examples of musical and lyrical thematic unity ever made in rock music .
 Pete 's 3rd set the tone -LRB- and raised the bar -RRB- for everything that 's come after it in pop music . It gave new meaning to the word trip , for when played , it takes the listener on a journey from individual , to national psychosis , with the richest soundscape attempted to that point . The consumate statement of the post-modern state . Moody ? Yes . The first time I listened to it through , I was scared . It took me months to warm up to it . Its musical technique and lyrical content have been heard repeatedly in the music of many bands since 1980 , without nearly the impact or insight . Without overstating too much , Peter 's 3rd makes Nine Inch Nails sound like sandbox chatter . It also ushered in the era of World Music . Certainly the best album of the 80s , and one of the best of all time . It 's perfect .
 Have you ever realy tought about all of intelligent things which were done by PG in his 3rd ALBUM ? I think you did ... It sounds sometimes like a political manifest -LRB- `` Biko '' -RRB- , strange psychological accident -LRB- `` I Do n't Remember '' and `` No Self-Control '' -RRB- , terrible nationalism -LRB- `` Not One Of Us '' -RRB- and beautiful and peaseful melody `` Start '' -LRB- the best musical theme on album , as I think -RRB- ... Every single track reflects his electrified energy ... His voice raises on unthinkable pitch ... You can feel every nerve of him ... That 's great ... He speaks to you by his own way ... And what about personnel ? Jerry Marotta , Robert Fripp , Tony Levin , Paul Wheller , Kate Bush ... Well ... Now you can guess how powerful this album is ...
 After the `` defectuous '' PG second album , he returns with this excellent piece , wich has less ` sugar ' than its two predecesors . Gabriel leaves behind common facts of life -LRB- treated sometimes abstractly , as usual -RRB- , to talk about mental conficts -LRB- paranoia , and amnesia , just for mentioning a couple -RRB- , and politic dimmension . The music is a mixture of new-wave-punk , and the beginning to the experiment with ethnic rythms , which was formally introduced in ` Security ' . But also , the music of `` PG3 '' is as dark as the cover of the album . PG3 begins to show the extravagant personality that Gabriel hides behind his `` Angel Face '' .
 What do an amnesiac , an assassin , a chronic compulsive , and an institutionalized lunatic have in common ? They all enjoy residence on this incredible album by Peter Gabriel.The amazing lyrical territory is matched by unprecedented sonics , which married dry guitars , erratic keyboards , with heavily gated drums -LRB- which would later become Phil Collins trademark sound -RRB- . One of the greatest albums of the decade .
 PETER GABRIEL 3 was n't exactly considered commerical when it was first released . Originally slated for ATCO records in the U.S. , an A&R man at ATCo rejected the album -LRB- he obiviously had n't been listening to Talking Heads , Roxy Music or any of the other progressive thinkers -RRB- . 3 found a home at Mercury Records in the U.S. and flourished.While it certainly is n't Gabriel 's most accessible work , in a way , this works to its advantage since it is very much about alienation and the disconnected society we live in . `` Games without frontiers '' got most of the airplay , but every song is strong and accomplished with a unique vision.This is one of Gabriel 's 2 or 3 best post Genesis albums .
 I am somewhat in shock that no Gabriel fan has yet written a review for this amazing disc . The production is first-rate and was so very much ahead of its time . To make a long story short , the album is mainly about desperation , alienation and a dissatisfaction with society 's norms . It is a very literate and moving piece of music which must be taken in as a whole work , not a segment of a greatest hits album ... yuk ! Check it out for yourself , you will not be disappointed .
 What ??? Phil Collins playing with no cymbals?Or any drummer playing an entire song or recording with no cymbals?Who really navigated and pioneered Genesis into an innovative art form long before bubble gum pop music meant fame and fortune?A brilliant dose of multi culturistic atmospheres and vocal patterns with the aid of creative musicians who can paint a musical statement when they are guided with each dynamic vision.The German version of this recording alone sends the current flock of prog rockers , Christina Spears and Beyonce 's back to their crib.Back in 1982 my rock band performed And Through The Wire at the Hollywood Record Swap meet which at that time took place inside the Hollywood Palladium.Everyone stopped and peered at us !! Oh oh ; we struck a nerve.As cult a status as this album was upon its initial release , the album soon became imbedded and blew away the repetitive popped out new wave and punk scene within a few years.And then Gabe himself and King Crimson toured !! I will not analyze each track , for those of you who have listened to PG3 , you can clearly hear the texture and layering of vocals and instrumentation that reflects imagery as each song creates its own story .
 `` Peter Gabriel '' -LRB- 3 , 1980 -RRB- is a pretty fine introduction to Peter Gabriel 's solo career , and there are some great tracks , with contributions by some fine musicians -LRB- Phil Collins on drums in `` Intruder '' , Robert Fripp on guitar in `` I Do n't Remember '' , Tony Levin on bass , Kate Bush doing backup vocals on `` No Self Control , etc -RRB- . It 's got a big sound , and it 's worth a listen . It 's not my favorite album though , there 's just something about it that is a little offputting in the way some of the tracks go , though I ca n't quite say what it is.My favorite tracks would have to be `` Intruder '' which is pretty creepy , `` No Self Control '' -LRB- especially the middle bit -RRB- , the bittersweet instrumental `` Start '' , the upbeat `` I Do n't Remember '' and the tragic buildup of `` Family Snapshot '' . Basically the first half of the album I really like . `` Games Without Frontiers '' is n't too bad either.The booklet of the remaster contains full lyrics and images from the era of the album .
 I 've been a Peter Gabriel fan for a long time , but nothing prepared me for this . His experimental , mutli-layered , and international musical style works perfectly for much of this album . Highlights include the punchy , driving `` Not One Of Us '' which simultaneously depicts the evolutionary function of prejudice , and it 's irrationalality . `` Intruder , '' besides being an astounding , sonic marvel , may be the creepiest song I 've ever heard .
 This is by far my favorite Peter Gabriel album and as was pointed out its a work of genius . The songs are all unique and strongly textured with haunting topics and lyrics . Its not the type of album that you 'll put on for a drive thru the country . Its probably best served on a walkman while riding the school bus with a generous helping of chilled teenage angst.Although not something I listen to recently its definitely top 10 in my all time list . A work of art !
 With his third solo album , Peter Gabriel redefine music and explore some totally new sounds . This cd was the first with the typical Gabriel sound.This cd has no other to compare with , PG invented the style and he is still alone in this area . Personnal favorite are `` Intruder '' -LRB- He should do it live for a live recording one day maybe ! -RRB- and `` Family snapshot `` Just one weak song , `` In through the wire '' . Overall , I like it a lot .
 What can I say ? Peter Gabriel once again shows his mastery of compositon and production in this third self titled album.A must have to any fan of GENESIS or PETER GABRIEL.FIVE ***** STARS !!!
 If you 've ever wondered what it might sound like if the noir authors of old , namely Raymond Chandler , decided to make an album , look no further than Peter Gabriel 's third self-titled release , most commonly referred to as PETER GABRIEL 3 or by its nickname , MELT . It 's cold , dark , and occasionally downright eerie , particularly on the opener , `` Intruder '' . From the pounding drums and unexpected scratching on that song , we 're drawn in to this black world - and to our astonishment , this world is fun . You see , the darkness on PETER GABRIEL 3 suppresses a strong sense of romanticism , sometimes hidden but often peering out just long enough to keep us enticed . No where is this more clear than on the delightful instrumental interlude `` Start '' , in which the glum synthesizers serve as a base for Dick Morissey 's hopeful , romantic saxophone , letting us know that the album 's dark , but it 's supposed to be - sit back and enjoy the ride . If you do , you 're in for a real treat.All these years later , Gabriel 's third solo album has held up remarkably well . Not even the harsh , distinctly-1980s soundscape seems dated , proving that Gabriel truly was the king of synthesizers , using them to further his sound rather than attract listeners with flashy tunes . A few familiar faces pop up , such as Phil Collins , Gabriel 's old Genesis bandmate and future pop star , and Kate Bush , who would gain a following of her own around the middle of the decade . Part of what makes the album so interesting and unique is Gabriel 's resolution to not use cymbals , forcing him to come up with some more inventive ways to keep the beat going . These including adding tribal rhythms on numerous songs throughout the album , particularly on the final track , the fan favorite `` Biko '' . The use of these tribal rhythms on PETER GABRIEL 3 inspired Gabriel to explore them further on the subsequent album , typically referred to as SECURITY and hailed by many fans as Gabriel 's finest recording.While SECURITY is no doubt a wonderful album , I would argue that PETER GABRIEL 3 is slightly better . This is primarily because the music flows , while on Security there are often long sections of quiet . The flow is strong and forceful , blasting through song after song , creating a truly riveting experience . And look at all the greats here
 This is the culmination of everything learned about art/prog and new wave throughout history up to 1980 , set to practical use . Just about everybody of consequence short of P. Hammill was put to work on this album . It is the aural equivalent of , say , the architect Gordon Bunshaft 's Lever House in its own time.Maybe better than Miles Davis 's `` Tribute to Jack Johnson '' or Emerson Lake and Palmer 's `` Brain Salad Surgery . '' Better than even `` The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway ? '' Probably .
 This CD is by far the most creative and original music by Mr. Gabriel . Wild and weird , lots of great background sounds and fantastic guitar work . A must have !!!
 Peter Gabriel , former frontman of Genesis , left the band after a couple of years to go off on his own and begin making his own albums by himself . While his first two efforts `` Car '' and `` Scratch '' are excellent albums in their own right , it is truly here with `` Melt '' that he truly finds his place , and creates a sublime album that for all purposes is the perfect album for isolating yourself from the outside world and just letting yourself flow whether it is musically , artistically , or poetically . The sense of isolation emited from the album speaks volumes for the work in general , as the album opens with the pounding drums of Intruder , a song that seems like its ripped right out of a stalkers diary . The tracks blend together with such pristine ease , and the vocals are some of Gabriels best , -LRB- right up there with the hallucinogenic trip that is The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway -RRB- . Overall all the tracks are impeccable , with Biko probably being my favorite track ; never has standing up for what you believe in been more true and echoe with such realism and clarity as this track does , and it is the perfect way to end this album . Overall this is probably my favorite Peter Gabriel album besides Passion , but that is more of a soundtrack and pure mind-F#@k than this is , overall each album is great and I would recommend purchasing both as they are honestly some of the best albums put out by Gabriel .
 After two albums of exploration , Peter Gabriel finally developed a uniqueness awway from Genesis and settled on a direction -- haunting , paranoid , frightening . As though some internal torment needed to be exorcised.Usually regarded as Gabriel 's best , Peter Gabriel 3 is superb . Longtime guitarist David Rhodes joins Tony Levin , Larry Fast and Jerry Marotta as the primary backing band on this record , augmented at times by none less than Robert Fripp , Kate Bush , and Phil Collins -LRB- back when he was still a drummer -RRB- . The music starts off dark and haunting , `` Intruder '' , a first person narrative about breaking into someone 's home . The album maintains this feeling , both from an internal standpoint -LRB- `` No Self-Control '' , `` I Do n't Remember '' -RRB- and external -LRB- `` Games Without Frontiers '' , `` Not One of Us '' -RRB- . The material rocks like little else , and its nature suits Gabriel well . The dark chant of `` No Self Control '' , the energetic confusion and horror of `` I Do n't Remember '' , the venom in the delivery of `` Games Without Frontiers '' ... the material inspires Gabriel . Instrumentally , its filled with odd bursts of guitars and percussion , sometimes wrapping around itself . Still , as great as these songs are , none of them can begin to compare to what I consider to be Gabriel 's greatest song , `` Family Snapshot '' . Starting soft and delicate , and building , saxaphone screaming along with Gabriel 's voice , the externalized horror of an assassin , climaxing with the moment of assassination , then dribblign into a feeling of loneliness and hopelessness . It paints a sympathetic picture of a man who is so desparate for attention , he 'll kill for it . As powerful as it is , few moments are as stunning as Gabriel 's whimpering `` Come back mom and dad '' over a delicate fretless bass.The end of the record takes the aggression out of the introspection , the delicate beauty of `` Lead a Normal Life '' and the powerful tribute , `` Biko '' , similar in feel to `` Here Comes the Flood '' off of the the car album , builds until gaining anthemic power . `` Biko '' also paints the way to the future for Gabriel , with its tribal-esque percussion and chants.This is really superb , one of the best of its genre . Highly recommended .
 Peter Gabriel 3 is an astonishingly creative , intelligent and emotional collection of songs and atmospheres that has continued to inspire me for over twenty years . It could well be my favourite album of all time , and that includes ALL artists and ALL genres of music . From the dark and sinister opening of `` Intruder '' to the chant of `` Biko '' on the last track , every song on this album has substance , power and quality.Musically , a wide range of styles are embraced with a number of contributions from other musical creative giants such as Paul Weller -LRB- punky thrashing guitar on `` And Through The Wire '' -RRB- , Kate Bush -LRB- distinctive atmospheric backing vocals -RRB- and Phil Collins -LRB- crashing `` gated snare '' drum sound that was highly original at the time and an influence on much eighties music afterwards -RRB- . PG 3 was recorded before Gabriel developed his `` world music '' sound . It has an incredible range of musical , emotional and lyrical dynamics not present in some of his later , more commercially successful -LRB- still excellent -RRB- , albums.Lyrically , Gabriel 's haunting voice covers a massive range of basic human emotions here , many of them dark . Several tracks on this album can still make me cry even though I know them inside out . Other tracks have me bopping around like an idiot ! Absolutely brilliant .
 Although not his biggest commercial success , this Peter Gabriel album is his most triumphant -LRB- and sometimes uncomfortable -RRB- work ... every track is a winner . Gabriel 's gift as a songwriter has always been to create `` moody '' songs , usually with a foreboding or creepy edge . His voice , of course , is well suited to that style . In this album , we get to hear him in his best , most-varied voice , and the music behind the voice is about as varied as you 're likely to hear.INTRUDER Told in the first person -LRB- as many of his songs about `` troubled '' protagonists are -RRB- , this song celebrates a burglar ... kinda . In this case , the intruder breaks in to the home , but maybe not to steal . It is implied that he mostly likes the rush of going through drawers and jewelry , and watching his victims sleeping , or even enjoying their fear when they sense he is there . Creepy stuff , with a great , pouding percussion -LRB- provided in part by Phil Collins -RRB- . NO SELF CONTROL
 Peter Gabriel 's third album is quite the popular album ... or at least USED to be quite the popular album . Back in the early 80 's a lot of people used to play this bad boy all the time . `` Intruder '' contains quite the spooky and unsettling vocal melody , haha . I love it . Is that an xylophone in the middle ? Weird choice , but it works . The lyrics that make you feel like you 're being watched in your own home are just terrific . Someone knows exactly where you are , but you ca n't see them . A scary thought . `` No Self Control '' is memorable for the chorus . Peter sounds ticked off here . `` I Do n't Remember '' is probably the most dated song here , but I love the chorus so much I do n't really care . It jumps out to me immediately . `` Family Snapshot '' is the best song on the album because it reminds me of Genesis during the Selling England by the Pound period in rock history when progressive rock was tearing up the charts ... wait , DID prog rock tear up the charts ? I guess Rush , Kansas and Yes did.The very end of `` Family Snapshot '' where Peter mentions his mom and dad makes me * incredibly * sad . What a major reaction that moment sparks . So soft , and the song just ends on a sad note , right down to the final piano note . Oddly awesome . `` All Through the Wire '' is definitely a bit repetitive . I like it , but 5 minutes is a bit much . `` Games Without Frontiers '' reminds me instantly of being a little kid in the 80 's , and hearing Gabriel 's vocals for the first time ... man that guy used to creep me out , haha . Good memories of my mom driving me to preschool with this tune crankin ' though . `` Not One of Us '' is a really good song too . Gabriel certainly had his share of songs that should have gone straight to number one on the charts . `` Lead a Normal Life '' is a weird choice . It 's almost an instrumental ... almost . There 's an occasional slab of very pretty vocals that appear for a few seconds after 90 seconds in - very GOOD vocals . `` Biko '' is a bit overrated , but I like the verse melody.Overall , solid effort by a man who is now in the history books ... or should be .
 Having left the successful early Genesis and embarking upon a solo career of his own , Peter Gabriel had a couple of interesting , competent releases but it was n't until the release of this baby , his third , did he seem to have hit the right formula for a great overall album containing interesting but also consistently very good tracks . `` Games Without Frontiers '' seemed to herald the onset of early 80 's New Wave and in my mind it is still the definitive New Wave track which like any classic should still sounds very , very good today.Other brilliant tracks here include `` I Do n't Remember '' , `` Family Snapshot '' and the excellent `` Biko '' rank among the greatest work that Gabriel has ever done . Yet all the other tracks are also very good and do n't remotely resemble filler material . This together with `` So '' are his two best ever albums to date and `` Shaking the Tree '' is one of the best ever compilation albums.This version is a real treat for fans as it comes in a mini-lp replica sleeve design which is rather well put together despite the thin cardboard and it very faithfully resembles the original lp design down to the inner sleeve . Also included is an insert containing all the lyrics in both English and Japanese.Most important of all is that the remastering was very well done resulting in a very good sound quality making this album sound just as fresh today as it did way back then . Who says New Wave is dead ? Not as long as a certain Mr. Gabriel is alive.Highly recommended .
 On Peter Gabriel 3 Gabriel fully abandoned his Prog Rock past but came up with a dissonant and disturbing masterpiece which also featured world music suiting his soulfull voice . Gabriel writes all the lyrics without a single cowritter for the first time and he also plays instruments on all but one of the songs which add to the albums appeal . Gabriels songwritings incredible particularly on the scairy Intruder , No Self Control , the menacing -LRB- ballad ! -RRB- Family Snapshot and the haunting Biko . This album also earns kudos for featuring Gabriels only studio album instrumental , Start .
 It starts with the chilling drumbeat and the `` Intruder '' creeps into your consciousness as skillfully as the best thriller you 've ever read or seen . The tension continues as you hear the story of a man who has `` No Self Control , '' the panic resonating in his voice ; this panic is carried over to the amnesiac of `` I Do n't Remember . '' Then things slow down ... to the most unsettling story of all . The insight Gabriel shows into the mind of an assassin at work ; the type of person who sees killing as a way to celebrity , is incredible . `` I do n't really hate you-I do n't care what you doWe were made fro each otherMe and youI want to be somebody-you were like that tooIf you do n't get given you learn to takeAnd I will take you `` The whole CD continues this series of out of kilter themes , from children 's war games -LRB- `` Games Without Frontiers '' -RRB- to the rationale behind prejudice -LRB- `` How can we be in if there is no outside '' -RRB- found in `` Not One of Us , '' and the mostly instrumental look at trying to `` Lead a Normal Life . `` Finishing with epic tale of Stephen Biko , a song that stands with the great anthems produced in the rock era , Gabriel has created his breakthrough recording . This is where all his divergent interests come together to create an incredible combination of rhythm , lyrical brilliance , and social relevance .
 no one mentions that peter used the fairlight cmi on this album , which at that time was the most high tech synthesizer around , basically a computer with a piano keyboard which you could digitally record real sounds into and make music with these sounds , peter was the first to get a fairlight , stevie wonder was the second , this albun is ground breaking not only for the songs and music but also for the fact that he used the fairlight cmi , which for the next ten years was one of the most sought out and prized instruments around
 I just got this CD and WHOA ! This CD is a very creepy , alienated sounding record with very distorted melodies , paranoid yet powerful lyrics . Plus Peter even gets socially conscious with the 7 and a half minute Biko.INTRUDER
 The initial untitled albums were an expansion on Peter 's post-modernism conveyed in The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway . However understanding that he wanted to explore different directions he left Genesis to built a reputation on his own . His goal to explore new musical territories is somehow reached in this album where not only does he come into his own element he shows us how versatile he is . From social advocacy in Biko where he starts to incorporate World Music influence for the first time . Much of the hard rock influence in his earlier solo albums seems to reach more depth and pessimism but in a truly sincere and genuine way . Intruder , No Self Control , and Not One of Us deal with identity issues and sense of wanting to materialize into something else and somehow has a correlation to Peter trying to find himself and finally coming into his own.The album is quite eclectic borrowing from new wave , world music , hard rock which was established in previous albums . The atmosphere is to die for , and he takes on multiple persona 's to a much greater effect than when he was dressing up in Genesis performances . Again this album is all the proof you need to show that Peter needed to leave Genesis to artistically grow into this . Which benefited Genesis because they became more lucrative under Phil Collins that however does n't mean they were as artistically inclined as this album .
 I 've been a Peter Gabriel fan ever since I was a kid and saw the vid for Shock the Monkey . Over the years I had collected all of his work on CD , but somehow I missed this one until very recently . No idea how that happened . Better late than never because now I have some `` new '' PG tunes to listen to !!! I will say this is an improvement over his first 2 self-titled albums ; the first 2 PG albums are good , but are not on this level . The production is better here too . Such a great album ! There is not a bad song on here . This is one of those rare albums that can be listened to cover to cover without skipping a track or becoming bored . `` Security '' has long been my favorite PG album , but on initial impression I will say this album is on par with that one.Highly recommended .
 Length :
 There are no bad or even mediocre songs on this album . This is Gabriel 's first solo album where he seems fully in control . The mood is consistent and intense . The drums bang big and well-used dissonance lurks behind every harmony . It 's very difficult to find something bad to say about it.Gabriel explores many themes on this album , from people who enjoy breaking into homes -LRB- `` Intruder '' -RRB- to people who need attention and go to extremes to get it -LRB- `` Family Snapshot '' -RRB- to the relationship between sex and war -LRB- `` Games Without Frontiers '' -RRB- to alienation -LRB- `` Not One of Us '' -RRB- to the final political protest song against apartheid -LRB- `` Biko '' -RRB- . Pop albums -LRB- if you can call this a pop album -RRB- rarely if ever explore such territory with such depth . The music backs up the lyrics to a degree that 's almost mesmerizing.Gabriel had come a long way from Genesis by the time this album was released . Just listen to `` Trespass '' -LRB- from 10 years before this album -RRB- or `` Selling England By the Pound '' -LRB- from half a decade or so before this album -RRB- to see how Gabriel expanded his depth for music and lyrics . It 's hard to believe that the same guy singing `` No Self-Control '' once roamed around on stage dressed as a bat or a giant flower . In retrospect Gabriel 's departure from Genesis may have been the best move of his career . It 's hard to imagine Genesis going in the direction Gabriel went in , considering where they ended up -LRB- somewhere on the opposite side of the spectrum -RRB- . A host of great performers contributed instruments or vocals , which can be heard on every note . Robert Fripp returns as a guitarist -LRB- he would never again produce Gabriel -RRB- , Kate Bush sings backup , David Gregory -LRB- formerly of XTC -RRB- contributes guitar , and even Phil Collins plays drums . The names go on and on -LRB- including Tony Levin and David Rhodes , who became staples -RRB- . It 's tempting to give Gabriel all the credit for this one , but his band had a lot to do with the solidity of this effort.If you know nothing about Gabriel and are curious , this is a good one to start with . The songs are `` the usual '' length -LRB- unlike the followup `` Security '' -RRB- and , as has been said , they 're all great . If you do n't like this album , you probably do n't like Gabriel . This is the album on which he found his voice .
 I know that most people say that if you listen to `` Solsbury Hill , '' you 'll hear why Peter Gabriel had to leave Genesis . I , however , feel that it was on his third solo album that Gabriel truly established himself as a solo artist . The penchant for musical exploration that we see on his first album is present on this one , as well as Gabriel 's newly discovered fondness for disturbing subject matter and ethnic rock , first glimpsed on his second album . But here we have a more mature artist than the one we saw on the first two albums . Finally , there is a strong cohesion between the songs , a center of thematic unity . You should be warned
 ... make it this one.This third `` Peter Gabriel '' disc -LRB- a.k.a. `` Melt '' -RRB- could have been titled `` Sociology '' . There is no `` Sledgehammer '' here . No `` In Your Eyes '' . No `` Steam '' . The closest thing to a hit here is `` Games Without Frontiers '' , which was edited and issued as a moderate-charting single . What you get instead is an aural look at the world around us - a piece of art that will sometimes send a chill down the spine , sometimes bring a lump to the throat , always leave you thinking.The songs on `` Melt '' deal with man 's inhumanity to man , both on a global scale and one-on-one . Gabriel 's approach is primarily first person , bringing us closer to each narrator in these tracks . Just as he used to mask himself in fox heads and what-not during his long-ago Genesis days to take on another persona , so he does in his songs - often to chilling effect.The disc opens with `` Intruder '' , Phil Collins ' hypnotic thump setting the tone as Gabriel creepily takes on the role of house intruder - less a thief , more psychopathic . `` Family Snapshot '' puts us inside the mind of an assassin , in the final seconds before he pulls the trigger . A standout track on this album -LRB- and every track on this album stands out -RRB- . Xenophobic hatred and paranoia is the subject of much of this release . `` And Through The Wire '' , `` Not One Of Us '' , and the UK hit `` I Do n't Remember '' all conjure mental images of unfriendly border crossings and nationalistic distrust and hate . `` Games Without Frontier '' makes the simple point that if looks really could kill , someone would surely use it as a weapon . Children playing war games with real weapons.The album closes with the Gabriel classic , `` Biko '' , a moving homage to martyred South African activist / poet Stephen Biko . The eight-minute opus opens with an African chant , is pierced with cries of `` Yihla Moja '' -LRB- roughly translated `` let the spirit descend '' -RRB- and ends with a mournful rendition of `` Die Stem '' , the South African national anthem . A very loud , resounding drum slap like the slam of a jail cell door closes this very heavy album . -LRB- It 's ashame that , when Geffen remastered / reissued the Peter Gabriel catalog , they did n't include bonus tracks . `` Shosholoza '' , a rare track issued as the ` B ' - side of the British `` I Do n't Remember '' single , would have fit beautifully after `` Biko '' . `` Shosholoza '' is a traditional South African song of hardship . -RRB- The third `` Peter Gabriel '' album is an album of moments
 It must be difficult to realize that your previous work was with a band that played a significant role in the development of rock only to want more freedom in your music . Peter Gabriel 's first two albums established he was n't afraid to try new styles and in general have fun with music . Many of the songs from his first two albums are good but forgettable , however on number three he creates a masterepiece.Building on growing themes of paranoia and a general darkness seldom put to uptempo or commercial music on this Peter Gabriel album , # 3 but commonly referred to as `` melting face '' a new type of music is forged.Amid a musical era where progressive rock was frowned upon by critics and radio Gabriel put out songs like Intruder , as creepy as any song gets with it 's disimbodied and treated vocals along with what would be an 80 's and still popular drum recording technique called gating , this makes the drum sound huge but cuts off -LRB- thus the word gate -RRB- the end part of the sound - very creative and still used 23 years later.Beyond the treated vocals and sounds Intruder was simply creepy and once you got past that you were greeted with yet another take on self doubt , loathing and general ill ease.Keep in mind this was revolutionary stuff for 1980 and led to recording techniques adopted by industrial and gothic artists along with progressive and punk acts . This album runs the full course of emotions ending with the rousing saga of Steven Biko , anti aparthid martyr and reason for one of rocks most common anthems coming into existance . Between the claustrophobic beginning and the soaring ending are punk/prog merges like And Through The Wire and Not One of Us along with the story of the making of a killer written in dramatic yet grounded style and performance.This has always been Gabriel 's forte and he uses it to incredible effect on this album . There is not a dull moment on this album and for people I was friends with at times it was almost too intense . No doubt part of the reason Atlantic dropped Gabriel refusing to release this album.Fortunately Mercury did and PG saw some commercial success with FM hits Games Without Frontiers and Biko . And soon after this album 's release you could hear the hoards of people trying to get the sound and feel found here . Except for Phil Collin 's drum sound most of the imitations were pale in comparison . The thing to remember though is how groundbreaking this album was at the time of it 's release . Finally PG put together the themes he wanted to write about with the kind of music he related to and wanted to experiment with.This was absolutely stunning in 1980 is one of the few technologically based albums from that era to hold up well 22 years later.This is an essential purchase .
 Firstly I must admit I had low expectations of this album having only really thought of Gabriel in the context of ` sledgehammer ' -LRB- you could n't escape THAT video in the 80 's -RRB- I purchased this album on vinyl for a pound -LRB- beat that Amazon ! -RRB- and filed it away in my collection , one wet Sunday afternoon I was bored and needed something to soundtrack the washing up so after rummaging through my collection for what seemed like an eternity nothing was grabbing me -LRB- it takes a certain type of record to wash up to , and do n't get me started on vacuuming -RRB- by chance I decided to give melt a spin and it blew me away , from the pounding drum pattern of ` intruder ' , a stalkers anthem if ever there was one , -LRB- you 'll notice them at concerts instead of lighters they wave torches -RRB- , this is a quite unique song where Gabriel sounds a little to much in character but it works to great effect and sets the tone for much of the record if not sonically , although see 's the start of a percussion ban throughout , so cymbal and high hat lovers will be ever so dissapointed ` Family snapshot ' is another fave were again Gabriel adopts a persona this time of an assassin awaiting his target , ` and though the wire ' featuring , if slightly oddly Paul Weller on guitar not that you 'd notice , it 's hardly Eddie van halen soloing on Billie jean , ` games without frontiers ' featuring the always reliable Kate bush was the big hit which I had heard before though not realising it was on this album , in truth the albums works on every level , hangs together well as a piece , lyrically unusual -LRB- no-where is baby rhymed with maybe -RRB- and all the better for it , sonically it sounds fresh even inventive drumming is great , -LRB- this was when Phil Collins was just a drummer , if only he 'd stayed there ... -RRB- on the basis of this I bought Gabriel two -LRB- scratch -RRB- but it does n't compare to this album a gem if ever I 've heard one . highly recommended .
 You may ask yourself , `` What have these songs in a minor key have to do with me ? '' Plenty . Often compared to Bowie 's trilogy of albums , PG 1 , 2 & 3 are all unique in their own way . PG 3 -LRB- which is compared to Bowie 's Scary Monsters . No comparison really Gabriel wins hands down -RRB- stands as Gabriel 's darkest , most compelling masterpiece.Melt has often been acclaimed for its production and arrangements . At the heart of any PG album is the song . PG rarely was as focused as he is here . The lyrics occasionally drift into the preachy , trite arena but not often
 Gabriel 's third album -LRB- `` Melt '' -RRB- is unquestionably his clearest and most individualistic musical expression , yet one of his least accessible . Repeat visits reward the listener . The sound and production of this album broke new ground in all directions . It was one of the first rock albums to feature extensive use of sampled sounds . It was one of the first to integrate alternative percussion -LRB- marimbas for example -RRB- . And of course it marked the appearance of the Gabriel/Collins `` gated snare , '' which after 3-4 years became one of the most widely-used effects since echo.The `` landmarks '' make the album unique , but Gabriel makes it special . Melt is his most storytelling-focused album , its brash sound and lyrics more than a bit reminiscent of The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway . Gabriel does n't try very hard to fill your head with soothing sounds , but he does n't try to disturb you either . He seems to want to keep you thinking.I can think of ways in which every other Gabriel album is compromised , but not this one . You may not like it at first , and it may never be your favorite background music , but if you find Gabriel 's thoughts and sounds appealing , over time you will find yourself mysteriously and permanently fond of this work .
 In this , the third of Peter Gabriel 's self-titled solo albums , it 's hard to tell which is better-the songs or the impressive list of people who helped out , including such luminaries as Paul Weller of the Jam , Kate Bush , Dave Gregory of XTC , Robert Fripp , and even old Genesis bandmate Phil Collins . The songs are simply outstanding , from the haunting opening track `` Intruder , '' the disturbing `` Family Snapshot , '' -LRB- which would serve as an excellent soundtrack to the Zapruder film of the Kennedy assassination -RRB- to the ominous chilling final track `` Biko . '' It 's quite an indication of the excellence of the songs that what -LRB- in my mind -RRB- is the weakest song is the hit off the CD , `` Games Without Frontiers . '' Hints of Gabriel 's future interest in world music can be found in `` Biko , '' and that would be further enhanced in his next album , `` Security '' in songs such as `` The Rhythm Of The Heat . '' It 's a stunning CD , and rightly considered one of the strongest releases of the ' 80 's .
 By 1980 , Peter Gabriel had released two studio albums as a solo artist . Both were called ` Peter Gabriel . ' The first one -LRB- or as many fans of his call it , ` Car ' -RRB- , was released in 1977 and was his debut album . That album contained ` Solsbury Hill , ' one of his biggest hits , and ` Here Comes the Flood , ' another minor hit . The second one -LRB- called by many fans as ` Scratch ' -RRB- was released on June 3 , 1978 . That album , while very well received by critics , was not a commercial success . That album contained ` Exposure ' -LRB- one of my all-time favorite PG songs -RRB- and 'D . I.Y. , ' which was a minor hit in the UK.To start the eighth decade of the 20th century , Gabriel once again entitled his album ` Peter Gabriel . ' This album , or as many fans call it , ` Melt , ' was probably the best album of 1980 . Gabriel was totally recreating himself and his style of music . He left Atlantic/Charisma Records -LRB- which had been his home since his days of Genesis , the label they signed to in 1971 -RRB- in late 1979 and signed with Mercury Records . And with that label change came a MAJOR stylistic change . While his first two albums were straight-ahead progressive rock , Gabriel was experimenting with World Beat and other styles here.From the moment one hears the drum beat intro to ` Intruder , ' the opening track on ` Melt , ' it 's obvious that this album is a special one . Here was a man , 30 years of age , trying a completely different style of music.There are many other classics here . ` Family Snapshot ' is probably one of Gabriel 's best songs of the 1980s , and I personally feel it never gets the attention it deserves . The rather bizarre ` Games Without Frontiers ' remains one of Gabriel 's more popular tunes -LRB- strangely , considering it 's about as non-commercial as a track can get -RRB- , but perhaps rightfully so . It 's slightly humorous , but it 's certainly classic . ' I Do n't Remember ' could have easily appeared on ` Scratch ' and would have sounded right at home . ' I Do n't Remember ' is a prog-rock classic ; Gabriel 's yowl at the beginning is simply incredible . It 's amazing how powerful PG 's voice is.But perhaps the most classic moment on this album is the closing track . ` Biko ' was written for anti-Apartheid leader Steve Biko , who died prematurely in 1977 -LRB- police claim it was a hunger strike , although I have my doubts -RRB- . This song is not only an anthem , it 's a song that really makes you think . What a way to close a classic album like this one!Overall , ` Melt ' is , by a long shot , one of the best -LRB- if not , THE best -RRB- album -LRB- s -RRB- of 1980 . Gabriel 's emotion here and his writing here are at their peak . To me , it should be law that all CD/vinyl collections contain ` Melt ' in them . Yes , it 's that good of an album . It 's a masterpiece.Highly , highly , highly , HIGHLY recommended for anybody who enjoys Peter Gabriel even a little bit or likes music . A classic album from Peter Gabriel.ENJOY !!!
 To me this is the album where Gabriel really got it together as a solo artist . In my opinion it is his best solo work with rock solid material throughout the whole thing . From a songwriting perspective the album contains some of Gabriel 's best lyrics and the music , although not as dynamic as his Genesis days , comes across as a perfect fit with the dramatic vocals and lyrics . Musically the thing that really stands out on this disc is the percussion . Gabriel made the decision that his drummers would not use any cymbals on this disc which lends the percussion a unique quality . The drumming duties were shared by Jerry Marotta and Phil Collins consistently coming across as loud and booming , a style that Gabriel would incorporate throughout the rest of his career . The overall percussion work on this disc is really outstanding . The album also sees Gabriel making his first forays into `` world '' music , which he would explore in much more detail later in his career . Once again , the tribal percussion aspect of these tracks is a highlight . The songs on the album are consistently great . Highlights include the album opener `` Intruder '' a truly creepy song about a burglar who obviously loves his job . Next is `` No Self-Control '' , another great song that pretty much describes periods of my own life . `` I Do n't Remember '' was an AOR hit and a great little rocker with that booming drum sound . `` Family Snapshot '' seems to be a portrait of a presidential assassin -LRB- Lee Harvey Oswald maybe ? -RRB- until the song gets to the final few lines where we find out that it is really just a young child playing a fantasy in his own mind , in desperate need of attention . Is this a foreshadowing of what the child will be as an adult ? The song is a prime example of Gabriel at his absolute best . `` And Through The Wire '' could possibly be a sequel to `` On The Air '' from the previous album . `` Games Without Frontiers '' was another AOR radio hit that reduces the act of war to a children 's game . It is another brilliant track . `` Not One Of Us '' can be related to by anyone who has been considered an outsider and is another great track . The album closes with `` Biko '' which presents an historical account of the death of South African freedom fighter Stephen Biko who was killed while imprisoned . It is a powerful piece of music that resonates to this day . Gabriel 3 is the man at his absolute best . If you are looking to explore Gabriel 's solo albums this would be a great place to start . Personally I do not think he has done anything better .
 The other 5-Star reviews have said it all , really , I 'm not sure what I could add . There are not many rock recordings that qualify as `` art '' -LRB- and art endures , it is eternal -RRB- but this is one . At less than $ 15.00 , practically the cost of a movie ticket now , you really should get this un-named work.What strikes me about this recording is that so many of the songs are about outsiders , social outcasts , failures , opponents of the regime , the Other and all that . Intruders , assassins , citizens without their papers , psychiatric patients , angry people in tree tops , etc. , populate these songs . `` September , ' 77 , Port Elizabeth , weather fine . It was business as usual , in police room 619 '' . It 's a dark scary world out there , and he 's right . It 's only gotten scarier since 1980 . -LSB- Sidenote
 His third solo album , _ Melting Face _ is a dark , dark album . Instead of the upbeat guitar and drums of the strangely joyful `` Solsibury Hill , '' this album contains the creaky , ominous `` Intruder . '' As that track suggests , `` Intruder 's happy in the darrrrrrrrrkkkkkkkkkkkkkk , '' and apparently so is Gabriel.After the downright sinister `` Intruder , '' Gabriel seems to be coming apart at the seams on `` No Self Control '' and `` I Do n't Remember . '' These songs sound light years away from his more upbeat material such as `` Sledgehammer '' , `` Big Time '' , and `` Kiss That Frog , '' but the material on this album is more powerful and lasting than the lighter side of Peter Gabriel . It 's hard to pick just one highlight from this album , but the mini-suite `` Family Snapshot '' is immacuately arranged , going from a gentle vocal beginning , to driving verses and chorus -LRB- `` I do n't really hate you/I do n't care what you do/We were made for each other/me and you '' -RRB- , and back again . Elsewhere on the album you will find the politically-charged `` Games Without Frontiers '' and `` Biko . `` All I can say is that this is an excellent album . I think if people who know Peter Gabriel just from his hits on the radio pick this album up , it will definitely shock them - but in a good way . Gabriel is probably one of the most successful musicians at fusing rock with other genres and not making it sound forced . This was a very important album for me to listen to because it showed how an album should be put together in order to make listening to it an ` experience ' . Out of the 450 + albums in my collection , this easily is one of my favorites . Pick it up - you wo n't be sorry .
 You may ask yourself , `` What have these songs in a minor key have to do with me ? '' Plenty . Often compared to Bowie 's trilogy of albums , PG 1 , 2 & 3 are all unique in their own way . PG 3 -LRB- which is compared to Bowie 's Scary Monsters above . No comparison , Gabriel wins hands down -RRB- stands as Gabriel 's darkest , most compelling masterpiece.Melt has often been acclaimed for its production and arrangements . At the heart of any PG album is the song . PG rarely was as focused as he is here . The lyrics occasionally drift into the preachy , trite arena but not often
 On Peter Gabriel 's third consecutive self-titled album , he finally perfected all the many moods he had tried to capture with his previous work in Genesis and on his own . The album is experimental in sound , full of challenging and thought provoking lyrics and innovative musicianship . `` Intruder '' is a strong opener to the album and a great song , but the standout is the brilliant `` Games Without Frontiers '' . Quirky in sound and socially conscious in content , the song is cutting and edge , yet completely accessible and radio friendly . Other great songs include the aurally mystic tale of the South African civil rights leader `` Biko '' , the high charged `` I Do n't Remember '' and the poignant `` Family Snapshot '' .
 This album appears to be Peter Gabriel 's first where all the pieces finally perfectly fit together . The songs are almost all edgy and disturbing lyrically , but they maintain that pop touch that makes them not just listenable but memorable as well . The music is well-thought out , and Steve Lillywhite 's production makes every track sound superb . I have to really think to find anything negative to say about this work - `` Lead a Normal Life '' sounds unfinished , but even at that is pretty good . The highlights are many - `` I Do n't Remember '' , `` Games Without Frontiers '' and my favorite track `` Biko '' - protest songs are rarely this focused or powerful . Ideal for just about anyone interested in the power of rock music .
 Peter Gabriel 's 3rd album is not a happy piece of music . The themes of the individual songs read like a catalog of the horrors of modern life . There 's a song about rape -LRB- `` Intruder '' -RRB- political assassination -LRB- `` Family Snapshot '' -RRB- conformity -LRB- `` Not One of Us '' -RRB- insanity -LRB- `` Lead a Normal Life '' -RRB- and the beating death of a South African poet -LRB- `` Biko '' -RRB- . The music is as powerful as it is bleak , and at times can be quite exhilerating despite the subject matter . After his 1986 album `` So , '' this is Peter Gabriel 's best work .
 Terrific , creepy 1980 album -LRB- also known as Melt , for Peter 's half-melting face -RRB- , which includes Games Without Frontiers -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- , Biko , and I Do n't Remember . A great blend of Gabriel 's world music , rhythm , and lyrics .
 This is unlike any other masterpiece ever recorded . It has a timeless , somewhat disturbing quality running throughout every track . `` Biko '' is one of the great howls of pain in all of rock and some of these songs , like the movie `` Heavenly Creatures '' make you feel what it must be like to have truly lost your mind .
 Released in 1980 , this came out when artistic music was moving from a progressive rock sound to new wave . This album reflects that transition.Released before CD technology , this album is 45 minutes long . The sound quality of the original CD was OK . But , I can see -LRB- hear -RRB- where this remastered version might be somewhat better.This is Gabriel 's third solo album . Like all previous two albums , the title is simply `` Peter Gabriel '' . People would call it `` Melt '' because of his slurred picture and to distinquish it from the earlier two albums . Gabriel 's fourth album would also be title `` Peter Gabriel '' everywhere in the world , except the US , where it would be called `` Security '' . This album has a transitional sound between progressive rock and new wave . It sounds a lot like the new wave music that would be comeing out of the UK in the early eighties , especiall Tears For Fears.Many people consider this to be Gabriel 's best album . But , I think it sounds a bit dated , especially when you compare it to the sensational So . Still I think it is a very good album.Gabriel does begin to show the marks of maturity and significant song writing with Biko . This is the type of song and music he would carry on in future albums .
 Reading all the positive reviews of the CD , and that fact that no one understands what this song is about , i thought I 'd explain.Its about a European TV show / live game show called in England `` its a knockout '' or in France `` Jeux sans frontiere '' , literally translated as `` games without frontiers '' . The show was a wacky battle between various towns in Europe.IE , one town from England , one france , one belgium etc , about 8 countries each week . Its very had to explain , but the contestants would dress up in costumes and perform different and silly races etc '' . For all I know it may still be on , but as I left England in the late 70 's I am not sure.Note that the acrimony etc with which Gabriel describes this event is because , although supposed to be friendly and fun , there was much cheating and sabotage going on , many teams brought in pro atheletes as ringers etc. .
 If you listen closely to this album . Peter told the drummers to take away their -LRB- mostly Phil Collins as guest drummer -RRB- cymbals and it gives this record a unique sound and invented the `` Phil Collins '' sound before Phils Face Value . My only complaint on the album is Dick Morriseys saxophone sticks out like a sore thumb in this music .
 I would not say that this album is dark ... There are incredibly dark songs on the album ... Intruder , No Self-Control , Lead a Normal Life , and Biko ... but over all I do not feel that the album is dark ... One thing I would like to mention is that the collaboration of Gabriel and Collins is the greatest part of the album ... Being that they are the two greatest singers of all time , and Collins is the greatest drummer of all time , it brings such excitement to the album to see the two of them back together on this great album ... I also feel that Collins even does backing vocals all over the album even though he is not credited ... I would love to know if he did or did not ... Over all great album ! ... Biko is one of the greatest songs of all time !
 This production -LRB- for the third time in a row , with a cover cleverly put together by Storm Thorgerson 's Hipgnosis -RRB- is simply packed with brilliant songs . From the opening track , `` Intruder , '' you know you are up for something big
 Other than stating the obvious that this is a masterpiece , a landmark , Gabriel at his solo best , the only thing that prevents me from giving it 5 stars -LRB- what it truely deserves -RRB- is even though the recording is clear with excellent soundstaging , its lacking in base extension . One might disagree and say that there is a lot of base and yes there is , but it 's all in the upper base . There is none in the lower registers . This takes away some of the power and authority that this music demands . But taken into perspective of the greatness of this music , it 's a minor nit pic .
 supposedly his masterpiece , right ? eh , i expected more , i guess . what 's most interesting to me about this album is its dark , heavy , industrial atmosphere . some of the rhythms and samples in these songs are just plain wicked . so that 's pretty neat
 If this was an album by NSync I 'd be very impressed . But this is Peter Gabriel , the genius behind Genesis . The man who wrote the `` The return of the Giant Hogweed '' and probably the jist of the material on `` SElling England by the Pound '' . So when I heard Peter GAbreil -LRB- 3 -RRB- i was a little dissapointed . He displays good lyrical content but i found the music to be dry and less than amazing . I like the songs `` Game without Frontiers '' , `` No Self Control '' , `` Biko '' , and `` Family Snapshot '' but it was n't the same type of liking as you do with his Genesis songs . The type of liking where you say to yourself , `` Now i got to get all his cd 's '' . I think this album is worth hearing never the less , but it wo n't be an `` experience '' , just a plesant day in the park .
 Unlike many bands from the 1970s who usually make us wait no more than a year between albums , Earth & Fire had the habit of waiting two years between albums -LRB- usually releasing singles in between that time -RRB- . In between Song of the Marching Children and this album , Atlantis , they tied us over with a Mellotron heavy single , `` Memories '' which became a big hit in their home country . For this album , they decided to go for another concept album , and succeeded at it too . As with Eloy some four years later -LRB- with their 1977 album Ocean -RRB- , the lyrics are about the rise and destruction of Atlantis . The music follows in the footsteps of Song of the Marching Children , still relying quite heavily on the Mellotron . The lineup is still the same with vocalist Jerney Kaagman , keyboardist Gerard Koerts , twin brother Chris Koerts on guitar , Hans Ziech on bass , and Ton v.d. Kleij on drums . The title track is a side-length cut , and while divided in to suites -LRB- like so many other prog epics of the time -RRB- , these sound like a collection of separate songs , like `` Prologue -LRB- Do n't Know -RRB- '' , `` The Rise and Fall -LRB- Under a Cloudy Sky -RRB- '' , the wonderful Mellotron-oriented ballad `` The Threat -LRB- Suddenly -RRB- '' and the much more aggressive `` Destruction -LRB- Rumbling From Inside the Earth -RRB- '' . Earth & Fire , apparently , was one of the few bands to have used the lesser-known 300 model of Mellotron -LRB- which came out in between the Mark II and 400 -RRB- , in which Gentle Giant and Barclay James Harvest being the other acts I know that used the model 300 . It 's only the side-length title track that is about the concept of Atlantis , because the rest of the album is non-conceptual . `` Maybe Tomorrow , Maybe Tonight '' is the pop-oriented song on the album , and was released as a single and became another hit . For some reason , I am reminded of Spanky & Our Gang -LRB- parts of this reminds me of `` Sunday Will Never Be the Same '' -RRB- , sounds like Jerney Kaagman was trying to be Elaine `` Spanky '' McFarlane here . Of course , Spanky & Our Gang never used Mellotron -LRB- they used real strings -RRB- , that 's another thing separating `` Maybe Tomorrow , Maybe Tonight '' with `` Sunday Will Never Be the Same '' , and they never explored prog , unlike Earth & Fire . But it 's right back in to prog rock territory , first with `` Interlude '' which is all Mellotron and guitar , and `` Fanfare '' , in which the lyrics deal with instruments in a brass band , and unsurprisingly , the Mellotron brass is dominant here . It 's also structured similarly to `` Storm and Thunder '' . The album closes with the acoustic ballad `` Love Please Close the Door '' . There is no doubt about it , Atlantis , and their previous album , Song of the Marching Children are two of their finest albums , and some of the finest in prog rock from the Netherlands .
 This Dutch band is incredible and I am not sure why it took me so long to get their stuff . This 1973 release continues the format of Song of the Marching Children -LRB- 1971 -RRB- and features infinite and brooding soundscapes loaded with tons of spacey mellotron washes . To top it all off , the excellent vocals of alto Jerney Kaagman lends a certain innocence to the music that I find pretty refreshing . Mix in some great Hammond organ work , pretty good electric guitar/bass/drum playing , the occasional bouncy melody and haunting flute lines , and you will have a good idea of what they are up to musically . The songs essentially flow together into one large song-cycle suite of sorts . This remastered album is very nice and features extraordinarily good sound quality . This version of the album also reproduces the original gatefold format of the vinyl LP - the artwork is simply unbelievable and makes me wish my first exposure to this album was through the original LP format . Highly recommended along with Song of the Marching Children -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , which is a personal favorite .
 Atlantis is an * incredible * album . Now before I write up my thoughts -LRB- some of which lean on the personal side , I admit -RRB- I have to say something that may either offend - or provide some solid laughs - to all the readers out there . Here it goes ... I honestly think the lead singer resembles Donny Osmond quite a bit , lol . Sorry but they both share some similarities in the sound of their voices alone ! Yes I realize the lead singer is a woman , but still ... she sounds like Donny in quite a few moments throughout this album.I 've heard some really amazing multi-part progressive rock compositions before , but OH MY GOODNESS GRACIOUS ! `` Atlantis '' is 16-minutes of pure consistent perfection . Every single vocal melody is sung from a highly emotional point of view.I believe the lead singer was trying to convey her honest emotions to the listener when the band walked into the recording studio to create this masterpiece , and it honestly works * extremely * well . Not only is this entire suite a melodic delight , it even brings me to tears in several spots as well.My favorite part of the entire composition is the very first vocal melody that appears a few minutes into the song . THAT particular part really floors me on a personal level . Yes , the singer sounds remarkably similar to Donny Osmond , but hey , that does n't bother me one bit . I 've actually heard some fairly decent Donny Osmond material . Of course nothing as good as THIS album , but not the worst music out there either . `` Fanfare '' might be the most devastatingly depressing song I 've heard in quite some time . Wow . Just unbelievable . A downbeat song that never escapes that haunting feeling ... truly a grim song . It then shifts into a really spooky instrumental section near the end . Okay , perhaps `` Maybe Tomorrow , Maybe Tonight '' is a horribly dated piece of Bay City Rollers-like pop rock , but who cares ? I love the vocal melody because you can hum it easily . There , that 's a good enough reason to like it!You know what 's sad ? I 've never heard an album by the band Earth , Wind & Fire , but now I can say I 've heard the forgotten Dutch rock band Earth & Fire , lol . I bet I 'm one in a million in that regard!Anyway , I wo n't lie - somebody might consider Atlantis a cheesier attempt at the progressive rock genre similar to Uriah Heep or Kansas , and they probably would n't be wrong , but to me , this is just a terrific display of vocal melodies , instrumental chops , and a level of sincerity I do n't encounter very often in rock music .
 Nowadays , when we think of klezmer -- the traditional instrumental music of the Ashkenazim -LRB- Yiddish-speaking Central and Eastern European Jewry -RRB- -- the main instrument that comes to mind is the clarinet . When we listen to the classic klezmer 78 rpm recordings from the first half of the 20th century , it 's the wailing clarinet that stands out and leads the rest of the kapelye -LRB- klezmer ensemble -RRB- . And it 's the recorded legacy of the great early clarinetists -- Dave Tarras , Naftule Brandwein and Shloimke Beckerman , to name but a few -- that serves as the primary source and reference for most of today 's klezmer musicians.Yet , in recent years , there 's has been a resurgence of interest in the older forms of klezmer , which were centered around the fidl -LRB- violin -RRB- and the tsmibl -LRB- hammer dulcimer -RRB- . Beginning in the 1600s , up until the ascendency of the clarinet and military brass band instruments sometime in the late 19th century , the typical kaplye consisted of fidl , backed by a tsmibl and bowed bass or cello , occasionally augmented by a wooden transverse flute . If there were several fiddlers , the `` ershter '' -LRB- first violin -RRB- would play lead while the `` tsveyter '' -LRB- second violin -RRB- harmonizes in the lower register or plays a `` secunda '' rhythmic chordal accompaniment -LRB- standard practice in all forms of traditional fiddle music , regardless of ethnicity and region -RRB- . This album 's title KHEVRISA is a Yiddish term which usually refers to a talmudic study group . Back in the Old World , klezmorim adopted it into their slang as another reference for a music group . In this case , both definitions are very appropriate
 I am in agreement with the other favorable reviewers that preceeded this one . This is quite unlike any other klezmer recording
 An absolutely gorgeous recording from some world class musician/scholars . This is a must-have for any music collection , especially East European or klezmer . The booklet is superb as well - complete with a fine glossary of terms pertaining to klezmer .
 While I agree the sound quality of the tracks from the 40 's is not the best quality , the quality of the younger Hopkin 's voice and guitar playing does come through and this is an important CD for the serious Lightnin ' Hopkins collector .
 After Ace/Kent released the Doris Duke and Irma Thomas Swamp Dogg sessions one could only hope Raw Spitt would get his turn . Raw Spitt is one of the most obscure Soul singers that retains some sort of legendary status among Soul fans . His excellent `` Songs to Sing '' was featured years ago on Deep Soul Treasures vol 1 . Raw Spitt is more commonly known as Charlie Whitehead and has a sterling track record as a composer in his own right . His teaming up with Swamp Dogg -LRB- or Jerry Williams -RRB- was greatness in the making.As Raw Spitt , Charlie Whitehead had the balls to record some of Souls most lasting protest songs . At the time this material was produced recording protest songs as a black artist was still very risky business . Protest songs simply did n't get any airplay . At the big radio stations they did n't want to hear black artists complaining . The fact Charlie Whitehead and Jerry Williams were able to record these songs had to do with the mother company of Williams ' Fungus records not paying attention . The mother company was the German BASF , more commonly known for their recording tapes . BASF at one point wanted to move into the music business but quickly lost interest . The material Swamp Dogg and Raw Spitt recorded was hardly promoted and is very rare today . This and the political content of the material is probably one of the reasons Charlie Whitehead does n't enjoy the same status a Wilson Picket or an Otis Redding has . We 're just lucky get this second chance around courtesy of Ace/Kent . Take it !
 I have the ` Raw Spitt ' album , and its one of my favorite records . It 's about time this man 's music finally makes its way onto CD . Do yourself a favor and pick this album up .
 `` Still Life '' was originally released in 1982 . It was recorded during the band 's `` Tattoo You '' tour . The tour was also the basis of the 1982 film , `` Let 's Spend the Night Together '' . The album kicks into high gear with a stellar `` Under My Thumb '' , with greatguitar licks and lively singing by Mick . `` Let 's Spend the Night Together '' is done well here , too . The only problem with this version is that it 's missing the piano opening that made the 1967 version a classic . `` Shattered '' is performed with great energy , though the band does it way too fast . `` Twenty Flight Rock '' is done really good . Their cover of the Miracles standard `` Going to a Go-Go '' is good , and Charlie Watts ' drumming steals the show . `` Let Me Go '' is done really well , thanks to some great guitar licks . `` Time is on My Side '' is really good , and this version of the song ca n't help but bring back memories of when the band was just starting out in 1962 . The band 's performance ofThe Temptations ' `` Just My Imagination '' is the album 's highlight . `` Start Me Up '' is done with great flare . It features great guitar playing . The album closes with a rocking `` Satisfaction '' . What 's even better is that the film `` Let 's Spend the Night Together '' isbeing released on dvd . What a great companion to a great album .
 Still Life captures the sounds from the band 's Tattoo You tour , which was their first extensive tour of the US in several years . The band sounds tight and revitalized . It is interesting to hear them play `` Start Me Up '' as it is was a new song at the time and they had n't yet played it a million times . `` Shattered '' and `` Just My Imagination '' are roaring and their version of The Miracles `` Going To A Go-Go '' is a crowd pleaser . `` Under My Thumb '' is another very strong cut and it has a unusual , but perfectly fitting , intro with Duke Ellington 's `` Take The ` A ' Train '' . Still Life shows the band at the peak of their concert playing , where the songs still sound fresh and have n't become old warhorses .
 I bought this on record in 1982 . The Stones may sound kind of sloppy or you can look at it as raw energy . No huge brass and horn sections , just the bad along with Ian Stewart and Keys on sax.The sound is superb . So many new live albums that come out now sound to me like total crap , I 'll take a live album from the 70 ' and 80 's any day . Live albums like Frampton comes alive , Skynyrds One ore from the road , Kiss alive I , Eagles Live -LRB- 1980 -RRB- ect all sound great . I do n't know what they do to live CD 's now or why , but they pail to the classics . Just as CD 's up until about 1995 used to have a lower audio volume to them and were recorded for optimin levels , then they started having them sound LOUD . You think fans wouda laughed at this and would have gone away as a bad fad but it 's still being done today . Just hype . I mean can you imagine records from the 1970 's being maxed out on the volume levels that the music actually sounds like garbage ? Today 's practices are a joke.Anyhow , this classic CD has the glory of the old days for sound and you get a raw live energetic Stones!Get the movie of this sound on their 192 flick `` Lets Spend the Night together '' avaible at I tunes for under $ 10
 I remember I used to hate `` The Stones '' for years . The local stations would just run them into the ground and completely ruin them for me . Now , as an adult , I ca n't get enough of them!I just recently got this CD and thought it was a great live show . Maybe not one of their best but great all the same . Good mix . Good selection of songs . Very energetic . I would recommend this to any Stones fan , young and old .
 After several years of turmoil which ripped through the band , the 1981 release of Tattoo You and world tour to promote the album was a monster , merging major corporate sponsorship with Rock-n-Roll . Recorded between November 5 and December 19 , 1981 , during six U.S. concerts in five venues - and released in June 1 , 1982 - it is an excellent snapshot of what became the formula for The Rolling Stones ; a small helping of newer material , mixed in with some surprises from the band 's vast catalog , with a few covers which give a nod to the roots of the classic rock/R & B ; sound.It is the covers - Twenty Flight Rock , Going To A Go-Go , Just My Imagination -LRB- Running Away With Me -RRB- - that prove to be interesting , as the concert mainstay , -LRB- I Ca n't Get No -RRB- Satisfaction , is bolstered by the gems , Under My Thumb , Let 's Spend The Night Together and Time Is On My Side.The tour - which had a revolving stage - mostly kept newer material in small helpings , with Shattered , Let Me Go and Start Me Up representing this growing trend.Always looking to stay ahead of the pack in delivering a concert spectacle , the CD may provide one-half of the picture . But the band could successfully gear it up and kick out the jams .
 I love Still Life , recorded on the Rolling Stones 1981 American tour . The album has a great summertime vibe , high energy , and takes me right back to the Tattoo You era and 1981-82 . My only complaint about Still Life is there are n't enough songs - and with a band like the Stones they ca n't include everything , but there 's nothing from the Sticky Fingers/Let It Bleed period . Still Life focuses on , understandably , Ronnie Wood material and some standard classics . I 'd love to have Hang Fire , Waiting on a Friend , or Little T&A on this album though . Still Life for me is a must have , and a Stones album I listen to over and over year after year . Classic . Standout tracks include
 Most of the reviews of this live-outing from the Stones focus on the excessive speed with which they render the songs . However , for those of you who grew up with `` Tattoo You '' instead of `` To His Satanic Majesties Request '' should enjoy this 1981 stadium recording . Consider the inconsistencies just like marks in fine leather and enjoy this frantic ride . The `` morphing '' of a Duke Ellington standard into `` Under My Thumb '' is worth the price itself .
 In 1981 , The Rolling Stones began their 1981 U.S. Tour . The tour was suuporting their `` Tatttoo You '' album.Here is what I think of each song.INTRO -LRB- No Rating -RRB- UNDER MY THUMBA Great live version ! This version was used for the audio in the opening sequence in the newly released DVD-boxset , The Rolling Stones 1981 North American Concert Tour Collection.LET 'S SPEND THE NIGHT TOGTHERPretty good . Taken from the live Pay Per View broadcast in Hampton , Va. -LRB- GREAT SHOW ! -RRB- SHATTEREDSloppy , from the same show.TWENTY FLIGHT ROCKThe version of `` Let 's Spend The Night Together '' is better.GOING TO A GO-GOGreat ! The single version that was released is better though.LET ME GOFast , but OKTIME IS ON MY SIDEA very good and slow version of the song.JUST MY IMAGINATIONThe best version they ever did.START ME UPThis is an amazing version of the song . Best from that tour . This version was used for the audio in the Video Rewind credits.SATISFACTION.Good version . Used for the audio in the new DVD-boxedset I talked about earlier.IF YOU LIKE THIS CD , TRY LOOKING FOR THE NEW DVD-SET ON EBAY OR BUY `` LET 'S SPEND THE NIGHT TOGETHER '' HERE !
 I do n't care what the previous reviewers think . This is the Rolling Stones ' best live recording . I 've listened to this album -LRB- now CD -RRB- probably over a hundred times over the years and it still holds up very well .
 Sublime versions of Motown Classics '' Going to a Go Go '' & '' Just my Imagination '' , killer rendition of '' Under my Thumb '' and the first and best live version of '' Start me Up '' . They sound great and though it 's at the Polar end of the Classic '' Ya Ya 's '' it 's their only other on cue Live Album next to it .
 I recommend playing this loud and enjoy the rebel attitude inherent in their music ... Under My Thumb is an in-your-face jump up and down rocket ride ...
 I had this on vinyl back in high school ... it has my favorite version of `` Under My Thumb '' I just recently purchased `` Hampton Coliseum Live ' 81 '' from google music ... it 's great , but the version of under my thumb is different and not quite as powerful in my opinion . Some of the versions are the same . I had to have this back in my collection ... it 's a great snap-shot of the stones during this time period !
 Good live album . The CD came in ahead of the stated ship time and in very good condition . I would recommend the seller .
 Got this for a Father 's Day gift for my Dad . It was the very first album my Dad ever bought me when I was a kid so I gave it back to him for Father 's Day . Superb live album . A must have for a Stones fan or really any real music lover .
 I 'll add my voice to the chorus of other reviewers on this one . This album is one of the more unjustly maligned Stones records . I say unjustly because this is arguably their last great live album until the recent Shine A Light . The boys are in great form on nearly every track here , and if there is any complaint to be hurled at the track list , it is that this album is too short . It really should have been a double album.Remember , this live album was recorded on the tour supporting Tattoo You , yet we only get Start Me Up from that album . I would have loved to hear the band at this point in their career playing Neighbors , Little T&A ; , and Black Limousine live . Then again , perhaps the thinking was they did n't want to cannibalize sales from Tattoo You itself , which was on or near the charts for some time after its release . Not that I would have removed anything from the Still Life record that we wound up with -- and I say `` record '' because I did buy it in high school on LP when it first came out . As much as I love Chuck Berry , it was a refreshing change of pace for the Stones to pick Twenty Flight Rock and Going to A Go Go as their cover songs for this live album . And no , there 's nothing wrong with covers , especially when the band tears into them like on this album.As far as this 2009 Universal remaster , it is just as sonically fat and juicy as the rest of the 2009 Universal remasters . Apparently , Bill Wyman DID have his bass plugged in on all of these albums . And Charlie 's drums sound better than they ever had on previous CD reissues of these records , whether CBS/Grammofoonplaten or , later , Virgin . This is most notable from , say , Emotional Rescue forward , which originally sounded like he was playing cardboard boxes on those CD releases of these titles . Best of all , you can untangle Keith and Ronnie and hear two , yes , two guitars playing with and against each other at the same time .
 Still Life -LRB- American Concert 1981 -RRB- was originally released June 1 , 1982 , it went to # 1 in both the UK & US . The album includes the single hits Going To A Go Go -LRB- backed by Beast Of Burden -RRB- and Time Is On My Side -LRB- live version -RRB- -LRB- backed by Twenty Flight Rock -RRB- . Both Going To A God Go and Twenty Flight Rock had not been recorded previously and were not issued on any other albums . Most people know the music , so in my reviews I try to give you data on the sessions and interesting facts connected with the songs and the album . Here we go : The album was recorded at during the 81 American tour in NJ -LRB- 11-5 -RRB- , Chicago -LRB- 11-25 -RRB- , Largo , MD -LRB- 12-7/8 -RRB- , Tempe -LRB- 12-13 -RRB- , and Hampton Roads -LRB- 12-18/19 -RRB- . Interesting notes include : ... the Dec 13 Tempe , Arizona concert at Sun Devil Stadium was filmed and became the movie Let 's Spend The Night Together -LRB- still available here on Amazon.com -RRB- ... Before the Rosemont Horizon shows in Chicago the Stones showed up at the Checkerboard Lounge to jam with Muddy Waters in his last recorded performance before he died in 1983 -LRB- videotapes of the show are still popular in the bootleg market -RRB- ... The Stones rehearsed for the tour during August and September at Longview Farm in Brookfield , MA . It was the 1st major corporate sponsored tour , entertaining > 2 million paying fans and grossing $ 60 million ... Mick was not getting along with Keith and Woody at this time ... they called him `` Brenda '' and things got so bad that the tour contract required Mick to stay off the stage when Keith did Little T&A. ; ... Keith hated the cherry picker that Mick used during the concerts , but when Mick offered to dump it if Keith would give up drugs for the duration of the tour , the cherry picker stayed ... On Sep 14 the band did a gig as `` Blue Monday and the Cockroaches '' at the 350 seat Sir Morgan 's Cove in Worcester , MA ... 5,000 fans had to be held back to avoid a riot ... the club finally opened the doors while the Stones did a short set that could be heard outsideThis information comes from `` It 's Only Rock And Roll
 This is a great live album . I think Rolling Stone magazine was certainly too picky , and many others are over critical . You ca n't compare this album to older releases like `` Ya-Ya 's '' or `` Love You Live '' because a lot of the material on this album was contemporary of the time , and sounds great . Highlights are definitely `` Satisfaction '' -LRB- possibly the BEST version ! -RRB- , `` Under My Thumb '' , and `` Start Me Up . '' The only problem is that the film companion to this album , `` Let 's Spend the Night Together '' -LRB- unfortunately no longer available -RRB- , has far greater versions of `` Let Me Go '' -LRB- 10x better -RRB- , and `` 20 Flight Rock '' than this album 's , and the film also has live gems like `` Hangfire '' , `` Neighbors '' , and `` Let it Bleed '' , which should have been included on this album . If you can , try and get the video , because when combined with `` Still Life '' you 've got a great live Stones set .
 The critics always pan this , do n't listen to them . There is nothing profound here just a really good rock concert . Let Me Go is a great , faster improvement over the Emotional Rescue version , Just My Imagination is fabulous and even the golden oldie Time Is On My Side is put forth with ragged passion.This was the last tour that the Stones were confident enough to just go out and play with a few choice sidemen , not a huge posse of background singers and other players to cover up their slips . The magical key to a great Stones song is backup vocals from Keith and we get that here in spades.My only criticism of this record is that it 's too short . There were lots of great songs from this tour that should have been included . She 's So Cold , Beast of Burden and Let It Bleed come to mind .
 From my view , this presents the Stones as the height of their musical power -LRB- albeit at the height of tensions between the Glimmer Twins -RRB- . I know that reformed Stones purists think that the band ended with Tattoo You -LRB- orthodox Stone purists believed the band ended with Mick Taylor -RRB- , and zealot purists still buy the new albums that the band puts out . Without taking any of those positions , this is simply the band when the guys were still young -LRB- and Jagger did n't look like Barney Fife yet -RRB- and one dude in football pants could hold an entire stadium of people in the palm of his hand . Some would n't like the arena music here as much as the early ` raw ' stuff -LRB- like the Get Your Ya Ya 's Out album -RRB- , but I like this era
 Back on the 1981 tour , `` Tattoo You '' had just been released , and this album chronicles a strong outing by the Stones . And yes , ladies and gentlemen , Mick wore football pants and the Union Jack at the same time ... who else has the swagger to pull that off?Anyway , like some folks have said , critics usually say this album is n't worth its salt . I disagree . Listen to the different take on `` Under My Thumb '' ... it changes from a marimba-laced groove tune to a hard rock classic . What 's more , the disc offers a fast-paced , energetic version of `` Shattered , '' as well as `` Goin ' to a Go-Go , '' a Smokey Robinson classic that became a staple of that tour . Too bad we missed out on `` She 's So Cold '' and got `` Let Me Go '' instead.In addition , `` Start Me Up '' was truly a new song on this tour , and it shows with the energy and excitement that comes through on this version . At one point , Mick asks the crowd , `` Are you ready to rock and roll some more ? `` I know I am . Get this one ~ LBS
 Recorded during The Rolling Stones ' 1981 tour , Still Life includes both live songs from then-recent albums and old gems , as well as a number of covers , including The Miracles ' `` Going to a Go-Go . '' The best moments come first with the Stones ' own
 The Rolling Stones-Still Life **** Wile it is n't as widely popular as the ` great ` Get Yer Ya-Ya 's Out ! ; Still Life is still an exciting live record , and superior to Ya-Ya 's in many ways , and for me personally I think I might like it more.While I ca n't for the life of me understand why if this was the Tattoo You tour of 1981 , in touring support of the album of the same name , why only one out of the ten songs on the album are from that album , those being ` Start Me Up ' of course being the choice for the record . The rest is made up mostly of old rock and r & b ; tunes the band grew up admiring , and early Stones hits.So with this is superior to Ya-ya 's is well , it 's a hell of a lot more fun , and is n't that what a concert is supposed to be is fun . While Ya-Ya 's is a classic , the energy is n't as in your face as here . That is also why I prefer to listen to this one as well . Ya-ya 's had a better selection of songs , and some classic versions of them , and truly is superior over all but for a good fun listen from a time that was other wise lame for The Stones , Still Life is a nice addition to a live Rolling Stones collection .
 `` Still Life '' featurs 10 live performances culled from 1981 's bittersweet `` Tattoo You '' tour . While there were roughly 26 songs performed at every show on the tour , they narrowed down the album to a scant 12 live tracks , not counting brief snatches of Duke Ellington 's `` Take The A-Train '' and Jimi Hendrix 's `` Star Spangled Banner '' . Kicking off the procedings is a fantastic `` Under My Thumb '' , which starts off with a blistering , 43-second guitar solo and a venemous Mick lead vocal . This song was used to open up every show . `` Let 's Spend The Night Together '' and `` Shattered '' follow it , and these performances lack everything the studio versions had . The former was a provocative , catchy , and upbeat dance number when it was released as a single in 1967 . But here , it 's pretty much album filler . The same can be said for `` Shattered '' . There really is n't much to say about the performances of `` Twenty Flight Rock '' , `` Going To A Go-Go '' , and `` Let Me Go '' , either . They 're not bad performances , but there not that great . It 's really the 1-2-3-4 of `` Time Is On My Side '' , `` Just My Imagination '' , `` Start Me Up '' and a furious , 4:11 `` Satisfaction '' that merit the album 4 stars.Still there are so many great songs performed on the tour that could 've been made the album great . namely `` When The Whip Comes Down '' , `` Honky Tonk Women '' , `` Star Star '' , `` Tumbling Dice '' , `` Neighbours '' , `` Little T & A '' , `` Sympathy For The Devil '' , `` Hang Fire '' , `` Jumpin ' Jack Flash '' and `` Brown Sugar '' .
 Nothing special here , just a layed-back concert that seems aptly named . `` Still Life '' really seems to capture the Stones at a point in time - and a rather poingant one at that . Somewhere between `` Tatoo You `` and `` Steel Wheels , '' both breakthrough efforts , we find the stones just hanging out and jamming.This album lacks the brutal urgency of `` Flash Point , '' which may actually be why it 's such a great listen.No Stones fan should be without this album .
 I do n't care what anyone else says , this is the Stones ' best album after Exile On Main Street . I love the versions here and the album flows very easily . I 'm not sure what these other reviewers were listening to . I ca n't imagine it was this album -LRB- maybe `` Got LIVE If You Want It '' -RRB- .
 The Stones are , undoubtedly the greatest live band ever . Maybe because no two concerts are alike , and no tours are ever alike . The 1981 tour was awesome ! This album demonstrates how great it was . The first ripping chords of `` Under My Thumb '' provides a good intro . `` Shattered '' is excellent . You can just picture Mick Jagger kicking and flying all over the stage . This is one great live album . It even gives a tribute to Jimi Hendrix at the end .
 I 've always liked this , the fourth live Stones album I believe . ` Still Life ' was recorded on their '81 ` Tattoo You ' U.S. tour.I saw the tour like a couple of days before it ended.Remember those video clips that VH1 Classic is currently showing?Think those were filmed in Ronoake , VA which was on the tour 's final performance.Very nice concert moments to be able to relive , as such.I 'd hate to be the editor for this lp ; having to decide which songs go on the vinyl , you know ... when it first came out.Too bad this could n't have been a double lp.Tunes that did it for me were `` Under My Thumb '' , the R&B chestnut `` Going To A Go-Go '' , `` Just My Imagination '' , `` Start Me Up '' and `` Satisfaction '' . Sounds great.Recommended .
 I have been a stones fanatic forever and have seen them live in concert many times and this album is my favorite live recording . Sure , the more recent albums have better sound with todays more modern digital recordings , but this is still my favorite . It captures a moment in time that I think the Stones performed their best music . For me every Stones Live album is great , but this one tops my list . You 'll agree right from the first chord Keith lays down on under my thumb . Buy it !
 Second best only to `` Get Yer Ya Ya 's Out '' , the selected tracks move smoothly . One of their best tours and song selections .
 First off , the video quality may not be the best on this DVD , but it is one of the most real feeling music dvd 's out there.Seven Witches was in top form during this show . Everything just clicks . If you are a fan of American Heavy Metal , or European Power Metal , you 're are going to like the set of songs played here . There are songs here from all of their albums , with a few highlights including `` Camelot '' , `` Metal Tyrant '' , `` Apocalyptic Dreams '' , `` Johnny '' and many others.This is a must have for fans . Its a close up , in your face romp through an awesome set , plus you can see me while you 're watching it . I 'm the fat guy in the front , right around the center wearing a Powerslave T-Shirt .
 `` I can be a household word - can I call you on the phone ? '' BEFORE Sonic Youth , Thurston Moore was in THE COACHMEN . Do n't get this confuzed with the 60 's bad either . This is less-distortion and more skater , punk/mod stuff . Very cool . . nonsense lyrics . reminds me of STUMP ! `` YOU 'VE GOT A RADICAL LIFESTYLE ! ''
 Imagine , if you will , that Jefferson Airplane and King Crimson had met and decided to form one group . That 'll give you an idea of what this Dutch rock group of the 70s was like , but you need to experience Earth & Fire first-hand . They really deserve attention on this side of the world.Earth and Fire , led by the charismatic and beautiful Jerney Kaagman , were quite a success in the Netherlands in the 1970s . They began their career as a psychedelic group with progressive-rock leanings on this album , and scored big in the charts with their singles `` Seasons , '' `` Ruby Is The One , '' and `` Wild And Exciting , '' all of which are on here . This was their first album , from 1971 . Their melodic brand of psychedelic rock shows signs of developing further , and it did.From this album forward they became ever more exploratory , putting out the outstanding prog albums `` Atlantis '' and `` Song of the Marching Children . '' Songs from both those albums are featured here as bonus tracks , and all are worth listening to for fans of strong female vocals and psych/prog rock.Unfortunately , Earth & Fire collectively lost their minds in the mid 1970s , becoming a smarmy sub-Abba disco act . The last two songs on the CD , sadly enough , date from this era of the band , but if you stop the CD right after `` Song of the Marching Children , '' no harm done . The inclusion of these harrowingly awful songs is the only thing that keeps this CD from being a 5-star outing.On this , their first album , they come out dazzlingly fully formed . Granted , their grasp of English was none too sturdy , but Jerney Kaagman 's soaring alto overcomes the language barrier , and the band -LRB- anchored by brothers Chris and Gerard Koerts on guitar and keyboards -RRB- is as good or better than most of their European and British counterparts . Mellotron orchestras , grand Hammond organ flourishes , and powerful guitar riffing abound.If you 're a sucker for psychedelic/progressive , this will definitely do it for you . I 've owned this CD for about three years now and it 's never too far from my player . It 's nice to see it 's available . If you 're a fan of Jefferson Airplane , the Moody Blues , King Crimson , or psychedelic and progressive rock music in general , you will find a lot to like here . Recommended .
 Here in America , Earth & Fire is completely unknown , and if you ask most Americans , they 'll either give you a blank stare or say something like `` You do n't mean Earth , Wind & Fire ? '' -LRB- which is obviously a completely different group , an American R&B ; / soul/funk band -RRB- . In Holland , they were able to rack up a bunch of hit singles -LRB- many of them not available on any non-compilation albums -RRB- and release great prog rock albums in the process . I first got exposed to Earth & Fire as a kid when my dad bought the LP of To the World of the Future -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , since none of my family ever been to Holland , my dad bought that album either mistaking them for Earth , Wind & Fire , or simply liked the futuristic '70s artwork -LRB- he was n't exactly the most musically informed person out there -RRB- . Of course by that point , the band was starting to explore disco , but still had n't quite abandoned prog.In 1970 , the band released their self-entitled debut . And just to let everyone know , the one with the Roger Dean cover is not the original pressing , that was a 1971 UK pressing on the Nepentha label , and of course that 's the cover used for the German Repertoire label CD reissue , as well as the newer Japanese reissue . The original Dutch LP was released on Polydor/Medium -LRB- has the same familiar red Polydor label , with the `` Medium '' logo under the `` Polydor '' logo -RRB- and featured a gimmick matchbox cover , which shows a picture of the band , and when you fold open the cover , you see matches , and a list of the songs . This album is less polished than their following -LRB- ie . Song of the Marching Children , Atlantis -RRB- and there 's plenty of that late '60s psych elements still left . The band consisted of female vocalist Jerney Kaagman , with twin brothers Chris Koerts on guitar and Gerard Koerts on organ and flute , with drummer Ton van der Kleij and bassist Hans Ziech . This album managed three hits , `` Seasons '' , `` Ruby is the One '' , and `` Wild and Exciting '' . `` Seasons '' and `` Ruby is the One '' featured original drummer Cees Kalis -LRB- Ton v.d. Kleij hopped on board once they started recording their debut LP -RRB- , since both of those were released as a single prior to the album 's release , `` Seasons '' being their first ever release , released at the end of 1969 -LRB- `` Hazy Paradise '' was the B-side , and `` Mechanical Lover '' was the flip side of `` Ruby is the One '' -RRB- . `` Love Quiver '' is the one cut that bears a striking resemblance to Jefferson Airplane , but unlike the Airplane , you get treated with a great organ solo . `` What 's Your Name '' is a laid-back acoustic piece with flute . And there 's lots of times that `` 21st Century Show '' is called `` 21st Century Land '' , because of the previous cut entitled `` Vivid Shady Land '' , but it 's actually entitled `` 21st Century Show '' . `` Seasons '' , as mentioned , dates from 1969 , and was n't written by either of the Koerts brothers or E&F ; members , but George Kooysman of Golden Earring -LRB- who supported E&F ; , and helped them get a deal with Polydor , in which Golden Earring recorded for -RRB- . `` Twilight Dreamer '' sounds like a precursor to `` Carnival of the Animals '' -LRB- from Song of the Marching Children -RRB- and near the end what sounds like the band 's first ever use of a synthesizer -LRB- sounds like a Moog -RRB- . `` Vivid Shady Land '' is a perfect example of the band still sticking to that late '60s psychedelic sound.On the Repertoire CD reissue , you have the complete album , which ends with `` What 's Your Name '' -LRB- track 9 -RRB- , and then you have a whole bunch of bonus cuts , all non-album singles , all the way up to 1976 , where the band decided to go disco . You get `` Hazy Paradise '' , `` Mechanical Lover '' , the ever wonderful `` Invitation '' -LRB- one of my favorite non-album singles the band released -RRB- and the equally wonderful Mellotron-oriented `` Memories '' . You also get the original single version of `` Song of the Marching Children '' , which was released several months before the album 's release , and what separates this version from the album version is Jerney Kaagman 's singing sounds different . `` Lost Forever '' -LRB- flip side of `` Storm and Thunder '' -RRB- and `` From the End 'till the Beginning '' -LRB- flip side of `` Memories '' -RRB- are also featured . Missing here is `` Tuffy the Cat '' -LRB- flip side of `` Love of Life '' -RRB- , but I guess they could n't include that because of lack of space , thanks to all the other bonus cuts . Then they included two songs from where the band went disco , `` Thanks For the Love '' -LRB- 1975 -RRB- and `` What Difference Does it Make '' -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , complete with strings , horns and hi-hats . Unfortunately Earth & Fire fell victim in the late '70s by recording increasingly commercial material , and you know it 's time to run when comparisons to ABBA start surfacing -LRB- but it did n't hurt the band in terms of success , although it 's understood that most prog rock fans do n't usually bother with much anything they released after 1975 -RRB- . Regardless , this CD is a wonderful historical document , not just for the debut , a great album that shows even better things to come , but you get lots of non-album singles as well .
 Released in 1970 by the Dutch group Earth & Fire , this debut presents a collection of fine psychedelic pop that shows the band starting to develop their signature sound . References to groups active at the time abound and I personally heard tiny snippets of the Mamas and the Papas , Savage Rose and Jefferson Airplane amongst others . Although stylistically indebted to psychedelic rock , there are moments of subtle `` progressiveness '' here and there , which point in the direction the band would head in starting with the excellent Song of the Marching Children -LRB- 1971 -RRB- . Six of the seven tracks on the original album range in length from 3 to 5 minutes , with a single track lasting for 7:36 -LRB- Love Quiver -RRB- -LRB- which is a nice and heavy jam -RRB- . One of the most distinctive features of the music is the lead vocal of -LRB- female -RRB- vocalist Jerney Kaagman - vocals are in English with a bit of an accent . Jerney has a nice style and a great sense of melody ; come to think of it , bouncy , and at times , melancholy melodies are everywhere on this album . The rich vocal harmonies are also nice and add a lot to the sound . Other distinctive features include the Hammond organ playing , which assumes a very `` churchy '' sound at times , along with some hard-edged electric guitar tones . Overall , these guys are fine players.This remastered effort by Repertoire is not bad at all and features informative liner notes along with decent sound quality and the original Roger Dean cover . The nine bonus tracks are good and most importantly , introduce the fantastic material off of Song of the Marching Children -LRB- albeit in edited -LSB- single -RSB- form -RRB- to folks that are new to the band.All in all , this is a cool album of psychedelic pop that boasts some great singing by Jerney Kaagman and great melodies . Although not necessarily a representation of the group during their progressive period , the core sound was starting to take shape . The definitive `` proggy '' albums released by the band includeSong of the Marching Children -LRB- 1971 -RRB- andAtlantis -LRB- 1973 -RRB- . These albums present the short , psychedelic tunes on the debut in vastly expanded form and feature the mellotron -LRB- with string setting -RRB- in all of its melancholy glory .
 Many musicians release some sort of experimental album at some point in their career . For Peter Gabriel , every album is an experiment . Usually musicians experiment by deviating from the norm ; however , on Gabriel 's fifth experiment , SO , the ex-Genesis frontman does the exact opposite . Gabriel , beloved for always doing something different , decided on this album to play it safe - and for Gabriel , that is an experiment . Previously he was a sort of cult performer , but on SO , Gabriel finally made it into the spotlight . Big time . SO was an immense success , peaking at number one on the Billboard Top 100 , receiving overwhelmingly-positive reviews -LRB- in 2003 , So placed 187th on Rolling Stone 's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time -RRB- , and resulting in a sold-out tour.Which brings us to one nagging term
 The album that the querulous at the time saw as Gabriel 's `` sellout '' has turned out to be amongst his best . Four years after `` Security '' Gabriel drastically changed direction and suddenly found himself a household name . If he was competing with his old Genesis bandmate Phil Collins then Gabriel won . `` So '' epitomizes quality 1980 's pop and still stands up solid today . That and it sold in droves . `` Sledgehammer '' clogged the pop airwaves almost as much as its video clogged the then young MTV 's playlist . Many new listeners -LRB- like myself -RRB- had no idea that Gabriel had already notched up almost twenty years in the business . We all told each other `` Hey ! This new guy Gabriel 's great ! `` As everyone now knows , `` So '' is anything but a blatant grope for success . True , it 's more accessible than anything Gabriel previously recorded . But no album containing `` Red Rain '' , `` Mercy Street '' , `` Excellent Birds '' , and `` We Do What We 're Told '' could ever get subsumed as a mere `` sellout '' . These songs sit aside some of Gabriel 's best ever , particularly `` Mercy Street '' -LRB- which is probably the closest that `` So '' came to `` Security '' -RRB- . The hits just kept pouring out of this album . After `` Sledgehammer '' conquered pop music `` Big Time '' -LRB- Gabriel 's jab at over confidence and maybe a slam on himself -RRB- followed along with `` In Your Eyes '' -LRB- it was re-released a few times , but the extended live version far outshines the version here -RRB- , `` Do n't Give Up '' -LRB- even with this big hit people in the States still do n't know who Kate Bush is ; Poor Kate -RRB- , and `` Red Rain '' . One wonders if Gabriel himself was as surprised as anyone by this level of success . The man who once dressed up as a bat for concerts now stood on the pinnacle of the pop scene . It must have felt strange.Once the hype and attention to `` So '' petered out -LRB- as every big thing does -RRB- Gabriel did what any sane person would . He hid . Almost three years later he released a mostly instrumental masterpiece called `` Passion '' -LRB- the re-worked soundtrack for Scorcese 's `` The Last Temptation of Christ '' -RRB- . Fans of `` So '' probably did n't know what to think of this one . Longtime Gabriel fans probably recognized the same old Gabriel in this move.The only complaint about the CD reissue is the song order . Why put `` In Your Eyes '' after `` Excellent Birds '' ? Originally it came after `` That Voice Again '' and before `` Mercy Street '' . It sounded good there . This new order also ruins the effect of `` We Do What We 're Told '' , Gabriel 's ode to the fascinatingly controversial psychologist Stanley Milgram . What a closer for a pop album . -LRB- `` Excellent Birds '' was originally listed as a `` bonus song '' ; it 's a re-working of a song co-written for Laurie Anderson 's 1984 album `` Mister Heartbreak '' -RRB- . The original song order made more sense . Put it back!Gabriel 's popularity still remains strong , but it has never reached the dizzying heights of the `` So '' years . Gabriel probably prefers this . He 's never been one to hamster fame . Instead , he uses his fame and money to promote music from all over the world -LRB- on his `` Real World '' label that started not long after `` So '' ; it features artists rarely heard in the West -RRB- . What better way to celebrate success than to share it ?
 I really didnt want to like this album ... it kind of reeked slightly of mainstream , but I just could ` nt help myself . I just love this record . It really delivers from start to finish and still gives me chills at times because its just so good .
 This was one of the first CDs I ever owned and is still one of my favorite albums ever . The tracks span from fun and poppy -LRB- Sledgehammer , Big Time -RRB- to just beautiful and sublime . It does n't take a genius to know that In Your Eyes is a fantastic song , but I really think everything on the album is just as strong . Some of it 's just a little more subtle . Especially Mercy Street -LRB- somewhat based on work by the poet Anne Sexton -RRB- . Mercy Street is better than you think . Go on , play it again . Oh , but to do that you have to buy the album . What are you waiting for ??
 Peter Gabriel 's album `` So '' has achieved classic status in some quarters . It has a few songs that are definitely great , some that are good , and one that I do n't really care for . One thing is certain-this man has a whole lot of talent . Few people can write songs that seethe with humanity but at the same time are capable of casting their vision upon something greater . An historic example of this talent that springs to mind is the poet John Donne . Peter Gabriel is also a member of this club.There are three songs that I consider as being `` great `` on this disc
 If some asked me for my top 5 all time favorite albumns , `` So '' would be in that list . Its one of those albumns that I can honestly say I like every single song . Its hard to find an albumn you can say that about . . they are few and far between ...
 This was one of the 1st CD 's I ever got . A friend of mine described this as `` perhaps the best sounding album of 1986 '' . You have to remember this was recorded right when the technology age was starting to boom ! Peter Gabriel brings in talents like Daniel Lanois -LRB- producer and guitar -RRB- , David Rhodes -LRB- guitar -RRB- , Kate Bush -LRB- vocals -RRB- , Stewart Copeland -LRB- drums and hi-hat -RRB- , Nile Rogers -LRB- guitar -RRB- , Tony Levin -LRB- bass -RRB- , Richard Tee -LRB- keyboards -RRB- . `` Big Time '' is a funny song -LRB- `` and my heaven will be a big heaven and I will walk through the front door '' -RRB- with a rhythm and blues beat provided by Copeland . `` Sledgehammer '' is done similarly with Mowtown-style brass -LRB- `` I 've kicked the habit , shed my skin '' -RRB- . `` Do n't Give Up '' is one of the most encouraging songs ever -LRB- with Kate Bush dueting -RRB- . `` Mercy Street '' has some of Peter Gabriel 's best lyrics . `` We Do What We 're Told '' is based on Milgram 's 33 experiment -LRB- where people were tricked into thinking they would have to punish others for giving the wrong answers -RRB- . `` This Is the Picture '' sounds a lot like the old Genesis of the 1970 's . `` In Your Eyes '' features some great guitar work from David Rhodes and was featured in the movie Say Anything , released 3 years after this album
 Announced on 8/14/12 is the 25th Anniversary ReMaster to be released on October 23 , 2012 . In many various , and delightful , forms and formats . On Amazon , if you can wait . Coinciding with Peter Gabriel 's 2012-2013 `` So '' tour `` Back to Front '' . We 'll be at the San Jose concert on Oct 2 , 2012 . It 's going to be a wonderful Autumn . Good health to Phil.This is a wonderful album which others have fully reviewed . I add my five plus stars , with the happy news of a 10/23/12 remastered release .
 I 've been feeling nostalgic about music from my younger years , and thought of Peter Gabriel 's ` So ' album . The music is simple and straight forward with powerful lyrics . It 's something that I can listen to at any time and takes me back to a simpler time when we were n't so plugged in that we actually paid attention to what was happening around us .
 I was looking for this album in June of this year and was intrigued that there was a remaster version from 2010 available . I 've always thought there were some good songs on this album but the album as a whole was - pretty good but not great . My wife was interested in this album so I was seeking out a copy for her . Of course with any CD purchase , I had to critically analyze the remastering job and I must say I 'm impressed . There is some clarity in the mid range and bass frequencies that I did n't detect before , but the timbrel balance is still pleasing . Dynamic range is also very lifelike . It 's amazing how good an album can sound when they optimize the loudness for the CD medium , but still leave the dynamic range intact . I find it hard to believe that this was mastered by the same person -LRB- Tony Cousins -RRB- who mastered the recent Genesis reissues . The approach on the two projects are completely different . I think this may be proof that Peter Gabriel did not have input on the green Genesis box set , at least as far as the audio production on the stereo CDs was concerned . If you love this album , this 2010 remaster is highly recommended .
 Peter Gabriel capped his troika of five star albums with what became his commercial high-point , the energetic -LRB- for him , anyway -RRB- `` So . '' I guess when you say energetic in regard to Gabriel , that definition comes from the hits `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time . '' The hard hitting rhythms and memorable videos from those two songs made them huge hits and -- peculiar enough -- dance floor sensations . The hook in `` Big Time '' is so mammoth that it has since been used to do everything from promote movies to selling automobiles ; ironic , considering the song 's focus on falsity of the commercial world.For those who viewed this sudden burst of commercial acceptance as sell out , `` So '' has something they obviously missed . This is Gabriel 's most spiritual album . `` Mercy Street , '' `` In Your Eyes '' and `` Do n't Give Up '' are unbelievably uplifting songs . Having explored African music for the basis of much of `` Security , '' this time Gabriel enlisted one of that continent 's foremost vocalists . The exuberance of Youssou N'Dour at the close of `` In Your Eyes '' and the angelic -LRB- I ca n't think of any other way to describe it -RRB- lead of Kate Bush on `` Do n't Give Up '' make both of these the kind of songs I turn to in moments of despair.In addition to N'Dour and Bush , `` So '' has an amazing list of player 's players contributing . Everyone from Jim Kerr of Simple Minds , Michael Been of The Call , Nile Rogers of Chic , and producer Daniel Lanois all contribute to making `` So '' a stunning album of rich musical tones . In fact , this may be the Peter Gabriel album that benefited the most from its remastering . Lanois ' production tends to lean on more organic sounds , and this new edition of `` So '' finds them sounding more crisp and spaced.The remastering did leave me with one gripe . How come `` In Your Eyes '' got pushed to the end of this CD as opposed to the track five slot of the original ? -LRB- This CD 's participants ' track listing did n't change the guest musicians/running order , either ! -RRB- On original discs , `` In Your Eyes '' came between `` That Voice Again '' and `` Mercy Street , '' leaving the album to end with the more peculiar -LRB- and more satisfying -RRB- `` This Is The Picture/Excellent Birds . `` That 's just a minor question in perspective to the overall impact of `` So . '' This was one of the Top 5 albums of 1986 , and along with albums by Bruce Springsteen , U2 and Simple Minds , one of the best of the eighties as a decade .
 One of the hardest jobs an artist has is to make an album commercially viable for sale , and yet stay true to your musical ideals . Peter Gabriel has managed to do that on this album . All the songs are well written and easy to digest . At the same time , you can tell immediately this is a Peter Gabriel album.The album starts with the lyrically haunting but musically catchy Red Rain - a strong start . It then moves into the radio smash `` Sledgehammer '' - a fun and funky song . The album alternates between the easily accessible to the moody and emotional with ease.Some of the great highlights on this album are not necessarily the hits . `` Do n't Give Up '' , featuring Kate Bush , is an encouraging song about and how to pick yourself up after failing . `` Mercy Street '' is dedicated to the poet Anne Sexton . And I still think `` In Your Eyes '' is a powerful song.It 's fun to see an artist succeed with his or her own unique style , no compromises . PG has a great talent to do just that .
 SO proved to be Gabriel 's commercial breakthrough , but the fascinating thing about this CD is that it also stays true to the artist 's unique vision . Each song touches on the depth of emotion that Gabriel never seems to be afraid to plumb ; from the haunting duet with Kate Bush on `` Do n't Give Up , '' to the ridiculous figure who is intent on making it , in `` Big Time , '' Gabriel never loses sight of his own vision . Each song works on its own merit ; collectively this is just about perfect . `` In Your Eyes '' alone is worth the purchase . There are some who were afraid that Gabriel might have been `` going commercial . '' -LRB- Just listen to the last two cuts and you realize the experimental side of Gabriel is never far from the front . -RRB- It just seems to me that on SO , the rest of the world caught up .
 SO is the Peters most commercially successful album to date.Many of us think of Sledgehammer and Big Time with their incredibly creative videos and danceable beats and hilarious lyrics . While I love thoses songs a lot , this album offers more than just those two songs alone.Where those two songs are very upbeat and funky the rest of So is dark , eerie and very atmospheric.Red Rain the opening track is absolutely one of the most radiant tracks Gabriel has ever produced . The title track is absolutely perfect . If there was a video I think it should have been a scene of him walking on the city sidewalk when it 's pouring rain and give the picture a red tint like red plastic wrapping placed over the eyes and at the ending of the song the red clouds break up and the sun comes out . Red Rain is an incredibly moving song , so moving it 's almost like a one song soundtrack because of how lonely , and intense it is . I do n't think Peter will ever top this song . It 's that good . I love the way the keyboards sound.The other song to point out is ` In Your Eyes ' . I , ve heard how fans were upset that it was n't included on the 1990 Shaking The Tree collection . I kind of wished it was included on that album but I at the same time think it was n't a bad idea to leave it off so that this album could stay in print . The chanting at the ending is Senegalese singer Youssou N'Dour . I at first thought it was a Native American chant but learned it was African . In fact when I listen to the song and the chanting towards the fadeout ending I definately have to say that it was a signal of Passion that would follow this album.Don ' t Give Up is ambient/soul music with a truly meaningful message . I love the lyrics . They tell a story of someone who feels lost , hopeless , and all alone . The line `` I am a man whose dreams have all deserted '' touched me like no other lyrics in my life . I for one have gone through situations like this especially in high school . I wanted to be popular but my difference from many peers made me feel alone . This song has been a great song to enjoy . Few songs like this have such meaning like this one.The last one I want to point is the sensual Mercy Street . It 's an absolutely beautiful moody song . I believe that it was a tribute to the late Anne Sexton . The meellow , dark yet joyous melody makes this one of the most intriguing songs in Peters catalog.There two mysterious songs at the ending called We Do What We 're Told and This Is The Picture.WDWWT is absolutely spooky with a disturbing guitar riff and strange breezy voice effects . The song then builds up with the sound of a chorus in the distance giving the song a feel of a parade of ghosts marching along a deserted suburban street on a foggy night.This Is The Picture is an odd track that features a guest appearance by vocalist Lori Anderson . While I enjoy this song I have to admit that it does n't rank on par with the rest of the album.I do enjoy remastered editions of most album . Tears for Fears first three albums were re-released remastered and featured awesome bonus tracks.Unfortunately I have to complain about how they re-issued this album . There are no bonus tracks and plus In Your Eyes was moved to the end of the album . The song was perfect placed at the middle of the album . No idea why they put at the endingPutting the chilling We Do What We 're Told in it 's new position diminishes the power of that powerful track . The same thing with This Is The Picture . The original lineup of the album tracks was perfect with In Your Eyes in the middle . I 'm sure that Peter wanted So to end on a brighter more upbeat note wnd while I respect his opinion I must honestly say the So was absolutely perfect the way it was with In Your Eyes in the middle and the WDWWT & TITP at the ending . I actually thought that This Is The Picture ended So on a relatively upbeat note . I like the feel of the song with it making me think while I 'm in the dark there is some light up ahead . So should have been left with it 's original track lineup . I 'm in the task of getting all of Peter Gabriels albums remastered but I refuse to replace my older copy of So . I like the album ending on a relatively dark note.Another thing is that I find the digipak covering inferior to the jewel case version of the remastered catalog . I 'm glad the digipak is limited because I truly believe the re-issuing could have been so much better if the limited edition had bonus material like B-Sides , remixes or demos . I like wtdk got the limited edition as a graduation gift and the covering hinges fell apart within a month.A marvelous , provocitive album that was so badly handled in it 's re-issue , So is absolutely one of the most artistically well crafted albums I have ever owned . It 's so good I bet in 2086 , 100 years after it 's release it will still be available . I will be 104 in November of that year if I live long enough and I will still enjoy SO . This is one of those albums that will stand the test of time . Even the follow-up 1992s US will last a long time even though it does n't quite rank as high .
 Peter Gabriel / So
 This together with his third album represent the best ever work that Peter Gabriel has done to date with this album coming up on top . Every track here is a work of art starting with `` Red Rain '' and ending with my favourite track `` In Your Eyes '' . Even after all these years , this album sounds very good and with the very good remastering job done , still sounds very fresh today.The mlps design is also well done although I would have prefered it if better quality , thicker cardboard was used . The design very faithfully resembles the original vinyl lp even down to the lyrics printed on the inner sleeve . Also included is an insert with all the lyrics in both English and Japanese.The sound quality is what makes this a worthwhile purchase for me though and as they say the cream always rises to the top and despite this album being released over 20 years ago and like a true classic this stands out as one of the best albums ever made and is a personal favourite of mine.Highly recommended .
 First of all , the sound quality on this re-mastered version is quite excellent . This album spawned no less than 5 major hit singles in the UK and/or the US -LRB- and , I think , most parts of the rest of the world as well -RRB- - ` Red Rain ' , ` Sledgehammer ' , ` Do n't Give Up ' , ` Big Time ' , and ` In Your Eyes ' . It is regarded as one of PG 's more accessible albums , with it 's leanings towards mainstream pop-rock . Yet , the album still has some of the trappings of art-rock -LRB- i.e. it 's fairly elaborate arrangements , the emphasis upon keyboard driven synthesized sounds and the -LRB- so called -RRB- cerebral lyrics -RRB- . Musically , there is a lot going on and , although it is music that is reasonably easy on the ear , it is also music which is best listened to while you are not doing anything else . PG turns in some outstanding vocals - his voice has a slight ` raspy ' texture -LRB- perhaps not to everyone 's taste -RRB- which combines well with the ` cleaner ' synthesized sounds behind him.Some comments about selected tracks -LRB- all songs written or co-written by PG -RRB- : SLEDGEHAMMER - An upbeat song with a strong soul-funk groove - it features solid percussion , brassy horns and some very tight female backing vocals ; also , raunchy lyrics ` with attitude ' - phallic references abound . You could be forgiven for thinking that this track was a late 1960s product of Muscle Shoals , Alabama , instead of a mid-1980s creation emanating from the rather genteel city of Bath in Somerset , England -LRB- where it was originally recorded -RRB- . DO N'T GIVE UP - A slow tempo song with a fine melody - the incomparable Kate Bush provides the chorus . The song parables the emotions of a man who is unable to find work . A man who feels bitter and disillusioned at being abandoned by a once trusted socio-political system - his mood is one of resignation , despondency and he even contemplates suicide . The only ` ray of sunshine ' being his wife who offers words of encouragement -LRB- ` do n't give up ' -RRB- and reassurance ; potent lyrics most certainly , but some may find the song depressing . There is no ` happy ending ' - in fact , there is no ending at all.MERCY STREET - Another song which is high on melody ; atmospheric , haunting , eerie , chilling , ` dark ' - all adjectives that can be used to describe this mid-tempo song . It is a heart-wrenching and evocative song about the life and death of the American poetess Anne Sexton ; she suffered from severe manic depression and finally took her own life -LRB- the word ` darkness ' is used a number of times in the lyrics -RRB- . Also , some of the lyrics seem to imply that , as a child , she craved attention from her parents - but this was less than forthcoming . You can not fail to be moved by this song - in my opinion , one of the best songs ever written by PG -LRB- arguably , one of the best songs ever written by ANYONE -RRB- . THIS IS THE PICTURE -LRB- excellent birds -RRB- - A rather repetitive song , but one that has a hypnotic quality . The lyrics are rather ` opaque ' -LRB- which basically means that I have n't a clue about what they are supposed to mean -RRB- - colourful words thrown together without actually conveying anything meaningful -LRB- well , that 's how I see it -RRB- ; listenable but not essential.With it 's variety of musical styles , ` So ' probably has something for everyone . However , whether you can enjoy all of the album much depends upon how catholic your tastes are . The two biggest hit singles - ` Sledgehammer ' and ` Big Time ' are not , in terms of tempo and rhythm , representative of the rest of the album - you should not buy ` So ' simply because you liked these two songsI think the music samples are pretty useless in this case - 6 of the songs , each in their full length glory , can be listened to on You Tube . A couple of songs , ` We Do What We 're Told ' and ` This Is The Picture ' , are too far ` off the beaten track ' for me . Perhaps , a little self-indulgent sometimes but , by and large , ` So ' is an album of sophisticated pop-rock for ` grown-ups ' -LRB- regardless of age -RRB- .
 Jeez , what a great album ! I know , it had gasp ! commercial success , but not from selling out . Any commercial success Peter Gabriel ever had was on his terms . You notice he made no attempt to capitalize on the success of this album by coming out with an identical album a year later , like anyone else would do.All of the songs are top notch here . I prefer the original sequencing , because on the vinyl version , it was about the most incredible side one ever -LRB- `` Red Rain '' , followed by `` Sledge Hammer , '' `` Do n't Give Up '' and `` That Voice Again . '' One of the highlights , of course is `` In Your Eyes , '' which is still a compelling song , despite its involvment in the movie `` Say Anything . ''
 Hey , Bill Bennett , if you have a crappy sound system all you are going to hear is just that , no matter what music you are playing . My system is based around the $ 6000 Denon AVR-5805 with Polk speakers at $ 2000 each , believe me when I say , you are blowing smoke out your butt . This disc sounds incredible .
 I do n't like most songs that make the pop charts . I do n't like synthesizer-heavy arrangements . I do n't like `` big '' production . `` So '' has all of those , but boy do I love it!The mid-80 's were a dry period for rock , with acts like Madonna and Michael Jackson filling the airwaves . Then a `` new '' new wave came along with the likes of U2 's `` Joshua Tree , '' Paul Simon 's `` Graceland , '' Suzanne Vega 's `` Solitude Standing , '' and `` So , '' and suddenly you could listen to the radio and not be ashamed . `` In Your Eyes '' and `` Sledgehammer '' -LRB- and to a lesser extent `` Big Time '' -RRB- made the most noise , but the fun does n't stop there . Also superb are `` Red Rain , '' `` Do n't Give Up , '' and `` Mercy Street . '' And the two tracks I have n't mentioned -LRB- 3 on the reissue -RRB- are pretty good too.I 'm not sure what the story is with putting `` In Your Eyes '' in the final spot on the CD . It 's certainly worthy of that position as a nice rounding out of the album . Whatever . Just takes some getting used to I guess . And Daniel Lanois ' production is an acquired taste . It worked for U2 and Dylan , not so much here - but it does n't spoil it either . The songwriting is just too strong . `` So '' is definitely one of the top 10 albums of the 80 's , and though some disagree , I 'd say it 's Gabriel 's best .
 Peter Gabriel 's `` SO '' album is an absolute masterpiece in all aspects . He utilised the best session musos of the time -LRB- 84 ' to 85 ' -RRB- and recorded the album in a state of the art studio with a producer and engineer who 's ears must have been made from gold . It was one of Manu Katche 's first big albums showing his expertise in drumming -LRB- and still does -RRB- and thanks to Peter for introducing Manu to the mainstage of pop music . The musicality and lyrics are , even in the 2012 's , at the pinnacle of brilliance . Just go and buy the album , you will love it !!!!
 Dear Peter , Yes , you are one of the other Artists on my very short list of Artists I would like to meet.I wo n't name all the others in fear that you may disapprove . However one other is Paula , the two of you on stage together were awesome . `` So '' is a great CD . I ca n't believe I bought it so long ago , and yet reviewing it now.In it 's time it was ground breaking , as were most of your other CD 's . Do I like all your songs ? No , I have to admit I do n't . OVO was not a hit for me , nor was I empassioned by `` Passion '' . But EVERYTHING else has been great.I also love the way you are relooking at past songs and trying new things with Blue Balls and New Blood.Keep smilingmartin
 Peter Gabriel `` So '' CD is perfect !! I love this , listening this is not scratched , broken , warp , or anything !! This music is not any better than this !! I think it is very nice . . Mailing was fine also . . It came to my home and no problem . . Thanks !!!
 I discovered So many years after its time . The music is dynamic & fun to listen to , perhaps more so because it 's not more of the same ol' same ol' . Peter Gabriel 's lyrics are thought provoking and wise . The recording is clear with no noticeable noise . It 's original , does n't feel dated , and makes me want to check out more of his music . Recommended .
 What makes an album timeless ? well-crafted song structure , lyrics that resonate & skilled musicians to translate vision into audio reality . This is def one of those albums ! I remember this like it was released yesterday , although it is a quarter - century old . Radio staples like `` big time '' , `` in your eyes '' -LRB- what woman doesnt like that one ? -RRB- and my fave `` sledgehammer '' which debuted the same time as that ground-breaking show -LRB- SO underloved by ******* execs -RRB- all sound new & fresh every time I hear them ! What a great listening experience : -RRB-
 This is a great CD with songs like Sledgehammer and Big Time , it is almost a classic now and you ca n't go wrong with this disc .
 As other reviewers have noted ` So ' is one of the best places to start with Peter Gabriels work . It has some astounding music on it . ` Red rain ' is powerful and evocative , ` Do n't Give Up ' is plaintive and haunting , ` Sledgehammer ' is pure unadulterated exuberance , ` Mercy Street ' is beautifully melancholic and ` In Your Eyes ' has brilliant lyrics and a great feel . The other tracks are just as good and the album sits together as a whole perfectly . It was very much of it 's time and yet manages to stand up against Gabriels complete body of work , both prior and since . This is an excellent album and highly recommended for any music collection . Well worth a try.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
 The album is a masterpiece by all aspects . It 's not only about `` sledgehammer '' , `` big time '' or `` do n't give up '' , which were massive chart hits in the 80s . It 's the totality that hits you . Every song has its own value , which sums up as a unique experience.The depths and details of the arrangements can be experienced in this SACD format with a proper sound system . If you have a standard setup , I can not blame you that you could n't find any difference with the CD version . It 's so sad to see that this 2 channel SACD version is discountinued by the manufacturer .
 Es CD de vino en perfecto estado . Mi opini&oacute;n es excelente . Adem&aacute;s el disco trae excelentes canciones .
 For those who love the classics , it is not necessary to know much more before you purchase an item like So , by Peter Gabriel . Thise , plus the excellent service I have always found in Amazon guarantees that this will be a truly satisfactory aquisition .
 One of the top five records ever made . Hauntingly beautiful lyrics with depth topped off by Gabriel 's unique vocal talent . A break through album that sounds terrific 10 years after its release . Listen to this in a dark room at full blast - it will move you , you will go places , and emerge a more enlightened being .
 As a drummer and singer , it does n't get any better than this . The great drums on That Voice Again . The harmonies on Do n't Give Up and Mercy Street . This CD is up there with Sgt. Pepper , Abbey Road , and Dark Side Of The Moon . After thinking every song is the best song on the CD , I have decided that the very best is Mercy Street . If you do n't like this CD , you have no clue of pop music .
 After watching Say Anything with John Kuzack I found myself searching for a soundtrack to get the song '' In your eyes '' . After having no luck I bought this album . I have to say I was not dissapointed . The whole album is gorgeouse and the emotions just pour out . Peters voice is breath taking . I 'm so glad the film provided me with access to this artist .
 `` So '' is Gabriel 's most direct album to date -LRB- even more direct than `` Us '' , or his second album -RRB- , which not neccesarily means that is an album with commercial success obsessions . Though this record has hits like `` Sledghehammer '' , the experimental `` In your Eyes '' or `` Big Time '' , he is too miles away of his Genesis-ex-partners 's pop-style . Pay special attention to the most beautiful , experimental and dark at the same time song of `` So ''
 Through the late 70 's and 80 's , Peter Gabriel 's music continually got better , and 1986 's `` So '' is a true landmark . Full of immense firepower , it ranks as one of the best albums of that decade . You do n't just listen to it , you let yourself be swallowed up in `` Red Rain '' , or marvel at the soulfulness in `` In Your Eyes , '' quite possibly the best love song ever written -LRB- at least the deepest -RRB- . There 's not a dry spot anywhere .
 `` So '' is packed full of sheer firepower that shines in several different ways ; `` Sledgehammer '' , the intense `` Red Rain '' , the gorgeous `` In Your Eyes '' . From start to finish is a truly remarkable achievement that stands as one of the best albums of the 80 's and one of his finest moments . `` So '' and `` Us '' tie as his best work , and are must-haves for any collection .
 I look at this CD as the final in what I call the Peter Gabriel 's `` Fairlight Trilogy '' and no doubt Gabriel 's finest album and one of the best albums of the 80 's . Impeccably well written , well crafted songs . There 's not a wasted moment here .
 Le meilleur album du Sire , parce que d&eacute;pouill&eacute; et clair , le `` So '' de l'Ange Gabriel frle nos abmes et touche du doigt nos plaies faites d'incommunicabilit &eacute; et de d&eacute;sirs mal &eacute;treints . C'est avec plaisir qu ' `` I hear that voice again `` and it 's a redit 's a redit 's a redit 's a red rain 's gon na fall
 mercy street also was featured in miami vice . one of the best combinations of audio and video i 've ever had the pleasure to hear . what i like about peter gabriel is how personal and intimate his songs are -- not gushy , but joyful , sometimes angry , sometime sorrowful , but without pretense . and then he throws in some real rock 'n' roll just to celebrate the joy of living . this is not pop music , it 's communication .
 I 'm only going to comment on the sound quality of the album . To sum it up , the remastered version is better than the original CD release . The overall recording is a tad bright for me with only mild improvements in the sound quality . Yes , everything is cleaner , including vocals , but you probably wo n't notice many more subtleties versus the original release . Bass levels have been boosted slightly so that if you have a set of good full range speakers you will not need a subwoofer . If you have a nice system -LRB- mine cost a few thousand -RRB- I think you will enjoy this re-issue . If you have a `` home theater in a box '' or convert the album to MP3 -LRB- or iTunes -RRB- I doubt that you will notice much difference .
 peter gabriel 's so is his most successful album . the hit songs are sledgehammer at # 1 , big time at # 7 , and in your eyes in the top20 . other good songs are red rain , do n't give up , this is the picture , mercy street , that voice again , and we do what we 're told . i have enjoyed listening to this album again , thanks peter . ed wilson
 Peter Gabriel never ceases in his abilityto forge new territory in music . Heexplores one avenue after another.If u are new to his stuff , there ` sseveral important work u shoulddiscover : Peter Gabriel -- IV -LRB- import -RRB- ---------------- Passion ---------------- II ---------------- Selling England by Pound -LRB- Genesis -RRB- Hear as he explores the intricacyof harmony in these works . U wo n'tbelieve your ears
 The last time I listened to So in it 's entirety was on tape in my old '84 Buick around 1990 during my long college years . Since my tape 's demise in 1990 I have never re-purchased the cd or tape until now -LRB- 13 years later -RRB- . Now I drive a car with a great sound system and drove around all day listening to So today . The crispness of the low and high frequencies , the clarity of the sound , the tightness of the texture all make this remastering job exceptional . As I stroll down memory lane listening to Peter 's cerebral lyrics , I ca n't help but be distracted by the quality of the sound . Even playing the album louder than I would normally , rendered me with goosebumps on my arms because it just sounded `` So '' good.The music is sampled in 128 bit/96 khz which sounds very good in my 12 speaker Harmon Kardon car setup , 5.1 home computer system and 5.1 home audio stereo system -LRB- Althought the album is not SACD the 128/96 sound is phenomenal -RRB- . I may have to by the SACD version as well as an SACD player -LRB- some day -RRB- . As for the album , it is a must if you like Peter 's music presented in clean crisp sound .
 1986 's So was Peter Gabriel 's commercial breakthrough . After almost twenty years of releasing albums , Mr. Gabriel had never cracked the US top ten on either the singles or album charts as a solo artist or with Genesis . That all changed with So , as the album peaked at number two and spawned two top ten singles . The first single , `` Sledgehammer '' went all the way to number one thanks to a catchy , danceable beat and a classic and inventive video . The song is a departure from his usual world beat sounds and even if it is a definite attempt to be more commercial , the song is among his best . `` Big Time '' was the other top single , peaking at number eight , and it follows the same formula as `` Sledgehammer '' , with a big hook and a danceable melody . Even though those two songs are the big hits , the most memorable song from the album may well be `` In Your Eyes '' which has a classic world beat sound from Mr. Gabriel . The song gained new life three years after the album was released , thanks to prominent use in Cameron Crowe 's superb film , Say Anything . `` Do n't Give Up '' is a gorgeous song with a haunting vocal performance by Kate Bush . So was a major critical and commercial success and elevated a much deserving Mr. Gabriel to a big time rock star level .
 The album was more than satisfactory in the ranges of elements taking the listener . Originally purchased for the hits , Red Rain and BigTime , I find that these songs pale in comparison to some others the album features . Peter Gabriel has never mainstreamed in the entertainment industry and the unique creativity applied to the journey he takes us on in So -- almost religious at points -- is a fine example why . If you are not able to handle or do n't wish to listen to dramatic , mood swings from song to song -- do n't buy the CD . If you want to hear sounds from the battleground to utopia then buy this CD .
 Even after almost 15 years , this CD is stil my favorite . There were 2-3 songs from this CD alone that a former girlfriend and I considered `` ours '' . Even though those times were long ago , all it takes is a few lines of `` In Your Eyes '' or `` Do n't Give Up '' , and I am taken immediately back 10 years . It is a wonderful CD and it will `` always '' affect me when I hear it ...
 Although in my opinion So is n't the best of Gabriel 's albums , it is one of his best . It is also one of the best pop/rock albums of its time . So is as close as Gabriel has come to an album of pop tunes -- and that 's still only about half of the contents of the album.Gabriel feels comfortable with conventional instruments and arrangements on So . A bit peculiar for a man who eschewed metal in drum kits on one album , played steel guitar on another , and used African folk songs and percussion in his music well before Paul Simon did . But in So he 's not just content but enthusiastic in his embrace of the Big Pop Sound -LRB- with a Big Nod to Motown -RRB- , this time with Daniel Lanois at the producer 's helm.There 's no particular reason for me to enumerate the songs on this album -- you 've heard most or all of them . Collectors should know there are at least a dozen EPs and single CDs of material from So , many of them containing interesting remixes or alternate versions , as well as some material not on So itself . You should also check out the Laurie Anderson version of `` Excellent Birds '' -LRB- on Mister Heartbreak -RRB- -- personally , I think hers is better .
 Peter G. is my favorite singer , but a couple of his songs -LRB- like this is the picture -RRB- are kind of weird . Somes songs are really rock and rolly , others are quiet and slow . If you like Peter Gabriels other recordings , get this one !
 `` So '' is an excellent album of Peter Gabriel 's . There is not one thing I dislike about the album . From the sharp piano in `` Red Rain '' , to the tender voices in `` In Your Eyes '' , to the whispering voice in `` This Is The Picture '' .
 Overall , this album is probably the best overall . In your eyes stands out as the quintessential love song . Mercy street is brooding and ethereal . Kate Bush is great .
 `` So '' is simply a wonderful record -- Peter Gabriel 's blockbuster . `` In Your Eyes '' is one of the most beautiful love songs ever . `` Sledgehammer '' is a funky pop hit . `` Red Rain '' evokes powerful images -- I imagine bloody trenches , how about you ? `` Do n't Give Up '' is a wonderful anti-depressant , audio Prozac . `` Mercy Street '' is a tribute to charity.One of my favorite albums.Enjoy !
 I do not know enough about music to be able to write very much of style or intelligence about this album , but I know what I like . This was one of the best albums to come out of the eighties , as far as I am concerned . Fifteen years later , I still listen to it every chance I get ... A couple of the songs , specifically Sledgehammer and Big Time , are very high energy , but in general the mood of this album is peaceful , moody , and haunting . Reading through the reviews on this page , I see that Peter Gabriel was/is very active in human rights , among other worthwhile causes ... If you want to find some way to support the guy , and get some fantastic music besides , you could do a lot worse than buying this album . Two thumbs up .
 If I had to take ten albums to a desert island , this would certainly be one . Peter Gabriel lightens up somewhat here over his previous work , but relax - it is n't exactly a party album . A good way for me to judge how good an album is is by finding the worst or weakest track , which is close to impossible here . `` We Do What We 're Told '' I suppose gets the nod , and only then because I feel the ending lyrics do n't quite match the opening . Of course , I 'm doing my best to find flaws in a masterpiece , and that 's the best I can come up with . `` Red Rain '' and `` That Voice Again '' , two songs about guilt -LRB- I think - people can read PG 's lyrics several ways -RRB- are superbly done . `` Do n't Give Up '' has been known to get me through difficult times , and the frat-party staples -LRB- which PG is possibly embarassed by -RRB- `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time '' are both big fun . Peter Gabriel 's albums are always excellently produced , but Daniel Lanois & PG completely outdo themselves on this album - every note , every beat , every sound is exactly where it should be . Bonus kudos to Peter Gabriel for thanking people who worked on songs that did n't make the final cut . The only people who probably would n't enjoy this album are those who still persist in believing that rock is the devil 's music . All others are strongly urged to buy this .
 So , as an album , is moving , vibrant and powerful , much like Peter himself . This album combines the more recent rock influence of Peter 's music with his traditional melancholy . Keep in mind that Peter Gabriel was Genesis before it was gutted out by Phil Collins -LRB- a good but unrepentent commercial musician -RRB- . If you must listen to one of Peter 's albums , then try So . Should you like his intensity and his very special way of grabbing your soul , then try Solsbury Hill and then perhaps the early Genesis - pure Peter Gabriel . A great artist . A great man.-Philippe
 From dated sounding percussions and background singing in Peter Gabriel 4 , Gabriel explodes in So with unbelievable rich textures of percussion and foreground clear vocals . No other artist can match Gabriel 's
 This is a remarkably uneven album , but nevertheless Gabriel 's best . It alternates between dark , somber , intense atmospheres like `` Red Rain '' `` Do n't Give Up '' and `` Mercy Street , '' and less successful shlock-techno-rock like `` Big Time '' and `` Sledgehammer . '' Here and there are short odd numbers like `` We Do What We 're Told '' and `` This Is The Picture , '' which wear out pretty quick . But `` In Your Eyes '' and `` That Voice Again '' are first rate .
 To say this album is excellent does not do it justice . ALL the songs are excellent , whether they were `` hits '' or not . This is arguably Peter Gabriel 's best album , and undeniably one of the greatest albums of all time , right up there with Sgt. Pepper , Abbey Road , Dark Side of the Moon , Band On the Run , Exile on Main Street , Rumours , et al. . This record -LRB- yes , I mean vinyl -RRB- was permanently on my turntable during my senior year in college in 1986 , shortly after its release . I never got tired of listening to it . I later bought the CD but still have the vinyl record . Thirteen years later , the music on the CD still sounds as incredible as it did on the record back in 1986 . A Classic in every sense of the word .
 Peter Gabriel isnt your every day average singer/songwriter . No , Peter isnt your average anything at all . Some , including myself , would go so far to say that Peter Gabriel has set and will continue to set a unpresidented example of what a great musician is and should be . The album SO is the reason many of todays biggest music stars idle Peter Gabriel . The CD SO is a masterpiece . Even the songs that some have grown sick of -LRB- ie - Sledgehammer and Big Time -RRB- are masterpieces in there own right . Left behind you have what some may call the greatest song ever written , In Your Eyes . Other songs such as Dont Give Up , and Mercy Street are the very pinical that puts this album in the top 5 ever ... . Not many albums get five stars from this critic , but Peter 's uncanny ability to write beautiful lyrics unparalell to any musician these days , and his ability to create song after song that flow with a ease that is uncomprehendable make SO a worthy album of such a great honor . Thank you Peter for creating songs in which I can fall into a deep trance and get lost within the words you sing , thank you Peter for you ellaquence and purity , your imagination and originality , and most of all thank you Peter for being more then a musician , but also a artist . To all those who do not own the album SO or any Gabriel album , i highly recomend that you get them , so that you too can be capured by his genius .
 This set of songs truly celebrates the romantic spirit of the arts . Gabriel 's music is emotional , and his lyrics are from the heart . The music shows world-wide influence , and its complexity is unusual for being recorded in the 80 's . In fact , `` Big Time '' and `` Sledgehammer '' provide a whitty comentary of the times without sacrificing the quality of the music . Kate Bush 's voice is haunting in `` Do n't Give Up , '' and you ca n't get enough the unbounded emotion from Youssou N'Dour in `` In Your Eyes . '' Perhaps the best song on the album is often over - looked `` Red Rain . '' Rarely does one have the opportunity to purchase a recording where at least seven of the nine songs could stand on their own as the premier song of an album . The recording is of the highest quality and is one which every serious music fan should add to their library .
 This CD was a great commercial success for Peter Gabriel , and may actually be his best CD to date . `` Sledgehammer '' became a popular video on MTV . `` Big Time '' received a great deal of airplay . `` Red Rain '' was played as background theme music on `` Miami Vice '' . `` In Your Eyes '' went on to become one of the most popular and likable love songs of the decade . The remainder of the tracks are good , but quieter than the most popular songs . An introspective CD in all . Highly recommended .
 This is the first title that I picked up in Peter Gabriel 's newly remastered back catalog . I sold off my original CDs last year when I first got word of the remastering project , and now as of May 7th , 2002 they are finally here . The numbered limited edition packaging has an 11-page booklet , as the 12th page is glued to the inside of the digipak . There are some photo collages from video shoots , concerts , and studio sessions in addition to the reformatted lyrics and credits . However , I was a little surprised that there are no historical notes included . It 's a decent but not lavish presentation.As for the music , the tracklist is the same with the exception of `` In Your Eyes '' being moved to the end . There are no bonus tracks . The sound is top-notch as I expected , though it was not too bad to begin with in the case of this album . This is a must-have disc , but if you already own the original CD issues in the PG catalog , consider one of his earlier albums first . The sound quality improvements are reportedly more dramatic with those . When I have the money I 'll pick them all up and find out for myself . : - -RRB-
 this is the kind of album that shines a bright light on the 80 's . not throw-away stuff like flock of seagulls , or richard marx . peter gabriel goes mainstream , but still sticks to his prog roots on such songs as `` red rain '' and `` mercy street '' . SO , would be at the top of my list for the best 80 's albums . one of my all-time fave songs `` in your eyes '' would alone make this album worth the purchase . that is just one of many great songs , on a great album in SO .
 Peter Gabriel hit his creative and commercial peak with `` So , '' the rare smash album that is as good as it was popular . `` Sledgehammer '' was a huge dance hit -LRB- and great video -RRB- and was followed up the charts by the superb ballad `` In Your Eyes , '' as well as by `` Red Rain , '' `` Mercy Street '' and `` Big Time . '' All the other songs are strong as well . The only unfortunate thing about `` So '' is the realization that Peter Gabriel has released only one other pop oriented album -LRB- `` Us '' -RRB- in the fourteen years since .
 Considering this was the first album of his that i bought when i was stupid teenager , and also consider it was a used cassette tape from a thrift store ... and consider again that i had been listening to that same cassette tape for the last ten or eleven years , praying to God each time that the various players wouldnt chew it up and refuse to spit it out ! ... . you will hear absolutely no complaints out of me as to the sound quality of this album!But its good to know that the stereo system we have will do it justice ; -RRB- In spite of that , this album is near and dear to me anyway . even if i only had the choice to buy yet another handmedown cassette ... . the track `` Dont Give Up '' holds a personal meaning that i wasnt really expecting i needed at the time when i bought this album . and of course the rest of my life fell into place as a result of `` Big Time '' ... well worth the money then AND now for the trips down memory lane :-RRB- ... and yes i still have my cassette , and while it still works and sounds great ... i 'm tired of stressing over it getting eaten !
 Far and away Gabriel 's biggest commercial success , this is a terrific album by almost any standard -LRB- except in comparison to some earlier , even more brilliant Gabriel albums -RRB- . The production work is lush and detailed , a hallmark of Gabriel 's incredible attention to detail and interest in layering sound upon sound . And he put to use relatively new digital technology to create a sound of unusual crispness and clarity for its time.RED RAIN A very moody , even creepy piece , featuring oustanding vocal work . Evokes his prior albums , which relied heavily on creating moods of dread or drama . The finale , where the song gets quieter and quieter uses that fading to create a feeling of great sadness.SLEDGEHAMMER A huge commercial success , and one of Gabriel 's friskiest songs to date . It still holds up well -LRB- and of course , the video was a CLASSIC -RRB- . Shows Gabriel 's terrific sense of humor and his `` dirty '' side , but it 's only dirty if you want to dig for it . Most it 's upbeat and fun to sing along with . A happy song !! DO N'T GIVE UP A duet with Kate Bush , whose vocals are fantastic . It 's a shame she never got the attention she deserved . Gabriel plays an out-of-work man in England , falling into dispair , and Bush represents family and loved ones offering words of encouragement . It 's a sweet song , tinged greatly with sadness . It makes a social commentary without resorting to anything but very personal commentary reflecting on the damage done by unemployment . Bush enjoins Gabriel to not give up and reminds him `` somewhere there 's a place ... a place where you belong . '' The song is full of love and yet sadness as well , as though we know that Gabriel 's character is probably beyond feeling good about himself again . It 's powerful , quiet song.THAT VOICE AGAIN Gabriel often sang songs in the first person about people with , shall we say , mental problems or at least , obsessive/compulsive disorder . Add this somewhat mediocre song to the list.IN YOUR EYES One of the most romantic pop songs EVER written . It was a great song even before John Cusack made in legend in SAY ANYTHING . It speaks directly to the heart of how a great love in your life can transport you . Gabriel 's vocals are yearning , the lyrics are mushy in the best possible way , and the backing chorus of an almost tribal quality give the song a buoyancy that 's just a hoot . The opposite of RED RAIN , which gets slower and quieter as it builds in power , this song gets faster and more festive as it builds its power.MERCY STREET A rumination of the sad life of poet Anne Sexton . Although we do n't get most of the references in the song -LRB- I assume you need to know more about her life and her work -RRB- the song nonetheless builds sumptuous `` word pictures '' that evoke a mood . If you can , listen to this one with headphones ... it really gets into your head.BIG TIME Another hit song . Another upbeat tune . This one is a bit of a social satire ... I can almost imagine The Kings coming up with something similar if they had written A WELL-RESPECTED MAN about 20 years later . The lyrics are funny and self-effacing . WE DO WHAT WE 'RE TOLD Sorry to say it , but this song is mostly filler , and is the reason I ca n't give the album 5 stars . Pointless and dull.THIS IS THE PICTURE A fun trifle , done with Laurie Anderson . They both have quirky voices and quirky sensibilities , and they have crafted this ditty strictly to amuse . -LRB- The song did n't even appear on the original album ... it was a B-side -RRB- . Not a classic , by any means , but I dare you not to smile while listening.I prefer a couple of other Gabriel albums over this one , but this is his most accessible and is quite excellent . It 's a great introduction to the man 's work and should be part of any well-rounded collection .
 So , Peter Gabriel 's fifth solo album was his big hit -- his commercial breakthrough . Added along by the very hummable `` Sledgehammer , '' -LRB- and its still amazing video -RRB- the album reached # 2 on the album chart in the summer of 1986 . A small number of longtime fans were distressed by these developments , but the results that are this album do not warrant such gripes.In addition to that big hit single , So contains many gems . `` Do n't Give Up '' is a lovely duet with Gabriel protege Kate Bush , `` Mercy Street , '' his ode to the late poet Anne Sexton remains one of the most haunting songs ever , just as `` In Your Eyes '' remains one of the most gorgeous love songs of all time.Daniel Lanios production is strangely captivating as it manages to be smooth while still retaining that almost insinuating murky fell for which he has become known . With nary a false move throughout the album , it remains essential listening 16 years later.So may not be as shocking , daring , and riveting as his third album -LRB- melting face cover -RRB- , but it proves conclusively that accessibility does not have to be a bad thing .
 The album was more than satisfactory in the ranges of elements taking the listener . Originally purchased for the hits , Red Rain and BigTime , I find that these songs pale in comparison to some others the album features . Peter Gaberial has never mainstreamed in the entertainment reason and the unique creativity applied to the journey he takes us on in So -- almost religious at points -- is a fine example why . If you are not able to handle or do n't wish to listen to dramatic swings from song to song -- do n't buy the CD . If you want to hear sounds from the battleground to utopia then buy this CD .
 Being a child of the 80 's , I am biased . However , I think most people would agree that this record is one that will stand the test of time with real music lovers . Gabriel put his eternal stamp on music culture with `` So '' . It is a collection of music that I can listen to again and again . He re-invents musical tapestry that intrigues the mind , sooths the soul , and ultimately leaves you a different person . The 1980 's decade was filled with formula music and bands . Peter Gabriel took it all and dumped it into the trash can . In doing so he created an icon for me personally , one that helped define this time of personal , social and cultural change .
 `` So '' which I got for Christmas in 1990 because I liked the sound of `` Sledgehammer '' and `` In Your Eyes '' that I heard off the radio , is one of my treasured albums . The way it begins , the smooth and soothing `` Red Rain '' is great enough , along with the equally fine-tuned `` Do n't Give Up '' -LRB- also on the out-of-print compilation `` Earthrise-The Rainforest Album -RRB- and `` Mercy Street '' . There are cool funky rock ballads as well , `` That Voice Again '' and `` Big Time '' . The last two tracks are only fair and so-so however . In Short , I really feel this is definetly a true essential album , Buy it today , it 's a classic hit-filled masterpiece !
 They called it `` breakthrough '' -LRB- to them , that means `` more normal '' -RRB- , but as far as I could hear , it did n't make but one concession to the mainstream pop rules that they 're the guardians of -- the song `` Sledgehammer '' . Okay , that was worth listening to as decent Atlantic R & B , but the rest of the album still sounded like the adventurer who founded Genesis . Hey , one of progressive 's rules is that good players get to PLAY . For example , Tony Levin 's bass playing shines in `` Do n't Give Up '' almost as much as guest vocalist Kate Bush 's voice does . In the same way that she 's half of a duet rather than a backup singer , Levin ' third harmony bass figure is half the accompaniment rather than a mere part of the rhythm section . And at the coda , the time signature shifts from three to four , and under Peter & Kate 's repeat of the song 's signature phrase , Levin really jams ! He does it again in `` Mercy Street '' by putting out a low-register growl that 's an octave below where `` real '' rock bass players are `` supposed to '' play . Do n't tell me this album 's conventional !
 Almost every single song on this CD is lush . `` Do n't Give Up '' with the help of goddess Kate Bush is heavenly . I definetly recommend this to anyone !
 - he used to joke . Gorgeous music ! The only thing better than this would have been to see the album performed live .
 THe most accessible of all Gabriel 's work , with tunes that move your feet body and soul . And you know you really liked the dancing chickens in the video .
 Gabriel has enjoyed since the beginning of his solo career the company of some of the world 's most brilliant musicians
 When Peter Gabriel went a little more mainstream , the results were huge . So was his biggest hit ever , and indicates a mix of Gabriel 's art rock/world music crossed with 80 's pop . Standout songs include Big Time , Do n't Give Up , That Voice Again , Red Rain , and of course , Sledgehammer .
 With So , Gabriel contiues to grow as an artist . Featuring Red Rain , That Voice Again , Sledgehammer , BIg Time , and In Your Eyes , So maintains the standard of high quality from the previous two releases with a certain pop appeal . To me , Gabriel 's best momment was with San Jacinto , and with the entire third album , but this was a great achievement . Check out Passion for a true return to form .
 A notch down and dated 80 's prog R&B ; , but this has these four classics that will never go out of style and among his best ... Do n't Give Up - inspirational w/Kate BushMercy Street - beautiful musicBig Time - Real good R&B ; for a prog BritWe Do What We 're Told -LRB- Milgram 's 37 -RRB- - haunting true story
 If you are a PG fan like me , you will be able to notice subtle differences for better , which is amazing that something that was PERFECT , got even better . Listen to Sledgehammer and Do n't give up . Really awesome .
 There 's no doubt that Peter Gabriel 's So it 's one of the most innovative and break through albums of the 80 's . Definitely a must when defining 80 's rock music . 8 tracks that can live by their own but at the same time shape a strong full album . There are no opened dots here impossible not to listen to all the tracks over and over once you startJM -LSB- ... -RSB-
 So , Peter Gabriel 's 1986 album , his fifth official studio record , is probably my favourite Peter Gabriel album . There 's a great blend of textures , feelings and moods , and I feel it 's the most consistent Gabriel solo album I 've heard.There are a lot of talented guest musicians on this album . There 's Stuart Copeland 's distinctive hi-hats in `` Red Rain '' , Tony Levin 's often quirky bass on tracks like `` Sledgehammer '' , a gentle Kate Bush in the reassuring `` Do n't Give Up '' , a spirited Laurie Anderson on `` This is the Picture '' -LRB- I must get into her stuff one day -RRB- . There 's even a backing vocal by world musician Youssou N'dour on the vividly emotional `` In Your Eyes '' . The textures of the tracks , though produced in a similar way , evoke different things . `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time '' , with their slick poppy production , for me evoke the skyscrapers of the big city , while tracks like the soothing `` Mercy Street '' conjure up an earthier quality , mainly thanks to Peter Gabriel 's vocals . His singing is top notch here , big and bold and yet vulnerable when it needs to be.The lyrical subject matter focuses a great deal on relationships , particularly in times of trouble , in a variety of ways . There are other subjects covered too . There is the story of the man who wants everything bigger and better in `` Big Time '' and the tribute to troubled poet Anne Sexton in `` Mercy Street '' , plus the image rich `` Red Rain '' and `` This is the Picture '' . As with all the 2002 remasters , the booklet comes with a booklet filled with photos , this time of the So Tour , behind-the scenes of the Sledgehammer video and of the recording of the album . There 's also , as always , full lyrics and a list of who plays what -LRB- though I think some people are listed as doing things on the wrong tracks , like it says that Laurie Anderson does a guest vocal on track 9 , which is `` In Your Eyes '' , rather than on `` This is the Picture '' -RRB- . It 's probably Peter Gabriel 's most accessible album , so I 'd recommend it to anyone who is curious about his solo career , though all of his material is worth checking out to a greater and lesser extent .
 Luis Mejia -LRB- son -RRB- - Peter Gabriel have shown us that he can stay on the map even after quiting a band such famous as Genesis , and this album shout that on every song . This album has everything ; Rock pieces like Red Rain , a song full of emotions about a dream of swimming on red water , pop songs like Sledgehammer , an incredibly famous song with a stunning music video whic won 6 prices on the MTV music awards of that time , Do n't Give Up , that is also on the vocals with Kate Bush , In Your Eyes , his most famous love song , Mercy Street , Big Time , a catchy , fun and cheerful song alike with Sledgehammer ; the album also contains new experimentations seen before in Security -LRB- The Family And The Fishing Net , San Jacinto -RRB- like We Do What We 're Told -LRB- Milgram 37 -RRB- about the famous experiment of Stanley Milgram , That Voice Again and This Is The Picture -LRB- Excellent Birds -RRB- . It has everything and the album will be frozen in time as Peter Gabriel 's best album .
 This is one of Peter Gabriel 's Best CD 's . It has the songs from 1986 that everyone in the US would remember being played all over the airwaves . This is one of my all time favorite albums .
 No doubt , if there is one Peter Gabriel album which won multi-million hearts , this is it . When I say this I am not only refering to its multi-platinum status but its accessible body of work . It is quite understandably his most popular among non-fans . While fans are almost equally distributed to call `` So '' , `` PG3 : Melt '' , `` PG4 : Security '' , `` Up '' , `` Us '' , `` Passion '' as his best . I really ca n't clearly decide which is my favorite among these but I think ... I like PG4 a little more than others.On to `` So '' , as I and other reviewers indicated this is less brooding in nature and contains two of PGs roller coaster tracks namely `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big time '' which has some BIG sound . They are also two of the hits from the album but I like the seven other tracks more . One of his most wonderful tunes `` Red Rain '' opens the album , PGs vocal reflects the perfect emotions required to sing this song . After the perfect opening , comes the Earthshaking `` Sledgehammer '' and followed by another gem `` Do n't Give Up '' , a song of hope against all odds , which also got a vocal contribution from Kate Bush . The lilting `` That Voice Again '' and `` Mercy Street '' continues the flow of great songs . `` Big Time '' , a good song , breaks it . `` We Do What We 're Told -LRB- Milgram 's 37 -RRB- '' is average but the album closes with two very good songs , among those `` In Your Eyes '' is fan favorite . This is a must have in every regard.If you are a Gabriel/Genesis fan you probably have it , if you do n't , what are you waiting for ? Get this now . If you a not a fan but want to try some Gabriel , I would say start right here and after satisfaction , get `` Us '' , `` PG3 '' , `` Up '' , `` PG4 '' , `` Passion '' in sequence . I am quite sure Gabriel is about to get a new admirer . Can you see that `` Add to shopping cart '' button in the page ?
 So is the closest to a pop album Peter Gabriel ever came but for all its commercialness Peter Gabriel was always an artist who focused more on quality then quantity and it shows on So . The album still manages to be challenging even with the hits and indeed with the hits . Once again Gabriel shows off his amazing dramatic range and big voice to great effect . The only weak track here is This Is The Picture which is kind of silly .
 i was in my late teens when this album came out in 1986 . i basically played it to death eventually needing to purchase a new cassette as my other one gave up the ghost through repeated plays . it is lucky i didnt have it on vinyl as i would have needed a new stylus as well ! gabby 's vocal on the opening cut , red rain is fantastic as is the music that accompanies the album opener . miss bush , who is a legend in her own right is great on dont give up giving the song an extra talented vocal bonus . for some reason the remastered version of this disc has shifted in your eyes from 5th to last track on the album moving the eerie mercy street for anne sexton up the pecking order but it makes no difference to the quality of music on this 80 's stalwart . overall a masterpiece but it would have been great to have any extra cuts that didnt make it on to the final release added to the remastered edition . they must be saving them for an expensive boxset which i will end up buying anyway so it makes no difference to me anyway .
 Red Rain made the charts ; Do n't Give Up and In Your Eyes are the heart and soul of this record . In these songs , you FEEL the music , it runs straight to your heart . NOT GOOD if you are missing that someone special , as it will do nothing to help . One of my all time favorites .
 Que este disco no est&eacute; puntuado con 5 estrellas en esta web lo &uacute;nico que demuestra es que el sistema de puntuaci&oacute;n no est&aacute; muy depurado que digamos.Es uno de los mejores discos que he o&iacute;do . Imprescindible .
 There is n't a better album that the 80s offered than Peter Gabriel 's SO . Easily Gabriels most accessible album , SO , while it may have been commercially successful , still was and still is deep and innovative and artistically creative . The remastering makes the music sound sharper and better than the older version even though it was very well produced to begin with . In Your Eyes is sheer beauty , while Red Rain is a rainstorm of synthesizers , and Do n't Give Up is stunningly beautiful . No pun intended towards Sledgehammer and Bif Time , but while they are great , I often skip them as I happen to love `` That Voice Again '' -LRB- Love the chord structure -RRB- , the eerie `` We Do What We 're Told '' , and the sexually appealing `` Mercy Street '' , WHOA ! `` SO '' is a must have .
 After so many years and only two albums since then , Peter Gabriel 's artistic and commercial pinnacle `` So '' remains my favorite album of his on so many levels.Many seem to have labeled this album as a sellout album but those people could n't be more wrong on that . This album is miles away from being a sellout and almost more like someone who has found his place at home . This album to me is the best example of how an artist can actually go pop , if you can call it that , but actually benefit both artistically and commercially . This album has a much earthier and much easier style to digest than his previous two albums especially his third album from 1980 . It is also his most accessible album of his entire career although not necessarily his happiest album even though his most joyful and happiest songs are on here . The only really bright and sunny songs on here are `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time '' but we 've heard them many times so there 's no need to go into them.Most of these songs have now made it onto the `` Shaking The Tree '' and `` Hit '' collections but with the exceptions of `` Red Rain '' and `` Big Time '' , they are butchered which does n't work too well for them and thus the originals are much better . `` Red Rain '' is the best track on this album . For such a straight-out popular track `` Red Rain '' completely throws all of it 's peers right into the trash can . The song is a powerful , passionate wash of synthesizers , deep melody , intense mood and a very dramatic backdrop bringing to mind images of a massive rainstorm and the sun breaking out when the song ends . To me , this song is commercial pop at it 's absolute best . No one has made popular music sound so good . `` Do n't Give Up '' is one of the most encouraging songs that I 've ever listened to . Having been going through some very emotionally turbulent times recently , this song has great meaning to me . `` That Voice Again '' is one of the most unique sounding songs ever done , especially by 1986 standards . I really love the lyrics too plus the really unique chord changes too . I still get some chills when listening to this track . `` In Your Eyes '' is one of the best love songs Gabriel has ever composed and remains so to this day . I have a lot of fond memories of hearing this track a lot back during my childhood and today it 's still one of my favorite songs of his . It 's an absolutely amazing song with amazing keyboards and showcases the increasing African influence which has been a part of Gabriel 's music for a long time even by this point and towards the ending features Senegalese singer Youssou N'Dour . In certain ways , it 's nice that this track , being at the ending ends the album on a positive note but it just feels weird being at the end . I liked it much better in the middle but that 's just my opinion . `` Mercy Street '' is arguably one of the sexiest songs that has ever been written . Forget `` Sledgehammer '' MS is the best sex-song ever written even if it 's not explicit at all . The song is a very hauntingly beautiful quiet storm-like track with a very dark but calm atmosphere and really amazing lyrics . The song is a tribute to the late Anne Sexton and the song is a masterpiece . I 'll never forget listening to this song once during a walk many years ago.There are two mysterious tracks that truly are just exquisite . `` We Do What We 're Told '' spooked the daylights out of me when first listening to it . The song is a ghostly track with a dark and damp kind of `` Birdy '' like atmosphere like as if one were walking on the streets on a damp foggy night by the blue-white streetlights and then seeing spirits drifting overhead . This song evokes such images especially with the distant chorus singing `` We Do What We 're Told '' and the song growing more dramatic and intense . Peter Gabriel 's lines when they come in are just haunting and amazing . `` This Is The Picture '' also as `` Excellent Birds '' is a very odd and peculiar track with a slightly industrial sound and an eerie feel . In some ways , this song has a lot of the sounds that would 've come from the `` Birdy '' soundtrack and in fact could 've fit on that soundtrack too.The remastered edition of this album cuts both ways in my opinion . The sound quality of the original older CD edition was already great to begin with especially for an album recorded in the mid 1980s but this remastered edition makes it sound even better and much better detailed too . For the SACD edition though , you need a CD player that can play SACDs because if you do n't then it wo n't work . If you do n't have one though , the regular remastered edition will do just fine . The downside unfortunately to this re-issued edition is that I for one was n't too thrilled with `` In Your Eyes '' being moved to the last track position . I feel that I 'm in the minority on this but I enjoyed this album ending on a mysterious note with `` We Do What We 're Told '' and `` This Is The Picture '' both of which are eerie and haunting reminiscent of the darkness of `` Birdy '' . WDWWT I feel really suffers from the track re-shuffling . This song in its new position robs this chilling classic of much of it 's power . I enjoyed it in it 's original position . While I take back my old comment about not wasting one 's time on this remastered edition , I would NOT recommend throwing the old edition out for the two mysterious tracks I mentioned really are the best as the closer songs on this album . At the same time though , I can now appreciate the new track listing even though the original listing remains superior in my opinion.Aside from the blunder done with the re-issuing , `` So '' is one of the greatest albums that has ever been put out and deserves a place in any true music fans collection . No one has ever toyed with pop music in such a sophisticated style the way Gabriel did on here .
 He never fails to make me wish he was on the stage on his moving platform on the giant phone , or upside down on his spaceship . God Bless 'em
 From Progressive Rock with Genesis to dark melancholy artistic rock as a solo artist . What happened when `` So '' was released in 1986 ? This album is far from dark , infact it 's both warm and soulish , but still has all the integrity and well polished sound that is SO significant for Peter Gabriel 's music . It 's quite strange to imagine that the guy who made songs like `` Intruder '' is the same guy who made the big MTV hits `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time '' in 1986 and almost won a grammy for best album . Although `` So '' is Gabriel 's big commercial break it is n't as overwhelmingly commercial as the hitsingles indicates . The marketing for this album was excellent with the funny semi-animated videos produced but for those who have been listening to Peter 's previous albums understood that this was a natural step for an fantastic ever changing artists career . If you listen closely to `` So '' , produced by Daniel Lanois -LRB- U2 , Stevie Nicks , Bob Dylan -RRB- you 'll still hear that many songs are n't the typical pop-songs here neither . Infact , a few songs still reminds of the dark territory of `` Security '' . So , Let 's check out the songs.It starts with `` Red Rain '' a rock song , simular to alot of Phil Collins 80 's songs , in the beginning they used cymbals to simulate rain . Gabriel got the idea after a dream when he swimming in a Red River . It stands as one of this album 's finest moments . The next song would be the major break , `` Sledgehammer '' -LRB- reaching # 4 in the Uk and # 1 in the Us -RRB- a retro-soul inspired song that used horns , kind of like Phil Collins did . In the end there is also a gospel choir backing and a flute solo from Gabriel . `` Do n't Give Up '' a ballad with Kate Bush who had already appeared on `` Games Without Frontiers '' in 1980 . The song is about his nervous breakdown and the support he got from his family . It 's one of those somber songs completely diffrent to `` Sledgehammer '' . `` That Voice Again '' is about judgement of people . It 's also a uptempo song and feautures David Rhodes on guitar . Could have been a hit . `` In Your Eyes '' is the finest love song to come from Peter Gabriel , a cross-cultural song that feautures African World Beat and introduces Senegalese singer Youssou N'Dour . Appeared in the 80 's film `` Say Anything '' . On the dark and somber `` Mercy Street '' the old Gabriel is back again . It flopped as a single , but maybe not to surprising since it 's about a young girl trying to commit suicide and the video in black and white was far from joyful . `` Big Time '' once again is simular to `` Sledgehammer '' both the set up and the video . Soulish and happy pop with great video . The song is about the urge for success . `` Do What We 're Told '' is a exprimental song where sound is more important then words . It 's about Dr Milgram 's electrical shock expriments . `` This is the Picture '' a duet with Laurie Anderson , is also somewhat exprimental . A little repetitive but diffrent.Overall , `` So '' was the first album that had commercial success and songs like `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time '' proves why . Hence , The album is a little diffrent then earlier Gabriel albums that often were dark and exprimental . However , there is still a wide range of music genres here , not all songs sound like the big hits . There are also some ballads , world beat some very dark haunting numbers . `` So '' as a whole is a fantastic album , it 's where Gabriel meets the mainstream music for the first time and it could be a first step for the casual listener to discover Peter Gabriel . Recommended .
 This entire albumn is fantastic -- interesting musically , lyrically and rhythmically . `` So '' is definitely one of my favourites . Peter Gabriel has branched out most successfully on his own and this brilliant recording proves it .
 this is only a note regarding the musician credits found in the remastered version of `` so '' . on the booklet 's last page , each musician is listed in boldface type , followed by the instrument/vocal credit -LRB- s -RRB- , followed -LRB- in parenthesis -RRB- by the track -LRB- s -RRB- that the musician appears on , according to track number . but
 This album still haunts me even after nearly 18 years after first buying it on record waaay back in 1986 . `` So '' is easily my favorite album of his and it 's clear why . This is his most sophisticated and most mature work of his and is almost like seeing a light after the darkness explored on the two previous albums `` Security '' and `` Peter Gabriel 3 '' . The music is a lot more accessible and much more digestable . `` Sledgehammer '' is a classic that is very suggestive in it 's nature but most will not notice it 's devious nature . Still , it 's a really funny song with a great video to go with it.My favorite is `` Red Rain '' . Man , this song is just amazing ! I love the intense and passionate melody and the stormy feel to it . `` In YOur Eyes '' is pure bliss.The rest of this album is no less amazing and the remastering is just incredible . The songs that were great already sound even clearer and sharper in the remasters . The only thing I despise is putting `` In Your Eyes '' in the end . This is one of his greatest songs but why reshuffle the tracks?That 's the only flaw this album has.Still , the remastered edition is worth getting but do n't go for the `` Limited Edition '' digipak edition though .
 This record carried me through my teenage years of frustration and isolation . Bare in mind I 'm 19 so it 's no distant memory . Anyway , I had been weaned on easy , lite music such as Air Supply , the Carpenters ... stuff my parents listened to . This record was a shock that took me a while to get used to but once I did I was in for a real treat . I bought it for Big Time , that song in itself opened up my ears , and Sledgehammer , which I heard on a `` classic hits '' station -LRB- the song seemed out of its format too -RRB- . I was disappointed at first when the tracks were `` wierder '' than those two but it did n't take long for me to appreciate the musicianship of Peter Gabriel1 > Red Rain - The perfect teenage agnst song `` Red rain is falling down all over me '' well boo-hoo have a bloody sook ! The atmosphere really captures `` rain '' -LRB- I know coz I used to listen to it while trudging with my schoolbag in the rain -RRB- and where his voice sings `` I am standing up at the water 's edge in my dreams '' Abstract and magic 5/52 > Sledgehammer - Mad 80 's pop tune . The bit where he goes falsetto `` heeey , I wan na be ... '' shows he puts his all into it . The eccentric falsetto also reflects his eccentric personality - something I found reassuring being a bit of an outcast . 5/53 > Do n't Give Up - I remember now I had heard this song on my parents easy music station . I never really listened to the lyrics , which , although about unemployment ; I made my own for any problem I had with relating to my classmates . 4/54 > That Voice Again - Easily the most depressing song on the album , especially when he changes key `` oooh , I 'm listening to the conversation '' . I was way too self conscious in those days and my mates would tease me about my voice . Hence the lyrics of `` judge and jury in my head '' and `` hear that voice again '' where affirmations of my self doubt . Good moping material 5/55 > In Your Eyes - `` in your eyes the light , the heat . In your eyes I feel complete '' . Lyrics I coul n't relate to . I still ca n't understand to this day why people talk of this being amongst Gabriel 's Best from the album . I disagree - the weakest track for me 2.5 / 56 > Mercy Street - Took time to get it but when I did I loved the tune , the lyrics about `` the priest he can handle the shocks '' which affirmed my Catholic faith . The atmosphere also provided mopability , my folks jokingly passed razor blades through the door of my bedroom as I had this blaring full throttle 4/57 > Big Time - The best . The bass bit after big time as well as the wierd-soudning bit about `` a snow-white pillow for my big fat head '' was my idea of good pop . This was my favourite song for over a year . I would play it incessantly and `` bop '' along to it 5/58 > We Do What We 're Told - my protest about the conformity of my classmates . Great stuff 5/59 > This is the picture - again the percussion and the wierd lyrics about falling snow -LRB- there 's no snow in Victoria -RRB- takes me to a far-away world . Pure poetic fantasy 5/5Music is art and art should do something to you . Stimulate ur mind with its beauty . That 's what `` So '' does . Thankyou Peter Gabriel !
 This is a very good recording . But it is not the best that PG has in his catalog . Depending on whether or not you are a lifetime follower of PG or just a bandwagon SO follower . PG has some mezmerizing work , Security/PG3 and even UP are better than this . . but do n't get me wrong , this is a great cd , and I am glad that PG made it , because US was not as commerical and UP is way out in space like his early work.Merit , but not as great as his early stuff , or his new stuff . . and how many artist can you say that about ?
 This is , quite simply , the best album ever made . That 's all there is to say !
 Worth the money-found the music to be very deep and moving.I wanted the music to continue . I cotinue to play this CD when I `` m drawing .
 I know I have 6 of the 9 songs on Peter 's `` Shaking the Tree
 Peter Gabriel is one of the most artistic of all musicians . With every song and lyric , there are elements of poetry and and beauty which are rarely encountered in modern music . On this album , `` In Your Eyes , '' is the ballad that will move you to tears . This song remains embedded in the memories of many who were priviledged to share their first dance at their wedding to the spiritually connecting symbolism in its lyrics . Always a popular wedding and dance song , the album is worth owning for this song alone . As a bonus , the incredibly popular songs red rain , big time and sledghammer are also on this album . As a result , you ca n't lose in owning it . -LRB- I agree with most of what the person who wrote this review said , but unfortunately , I did not write it . Peter Gabriel is an EXCEPTIONAL artist with God-given talent ... you ca n't say that about a lot stars today ... Kelly Osborne comes to mind as a recent point-of-reference . Anyhow , the review stands `` as-is '' but it does n't necessarily reflect ALL of my views . -RRB- -- Matt
 I am rebuilding my music collection and this is one of the first CDs I had to get . Peter Gabriel does a good job of putting together a good mix of styles . From `` Do n't Give Up '' to `` Big Time '' , he runs the gamut of emotions lyrically and musically . It is a great example of music written and performed well . When I listen to this CD it 's not because I 'm in a particular mood , but it 's usually because I know I will be satisfied after listening to it . The music weaves it 's way under my skin , infuses me with it 's lyrics and never fails to elicit a new and somehow different satisfaction . That 's all I can ask for in art .
 One of the best CD 's I own . Though its been over 10 years old , I still find myself listening to it in my car . Excellent CD .
 Truly a marvelous piece of art , his music is beautiful and so encouraging !!! `` Sledgehammer '' is great to crank up , and `` Big Time '' is very funkadelic and plain awesome !!! I also like `` Red Rain '' , `` In Your Eyes '' , and `` Do n't Give Up '' !!! Great album , any rock fan should try it out -LRB- and also Peter Gabriel 's US album -RRB- !!! Peter Gabriel is a great songwriter/singer !!!
 I have been a Peter Gabriel fan for a while now , and let me tell you , So is one of his very best . `` Big Time '' is an edgy , and very cool dance toon . `` In Your Eyes '' is a song full of heart , soul , and spirit . `` Sledgehammer ' is certainly the main choice on this album . Once you hear its clever lyrics , you 'll think of music in a whole new way . Trust me .
 This CD never fails to amaze me . With its combination of carefully thought-out lyrics , set up by the complicated and well planned musical score , `` So '' exemplifies what Peter quoted himself as the meaning of the title , '' ... such a little word with so much meaning ... '' . Being an age old Genesis fanatic , I have seen Peter 's expertise in many aspects ; `` So '' is the perfect introduction into his own ideals and insights . After going out on his own after `` The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway '' , you can see how Peter 's genius lives on in its own right .
 I am gald that I am alive at the same time as peter gabriel is to hear his increadable music . When I first heard So , I thought I was in some kind of dream . PG writes thought provocing , witty , insightful lyrics , that take each listener on a journey that they will never forget . The first track , `` Red Rain '' , opens with the line , `` I am standing at the waters edge of my dreams '' . Only Peter can write such deep , amazing lyrics that will make you break down each song until you can figure out what the meanings are . Each track is more than a song , it 's a production . This album is something that takes 45 mintues of your time but will last you a lifetime . If you do n't have `` So '' , there is something worng with you .
 To say this album is good is an understatement if ever there was one . `` Sledgehammer '' , its groundbreaking video , and its No. 1 single status are classic , and `` Big Time '' achieved commercial success as well . `` In Your Eyes '' is one of the best songs in recent memory from any standpoint -- lyrically , vocally , melodically , you name it . While about unemployment , I 'm told , the haunting `` Do n't Give Up '' has the power to encourage anyone . The lesser-known tracks on here are all great , and this album is one of few that really stands up as a whole . Even the tracks that were n't hit singles are listenable , memorable , and well-written and well-performed . Alternately rockin ' , introspective , socially aware , and slightly arty without being pretentious , this album is simply incredible .
 One of the top five records ever made . Hauntingly beautiful lyrics with depth topped off by Gabriel 's unique vocal talent . A break through album that sounds terrific 10 years after its release . Listen to this in a dark room at full blast - it will move you , you will go places , and emerge a more enlightened being .
 I liked so many songs from this album , no wonder it 's the one everyone who 's not a native fan will think of when they think of his distinguished career .
 This MP3 sounds great . Well worth the price and brings back great memories . Hear it again for the first time .
 I was going to buy this disc because I had lost my previous copy and was looking forward to the improvements . It is still a great album , which has been made better but there is still plenty of noise on the disc so it not remastered to modern quality . If you do n't have it is a great buy if you do have it well this is n't worth the upgrade .
 love Peter Gabriel and this is his best ! ` In Your Eyes ' is a personal favorite with a lovely version song by Dianne Reeves on her Bridges album , but still not as moving as when Peter sings it !
 This is a very decent CD , has so many of the old songs I grew up with , listening to it reminds me of my younger years , and be grateful they are behind me now .
 A long time fan of Peter Gabriel , This is one of my favs . The Musicianship in this album is fantastic . I love all the songs on this album and most people would recognize at least 5 or 6 of the songs .
 If this CD is n't in your music library , it should be . This is an EXCELLENT CD and the value from Amazon is great ! If you like Peter Gabriel , buy this CD !!!!
 I 've loved everything Peter Gabriel has put out and this is no different . Fantastic CD if ever there was one . have n't heard of him ? buy it . Listen to it . you should n't be dissapointed either
 This is easily one of the most memorable , innovative , unforgettable albums of the 80 's . Songs such as `` In Your Eyes , Red Rain , Mercy Street , Sledgehammer , Do n't Give up '' are timeless classic . . forever engraved in our minds !
 One of the 80 's defining music albums . Most of the lyrics manage to capture an attitude or point of view from this time period . I believe this to be an album that everyone should listen to at least once .
 This is arguably Peter Gabriel 's finest albums that he has ever recorded in his entire career.Many say that he sold out with this record but I could n't disagree more . This was and still is a very powerful and deep album that is far above anything of todays music and even of other music of it 's time . Hell , even his former bandmates Genesis even thought they did well with `` Invisible Touch '' did n't do this good on an artistic note.It 's clear why `` SO '' remains very popular . It 's almonst non-commercial in nature and does n't focus on the sounds of the times -LRB- Around 1986 -RRB- and is still fresh and new even in 2004 . `` Red Rain '' is my faovrite song on this album being a very far-reaching soul-searching classic that will leave you breathless . `` Mercy Street '' is the sexiet track that Peter Gabriel has ever done . I would even go as to say it 's even more so than `` Sledgehammer '' which was temporarily worn out for me.This is a great CD and the remastered edition is amazing ! Go out and get today ! You wo n't be dissapointed .
 Do not listen to Bill Bennett 's reviews of Peter Gabriel 's re-released SACD albums . The SACD releases are head and shoulders better than the CD releases.Despite the rather odd change in the running order I am continually impressed by this disc which has been in my collection for some time now.I remember looking forward to hearing Mercy Street in SACD and it did not disappoint . The quality of this recording is excellent from start to finish . The bass lines in Sledgehammer , That Voice Again and In Your Eyes feel like Tony Levin is right there in your living room.Cymbals and high end are crisp and have great resolve . There are no issues with cranking this recording , it is clean and clear , an excellent example of stereo SACD.My only fault with this recording is that they did not make a multi-channel mix of it . The SACD multi-channel mix on `` Up '' is brilliant . On `` Play The Videos '' Daniel Lanois and Peter Gabriel did some excellent 5.1 mixes and every video is presented in DTS 96/24 , but to put it in persepctive if I 'm going to listen to In Your Eyes I 'll take the 2 channel stereo version over the DTS 96/24 version because the fidelity is noticeably better .
 This is Gabriel 's first thoroughly Yuppie-Friendly album & though meticulously crafted , a definite step-down from all 4 previous albums . The weirdness & bizarre elements that made his first four masterpiece albums so dangerous -LRB- and they 're all masterpieces with 3 & Security being the peak period -RRB- is toned down towards sentimental overstatements like `` Red Rain '' & `` Do n't Give Up , '' infectiously silly but quite shallow hit tracks like `` Sledgehammer '' & `` Big Time '' -LRB- rather than awesomely nutcase ones like `` Shock the Monkey '' & `` Games Without Frontiers '' -RRB- & the album would get only 3 stars if not for great 3 track combination of That Voice Again , In Your Eyes & Mercy Street & the great `` We Do What We 're Told Milgram 's 37 '' that comes after the annoying distraction of the loud & funky `` Big Time . ''
 `` Mindpop '' - pop music which makes you think , with some brilliant lyrics and somehow very original but catchy music ... After experiments with electro-pop , prog rock and punk he made a wonderfull mixture of Soul , pop , etno and rock.More than half of the songs from here became big hits and pop Classic.But all album is worth listening ... `` RED RAIN '' - haunting and moving but somehow very catchy.Still can be heard on the radio ... . Gabriel singing here sounds really creepy - '' ... Red rain is falling down , falling down all over me ... '' `` SLEDGEHAMMER '' - funky and most poppy track from here.Exploding chorus and nice backing vocals.Classic sentence - `` I WAN NA BE ... YOUR SLEDGEHAMMER '' `` DONT GIVE UP '' - Breathtaking and moving duet with Kate Bush ... While peter tales a tale of a useless man who fails in his life , Kate is talking to him `` DONT GIVE UP - yOUrE NOT THE OLY ONE . . '' `` THAT VOICE AGAIN '' - paranoic Pop , in the same style as `` I have the touch '' but less darker.It is about neurotic man struggling for communication ... Beside My favourite track from here !!!! `` MERCY STREET '' - beautifull Ballad dedicated to Anne Sexton -LRB- Poet and photographer -RRB- . Very calm and peacefull ... relaxing but also unbelievable sad ... `` BIG TIME '' - Loud and hard Funk . About famous star who has got everything and wants more ... never was my favourite , but i never hated it . just good . `` WE DO WHAT WE 'RE TOLD '' - Creepy and dark track.The choir is repeating `` we do what we 're told , told to do '' ... Scary and brilliant . `` THIS IS THE PICTURE -LRB- EXCELENT BIRDS -RRB- - Duet with Laurie Anderson.More alternative than pop , with some meloracitation.Another great one . `` IN YOUR EYES '' - Warm love declaration , etno-flavoured . Another of his classic hits.And another of my favourites . `` SO '' is one of his best albums and still sounds very fresh ... ENJOY
 Peter Gabriel reached his high as an artist with this album . This was the first CD I ever bought , and it still is in my top 10 of over 500 CDs . `` In Your Eyes , '' a great song which never dies is a highlight . `` Do n't Give Up '' is incredible , Kate Bush sings background vocals that rival any background vocals I have ever encountered . This CD will not let you down , you have to have a copy if you consider yourself a rock music fan anytime past 1980 . A must have !
 While this is not Peter Gabriel 's finest album , it is certainly his most accessible , with hits `` Sledgehammer , '' `` Big Time , '' `` In Your Eyes , '' and `` Red Rain . '' Also features a re-do of Laurie Anderson 's `` Excellent Birds , '' retitled `` This is the Picture . '' In keeping with the remastered CD collection , lyrics and photographs are included in a very nice booklet . Also in keeping with the CD reissue , `` In Your Eyes '' closes out the album , which is Gabriel 's preferred order.The difference in audio quality to the standard CD release is not as striking as some SACDs I 've heard , but there is still enough difference to make the purchase worthwhile , especially if you have n't purchased the remastered CD version.Please note that this is a stereo-only SACD , and requires a SACD-capable player .
 this was a welcome addition to my pg library . the depth and overall dynamics were a big improvement over my old copy . if you are a pg fan get it !
 I enjoyed listening to this release when I owned on cassette . I wore that out . Broke down and bought the cd . Enjoy it and cd appears to be good quality
 Always have liked this CD . . I had a cassette yearsago and when we could play them . . Good deal on here and I always like Big Time one of my favs . . always
 I think many people would say that So is his best work ever but would not necessarily call it my favorite . Yet most of his fans would probably agree it was the album that shot his career to superstar status . It does have my favorite song of his for ` in your eyes ' and one maybe of his smaller popular songs ` this is the picture ' , which I also enjoy , along with ` mercy street ' , being my favorites . A great album nonetheless and a must have for any fan of his.Peter J. Miller
 When I listened to `` Sledgehammer '' for the first time few years ago , it was doubtless the huge title of Peter Gabriel.The mix is both new and exciting , and these are the qualities to be a great hit .
 While many may mourn Peter Gabriel 's departure from Genesis , I have to say that it 's the best move he ever made . Not that Genesis was n't great , but with his solo career , he achieved a level of maturity and artistic vision that far eclipses anything he did with that band . And , while `` So '' may be a bit more pop oriented than his previous releases , it 's no less great . `` So '' is quite simply a timeless classic . While there may be little bit of 80 's cheese here and there , it does n't hold it back a bit . This album is very eclectic , and full of excellent musicianship . Tony Levin , the bassmaster himself , is featured on 6 of the 9 songs here , and his playing is just killer . There are tons of other great musicians here , including guest appearances from Stewart Copeland and Kate Bush , and everyone here contributes something really special.This album will take you on a roller coaster of various moods and textures . `` Red Rain '' is a beautiful opener , with a soothing synth melody , and techno-influenced drumming . `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time '' are fun , catchy , funk-flavored tunes , both featuring horns and some pretty wacky lyrics . `` Do n't Give Up '' is an amazing duet , on which Gabriel and Bush both shine . `` Mercy Street '' is soft and moody , with very touching lyrics . `` This Is the Picture '' is the oddest track here , sounding a bit like a groovier Thinking Plague -LRB- there 's a female singer on this one also , but I forget who -RRB- . `` In Your Eyes '' , the closer , is quite simply one of the best love songs ever . The tribal percussion and native chants give it an amazing , ethnic atmosphere , and Gabriel 's vocals are just powerful . This album is almost worth buying for this song alone.Overall , this is a mighty fine album . The only song I do n't really care for is `` We Do What We 're Told '' , which just sounds like pointless filler -LRB- it 's too bad they could n't have used Copeland for a better track -RRB- . It does n't really drag the album down , but it 's a definite low-point . Other than that , this is great stuff . Peter Gabriel has a definite knack for creative pop , and everyone who appreciates such things should own this .
 There 's always one pivotal record that truly makes an artist unique . One for which they 'll always be remembered , even after a string of later achievements . Fleetwood Mac did it in 1977 with Rumours . U2 made history and the cover of Time Magazine with The Joshua Tree . And Peter Gabriel 's 1986 release So firmly established him as an artist in his own right . In previous years , fans still linked Gabriel 's musical identity to the Genesis days , and solo hits like `` Shock The Monkey '' could n't quite bring him to the forefront . But So changed all that , capturing the attention of critics and listeners alike . Recognized as Gabriel 's first commercial success , the record sold over 3 million copies in the US alone , and soared to # 2 on both the US and UK charts . So went on to receive Grammy nominations for Album of the Year , as well as Song of the Year for `` Sledgehammer . '' Probably the best-known of all Peter Gabriel 's songs , `` Sledgehammer '' won the prestigious Video Vanguard Award , and Rolling Stone magazine ranked it among `` The Top 100 Videos . '' Today , So remains Peter Gabriel 's most original work , delivering an extraordinary blend of songwriting , vocals , and musical intuition . From slamming tracks like `` Red Rain , '' `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time , '' to darker-hued corners of the soul with `` In Your Eyes '' and `` Mercy Street , '' the record is pure genius . One could argue the depth and color in these songs betray the simple monochrome image of Gabriel on the cover . Of course , Peter Gabriel redefined himself in 1992 with the release of Us , followed by the highly-acclaimed Secret World Tour . Even then , his live performance of `` Sledgehammer '' still held audiences awestruck , proving Gabriel will never outlive the essential timelessness of So . Country superstar Garth Brooks once remarked in 1994 that every musician searches for that one anthem , their career song , which ultimately defines them as an artist . Peter Gabriel certainly uncovered not one , but several career hits in So . When an artist 's music refuses to be confined to one decade , when songs manage to stay relevant long past their prime , then what you have is not an artist , but a legend .
 Just in case there are people out there who wonder , `` What happened to all the great rock albums ? '' ... well , here 's one . Here 's one of the best in fact , one of those pieces of art that guarantee immortality , for artist AND audience . I was in college when this came out in 1986 so I was practically duty-bound to buy it , but I 'm happy to report that not all music beloved by college students is wimpy and stupid
 There is n't a better album that the 80s offered than Peter Gabriel 's SO . Easily Gabriels most accessible album , SO , while it may have been commercially successful , still was and still is deep and innovative and artistically creative . The remastering makes the music sound sharper and better than the older version even though it was very well produced to begin with . In Your Eyes is sheer beauty , while Red Rain is a rainstorm of synthesizers , and Do n't Give Up is stunningly beautiful . No pun intended towards Sledgehammer and Bif Time , but while they are great , I often skip them as I happen to love `` That Voice Again '' -LRB- Love the chord structure -RRB- , the eerie `` We Do What We 're Told '' , and the sexually appealing `` Mercy Street '' , WHOA ! `` SO '' is a must have .
 This is , quite simply , the best album ever made . That ' all there is to say really
 I 'm just an average fan of Peter Gabriel , but I must have listened to &#34; So &#34; hundreds of times in the course of my life . This remaster sounds fantastic , which is impressive considering I ordered it as an MP3 download -LRB- which theoretically loses fidelity -RRB- . I play bass guitar as a hobby , and I can hear the bass much more distinctively and clearly in many songs - it 's made me want to learn the parts I never heard before !
 So was a great album 25 years ago when I fisrt heard it and it is even better today . Ca n't say enough about how good this album is .
 This album is one of , if not the , best album of the eighties . The remastering is excellent and given my love of his entire career worth of music was worth buying again in this form , as the audio levels are greatly improved from my older CD set .
 Peter Gabriel was introduced to me by my father when I was younger and I 'm so glad that he did !
 `` So '' is the most upbeat and optimistic-sounding of all of Peter Gabriel 's albums -- Genesis included -- and contains his most commercial set of songs , so it 's no wonder why it remains the overwhelming favorite among critics and listeners to this day.For those who are attracted to PG 's darker , artier works , however , `` So '' may sound like a heavily manicured piece of pop fluff , drowned in -LRB- to these ears -RRB- dated 80s production valuesand featuring some songs -LRB- `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time '' -RRB- so far removed from Gabriel 's actual musical style that this is probably as close as he came to the term `` sell-out '' . Nonetheless , Gabriel 's genius is such that the album does not emerge as a total washout . `` Red Rain '' is a graceful , richly melodic track that anchors the beginning of the album , while both `` Mercy Street '' and `` We Do What We 're Told '' are quiet , haunting and infused with world-music touches -LRB- `` Mercy Street '' remains one of my favorite songs , actually -RRB- . The production on these is simpler and therefore less grating than on such light confections as `` Sledgehammer '' and `` In Your Eyes '' , which are n't terrible -LRB- who can deny the catchiness of either tune ? -RRB- but the 80s dance-pop sound captured here simply does not remind one of the `` real '' Gabriel captured on `` The Lamb '' , `` Solsbury Hill '' , `` San Jacinto '' or `` Passion '' ; ironically , their popularity is so overwhelming that most fans continue to primarily identify him with these two tracks -LRB- FWIW , the extended 7-minute version of `` In Your Eyes '' is superior to the album cut -RRB- . Elsewhere , we have the uplifting ballad `` Do n't Give Up '' -LRB- one of the better cuts and again very popular , although I 'll take `` Blood Of Eden '' over this any day -RRB- , more 80s dance hits like `` Big Time '' anda reject from the abandoned `` Mozo '' concept , `` That Voice Again '' . Overall , `` So '' remains a must-purchase , if only to hear what the fuss is about . Nearly every song has achieved popularity , which to some makes it a very consistent album . But for those fans who want the darker , edgier , stuff , only `` Red Rain '' , `` Mercy Street '' and `` We Do What We 're Told '' will satisfy this time around . `` Us '' would mark a superior mix of his commercial and artistic sides , with that `` big 80s '' production -LRB- the headache-inducing drum machines , dance rhythms and metallic reverb -RRB- muffled or absent .
 It seems every tune on this album is great and the album very easy to listen to over and over again .
 The soundtrack to a generations teen agnst .
 we only have crap to listen to , how would we know what good music is ??? We like a song on the radio ONLY if it sounds just like the one played before it.Plus , are n't you the guys that were supposed to teach us how to play instruments and how to write music ... thanks guys , a lot of help you turned out to be ... this is your own fault . HA!Hey , at least our musicians use samples , at least that proves that we 're thinking ... we found out how to make money off music that you guys wrote !!! So , we pretty much do n't even have to work . -LRB- things have made a turn for the worse eh ??? -RRB-
 `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time '' are my favorite two songs on this CD or album or whatever they call them these days . This item is a little misleading to me as there are actually more songs on this 25th Anniversary Remaster than you are getting for this price . If you look under MP3 songs , there is a whole slew of them listed that are not on this particular `` CD '' that I purchased . I would suggest listening to the first 30 seconds of each song before you make up your mind if you are not familiar with the song or his music . You can download the whole CD and then pick and choose which ones you want to put on your Ipod or other MP3 listening device . That 's pretty much what I did , I chose a few and left the rest off . I like some of his music -LRB- especially `` I Shot the Monkey '' which is n't even on this `` Definitive Collection . ''
 This arrived on time and in the condition I was expecting . I would recommend this seller
 As one drinks in the sounds , the lyrics explode as a testimony to our lives in different positions on the planet . A phenomenal experience -- rich with deep blessings and angst . Sip the music like a fine wine ; it will not disappoint you .
 everyone says this album is excellent . now i can see where it comes from . I love the songs `` in your eyes '' , and `` mercy street '' . `` mercy street '' might be my favourite gabriel song . but look at the songs `` we do what we 're told '' and `` this is the picture '' . seems like peter just needed two more songs for the album . so let 's just say that `` so '' is got some great key points , but it 's got it 's faults . i perfer `` US ''
 I 've loved this album for years but was not able to get it digitally . I 'm glad it is finally out as MP3s .
 Wow ! , instantly i noticed the spaciousness between the instruments at the start of red rain !!! Ok , quick simple review -LRB- break ! -RRB- ... After listening to the album completely i noticed that
 Peter Gabriel 's SO is really one of the best albums in my collection . It 's the best album by Peter Gabriel . If you really loved and enjoyed SO then I suggest you NOT buy his new album `` Up '' . That was one of the worst -LRB- and most disappointing -RRB- purchases of my life -LRB- I purchased it the day it came out , right after classes -RRB- . When I got home and played it I was so disappointed that I gave it away at a flea market .
 A classic album . We have used the song `` Big Time '' as a theme for one of our large college friends . He is so huge . `` Big Time '' fits him to a tee -LRB- if anything fits him -RRB- . We have produced a 180-word fat list for this kid , and wish we could make a video for `` Big Time '' for this fatkid , which would be perfect . Honestly , if you have an overweight friend or two , buy this album or at least find `` Big Time '' on Napster .
 Before this album Peter Gabriel had achieved a critical success by music critics . Especially , his third album is the real masterpiece . Gabriel had small but faitful fan group that bought his albums . He was some kind of cult artist that did n't want to make mainstream music.Something changed time period from 1982 to 1986 In 1982 Gabriel released Security , which was go gold on the strength of the startling video for `` Shock the Monkey . '' Just as his solo career was taking off , Gabriel participated in a one-shot Genesis reunion in order to finance his WOMAD - World of Music , Arts and Dance - Festival . After founding Real World , Inc. - a corporation devoted to developing bridges between technology and multiethnic artsI believe that when Gariel was composing So 's songs , he had some sort of instict to say
 Much like the Police 's `` Synchronicity , '' which was a commercial smash while being musically adventurous , Peter Gabriel 's `` So '' showed how music could be experimental while being catchy . Certainly the funkiness of `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time '' got many toes tapping . It 's the other songs that make this a timeless wonder , however . `` Red Rain , '' `` Do n't Give Up , '' and `` In Your Eyes '' are complex , while instilling themselves in your brain for eternity . For me , the most hypnotic song on the album -LRB- and probably the most hypnotic song EVER -RRB- is `` Mercy Street ! '' I have never heard keyboards sound as human as they do on this song . And the lyric `` Words support like bone '' is a simile that I 've been toying with for 16 years . I am anxious to hear this album on remastered CD , as I have only had the cassette since 1986 -LRB- it 's a wonder I have n't worn it out -RRB- .
 A watershed recording ; undoubtedly Peter 's greatest commercial success , and to many his greatest artistic success as well . -LRB- I give that title to Passion instead , but what do I know ? -RRB- PG2 may be too morbid for some , PG3 may be too disturbing , Security may be too heavy & frightening . . but for So , it 's just about impossible for anyone not to find something to like . The sarcastic `` Big Time '' is a heaping dose of pure funk , `` Mercy Street '' sounds like Nick Drake at his most painfully honest , and `` Do n't Give Up '' could almost be described as ` ambient soul music . ' The simply-perfect `` In Your Eyes '' - no description necessary , you know you 've all heard it - is moved to the end of the running order rather than the middle . Peter originally wanted it as a closer , but had to put it at the beginning of side 2 due to the clarity limitations of the vinyl format . I for one think it works much better where it is now , ending the album on a joyous note rather than the slow fade-outs of `` We Do What We 're Told '' and `` This Is the Picture . '' `` Remasters , eh ? '' you say . `` But they sound great already . How much can they be improved ? '' you wonder . Well I wondered too . After replacing my first PG disc -LRB- Passion , natch -RRB- with the new CD , I did n't hesitate to spring for all the others as soon as my budget allowed - and they 're worth every penny . The first time I cranked `` Big Time '' in the car , my friend turned to me and asked why the mega-bass on my stereo was cranked up so high . I had to patiently tell her it was n't even turned on . -LRB- I do n't think I 'll scare her with `` Rhythm of the Heat '' just yet - that would be cruel . -RRB- Any muted fuzz is gone , the clarity is nothing short of stunning , and the bass end is more monstrous than ever - but not to the point of overwhelming anything else . Heck , this edition even has that chant at the end of `` In Your Eyes '' printed in the lyrics . Now if I only knew what it meant ...
 Rock on , I 've been waiting for these remasters for years . I had planned on selling my original CDs first to come up with the cash to buy the new ones , but time only permitted purchasing first.Since my wallet was not as full as I would like , I had to choose two of the remasters to begin with . I chose `` Shaking the Tree '' and `` So . '' What can I say ? Wow . I popped in `` So '' in my 1990 Toyota Corolla with factory speakers , not expecting to hear much until I got home to the good stereo , but wow . I was hearing things that I had never heard before . There was more depth , more texture , and more layers than I had ever heard on a PG album before . Now I 'm listening to it on a ProLogic II system , and it 's blowing my mind.I hate cardboard cases , so I opted for the non-limited editon jewel case versions . What 's the deal with the limited edition cardboard anyway ? Silly marketing ploy , if you ask me.Next week I should have enough to pick up the rest ...
 Rock on , I 've been waiting for these remasters for years . I had planned on selling my original CDs first to come up with the cash to buy the new ones , but time only permitted purchasing first.Since my wallet was not as full as I would like , I had to choose two of the remasters to begin with . I chose `` Shaking the Tree '' and `` So . '' What can I say ? Wow . I popped in `` So '' in my 1990 Toyota Corolla with factory speakers , not expecting to hear much until I got home to the good stereo , but wow . I was hearing things that I had never heard before . There was more depth , more texture , and more layers than I had ever heard on a PG album before . Now I 'm listening to it on a ProLogic II system , and it 's blowing my mind.I hate cardboard cases , so I opted for the non-limited editon jewel case versions . What 's the deal with the limited edition cardboard anyway ? Silly marketing ploy , if you ask me.Next week I should have enough to pick up the rest ...
 This CD has some really thoughtful songs on it , despite the rather clunky soul rehash `` Sledgehammer '' that has been played to death on VH-1 . Actually , Gabriel 's metaphors on that song do display a shred of intelligence and wit , but they pale in comparison with the depth of the rest of the album . Highlights include `` Do n't Give Up , '' which features a surprisingly restrained Kate Bush -LRB- she must have taken her Valium for this one -RRB- who sounds , as Rolling Stone put it , `` like the breath of life itself . '' Too bad Kate felt the need to play the part of a crazed banshee on much of her solo work ... she could have been great . `` That Voice Again '' is another thoughtful track , and is both well-written and well-executed , and features some of Gabriel 's best singing and vocal harmonization ever . Of course , we 're all familiar with `` In Your Eyes '' ... there 's something about this song that stirs the soul . And finally , `` Mercy Street '' is an excellent mood piece that only begins to scratch the surface of the hopelessness and despair Anne Sexton must have felt . Well done .
 Rank this one up there with Pink Floyd 's Dark Side of the Moon and Beatles White Album . A work of uncomprimising musical integrity and skillful pop song writing . Lyrically poetic and musically diverse . A must have for music collectors from all backgrounds . Transcends gernes and labels . It just is simply Peter Gabriel at his intelligent , creative best .
 I 've heard that Gabriel was once part of Genesis , but left early . Only because he wanted to make music his way -LRB- IMHO -RRB- . This led to his take on pop music led to this collection with two hits -LRB- Sledgehammer and Big Time -RRB- . The other songs are mostly pretty good , too . The only reason I gave 4 out of 5 stars is that I like most of the tracks , except the tracks after Big Time . That 's just my preference and should not take anything away from this overall excellent CD .
 All I remember about this album 's original release was that 1 -RRB- I had received an advance promotional copy and predicted that Sledgehammer would be a number one song and 2 -RRB- all my friends who were die-hard Gabriel/Genesis fans hated it . I mean , really despised it because Peter Gabriel had decided to `` sell out '' . My answer to that is the same then as it is now ... so what?In listening to this album , it does n't really come across that he 's trying to write hits for the radio . What does come across is perhaps the most atmospheric album ever recorded . Every song seems to blend and support the others , even if you hit random play on your CD deck . That ca n't be unintentional . This is a mood piece , a record to listen to time and time again when you need to reach a part of your soul that you have n't heard from in a while . Okay , so Sledgehammer is a funky hit single . What about Red Rain , In Your Eyes , Mercy Street , and especially Do n't Give Up ? I had a tremendous amount of hope for the future of popular music when this album received the accolades it did . Sadly we 've devolved back into the no-thinking-required garbage of teeny bopper boy bands . It 's time to tap back in to true creativity and musical power .
 this was an album that began my conversion from heavy metal to a more diverse musical palette . it still stands up , 15 years -LRB- ?! -RRB- after its release because of the sheer beauty of the songs . today 's audience might not understand what red rain is about or why it 's here , but we still lived in a nuclear world back then . sledgehammer is a funny song whose funk is kept loose and sprighty thanx 2 a limber rhythm section ; a funny song and an amazing video still . do n't give up brings tears 2 me eyes , especially kate bush 's vocal . in your eyes-what female does n't like this song ? mercy street-one of my favorites-moody , ethereal , spooky ; like a thick fog cast down on a london street . i recently looked at the instrumentation credits and noticed that a lot of african instrumentation is used quite a bit . my friends in high school always thought this was 2 slow ; u just got ta recognize the beauty . i bet he 's amazing 2 see live .
 Gabriel has clearly created a remarkable journey for thos listening to SO . The dramatic mood swings from song to song may take a bit getting use to but is clearly well worth the investment of time . I am a binge CD listener and have kept Gadriels ' SO in the player in excess of two week . If you want to listen to ranging from the battleground to utopia then buy this CD , it will quickly become your favorite .
 I almost knocked this to 4stars because of the unfortunate irritant , `` Slegdehammer . '' I am a Gabriel fan through and through and am sad to hear people who do n't know his music well ask `` you like that Sledgehammer stuff ?? `` Gabriel has only produced three songs with this style
 Has some great songs ... Red Rain , In Your Eyes , Mercy Street , This is the Picture . I think the album `` Us '' is better .
 The very good tracks on this cd are `` Red Rain '' and `` Mercy Street `` Great commercial success with `` Sledgehammer '' , `` Do n't give up '' , `` In your eyes '' and `` Big Time '' . . These four songs have been heard to often maybe , but still good occasionnaly to listen to . Two weak songs close the album , `` We do what we 're told '' and `` This is the picture '' , I go with four star for this album .
 good packaging cd was good also . songs were all good would recommend this cd to any one who likes peter gabriel .
 This was a great tape when I got it 25 years ago . I am so glad to have it again in remastered digital quality .
 My second copy . Wore out the first copy of this cd . I love every track on this disc - brings me back to my youth every time I hear it !
 Peter Gabriel is great , so what 's not to like about this ? It 's a nice range of his talent too ! It 's relaxing music and brings back memories : - -RRB-
 I rarely duplicate collections of music , but decided to replace my vinyl with this CD . I had n't hear this entire collection in years . What an memorable throw back to a very formative time of my life . The songs are so well constructed musically , and the diversity is very notable . I ca n't think of a song that sounds anything like &#34; Big Time &#34; or &#34; Sledgehammer . &#34; The lively and whimsical feel of those two numbers contrasts very nicely with the low key and ethereal &#34; Mercy Street &#34; and the solace of &#34; Do n't Give Up &#34; with side vocals of the lovely Kate Bush.This is a profound and wonderful musical work of art not to be missed , and is definitely a must have for any collection .
 I had n't listened to an album from start to finish in a long time ... until I ordered this . The remastered sound was great , and the music itself took me back to a happy place in my past . If you remember this album , you 'll understand . If you 're new to it , give it a try . He is a very talented and gifted musical voice !
 I forgot how great this Peter Gabriel &#34; SO &#34; CD !! it was one great song to the next . This is an instant repeat play on the cd player .
 25 years already and still the best . if you are a fan of the best music , you should have this in your collection.What an artist.Totally recommended .
 Absolutely , sonically amazing . PG is a master craftsman . He has always pursued the finest sonic nuances in his work . The unbelievable detail is even more clear now , with the remaster . Some catchy tunes too !
 Peter Gabriel continues to amaze and delight with his particular vision . 25 years seems like yesterday . The live concert tour this past September only confirms this albums place in rock and roll history . The sonics on this re-mastered album make this even more of a listening pleasure . The visceral charge is as immediate as ever . Great stuff .
 Great CD . Get this one if you like Peter Gabriel 's classics . It was worth the price to have this one transferrable to MP3 , instead of cassette . Better sound quality .
 One of my favorite albums from my college years , redone ... Again . I think it is worth a purchase , particularly if you only have the original CD . This has a very clean sound on high quality headphones , and is cleaner than you will need on even a great high powered car audio system . Most of you will not have equipment that will reproduce the lowest bass notes at a flat level - a Peter Gabriel trademark . This will not take away from your enjoyment of the album ... It just sounds great.I was a fan of his earlier work , but think of this album in the same way I think about Metallica 's `` Black Album . '' It is an album where the artist reaches down to the mass market to try to bring them into the fold . This album makes his true fans happy , while allowing new fans to click into where he is coming from.Definitely worth a listen if you have not heard it . You may lose attention near the end , but stick it out . Truly a great album with some of his best mainstream hits . Despite being mainstream , they are still great songs.This album was originally recorded digitally , but it has always been released with an analog stage along the processing or pressing . From what I can tell , this is as close to the digital master as I can hear and is a worthy re-release . Even more so than the last remasteres that were issued .
 So it was , So it is . Remains an integral part of any music collection . A must have for Mr. Gabriel fans .
 One of my all time favorite albums just got even better . When this came out I was already a huge Peter Gabriel fan , this is just additional icing on the cake .
 I do n't compare Peter Gabriel 's solo efforts with his Genesis days . Yes , same person but two different beasts - and very good ones at that.Having grown up in the 1980s , `` So '' was my introduction to the music of Gabriel . How many times did I hear `` Sledgehammer , '' `` In Your Eyes , '' and `` Big Time '' on the radio and see the videos for `` Sledgehammer '' and `` Big Time '' on MTV ? For some reason , I never got tired of hearing his music or seeing his videos . I loved the abstract nature of his videos and I can listen to his lyrics with a more mature ear all these years later and truly appreciate the timelessness of this album even moreso . The melodies are pure genius.It 's rare for me that I like entire albums , but `` So '' has really grown on me and I can now include it on my list of albums that all I need to do is `` just push play '' and never have to worry about mediocrity for the duration.I love `` Red Rain '' and `` Do n't Give Up '' -LRB- and how true it is that '' ... no one wants you when you lose '' -RRB- . Peter Gabriel is a musical genius . Period . - Donna Di Giacomo
 This is a 2002 release . UPC :5099973070627 The Remastering was done well . The audio has n't been hammered , it has full dynamic range . : -RRB- I can recommend this CD .
 Not one of those people who agrees with critics on `` classic '' albums ... sometimes there 's no question really . And this is one of them . An integral part of any human growth process during the 80 's for myself and many others this album not only sustained two long gaps both before and after it with enough strength , soul and musical power to sustain itself . For some reason Gabriel felt somewhat creatively burdoned afterSecurityand it took five years to complete this to it 's best end . And surprisingly the result was probably the closest thing to a `` hit parade '' type album that Peter Gabriel has ever had . It does n't have anything really to do with the fact he modernized or commercialized his music to any huge degree . He just used contemporary production values to enhance what was already there . In the end you have an album filled with a very broad variety of songs filled with strong emotional and musical expression and insight . `` Red Rain '' , `` That Voice Again '' , `` Mercy Street '' and `` We Do What We 're Told '' are the least popular songs on this album but in many ways they really make it what it is by acting as the glues which holds everything together . Each of them are flowing , polyrhythmic all dealing with the ultimate culmination of Gabriel 's theatrical bent on overthinking everything until the mind simply shuts out life . On the other hand , the otherworldly ballad with Kate Bush `` Do n't Give Up '' offers a sense of hope in this manner . `` Sledgehammer '' , a great and far slower grinding horn funk follow up to `` Shock The Monkey '' finds Gabriel resolving his sexual issues with again with some clever double entandres . Gabriel is back to the funk , although in a more mid 80 's almost Jam/Lewis style on `` Big Time '' , another clever lyric dealing with that old `` country mouse/city mouse '' type scenario.To most people the obvious spirituality of `` In Your Eyes '' will likely always bring to mind images of John Cussack holding up a boombox inSay Anything . Of course to me it will always bring to mind Youssou N'Dour , the Senegalese singer/musician Gabriel championed and made this likely his introduction to the pop music work at large , with the songs mix of Sting like jazz-pop with Gabriel 's own afrobeat inspired style . Combining Nile Rodgers on guitar with Bill Laswell on bass with `` This Is The Picture -LRB- Excellent Birds -RRB- '' is an excellent idea for such a wonderfully imagistic afrofunk piece . And it really gives you the best impression of what this album is about . By channeling afrobeat,funk,jazz-pop and rock this album managed to allow Gabriel to create his own unique brand of pop that allowed him to be his usual artistic self and still communicate with the people . It 's a lesson he learned well from the mentors from those musics from which he obviously gained a lot of knowledge . And it makes the album all the better for us as a result .
 Length :
 One of Peter Gabriel 's finest CDs , So is cathartic . The raw emotion of Red Rain is undeniable . Thought-provoking lyrics coupled with serious musicians produces pure brilliance . Manu Katch&eacute; 's drumming is perfectly suited to Gabriel 's message . Unquestionably one of music 's finest moments.A `` Must Have '' . -LSB- DW -RSB-
 We knew Peter was going to deliver something truly awesome after Security .1987 was a huge year in so many ways for music . The '80s would not have been the decade they were without this record . The production stellar . The musicians were the finest around . The sounds were high tech and world beat . They all came together . I will never forget this record and the tour that followed . peter delivered a blistering Red Rain at Amensty .
 I know it 's very 1980 's but still , this CD has long lasting depth . I noticed the reviews on the first page are all by guys . I ca n't understand it since I believe `` In your eyes '' to be one of the most heartfelt love songs . I guess I 'm just a hopeless romantic . But if a girl sang this song to me , my knees would no doubt buckle.I was lucky enough to see Peter Gabriel live in San Francisco in Golden Gate Park at a WOMAD concert in around 1998 . He energized the whole park . He brought out surprise guest Sinead O'Connor and they started immediately into a song . She got some boos because of her recent protest of the pope on SNL . He stopped the song and scolded someone near the stage saying , Do n't do that here man ! That 's not cool . '' The boos stopped and then he counted `` on four '' , and they got right back into it where they left off!I think this CD will go down as one of his best . It 's hard to top .
 So is one of my favourite CD 's I have and has my all-time favourite love song.All the songs a just wonderfully writen and beautifully sung.Red Rain , Sledgehammer , Do n't Give Up , Mercy Street , Big Time and of course In Your Eyes are the best songs on the album.So is the album that Peter Gabriel will always be remembered for.Out of all the songs that Gabriel as writen and sung , I think In Your Eyes is his best song ever and In Your Eyes is mine and my boyfriend 's song mostly because both of us can relate to that song.While all of Gabriel 's album are awesome , So is his absolute best .
 This album does sound like it was made in 1986 , and is very accessible and mainstream oriented , which honestly made me cringe the first time I heard this , but I 've since warmed up to ` So . ' I do prefer the weirder elemtns of his music , exemplified in Melt , Security and his latest opus , Up , but even when Gabriel 's stuff is more pop-oriented , he 's still outstanding at it . Songs like ` Sledgehammer ' and ` Big Time ' are very catchy , and his romantic song ` In Your Eyes ' is one of the best love songs ever written . `` Red Rain , '' `` Mercy Street '' and `` That Voice Again '' are also highlights on this album . Never was a fan of `` Do n't Give Up '' though , so I ca n't give it 5 stars , but it certainly deserves 4.5 stars .
 This 1986 album is by far my favorite album by Gabriel . The downpouring synthesizers and guitars of Red Rain are stunning . I love the bizarre chord changes of That Voice Again and the eerieness of Wo Do what We 're Told and This Is The Picture . My favorite though is In Your Eyes . I do n't like the fact that it was moved to the end of the album . If you have the older CD version of SO , stick with it . A marvelous masterpiece that truly was one of the best CDs the 80s had to offer . BUY IT !!!!!!
 While the mainstream probably thinks of `` Sledgehammer '' , `` In Your Eyes '' , and `` Big Time '' when they think of Peter Gabriel , _ So _ contains a lot of other interesting styles of music as well . The aforementioned hits are here , but so are the dark and atmospheric `` This is the Picture '' and `` We Do What We 're Told '' , the hopeful and spiritual `` Do n't Give Up '' and `` Mercy Street '' , and arguably one of Gabriel 's most passionate compositions - `` Red Rain '' . This is a great place to start if you 're just getting into Peter Gabriel . It 's certainly not as adventurous and avant garde as some of his earlier work , but it offers more than what a casual fan might think a Peter Gabriel album has to offer .
 1986 's `` So '' was Peter Gabriel 's big commercial breakthrough , and it 's not difficult to see -LRB- or hear -RRB- why
 For a long time Peter Gabriel and the idea of a commerical breakthrough seemed polar opposites . With So Gabriel suddenly demonstrated that there was a market -LRB- again -RRB- for intelligent and well crafted songwriting . Although not necessarily PG 's best , SO functions as a snapshot of the artist in top form.This edition of SO differs a bit from the original US release . The songs differ both from the original album , cassette and CD releases with In Your Eyes as the final track . On vinyl the last song was We Do What We 're Told which made sense both artistically and musically . The CD release duplicated the line up of the cassette release featuring Gabriel 's collaboration with Laurie Anderson This Is The Picture -LRB- Excellent Birds -RRB- as the final track . Reportedly , the track order here was the way the original album was intended to be released . Due to the limitations of vinyl sonics , Gabriel rearranged the line up to the traditional previously released version . The album 's original smooth continuity suffers on the remastered edition . The final track -LRB- In Your Eyes -RRB- is a classic to be sure but putting the chilling We Do What We 're Told in its new position robs that powerful track of much of its power . I certainly appreciate the fact that SO is now as its maker intended but there was really nothing wrong with it to begin with.The sound quality is stunning with considerably more depth , clarity and definition . This is particularly noticable on the album opener Red Rain and the two outstanding ballads of the album Do n't Give Up and Mercy Street . The latter which is probably one of PG 's greatest ballads has more warmth in the sound than ever heard before . SO stands -LRB- along with Melting Face aka Peter Gabriel 3 -RRB- as PG 's most compelling and powerful collection of songs . While slicker than Melting Face , it also has a humanity and warmth missing from that dark masterpiece . The two form curious bookends to Gabriel 's style and , listened back to back , they each illuminate the other album in unique and powerful ways.The limited edition US digipak is inferior to the traditional vinyl like sleeves issued in Japan . It 's something of a bastard child ; half vinly artwork/half CD . Really , it does n't make anyone happy . If the spindle that holds the CD breaks -LRB- which , by the way , was the case with half the reissues I purchased -RRB- , there 's no way to replace it . Sadly there are no bonus tracks . Demos , outtakes and b sides would have been welcome . One can understand why Gabriel would want to stick with the original album and not tack on extras ; most of the b sides -LRB- save the minor classic Do n't Break This Rhythm -RRB- really would sound of place here . Still , one could argue for the inclusion of the various alternate mixes for Sledgehammer , Big Time and Do n't Give Up . I suppose they 're saving it for a boxed set so they can fleece the public one more time.The booklet now comes with a number of rare and new pictures . Unfortunately , there 's no essay about the making of the album and the credits are standard issue as well . The original song lyrics are included as well but , again , some thoughts on the making of the album would have been interesting.A great album mishandled in its reissue , SO still deserves a place in any CD collection . Gabriel 's sweeping stylistic jumps and arrangements finally sound as great -LRB- if not , dare I say it , better than -RRB- as they did on vinyl . A pity they could n't have gotten the packaging right .
 There is a fan website called `` The Church of Peter Gabriel '' , a rather tongue-in-cheek venture claiming Gabriel as a diety . His prodigious career , spanning over 20 years from its start with Genesis -LRB- forgive the unseeming pun ... -RRB- , to his innovative solo work and various side projects concerning human rights , visual art and performances , to his devoted following and , well , the sheer magnitude of his work ... maybe that website is n't too far off with its claims.This album was created in 1986 , and as is typical with Gabriel , was a hallmark of the times as well as a surpassant . It is rostered with some of the finest musicians such as bassist extraoridinare Tony Levin , Stewart Copeland of Police fame , etheral songstress Kate Bush and funky art singer Laurie Anderson , superb percussionist Manu Katche , and guitarist David Rhodes . L. Shankar , a premier violinist with unmatched expressive style , also makes his appearance . The album was a stepping point for many of his newer fans , and also a forward stage of evolution for his theatrical style.The album is famous for it 's breakthrough hits , Red Rain and Big Time . The video for Big Time set a precedent when it first appeared , garnering award after award for its mind-blowing animation . Sledgehammer , another hit , was a take-off on British motown style . That Voice Again , an absolute gem , is about the sometimes off again-on again nature of relationships , a familiar theme of Gabriel 's . The song itself showcases Tony Levin 's impeccable and understated bass playing , and Manu Katche 's flawless percussion.In Your Eyes , another song to become a hit , is one of the most joyful love songs created , as many who have played it at their wedding can attest . Senegaly vocalist Youssou N'dour , an artist in his own right , lends his distinctive vocals to this popular song.Gabriel is known for his wonderful and image provoking lyrics . Mercy Street , a haunting and dreamlike ballad contains the following
 While it may not be Gabriel 's best album -LRB- which I believe to be his third , self-titled album -RRB- , it is definitely a better introduction to his music . It may be more pop-oriented than his other albums , but it 's still one of the best albums of the 80 's . `` Red Rain , '' `` Sledgehammer , '' `` Mercy Street , '' `` Do n't Give Up , '' `` Big Time , '' and `` In Your Eyes '' are all stand-outs , particularly `` In Your Eyes , '' which is probably his best known song thanks to the film , `` Say Anything . '' Gabriel combines elements of minimalism , world music , and for the first time , Memphis soul , to create some very compelling , very entertaining music . At times , like `` Mercy Street , '' it floats , sounding very low-key and textured without descending into boring mood music , and other times , like `` Big Time , '' it 's a thumping , muscular sound that you can dance to.Now , you can divide Gabriel 's fans into two categories
 Peter Gabriel took progressive rock to new levels when he was with the group Genesis . He was no less lucrative when he went solo during the latter half of the 70 's His solo albums rewrote what pop music was and could extend to . His genius , however , was n't fully put into effect untill he released his breakthrough album , `` So '' , in 1986 . The album combines the ambitions and artistry of 70 's progressive rock with the commercial and popularity attributes of 80 's pop music . Gabriel 's lyrical themes cover many aspects of life from love and romance to family vaules to career dreams to simple artistic beauty . Not once does he fall flat or fail to express himself completely and honestly.The album opens with the track , `` Red Rain '' , a haunting pop tune about the terror and destruction of mankind 's wars and selfishness . Red rain is the blood of those innocent lives that were destroyed because of it . The next track is , `` Sledgehammer '' , one of the more brighter songs that Gabriel has done . The song is basically just Gabriel having fun with its nonsense lyrics and catchy pop melody . The video to this song is a classic with its flashy special effects and timeless stop-motion animation . Track three is one of the most heartbreaking song ever written by Gabriel or just about anyone else . A duet with Kate Bush , the song is about one of the most important aspects of human life , family . Gabriel tells how he failed his friends and family while Bush tells him that 's its alright and not to give up on them . The next track is the only other song about romance other than the closing track . A simple tune about how his lover 's voice is the only thing that keeps him going . `` Mercy Street '' , is about a girl named Anne who apparently lost everything and now dreams of how she can once again find mercy in her father 's arms . `` Big Time '' , is about the dream of making it big in the city and becoming famous . `` We Do What Were 're Told '' , is a very short and simple tune about a nation who thinks with one mind and has one goal -LRB- possibly about communism -RRB- . `` This Is The Picture '' is another simple number about finding artistic beauty in simple things like flying birds and falling snow . The album end with one of the more intelligent love ballads to come out in recent years . The song is about how complete and honored Gabriel is to be in his lovers eyes . The song with its unfogettable bass line and world beat drums and chants has became an instant classic.I can not think of any progressive-rock albums that have come out since this one did in 86 . Sadly this very well may have marked the end of one of the most influential rock styles to ever appear on the music scene . This is another album you can not go wrong with . If you like intelligent lyrics and artistic melodies you will love this album .
 Former Genesis frontman Peter Gabriel released his fifth studio solo rock album entitled So in May of 1986 . The year 1986 was the year of Genesis past and present . Whilst Peter released So , his former Genesis bandmate guitarist Steve Hackett released his hit collaboration with Yes guitarist Steve Howe calling themselves GTR and released its self-titled album . Also , Hackett and Gabriel 's ex-colleages the rest of Genesis -LRB- singer/drummer Phil Collins , keyboard player Tony Banks and bass player/guitarist Mike Rutherford -RRB- released the hugely successful Invisible Touch -LRB- see review -RRB- . A month before Invisible Touch hit the streets , Gabriel released So which was a year in the making but was well worth the time it took to create this now classic to rock history . It was four years since his last proper solo album -LRB- 1982 's fourth self-titled album which was released with the title Security here in the US at the request of his US label Geffen -RRB- . This time , Gabriel and his supreme team of session players , including the reliable Tony Levin on bass and Chapman Stick plus David Rhodes on guitar are joined by Police drummer Stewart Copeland and drummers Manu Katche and Rick Marotta.The thunderous `` Red Rain '' is a stellar opener to this album and is possibly one of his best solo tracks of the 1980s . Next is the smash hit `` Sledgehammer '' -LRB- with Gabriel going a bit funky on the R&B ; thing -RRB- and was rightfully a # 1 hit . In a strange twist of fate , it KO-ed his ex-bandmembers ' `` Invisible Touch '' single out of # 1 in the US . Also this track 's video was groundbreaking with its animation effects . Next is the excellent duet with British singer/songwriter Kate Bush called `` Do n't Give Up '' which is a stellar song and one of the best duets I ever heard . We end the first half with the atmospheric sounding `` That Voice Again '' which was a rock radio hit in the US yet did n't get released to pop radio . `` Mercy Street '' starts the second half off -LRB- it was `` In Your Eyes '' but Gabriel changed the CD tracklisting for the remaster -RRB- and is a nice piece . We follow with another big hit called `` Big Time '' which featured Stewart Copeland on drums and was also known for its classic video -LRB- similar to `` Sledgehammer '' with his effects and Claymation -RRB- . The original vinyl album 's closer `` We Do What Were Told '' is reminiscent of Gabriel 's darker late 1970s material . It 's brief , lyrically simple , but very , very haunting . The original CD and cassette closer `` This Is The Picture '' is a terrific , light-groove collaboration with avant-garde artist Laurie Anderson which combined singing with spoken word , and the funky guitar of Nile Rodgers . The original album 's second half opener and now album closer `` In Your Eyes '' is the album 's most well known hit . This track was a # 1 on US rock radio and is a nice love song and featured the late Michael Been from The Call and Simple Minds frontman Jim Kerr on backing vocals plus African singer Y' oussor N'Dour helping out at the end.So became Peter Gabriel 's biggest selling solo album reaching # 2 on the Billboard album charts and has sold FIVE million copies to date in the US alone . The album was nominated for the Grammy for Album Of The Year , but it lost to Paul Simon 's arguable masterpiece Graceland . However , Gabriel did win the MTV Video Music Award Video of the Year for `` Sledgehammer '' which ironically beat his old Genesis mates ' `` Land of Confusion '' video . Aside sales , So proved Peter Gabriel was a force to be reckoned with and 25 years on is still his best album as this remastered version attests.RECOMMENDED !
 I got this album for one song , the commercially successful `` In Your Eyes '' and found that I had purchased a gem . This album is definitely in the top 5 albums that I own.The melodies in the songs are not subtle , they do take some time to get used to but once used to them they are amazing and beautiful . The lyrics are well written and arranged flawlessly.The only two songs that I am not huge on are `` We Do What We 're Told '' and `` This Is The Picture '' . I 'm sure a lot of people would enjoy them but I find them a bit hard to listen to after the rest of the album -LRB- on my copy they are tracks # 8 and # 9 , unlike the order Amazon has -RRB- . `` Sledgehammer '' is a great song but I ca n't listen to it without seeing the clay-mation music video in my mind . In my opinion the three best tracks on this album are `` Red Rain '' , `` In Your Eyes '' and `` Mercy Street '' . Looking back on this purchase I would have spend a lot more than what I did knowing that this album is as good as it is . It never gets old . Put this album in and put it on repeat : -RRB-
 This is wonderful album , with several songs alone that deserve five stars -LRB- `` Do n't Give Up '' , featuring the inimitable Kate Bush ; `` Red Rain '' ; and `` In Your Eyes '' come immediately to mind -RRB- . This is my favourite PG record , and it is beautifully remastered here
 This is the only Peter Gabriel CD that I own , yet it still ranks as one of my all-time favorite albums . There are four very evocative songs here
 Peter Gabriel ` sSo , released on the original Geffen Records label in 1986 as a 33 rpm vinyl album had a lot of meaning for this listener . It was the last vinyl LP that I ever bought , and my second CD as I was switching over to that ` new ' medium at the time . I had that CD for many years until it disappeared in a move a few years ago , so it 's been on a personal list to replace since then . And I 'm glad that I waited , as the quality of this new remaster is superb , to put it mildly.If you 're here to just grab this album in MP3 format , be aware that there are two separate versions , and I 'll try to make this simple . Each of the tracks on both albums are 2012 remastered versions , so here is what you 'll find . &#9670; So -LRB- 25th Anniversary Remaster -RRB- 1 . Red Rain ; 5:392 . Sledgehammer ; 5:133 . Do n't Give Up -LRB- featuring Kate Bush -RRB- ; 6:344 . That Voice Again ; 4:495 . Mercy Street ; 6:176 . Big Time ; 4:287 . We Do What We 're Told -LRB- Milgram 's 37 -RRB- -LRB- featuring Laurie Anderson -RRB- ; 3:228 . This Is The Picture -LRB- Excellent Birds -RRB- ; 4:209 . In Your Eyes ; 5:26 &#9670; So -LRB- 25th Anniversary Deluxe Edition -RRB- Disc 1 -LRB- Same tracks as 25th Anniversary Remaster above -RRB- :1 . Red Rain ; 5:392 . Sledgehammer ; 5:133 . Do n't Give Up -LRB- featuring Kate Bush -RRB- ; 6:344 . That Voice Again ; 4:495 . Mercy Street ; 6:176 . Big Time ; 4:287 . We Do What We 're Told -LRB- Milgram 's 37 -RRB- -LRB- featuring Laurie Anderson -RRB- ; 3:228 . This Is The Picture -LRB- Excellent Birds -RRB- ; 4:209 . In Your Eyes ; 5:26 Disc 2 -LRB- Live from Athens 1987 -RRB- :1 . This Is The Picture -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 5:562 . San Jacinto -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 7:263 . Shock The Monkey -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 6:444 . Family Snapshot -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 4:365 . Intruder -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 5:266 . Games Without Frontiers -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 5:297 . No Self Control -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 6:158 . Mercy Street -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 9:159 . The Family And The Fishing Net -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 7:06 Disc 3 -LRB- Live from Athens 1987 -RRB- :1 . Do n't Give Up -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 8:152 . Solsbury Hill -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 5:103 . Lay Your Hands On Me -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 6:144 . Sledgehammer -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 5:065 . Here Comes The Flood -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 2:486 . In Your Eyes -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 10:387 . Biko -LRB- Live -RRB- ; 9:36 The second album starts with the same tracks as the first , but offers Disc 2 and Disc 3 -LRB- obviously taken from the CD versions -RRB- , and offers the live tracks that you see above , all of which came from Gabriel 's double album `` Live in Athens 1987 '' and as you can see , there 's quite a bit more material in the second album . Both of these albums are also available in CD audio format.Peter Gabriel achieved his greatest popularity with songs from this album , and it became the best-selling album of the artist 's career . Diehard fans already know that `` So '' charted at number 1 in the UK Album Chart , and at number 2 on the Billboard 200 in the US after its 1986 release . It 's ranked at number # 14 on Rolling Stone magazine 's list of `` Top 100 Albums of the Eighties '' and for good reason when you listen to the tracks here.Whichever version you pick , you can not go wrong , and these 2012 remastered versions are all excellent .10 / 28/2012
 IT 'S A GREAT CD WITH ALL THE ROMANTIC SONGS THAT WILL MAKE YOU REMEMBER . FRANCO DEVITA AND OTHER GREAT SINGERS WITH GREAT TITLES .
 a pure electronic joy . if you like early TD music go for it . just buy it . it is amazing . just amazing ...
 Froese is back at it with this album from 1978 . It has great sequencers and effects . There are some great melodies laid over awesome backing tracks . I recommend this cd to all fans of Tangerine Dream .
 When I first bought Stuntman way back in 1980 -LRB- on LP , of course -RRB- , it struck me as somewhat mediocre and uninteresting -- certainly not one of Froese 's better efforts . However , twenty years later , I 've changed my opinion somewhat . It certainly is n't Froese 's best album , but in some ways it is his most representative . Surprisingly , it 's worn rather well with time . The song titles are quite in keeping with the Tangerine Dream legacy , and there are two true masterworks here
 The original `` Stuntman '' album by Edgar Froese dated from 1979 . The2003 re-releasecan be told from the older , original version by means of being credited to Edgar W. Froese -LRB- note the middle initial -RRB- and its computer generated jewel-case artwork . -LRB- The original carried a photograph of a crash helmet . -RRB- The track-listing -LRB- and running times -RRB- of the two versions are identical but the music most certainly is not . `` Stuntman '' has always been an altogether more polished affair than many of Edgar Froese 's other solo albums . Happily , too , this album is free from all traces of the ponderous self-indulgence to which solo Froese efforts can be more than a little prone . The tunes here do tend to be a little on the cute side , even for Froese , but at least he seems to have recognised this and , for once , nothing ever outstays its welcome . The lead synthesiser voices tend to be very sweet , too , and so , generally , it all works well and there are no tracks that could be called at all bad on this album.The reworked version has had some more spit and polish applied , with not only substantial remastering of the original recordings to make them carry more punch , but also , in places , additional harmonic layers to thicken up the textures and to add more interest . The treatments have not always worked in the music 's best interest , especially where the origins carried a particular lightness of touch that was quite endearing . By and large , however , I would say that there was never a great deal here to damage in the first place , and most newcomers to this album who are more attuned to modern synthesiser works than to the classic sounds of the late 70s will probably find the heavier-weight later version more to their taste than the original . I do n't doubt that some established Froese fans will feel otherwise.By modern standards the disc is short -- rather less than 45 minutes in total . Its six tracks are all fairly low-key and introspective in nature , something which the remixing has not altered to any extent . Their titles suggest that they were mostly inspired by moments or events of particular personal significance for Froese and as such these tracks would seem to be intended more as musical cameos , rather than major masterpieces . Even in their re-worked form , there are certainly no great lasting artworks here . That said , the greater variety -- in musical style , in overall sound world and in musical pace -- than can be found on others of his solo albums of this period , `` Stuntman '' is one of Froese 's better releases since his early major achievements of `` Aqua '' and `` Epsilon in Malaysian Pale '' -LRB- both of which have been butchered in their 2003 make-overs -RRB- and until the much more mature and accomplished effort of `` Dalinetopia '' . So , while this disc offers nothing that could be called spectacular , lovers of early synthesiser music -- especially of the gentler kind -- could do worse than to turn their lava lamps down low , get into the groove and give this a spin .
 The CD is one of the basic works by Edgar Froese , and is undeniably one of the best . It covers all the musical landscapes Froese invented , and takes the listener into his world . The songs on the CD are very clear and visual imagery comes easy when listening to them . The only problem with it , is that it is hard to find . Top class work , and everything one could expect from music like this from this era .
 `` Stuntman '' , recorded in 1979 , is a straight continuation of ideas developed on earlier albums , `` Macula Transfer '' and `` Ages '' in particular . There is a strong link between the latter album and this one - in fact they could be considered sibling recordings . However , where `` Ages '' was uncombed , `` Stuntman '' is polished to shine ; where the former 's track length was often painfully stretched , the latter features compact compositions that never venture into the realm of self-repetition . One more instantly noticeable change is lack of mellotron instruments , which were still present on `` Ages '' . I think that `` Stuntman '' is one and only album of Edgar Froese that can really be recommended to the widest audience possible , for the eerie atmosphere and more often than not , frivolity - should appeal to listeners outside of the narrow circle of electronic music audiophiles . Stuntman is a pleasant album , containing fresh , innovative music which will never bore the listener , quite to the contrary.The album opens with a cheerful tune , the title track , ` Stuntman ' , which introduces the listener to the whole album . Since this recording is very consistent , one song -LRB- yes , these could be considered instrumental songs ! -RRB- stems from another . ` It Would Be Like Samoa ' is a long composition into which many tunes and impressions were vowen in . In contract to Froese 's previous recordings , there is a wind of change , and every minute brings something new , to our enormous relief . Halfway into the track , the guitar solo is accompanied by synthesizer passages which Froese played live with tangerine Dream a few months later , during the ` Quichotte ' gig in East Berlin , on the 31st of January , 1980 , later released under `` Pergamon '' title . ` Detroit Snackbar Dreamer ' continues ideas explored on the preceding track , with a more than usual dose of melancholy thrown in . `` Stuntman '' as a whole is rather meditative , now and then spiced with cheerful tunes , like the opening ` Stuntman ' and the closing ` Scarlet Score for Mescalero ' . In-between , however , there is one serious composition , strongly hinting at Tangerine Dream 's album `` Tangram '' of 1980 . If anything , ` Drunken Mozart in the Desert ' proves that Froese artistically had still a lot to say at the time , and whatever he had to say , was worth listening to . ` Mozart ' features a beautiful , eerie tune with a slightly bizarre , high-tone rhythm performed on the synthesizer - an unusual background , if there was one . But so much the better ! I think that ` Drunken Mozart in the Desert ' is the best composition of Edgar Froese . After all these years , I always come back to `` Stuntman '' with pleasure , and actually ca n't wait for ` Drunken Mozart ' . It 's a masterpiece .
 After years looking for it , I finally was able to grab a copy of this album . I knew the author of the incredible opus `` Drunken Mozart in the Desert '' was a German composer , and given that it was electronic music , I figured Tangerine Dream was the act that performed it . Close to it ... Edgar Froese was the founder of Tangerine Dream , and here 's that fabulous track , worth the entire album . I do n't know if it 's correct to say that the rest of it is for grabs , but certainly `` Drunken Mozart ... '' is by far the best song in the entire album .
 I was looking for my first Tangerine Dream LP and the record store had about twenty different from which to choose . I have heard some of their stuff via mp3 like Rubycon , and it did n't really get to me , but Im starting to buy vinyl again because I missed the album format . I told the clerk my situation and he suggested this one even though it 's a solo album.So I got home and put this on the turntable and it 's awesom , really great . At first it sounded a bit too `` electronic '' but I soon fell into Froese 's enjoyable trance and had turned the record over and listened to the whole thing but barely consciously . It felt good . Reminds me of Eno 's album in this vein . Album art is cool as well . Great movie btw
 The original `` Stuntman '' album by Edgar Froese dated from 1979 . The2003 re-releasecan be told from the older , original version by means of being credited to Edgar W. Froese -LRB- note the middle initial -RRB- and its computer generated jewel-case artwork . -LRB- The original carried a photograph of a crash helmet . -RRB- The track-listing -LRB- and running times -RRB- of the two versions are identical but the music most certainly is not . `` Stuntman '' has always been an altogether more polished affair than many of Edgar Froese 's other solo albums . Happily , too , this album is free from all traces of the ponderous self-indulgence to which solo Froese efforts can be more than a little prone . The tunes here do tend to be a little on the cute side , even for Froese , but at least he seems to have recognised this and , for once , nothing ever outstays its welcome . The lead synthesiser voices tend to be very sweet , too , and so , generally , it all works well and there are no tracks that could be called at all bad on this album.The reworked version has had some more spit and polish applied , with not only substantial remastering of the original recordings to make them carry more punch , but also , in places , additional harmonic layers to thicken up the textures and to add more interest . The treatments have not always worked in the music 's best interest , especially where the origins carried a particular lightness of touch that was quite endearing . By and large , however , I would say that there was never a great deal here to damage in the first place , and most newcomers to this album who are more attuned to modern synthesiser works than to the classic sounds of the late 70s will probably find the heavier-weight later version more to their taste than the original . I do n't doubt that some established Froese fans will feel otherwise.By modern standards the disc is short -- rather less than 45 minutes in total . Its six tracks are all fairly low-key and introspective in nature , something which the remixing has not altered to any extent . Their titles suggest that they were mostly inspired by moments or events of particular personal significance for Froese and as such these tracks would seem to be intended more as musical cameos , rather than major masterpieces . Even in their re-worked form , there are certainly no great lasting artworks here . That said , the greater variety -- in musical style , in overall sound world and in musical pace -- than can be found on others of his solo albums of this period , `` Stuntman '' is one of Froese 's better releases since his early major achievements of `` Aqua '' and `` Epsilon in Malaysian Pale '' -LRB- both of which have been butchered in their 2003 make-overs -RRB- and until the much more mature and accomplished effort of `` Dalinetopia '' . So , while this disc offers nothing that could be called spectacular , lovers of early synthesiser music -- especially of the gentler kind -- could do worse than to turn their lava lamps down low , get into the groove and give this a spin .
 I think that of the few solo albums by Tangerine Dream founder Edgar Froese that I have heard , this 1979 release is quite good , and shows Edgar firing on all cylinders . In general , I was pretty impressed with the arrangements , which -LRB- when gauged relative to other works of electronica -RRB- are fairly involved musically and thematically and show Edgar giving a vague nod in the direction of progressive electronica . Although speculative , he may have been influenced by the almost `` prog rock '' sound on the contemporaneous Tangerine Dream album Force Majeure.While there are bits of Force Majeure and the excellent Tangerine Dream album Tangram -LRB- 1980 -RRB- scattered throughout , Stuntman does not really sound like either . The keyboard instruments used include some great sounding string synthesizers , in addition to newer synthesizers that -LRB- at the time -RRB- were considered cutting edge . Overall , Edgar favors warm synth tone colors . Edgar also throws some electric guitar playing into the mix here and there , and in contrast with Force Majeure , drums and percussion are not featured as prominently . The rhythmic element is largely provided by throbbing sequencers . Although the general mood of the music is contemplative and at times spacey , the interesting arrangements and nice melodies really held my attention - all of the tracks are generally of high quality.Although this is not a remastered version and the liner notes are pretty skimpy , the sound quality is not bad at all.All in all , this is a fine album of progressive electronica by Edgar Froese and should appeal to Tangerine Dream fans that enjoyed Force Majeure and Tangram .
 Goddamn they have done a good job with this DVD!A performance video is its own beast , and not every great band has a sense of what should be included on a video like this . Too often , underground bands think someone will actually be interested in their one-angle , head-on , color-bled Handy-cam footage.Not so here . The video quality varies a lot , but they have composed the whole package in such a way that the low-quality video looks intentional - or at least atmospheric . Some of it looks absolutely spectacular , though , and the 70 minute Oceanic-era show from Sydney is on par with anything on MTV . The sound quality is uniformly excellent and the Celestial-era material , recorded at CBGB 's in NYC in 2001 , actually sounds better here than it does on that record . -LRB- It helps that there is this awesome bald guy in the audience absolutely flipping out to it . He 's more into it than the band . He almost makes me uncomfortable . -RRB- This captures everything that makes ISIS so fantastic live . The audio production is impressive , the live material is different from the original versions , the band is very tight . The only thing that suffers a bit in performance are Aaron Turner 's vocals , which are frequently buried in the mix . Of course , his schizophrenic voice sets a ridiculously high bar for the sound engineer , and it probably could n't have been done better.The music video for In Fiction does n't do justice to the song , but it makes the best out of what must have been a pretty shoe-string budget.The graphic design is gorgeous - both packaging and the the DVD titles are top-notch and fit the material perfectly . Best of all , there is enough other material here to fill a coffee table book
 I think this is an awesome DVD . Capturing ISIS they way they were meant to be seen . The live performances are usually filmed from pretty good vantage points -LRB- expecially the full performance -RRB- although there may be one or two songs that show the band from just one view . As I said before the full performance on the DVD is awesome . Great shots of the band playing maybe 7 or 8 songs . The audio is also great quality . The DVD as a whole seems to be a pretty good representation of ISIS . The overall layout of the DVD and packaging are right on with what you 'd expect from the band . But I give it four stars due to the lack -LRB- or mediocrity -RRB- of the extras on the DVD . Pick this up if you 're an ISIS fan .
 This is a classic DVD with no new material in it.So its suggested that only if you have heard the older albums should you buy this DVD.However its more of experimenting with their own songs rather than playing them originally.The twists in the songs are enjoyable and the quality does not let you down.I was a little dissapinted as there was no backstage footage or Interviews of the artistes included but I guess thats what the band is all about ...
 I was wating a long time for Clearing the Eye . I have been a Isis fan since the Celestial days . I was a fan Neurosis before and stumbled onto Isis via a Neurosis search one day online . This dvd is good not great . I say that because there is always going to be room for improvement . Isis did a very good job on production of the inbetween graphics and menu details . Audio in it is good not great . The dvd is a lot better than what most bands put out in my opinoun . I really enjoyed the full set of Panopticon towards the end of the dvd . If you are a Isis fan then you should enjoy the shows that they have collected and put together . Solid music dvd , I hope this helped .
 This live collection is a must for any fan of ISIS . They do a great job of providing some older footage from their earlier albums and then there is the full live set where they play cuts from ` Oceanic ' and ` Pantopticon . ' I 've seen them live recently and this DVD is a nice compliment to their music .
 ISIS have successfully produced an example of how a rock DVD shold be . There are n't any flashy tricks , no stupid angles , no cheese , just footage of the band playing in a very straightforward , uncompromising way . And that 's refreshing compared to so many other band DVDs.In all honesty , a band that did n't have a strong live act could n't pull this type of DVD off . Really , you 're just getting footage of the band playing some stuff from their catalogue . No dancers , no pyro-work , no lasers or light tricks , just the band playing . It 's all that 's needed to make viewing this worthwhile .
 If you are wanting to straight up rock your face off , I would strongly suggest you pick up this one !
 What this DVD is all about is the entire live concert from Australia . It 's hard to capture the live experience of ISIS with a 2D format , but this comes close . The bass vibrates the camera and the sweat drips from the brow ... . This one section is over 70 minutes long and the set list is from almost all the releases , but mostly panapticon -LRB- which in my opinon is the best one anyway , including the latest -RRB- . Buy it , you wo n't be disspointed ! The sonic quality is amazing for a live DVD .
 Long time fan of the band , well , sort of . This DVD allows a unique experience to be beheld by anyone who has never seen them perform and a nice reminder for those that have seen them . The production is very well done for the most part , the CBGB songs -LRB- I think ... it 's been a while since I watched this last -RRB- are a bit off visual/audio , but that 's relatively easy to get past . The song selection is great , the In Fiction video is . well ... low budget but interesting . I do not like the way they dissected the song , I wish they had left it as is , but that 's alright . They explain in the extensive liner notes that they decided to make a video somewhat on a whim , and that 's a little obvious upon viewing it.Overall , this is a great product for any Isis fan . I think it 'd be a great starting point for anyone new to Isis as well , as it contains a compelation of songs on their albums and really shows what Isis is about .
 Clearing the eye is a true caption of isis live . I have seen them play in cambridge mass at the middle east and the shows captured remind me of that time . the sound quality is quality . sounds as if removed directly from the sound board . The dvd quality is also very good .
 I could go on here for ages about what makes this one of the finest DVDs I have ever seen but I wo n't . Just buy it . If you are disappointed then I will refund your money ... well , ah we know that wo n't happen ... but it is n't going to be an issue . Enjoy !
 This has got to be the best music DVD i have ever seen . The sound is awesome , the songs rule , and of course it 's freakin ' ISIS . The best band in the world ! Oh and get ` In the Absence of Truth ' if you can find it on the net , it 's simply amazing , it makes Tool seem almost pointless . Ca n't want for it to offically come out , to add to the ISIS collection .
 When I bought this CD I was sure I was bringing home something different to hear . The `` powerful voice '' on the title made me think of some soul queen or something like that . I even thought she was some American new singer ... But what a big surprise ! Leny is Brazilian , and her voice is universal , as so are the songs she chose . You wo n't believe it when you hear it ! The best interpretation for Jezebel , Granada and El Cubanchero . Ever . Eversong .
 If you loved `` Sintesis 2 '' -LRB- Qbadisc , 1994 -RRB- and its brilliant blend of traditional AfroCuban/Santeria rhythms with modern rock elements , `` Orishas '' is a good place to start next . I particularly love the soulful singing of Ele Valdes on Tracks 1 , 4 , 5 , 6 and 9 . `` Orishas '' is another fine effort from this unique , groundbreaking outfit .
 Frankie Halfpint Jaxon can sings the blues
 This CD combines the pumped up base of Rage Against the Machine and the drummer skills of Fat Mike from NOFX . The lyrics are sung with great vocals and are sure to get you off your feet . Dealing with the problem of teenagers in today 's society it 's tunes are great for moshing or just chilling with friends . This band has serious talent and is sure to go far .
 Impressive debut from a young J-Zone , love the beats and guest spots . Hes a funny guy that doesnt take himself seriously , cracks me up every time I listen to his stuff .
 I love all the cd 's I got form Amazon.com I have been looking for Ken Holloway in store but never had found them.I started looking for Ken Holloway on Amazon.com and found alot of his cd 's . . Thanks Tammy
 I heard Ella Leya 's Kabbalistic Prayer song on a Northwest Airlines in-flight music station of all places . This music really stood out from the standard homogenized fare one gets during a flight . I was transfixed at her beautiful voice and her blend of eastern and western musical influences . Expecting to find a complete CD of similar musical sounds , I ordered the CD from Amazon . I was pleasantly surprised to find the CD contained a diverse spectrum of music and influences like word beat , middle east , Russian , jazz and rock . ` Sorry ' and ` Kabbalistic Prayer ' and ` Little Boy ' are clearly my favourite tracks on this CD , but Leya 's decidedly change of pace rocker ` Queen of Night ' -LSB- Cher
 I was knocked out and flat out thrilled with the moving music and lyrics of Ella Leya 's `` Queen of the Night . '' The songs had a haunting quality and were extremely touching . I particularly enjoyed the track titled `` Fish Mario . '' It truly touched a nerve in me!I would HIGHLY recommend this gifted artist to any music fan !
 I received Ella 's CD as a gift , and I was simply amazed by the emotion and power felt from listening to this CD . The music is outstanding ; calming , yet invigorating . It makes you want to smile , laugh , cry , and sing along all at the same moment . I can listen to Ella 's music while driving in the car , getting dressed in the morning , studying , and relaxing . It is simply amazing . I ca n't wait to hear more of Ella Leya 's work . She is truly a wondrful singer , with a voice that is like none other , and her words are all her own . I wish her good luck , and I am anxious to hear more from Ella.Everyone should pick up a copy . It is undoubtedly worth it !
 Ella Leya 's Queen of the Night is hard to categorize - is it pop or jazz or cabaret ? Are its origins Russian or Arabic or Jewish ? The enchantment of this album comes from the mixture and juxtaposition of styles . Like the lyrics , the voice itself is sometimes joyous , sometimes haunting . I think most listeners will find themselves drawn deeper and deeper into the complex world of this enchanting music .
 This CD is amazing ! I am impressed by the range of emotions Ella Leya expresses and by the many musical styles she draws from and shapes into a sound that is entirely unique and new . Most of all , this is an emotional journey that will have you alternately dancing , crying , tapping your toes , reflecting ... This is truly a masterful piece of work . The Kabbalistic Prayer is hauntingly beautiful , and the more modern songs are progressive yet touchingly truthful .
 Wonderful poetry , interesting , slightly sad , personal , diverse , including some fragments -LRB- choral -RRB- in RussianInstrumental arrangments innovative , fusing pop sounds with Eastern colors and instruments -LRB- Ud ? , Balalaika , Dombra ? -RRB- The voice on the CD is intimate , powerful , very personal , sounds distinguish this CD from many pop recordings ; some jazz elementsFavorite songs
 I just bought a copy of Ella Leya 's CD , Queen of Night , and found it one of the finest I 've heard in a long time . The CD is so eclectic , weaving seemingly diverse pieces into one collage of emotion that just lifts me to a higher plane . I commiserate with her during Long Night and Do n't You Know ? and cry with her when I hear He 's Just a Little Boy.I listen to the CD over and over while exercising on the treadmill or bicycle . It keeps me moving and raises my spirit . We will give copies of her CD to our very best friends and family for Christmas . This is what music is all about . It stirs your soul and forces you to introspect deeply into your inner self until you understand your essence and fully appreciate your goals and aspirations.I eagerly anticipate a new CD soon and hope Ella Leya becomes a widely listened to artist . She is superb ; I 'd love to meet her in person .
 Ella Leya 's artistry is just waiting to be discovered ! This CD is one of the most startling surprises for taste , eclectic influences , and simply beautiful music . Ella can spin the most accessible pop tune , such as in `` Do n't You Know '' and then mesmerize the listener with the haunting middle-eastern sounding rhythm and soul of `` Kabbalistic Prayer '' . I ca n't believe that `` Queen of Night '' will not be picked up by a major artist and one day soon become a # 1 hit on the pop charts . This CD is a must-listen and I am sure that many like reviews will be coming soon . It 's a must-buy !!!!
 Ella Leya 's CD is great . the diverse musical instruments , innovative composition , and topped by purely beautiful singing of the singer herself , make this a top CD and one i would recommend to anyone looking for something new and good .
 nice cd , it has a really good sound , and appeals to a varitey of tastes of music ... i recommend that everybody buy it .
 On Standing Ovation -LRB- title inspired by the acoustic Ovation guitars Coryell played at the time -RRB- , the guitarist performs mostly solo `` against himself '' . Among Coryells acoustic guitar recordings from the 70s like the ones live at Montreux , on `` Bolero '' or with Beck/Scofield , this one stands out in sound -LRB- which can be described as chrystal-clear -RRB- , and in song quality - most of the compositions are entertaining but sophisticated beautifully interpreted . Some have actually quite a `` hit quality '' ... Two weird tracks -LRB- Coryell playing solo piano -RRB- , and a loosely composed duet with an Indian sitar player -RRB- stand out , but the other songs are worth hearing a 1000 times . For me , one of Coryells best recordings ever .
 One of LC 's best records . Him playing solo Acoustic , mostly double tracked , solo on rhythm track . Coryell shows his mastery of his unique ` jazz twang ' tunes studded with speedy riffing , meditative improvs on Ravel and Vaughn Williams , and a piano isolo . L. Subramanium , the South Indian violinist plays on the last track , creating the first of many duets that they eventally recored on subsequent releases .
 Oh , boy , this is luscious ! Sometimes I do n't make it past the Griffes -LRB- the first piece in line -RRB- before I 've just about overdosed . That 's about 23 minutes of first rate impressionistic escapism ; if you like Debussy 's Prelude to an Afternoon of a Faun , or Ibert 's Escales , this is a must-buy . As noted elsewhere , this is the first recording of the completely orchestrated Roman Sketches , and the new orchestrations are excellent.The Korngold ... it 's very good Korngold , but not everybody goes for Korngold . He can push right up to the edge of saccharine , and it 's a matter of personal taste as to whether or not he crosses the line . I have n't completely decided on the Serenade presented here , although fans will adore it , I 'm sure . But I do n't care ... I 'm in for the Griffes 100 % , and I recommend it heartily to you , too . If you do n't know Korngold 's music very well , this is also a pretty good place to start -LRB- although I like the Symphony better , myself -RRB- . Sound is , indeed , demonstration quality .
 This wonderful record from ASV , in perfect sound , features an unknown -LRB- to me -RRB- Italian conductor , Simone Pittau , who rose from the ranks of orchestral musician specializing in movie music . That background comes in handy in Korngold 's Symphonic Serenade , which contains music originally written for Hollywood film scores to Captain Blood and Anthony Adverse As you 'd expect from the source , this is ripely melodic music with lush harmonies -- if you 're looking for a souped-up successor to the string serenades of Dvorak and Tchaikovsky , Korngold 's is even more sweetly romantic . The strings of the LSO play beautifully.Charles Griffes was a precocious American who died tragically young , at 35 , leaving behind piano versions of four Roman Sketches that he was in the process of orchestrating . The White Peacock , which is the first sketch , is Griffes 's best-known work , but the others , newly orchestrated , are equally lovely in their simplified Debussyan mode . Griffes already was a master of mood and atmosphere , and although his idiom is gentle , without many strong episodes , it 's beautifully crafted.In all , this overlooked and obscure disc contains some extremely enjoyable post-Romantic music that wears a velvet heart on its sleeve .
 I first heard Rich on -LSB- ... -RSB- . I found out he was playing locally and make arrangements to go see him live . What a show !! He is very talented , and a nice guy to boot . I bought the CD 's he had available at the show and the other one from Amazon . Rich has a very different sound and his music is incredible . Buy this CD !!
 Saw this group live and bought the album on the spot . Rich Goldstein has a very clean sound and is great to hear live if you live in the bay area . The covers of `` I Wish '' and `` Behind Closed Doors '' are worth the price of the album by themselves .
 Bought this disc on total intuition and found it to be full of totally refreshing and honest sounds , a lotta cool slide stuff . Especially liked their title song , Little Muddy .
 While fans may argue whether or not the two albums comprising this disc are among Carnes ' best , it 's the combination of rare and previously unreleased material here that makes it a must-buy . `` St Vincent 's Court '' was previously available on an Australian CD , but is long out of print . `` Romance Dance '' has never appeared in it 's entirety in a licensed digital disc . `` St Vincent 's Court '' was Carnes ' debut for EMI America , released in 1979 . Though it was her fourth solo album , many people still had n't heard of Kim at this point . Like her earlier platters , this album was a folksy mix of balladry and light Pop . The album was n't a commercial success , spawning only a minor -LRB- Billboard Pop # 56 -RRB- hit in `` It Hurts So Bad . '' But as fans know , this album has plenty of charms . Upbeat tunes are sprinkled liberally among the ballads , so the tempo never lingers long in one place . Produced in association with Kim and husband Dave Ellingson , SVC is a great mixture of homespun harmonies and memorable tunes . `` Romance Dance '' ups the ante set by SVC , with producer George Tobin , Rock guitar and a thumping rhythm section . There really is n't a difference in the quality of material from SVC to RD , despite the cover tunes and the radio-ready production for the latter . That 's why I think these albums complement each other in this CD . `` Romance Dance '' seemed to offer a compromise of sorts
 Kim Carnes released her EMI-America debut , St. Vincent 's Court in 1979 . BEFORE : Kim Carnes was a seasoned songwriter . Her songs had been performed by the likes of Barbra Streisand . However , she had n't had too much success as a solo artist although she had made the top 40 the previous year.AFTER : The album was not a success , however it spawned one country-rock classic with It Hurts So Bad . Critics knew however that there was something special brewing with her.St . Vincent 's Court was more country-tinged than Kim 's later 80 's ventures with EMI-America . The album is a great showcase for Kim 's raspy voice -LRB- is it me , or does she sound identically to Rod Stewart on It Hurts So Bad ? -RRB- . Nothing essential , but still , a worthy album to own.Kim followed this up with Romance Dance in June 1980 . BEFORE : Having some country-pop success with It Hurts So Bad and Do n't Fall In Love With A Dreamer . Kim was a sure thing in the music industry as a songwriter.AFTER : with her new style , Kim Carnes proved she was a rising star . She scored a top 10 smash with More Love , and also came close to the top 40 with Cry Like A Baby . The addition of synthesizers to her repitoire worked in her favor , as Romance Dance was a success.As a lover of Kim Carnes ' 80 's synth-driven pop , Romance Dance is where it all began . This album is every bit as good as Mistaken Identity and better than Voyeur -LRB- though I consider Cafe Racers her best -RRB- . Her version of More Love made you forget about Smokey Robinson for the 31/2 minutes.Neither albums are quite that famous to music history buffs , but Kim is a great underrated singer-songwriter who deserves to have people go back and discover her catalog . So much more to her than Bette Davis Eyes
 This CD includes 4 charted Billboard hits : -LRB- 1 -RRB- `` It Hurts So Bad '' -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` Cry Like A Baby '' -LRB- 3 -RRB- `` More Love '' -LRB- 4 -RRB- `` Dont Fall In Love With A Dreamer '' -LRB- duet with Kenny Rogers -RRB- This CD includes songs co-written by Kim Carnes which were covered by several artists : -LRB- 1 -RRB- `` What Am I Gon na Do '' - covered by Brenda Lee -LRB- Take Me Back - 1980 -RRB- ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` Stay Away '' - covered by Barbra Streisand -LRB- Songbird 1978 -RRB- and Engelbert Humperdinck -LRB- Do n't you Love Me Anymore - 1981/Songs Of Romance - 1996 -RRB- ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- `` Paris Without You '' - covered by Don Potter . -LRB- 4 -RRB- `` It Hurts So Bad '' - covered by Span Elizabeth and Big Nick & The Cydecis -LRB- Born Half Wild -RRB- ; -LRB- 5 -RRB- `` Changin ' '' - covered by Sami Jo . -LRB- 6 -RRB- `` And Still Be Loving You '' - covered by Don Potter -LRB- Over The Rainbow -RRB- and Brian Taylor -LRB- Brian Taylor , 1977 -RRB- . This CD contains the movie-theme of `` Washington Mistress ''
 How could you not love it ? The double set saves half the storage space . A &#34; must &#34; for any Kim Carnes fan .
 I used to have most of these songs on vinyl . I particularly love `` Jamaica Sunday Morning '' . That song really takes me back .
 This is the only release of Romance Dance on CD and it is a classic . This release is two albums recored on one CD ... so I queston if the sound quality suffers a bit by cramming 21 songs on one CD . Amazon 's version is over priced -- look to buy from one of the other vendors for 1/2 the price for the exact same CD .
 This is one of my all time favorite CD 's . It is a compilation of other CD 's they have made , and I think they have picked the best.Lord of the Heavens and I Give You My Heart are my 2 favorite tracks.Buy this CD , and come into the presence of the Lord .
 I loved The Verve , repeat , I loved The Verve . I , like most , found Richard 's first solo disc a bit , well , disappointing . It did have it 's moments , I thought `` Brave New World '' , `` C'Mon People '' and You On My Mind In My Sleep '' were all great tunes . But no , it really was n't Urban Hymns was it . It is just now that I feel that is OK . Let 's all face it , Richard is in a much different place now ... wife , baby , freedom , those things make a big difference in one 's life.With Human Conditions , he continues on the same sort of road . The songs are very well thought out , very personal and very good . I think this is a stronger post Verve effort than `` Alone With Everbody '' . He starts the album off again with the first single , `` Check The Meaning '' , it is quite good . The best part of the song is the moment that familar voice kicks right in with a hook that is very catchy . The rest of the record follows suit , again a more serious affair , but that does n't make it too heavy on the soul . I esp . like the uplifting track , `` Science of Silence '' , it is a nice string heavy tune with a nice message . I also enjoy , `` Buy It In Bottles '' , it is one of the best things his done on his own for sure.All in all , `` Human Conditions '' is a great record . Just do n't think of it as a return of The Verve , If you still want it to be a Verve record , think of it more like Urban Hymns , without the drugs , and fighting of course .
 Richard Ashcroft has proved with his solo work that he is on a serious spritual quest . It 's not really sure whether if this is a religious awakening as much as a general search for a deeper meaning in life . This is conveyed by the pain and ache in Ashcroft 's voice . This happens when you get to be thirty . The songwriting is stronger if not more convincing of his own preoccupations on this second solo record . Songs like `` Check The Meaning '' and `` Science of Silence '' are improvements from `` Alone With Everybody '' two years ago . He has moved on artistically with the help of the great Brian Wilson -LRB- ex-Beach Boys -RRB- and Talvin Singh . The albums with The Verve offered a lot of promise , and by 1998 , they were England 's biggest rock and roll band . Recently , Ashcroft 's work with The Chemical Brothers or DJ Shadow have n't colored his own solo work though . It is firmly rooted in folk music and soul music
 More of the same from the ex - verve frontman . Another mostly downbeat album that relies on introspective lyrics and lush production . Nice precussion from Talvin Singh also . I highly recommend this cd to fans of Ashcrofts first and previous verve albums .
 If I were ever asked to list the most underrated albums of all time - Human Conditions would definitely make the top 5 . Where did this one come from ? Stuck between the Rock 'n' roll champagne of Alone with Everybody and the down-to-earth sounds of Keys to the World , Human Conditions seems the odd one out . At a glance . Looking closer we may discern the slow shimmering of a treasure room full of beautifully crafted gems . Science of Silence is one . Simply stated , it is Ashcroft 's most inspired existential anthem . `` We are on the rock , spinning silently ... `` Introspective and philosophical . Psychedelic and highly melodic at the same time . Thought-provoking and deeply spiritual . This is an album about me , you , and everybody else on the third rock from the Sun - about human conditions . This is Ashcroft 's most mature and personal work of art - A Northern Soul of the 2000s . The soaring strings , naughty guitar licks , and swirling ambiences thrive in Chris Potter 's densely populated production . The themes are as old as the world
 This is a very good , if not excellent , sophomore effort by Ashcroft . Always poetic , cynical and insightful , Ashcroft embodies the spirit of Johnny Cash , Jim Morrison , and Bob Dylan with mellowness and a brooding sensitivity . His lyrics definitely require that you do some thinking and reflecting . The sweeping orchestral arrangements elevate the otherwise depressed mood of some songs , although there are fewer such arrangements than in his previous album ` Alone with Everybody ' . This album is definitely more mature lyrically , but its mood is more mellow and melancholy . It digs deeper into the meaning of life , the nature of God and spirituality , whereas ` Alone with Everybody ' was not as focused lyrically . Overall I would recommend this album to anyone familiar the Verve and with Ashcroft 's earlier works , and to people in search of meaning in their music .
 If you are looking for `` pop-fluff '' this is not the CD for you . This is definately a deeper , more reflective Richard Ashcroft . I found this CD can be enjoyed on many levels - easy-listening background music to `` check the meaning '' deepness . Richard Ashcroft is truly talented on many musical levels . I applaud this effort to expand and grow in new and different directions . Bravo RA !!! ...
 This 2nd album from Richard Ascroft is definitely better and deeper than `` Alone With Everybody '' . Ascroft still shows that he one of the best songwriters of his time . The only thing this lacks is the sound . Maybe Ashcorft does n't want to sound like his old band , the Verve , but you have to admit , this album would be a classic if done in the classic verve stlye , with Nick McCabe droning guitars , and a bit of echoed-out lyrics . Another thing is that at times , the album tends to get poppy , especially in the last track , Miracle . There are bits of music here and there , that sound a bit like some Robbie Williams song , which is n't a good thing.To me , the best track is Science of Silience , and the very beginning sounds like the Bill Withers song Lean On Me . To put it in a nutshell , this album lyrically , like all of Richard 's work , is amazing , but I would like some of the music to a bit harder here and there -LRB- with the exception of Bright Lights , the only remotely hard song on the album -RRB- . And even though , again , Ashcroft 's work is great , it simply is n't the verve . So Richard , do me a favor , call up your old pals , and start the pheonomon that was the verve all over again .
 As Chris Martin said once
 Seems like many Verve/Ashcroft fans trashed this CD in the reviews , which I can not understand . I do n't see a huge difference between this and Alone with Everybody so I am not sure what people are hearing when they tell people to stick with Alone and not even buy Human.I was hooked with the opening riff of Check the Meaning . The problem is that most people are comparing him to his own insanely high standards and if the CD is not perfect it seems as if people just dropped it.It does take some time to grab you , there are some songs to cut , but overall there are not nearly enough artists , especially in the US , who write with such deep introspection , revealing himself for all , and with such respect for art over money , for anyone to trash this CD . Urban Hymns is flawless , a 12 out of 10 , so by comaprison Human is maybe an 8 but better than 99 % of the garbage out there today.Are some song too long ? Yes , Overproduced and obviously trying too hard at points ? Could it have been edited and a bit more raw ? Yup , A little G-d and Savior Complex by Richard ? Of course , but there is magic in his emotions , lyrics , and music - If you expect perfection you are bound to be let down but if you listen closely to this CD , spend some time with it , you will most definitely be rewarded.And , I do n't think it was released in the US , not sure about sales in UK , but if he is not supported you can expect him , and similar artists to go away while we true music fans get trounced by the mass marketed , over-produced , billion dollar , souless , hip-hop , rap-rock , and pop artists - reviewers here seem very inteliigent and educated and of course have a 100 % right to their opinion but be careful - go ahead , trash Human , spread the word , convince others not to buy it and be first online when all we are offered is the next Britney or Ludicris CD .
 To all you -LSB- people -RSB- who put down this album ... . This is an incredible album from a real deep and spiritual dude . . 99 % of the -LSB- stuff -RSB- that is put out these days does n't say a thing . . This macho American rock is the worst . . and I was bored and raised here . I 'll always be a sucker for Brit-pop . The Verve were his starting point . . This music is the point . . Do n't miss this one . . Peace and LOve ...
 One thing is sure
 `` Alone with everybody '' Richard Ashcrofts first album is quite dreadful , but `` Human Conditions '' is a completely different record , much more reminicent of `` The Verve '' and something new as well.Definitley worth getting .
 This 2nd album from Richard Ascroft is definitely better and deeper than `` Alone With Everybody '' . Ascroft still shows that he one of the best songwriters of his time . The only thing this lacks is the sound . Maybe Ashcorft does n't want to sound like his old band , the Verve , but you have to admit , this album would be a classic if done in the classic verve stlye , with Nick McCabe droning guitars , and a bit of echoed-out lyrics . Another thing is that at times , the album tends to get poppy , especially in the last track , Miracle . There are bits of music here and there , that sound a bit like some Robbie Williams song , which is n't a good thing.To me , the best track is Science of Silience , and the very beginning sounds like the Bill Withers song Lean On Me . To put it in a nutshell , this album lyrically , like all of Richard 's work , is amazing , but I would like some of the music to a bit harder here and there -LRB- with the exception of Bright Lights , the only remotely hard song on the album -RRB- . And even though , again , Ashcroft 's work is great , it simply is n't the verve . So Richard , do me a favor , call up your old pals Nick and Simon -LRB- cause pete already works with you -RRB- , and start the pheonomon that was the verve all over again .
 Richard Ashcorft is by far one of the best song writers of today 's meaningful music . His solo efforts only show how much he had contributed to Verve material as the songs are just as groovy/catchy as ever . Pay attention to `` C'mon people we 're making it now '' and `` Science of Silence '' . Anthems of a generation .
 Why is this masterpiece not available in the U.S yet ?
 Yeah , right on Richard . I really dig where he 's coming from . Trying to find himself in a crazy world of contradictions . He seems to be taking his supreme awareness and spiritual values and throwing them up to try to comprehend how the world can still be so caught in confusion , despite what weve seen and know.Sounds like Richards got a good handle on where hes at . `` Buy it in Bottles '' is a good example of that , singing he `` Knows it all too well '' , and as on the first , momentus track , `` Check the Meaning '' he seems to be challenging or calling the listener to find some peace and love , with such a gritty passion . He really takes us there on `` Paradise '' , wow what a moving song.Time and again , Richard Ashcroft takes us to new heights of human passion and feeling , but hes not about to get lost on some poppy , clever trip . he stays true to his path right the way through , stating his intention with `` Man on a Mission '' . This album takes me through the human condition as ive been feeling it for the last few years . Richard Ashcroft is aware and tuned in to the planetary vibes here , and its reassuring to hear his confessions on `` Running Away '' and `` Lord I 've Been Trying '' , the latter destined to send chills up your spin with moments of supreme cosmic rock equal or surpassing of anything by the Verve.It all ends with the beautiful yoga of `` Nature is the Law '' and possibly the only time where this album really indulges into anything contrived with the beach boy harmonies . but a great and positive edning to an album thats taken me many many listen to fully take in.this is deep , cosmic stuff , oozing with passion and compassion . True to human conditions but i 'd say also transcendant with a knowing beyond the human , beyond this world ...
 This , the second solo album by Richard Ashcroft , seems to me to be a far deeper and engaging effort than his prior solo release _ Alone with Everybody _ . Musically , the album treads the same orchestral-country-folk-rock of the former album , but there are a few surprises.As noted by most other reviewers here , questions of God , spirituality and religion dominate the lyrical focus of the album ; Ashcroft seems to oscillate between paganism -LRB- `` Buy it in Bottles '' -RRB- , existentialism -LRB- `` Science of Silence '' and `` Nature is the Law '' -RRB- , and Christianity -LRB- `` Check the Meaning '' and `` Lord I 've Been Trying '' -RRB- . This should not be taken to be any sort of syncretism on the part of Ashcroft ; rather , one gets the feeling that in the lyrics on this album one gets a real insight into the heart and mind of someone who is searching and knows some of the different systems of thought that exist today.Musically , this album still has the same country twinge to it that _ Alone with Everybody _ had . However , Ashcroft also appears to be experimenting a bit more . Namely `` Bright Lights '' which sounds more like something that Spiritualized would have done ; `` Nature is the Law '' sounds like Ashcroft meets Elvis meets Pet Sounds-era Beach Boys . The album begins and ends with songs of urgency - `` Check the Meaning '' which recalls `` A Song for the Lovers '' on _ Alone with Everybody _ and `` The Miracle '' which has an almost funk-club feel.The musical growth on this album is welcome . The seeking that Ashcroft is doing is a welcome addition to the current canon of popular music . Although I would love it if the orchestral element was stripped back considerably and if the album picked up tempo - it is musically mellow for the most part - in the end this is a good CD that is worth listening to , not just for the music but for the lyrics . Ashcroft wonders if God is listening to him ; I believe He is . The rest of us would be wise to do the same .
 Albums such as Human Conditions are a rare find these days . You wo n't find any radio friendly tracks that initially suck you in , but what you will find is an album full of emotional , fantastically written songs that define The Verve and Richard Ashcroft . I can not recommend this album strongly enough .
 I think this album is really great . I am a HUGE fan of Alone with Everybody and I feel this album is just as great . Like any other album there is a track or two which you may skip -LRB- depending on your mood -RRB- . If you like anything by Richard Ashcroft this album is for you . Simply great music to enjoy in any state of mind .
 My favorite song `` Science of Silence '' . Trying to explain it could never do it justice . Just beauty personified . Music is amazingly beautiful . Thanks Sir Richard .
 Richard Ashcroft , as confirmed by Christ Martin of Coldplay , is the best , most gifted , most talented singer/songwriter of his generation . From his classic and timeless work with The Verve , to his amazing solo debut `` Alone With Everybody '' , to `` Human Condition '' and `` Keys To The World '' , Ashcroft shines brightest ! Human Condition continues Ashcroft quest for self-discovery , God , faith , love and redemption . Is n't that everyone 's story ? Pick up Alone With Everybody and his latest Keys To The World . . this man 's music is like candy to one 's soul!To those looking for The Verve ... this is not it ; neither was `` Alone With Everybody or Keys To The World . '' You want The Verve ? Then go buy `` FOUR '' . . it is amazing !
 This is an unbelievably wonderful and satisfying album . It is a perfect companion to Urban Hymns , which I listen to frequently . I like Human Conditions even more than Alone with Everybody , which is a good album in itself.I almost did not buy Human Conditions due to the bad reviews . Am I ever glad I did . Just goes to show , even amongst fans , there are different tastes.Try the album for yourself .
 This beautiful presentation is put together from scriptures in the Bible to form a love letter from the ` Heavenly Father . ' Like a letter from a father to a child it ministers to someone who is searching for meaning in their life . It reflects the beauty of God 's creation and His ultimate Love for His children . He 's always faithful and will NEVER leave you . There is a flash version of this video on-line at fathersloveletter.com . If you need to know a loving Father then I recommend this highly .
 This is one of the best DVDs I have ever watched . I gained a new understanding of how much God loves me through this video .
 Unlike another CD purporting to Be Lolita 's Greatest Hits , this THREE CD set is the real deal , containing 47 songs mostly her famous Sea Songs for which she became so renown after `` Seemann '' but also her other hits , like the Stolz songs and `` Jeder Traum Hat ein Ende '' -LRB- Every Dream Has an End -RRB- which is so expressively sung that the listener feels she is singing to him , a characteristic of Seemann and many of her songs and an attribute , which along with her purity of tone and directness of delivery and her immaculate enunciation , made her so winning and popular . The accompaniments are excellent , simple and supportive of her style and her vocal truth . `` Du Bist Nie Allein '' -LRB- You Are Never Alone -RRB- also illustrates her beautiful clarity of emotion and expression . You can understand her English easily even when there are some cutely accented words such as `` Rrrollin ' Home A-cross Tuh Sea '' and her German is so absolutely clean and clear and exemplary in pronunciation that it can serve as a standard and model for others . The cover art shows her photo with the sea and sand and blue wispy - cloud - tinged sky in the background , so perfect to reflect her sea-connected hits . If you enjoy German cabaret-type songs , being sung like no one else can , buy this set and revel and wallow in loveliness . Sigh , I 'm in love with this dimpled sweetheart . .
 I remember how much I enjoyed listening to the LP of these songs at my parents ' home during the 1960s . I was studying German in high school , and I learned many of the songs to sing along with this remarkable chanteuse . How much emotion was in her singing , and how clearly enunciated -- a perfect model for the student of German as a second language . I 'm glad to have rediscovered this treasure.Here 's a list of the tracks : Ihre Gr&ouml; & szlig ; ten ErfolgeDisk 1:1 . Seemann , deine Heimat ist das Meer 2:452 . Du bist nie allein 2:463 . Was tr&auml;umen Matrosen 2:104 . Ein Schiff wird kommen 3:065 . Der wei & szlig ; e Mond von Maratonga 2:336 . Blaue Nacht am Hafen 2:497 . Eine Seefahrt , die ist lustig 3:588 . Heimatmelodie -LRB- Melodie des Herzens -RRB- 3:329 . Kleine wei & szlig ; e M&ouml;we 3:2010 . Capri-Fischer 3:5311 . Barcarole 2:4712 . Gloria 4:2713 . Auf der Heide bl&uuml;h 'n die letzten Rosen 2:4314 . La Montanara 3:0715 . Vaya con dios 2:5716 . Unter der roten Laterne von St.Pauli 2:40 Disk 2:1 . Lili Marleen 3:432 . Fahr mich in die Ferne , mein blonder Matrose 2:123 . Jonny hat Sehnsucht nach Hawaii 3:264 . Rolling Home 3:525 . Captain Brown -LRB- Es war einmal ein Segelschiff -RRB- 2:256 . John , halt das Ruder 2:507 . Der Hamburger Viermaster 5:278 . Die ganze Welt ist himmelblau 2:189 . Jeder Traum hat ein Ende 2:5110 . Lustige Musikanten -LRB- Die Musi , Musi , Musi bringt den Sonnenschein -RRB- 2:2011 . Lass die Welt dar&uuml;ber reden 2:3412 . Wo die Nordseewellen 3:0413 . Die Sterne der Heimat 3:0614 . Weites Meer -LRB- Deep Blue Sea -RRB- 2:5915 . Addio Amigo 2:55 Disk 3:1 . Wei & szlig ; er Holunder 1:562 . Du hast ein Haus 2:363 . Ein fahrender Spielmann 2:354 . Nur wer das Heimweh kennt 2:585 . Die kleine Stadt will schlafen gehn 2:536 . Schwalbenlied -LRB- Mutterl , unterm Dach -RRB- 3:257 . Mu & szlig ; i denn zum St&auml;dtele hinaus 3:568 . Mexikanische Serenade 3:459 . Amor , Amor , Amor 3:0610 . Granada 2:3311 . Im Prater bl&uuml;hn wieder die B&auml;ume 2:3412 . Erz&auml;hl mir von zu Haus 4:2413 . Quando , quando , quando 2:1914 . Wenn am Sonntagabend die Dorfmusik spielt 2:3215 . Tulpen aus Amsterdam 2:2016 . Sag beim Abschied leise Servus 3:14
 While this piece in the mid-priced Millennium Collection series is a condensation of the now out-of-print `` Very Best Of '' Brenda Holloway CD of just a few years ago , it does offer something to warrant purchase . Here , most of the tracks are the stereo versions of the songs that appeared in mono on that previous collection.Anyone familiar with Brenda Holloway knows that she was something of an anomaly in the Motown family of artists . Her music often reached beyond the formula approach that confined some of the other acts to come out of the Detroit-based label . One listen to the tracks on this CD such as her original version of `` You 've Made Me So Very Happy '' will illustrate this . But make no mistake , she did tow the Motown line with tunes such as the Smokey Robinson-penned `` When I 'm Gone '' and `` Operator '' . If you already have the `` Very Best Of '' piece then you already have everything here song-wise but here you do get the stereo versions that offer a more captivating listening experience.While the sound quality is not revelatory , it is decent and for the stereo fan , justifies purchase . Accompanying the disc is an eight-page flopover liner notes booklet with track details and a brief personal bio . While offering her fans no additional Holloway material , at least this piece does keep her material in print on CD and provides the opportunity for those unfamiliar with her music to discover it .
 Although this is a short CD , the entire Millenium series only contains 11 or 12 tracks per CD . Within that context , this is an EXCELLENT collection of Brenda Holloway 's tracks . The excellent Very Best of version contained Brenda 's mono masters . This one contains the STEREO masters , many on CD for the first time ! If you are a Brenda Holloway fan , get both . If I had to choose one , I 'd pick this one , because I 'm a stereo fanatic . Hey Brenda , You 've mad me so very happy . I 'm so glad you came into my life !!! Thanks for the musical memories .
 this is a great live album . best ive heard by demented crew . deffly give this one a go . if youre new to the band or an old fan
 Whoever 's reading this right now , just buy it ! You ca n't go wrong ! Every song is tight and the whole CD has a great feeling to it . Guaranteed to become a favorite if you like swing music . This is the closest to ` perfect ' in a CD that I 've ever seen ! The instrumentals are good , the harmonies of the vocals are fantastic , and the songs are all good -LRB- some are original and some are classics -RRB- . When I first heard this CD -LRB- my parents bought it at an event that the Girls from Mars played at -RRB- , I was just blown away ! You could listen to this for hours and not get tired of it -LRB- I have and I still love it ! -RRB- . Trust me , if you like swing music , this is some really good , premium stuff!If you want a taste of the CD , listen to the `` Free Download '' Amazon provides !
 Planet Swing by the Girls From Mars really swings . I am a fan of the swingin years and I love this CD . My favorites are Stompin ' at the Savoy , Straighten Up & Fly Right , and Never Too Old to Swing but all of the selections really take me back to those swingin years . These three ladies sing in a style that would have propelled them to the top of the charts when swing was king . Some of their harmonies remind me of the Andrew Sisters , but I think these girls have a better sound . The girls are backed by a group of talented musicians who really make this CD a pleasure to listen to.I was impressed by the song selection , some of which I remembered , and some I am sure I have never heard before . They must have spent hours searching the swing archives and listening to stacks of 78-rpm records .
 This is one of my very favorite CDs . The girls ' beautiful harmonies are more clearly heard because the instrumentation is not overpowering -LRB- more acoustic Swing guitar , and less horns than on most Swing recordings -RRB- . I keep going back this CD , wishing there were more recordings by this trio . They were previously in a group called `` Big Nite Out '' . If you like `` Girls From Mars '' , I recommend that you try to get the `` Big Nite Out '' tape , also . Feels great !
 this cD is encompasses the harmonious sound of a lovely group of girls who really know how to make swing music `` swing . '' The tunes are very danceable and very pleasant to listen to . The style they use has all but disappeared from American popular music ; I hope this music catches on !!!
 I first heard this group at the Bucks County Pumpkinfest -LRB- at the Moravian tile works -RRB- . They were great ! Even my five year old son , who was VERY interested in the rides , did n't mind sitting and bopping to them for about 30 minutes . I was so impressed ! Their sound appeals to all ages and will stand the test of time . If you have any doubts about purchasing this CD , loose them and go for it ! Honestly , you wo n't be sorry !
 Since Sam King covered the music of Moby Grape quite well in his review , I 'll concentrate on the other aspects of this release . The photos include several never before released shots , mainly from the promo shoots for the first album . The liner notes are by and large correct , and give a good overview of the band 's early history.Like Vintage , Columbia 's earlier compilation , the first album songs have the non fade out endings on Hey Grandma and Omaha . The sound is overall quite good , the production method used on the first album limiting just how much tweaking could be done in 2007 . What 's up next for this band ? Well , with Omar Spence substituting for his dad Skip , the original lineup will be playing the 40th Anniversary Monterey Festival this summer . We can hope this release will generate enough interest that the 4 Columbia albums are re-released , hopefully with bonus tracks . Listen , and tell your friends about Moby Grape !
 I love the Grape , they truly are the great unsung band of the 60 's . Their stuff is almost uniformly great . That said , this is only the 3rd best Moby Grape compilation out there . The best of course is the 2-disc `` Vintage '' , which I think you can still find on Amazon UK . If you do n't feel like hunting , then get `` Crosstalk '' , which is cheaper than this release and has a better track selection . There 's no way a Moby Grape best-of can be considered definitive while missing two of their best songs , `` Fall On You '' and `` It 's a Beautiful Day Today '' .
 In 1967 Moby Grape was the best band in San Francisco , maybe America . So why have n't you ever heard of 'em ? The rise and precipitous fall of Moby Grape makes up perhaps the most legendary , and enduring , tale of sixties rock . In centuries down the road , people will still be talking about Moby Grape . They were a band which when they first appeared on stage in San Francisco immediately established themselves as one of the hottest acts of rock , way ahead of their time in both spirit and prowess , according to Rolling Stone writer Ed Naha.This collection is a superb coverage of Moby Grape 's essential discography , covering all four albums that the band recorded for Columbia . Truthfully there is classic material missing from this compilation from the first album , as well as the third album `` Moby Grape ' 69 , '' but this just further reinforces how brilliant this band really was.The 20 songs that have been gleaned from Moby Grape 's arsenal are overall quite well chosen . The liner notes are well crafted and inspiring , and the graphics and photos are first rate . This collection is a great place to start in introducing oneself to one of American rock and roll 's enduring legends .
 Whilst i do n't have this cd , owning Fall on Amsterdam , Vintage Grape , the SF Sounds rerelease of the 1st lp - if you have ANY interest in 60s rock and do n't have any Grape , do get this . Easily the best band out of SF - maybe Califonia -LRB- MUCH tighter than the usual psych bands -RRB-
 Yes the first album is the best but Columbia screwed them up my releasing 5 singles at once !!! Anyway I would have given 5 stars if they had squeezed in Naked if I Want to -LRB- from the first album -RRB- . Still you should buy this now !!!
 Just a singles kid in the 60 's I bought most of the first album that way - `` Omaha '' being a favorite-and being in the Great Lakes area I was torn between that feedback-loud and the harmonies of the Byrds . Grape , Buffalo Springfield and Notorious Byrd Brothers VS Cream , the Who and Stones-San Francisco VS Britain.This collection is fantastic , not as complete as Vintage but a sweet trip back . As nice as the uncensored posterfrom the debut album , oddly in-your-face but satisfying . I recommend `` 8:05 '' , `` He '' , `` Motorcycle Irene '' and ofcourse `` Omaha '' . Enjoy the vibe , man .
 Where exactly do you place Moby Grape in the strata of American pop music circa 1966-69 ? I ca n't honestly place them in the upper echelon with the likes of The Byrds , Dylan , The Band , Simon & Garfunkle , Hendrix and the Doors . But certainly they do belong smack-dab in the middle of the second tier , with The Jefferson Airplane , Janis Joplin , The Dead , Buffalo Springfield , The Mamas & Pappas , Santana , Steve Miller Band and of course Love , the other great Bay area band that never had a top-40 hit.With that said `` Listen My Friends '' will provide you with your 20 song fix of MG . Actually there 's only 19 tacks . The last cut is a throw-away radio ad . I was n't a huge fan back then . But I did have the first two Lp 's and the Grape Jam Lp , an interesting jam session with Mike Bloomfield & Al Kooper . This new collection has sure found a home in my car . Listening to it has gotten me back into a Ooh Mama Ooh !!! Grape Moby solid groove ... Or maybe its that Murderous vendetta for The Judge that keeps you comming back for another look at Motorcycle Ireane ? ... What ever your taste in Grape Jam , Listen My Friends is vintage and ripe . Pop a grape into your mouth right now . Close your eyes and you 'll be on your way to Omaha ... Ooh Mama Ooh ... Omaha !!!! Enjoy .
 I 'm serious with this title . Moby Grape , had it not been mucked over by the record companies , would be considered one of the best bands of the 1960s , or any other decade . Consider this
 As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book `` Take Me To A Circus Tent '' I had the honor of interviewing Jerry Miller . His stories of what the band went through made it clear that even with so many forces against them cream will still go to the top.This is a terrific introduction to the group . While the fanatic -LRB- Rightly so -RRB- will always find songs that should have been included , those that are on this package will give you all sides of the Moby experience . They could rock , they could play , and their music was and is a great represenstation of the amazing sounds that eminated from the city by the bay.If you are in Omaha or Ohio listen my friends and get a taste of the grape . It 'll be rather pleasing.Be well always , Craig FentonAuthor of the Jefferson Airplane book `` Take Me To A Circus Tent ''
 The much malinged and exhustively chronicled story behind Moby Grape goes something like this . The genius A&R ; team at Columbia Records signed MB in the summer of 1966 . Thinking that they had the next Jefferson Airplane on their hands , they set out to launch their new find with a unique and untried promotion . Instead of selecting one or possibly two singles to release , they choose instead to release all 12 tracks as singles . This unfocused and confusing marketing stratgey led to little or virtually no air play on top-forty radio and mired the band for what could have been a huge initial launch.The follow-up album `` Wow '' contained fewer songs that could have found their way into a top-forty format and some quirky gimmicks , like the `` Gene Autry '' track and the `` Grape Jam '' bonus Lp . But even these could not save Wow from mideocore sales and little or no air-play . So how valid is the theory that the Columbia Record Execs killed Grape or is there more to the story ? I 'm not so sure if it was a case of poor marketing or simply a band that could n't produce a pure `` radio-friendly '' , three minute , danceable , humable and not-so-forgettable single.Even after repeated listenings , I ca n't help but think that `` Listen My Friends '' contains some beautiful songs by a band that could not be viewed as short on `` chops '' . No way , these guys could hold their own with most any band of their day , But was the song writing first rate ? Could they stack up against The Airplane , The Doors , The Byrds , The Jimi Hendrix Experience or The Who ? I 'll have to agree with other reviewers who have called them `` second tier '' . Afterall what 's so bad about being considered in the same breath as Steve Miller , Country Joe & The Fish , Santana , The Blues Project , Electric Flag , The James Gang , Blood Sweat & Tears , Love and so many other fine bands of the golden era of classic rock .
 I am not a rock purist or rock historian , so I can not comment on the significance of Moby Grape as a band or know enough to describe how it factors into the story of Westcoast Psychedelia . All I know is this is a solid collection of songs with a definite 60s sound . It is great for driving and has a reasonable price tag .
 ok . . say you have read all my other reviews and you have never heard moby grape?maybe you were too young when they were first around?maybe you never liked them back then and now you may be scared to buy all thier newly reissued cds -LRB- albums ! -RRB- . welp . . buy this one.its a super way to start on them.it includes all thier main songs known to grape heads as well as a few gems . and it sure has a mean cover doesnt it?id buy this first if i never heard them.why did i buy it anyways after knowing them for 40 years?because i like them ! wink.its a good cd!buy it for your kids !
 Listen to this album and you will here what all the San Francisco bands were doing a year after each release . Skip Spence was important and burnt out early but the best songs were penned by the other members . I hear riffs from the best songs from the late 60 's and early 70 's from this group .
 There seem to be at least 3 versions of this CD . The one listed here as a CD has 10 tracks . The one listed in the MP3 side has 9 tracks , and the CD I received has only 8 tracks . I guess I 'll never hear Into The Mystic and Flow Back To Me.As far as the CD itself goes , if you like folk , new age , girl-and-a-guitar stuff , you 'll like this . Go over to the MP3 store and listen toBreathlessand you 'll know if you want to add this CD to your collection .
 This is a very good release from the Seattle Band.Sounds similar to R.E.M.Temptation , Overnight Sensation , Strange , Powerless are great songs.If you like Petty , REM , Wilco , you will like this blend of music found on Hello From Waveland.Besides , at these prices it 's a steal . Buy it , you wo n't be disappointed
 this band is the best band in the world . hands down . see them live . milwaukee is the best city in the world .
 I 've seen them live and I think I died of happiness that night . I 've never heard anything like them ... and I do anything to see them live again . You are consumed and pulled in by their music and you forget all the bad and negative things that have been going on for awhile ... buy the cd . It 's definitly worth it
 Since By Man have successfully put together a beautifully intense and energetic record with `` We Sing The Body Electric `` Since By Man put together a sound that crosses the intensity and power of bands like Converge , with the speed and energy of a band like the new defunct Orchid . The vocals in this band are actually extremely similar to that of Orchid 's . `` We Sing The Body Electric '' is a very unique hardcore album , but it 's sound should n't shun away from any traditional hardcore fans . `` We Sing The Body Electric '' is a very powerful and intense album , and I recommend it to any fan of Converge , Orchid , Vaux , Every Time I Die , Blood Brothers , Norma Jean , or The Rise , or anything at all similar.Since By Man certainly has some extremely special going for them that they hopefully wo n't lose on any future releases .
 A great album which has strains of At The Drive In and other similar influences . Very diverse , each song being completely different in sound and essence .
 The label on the CD reads : `` PLAY IT F-CKING LOUD ! '' -LRB- edited to coincide with amazon 's policies -RRB- _ We Sing the Body Electric _ is a superbly crafted body of intense , cathartic , supertightly structured hardcore/metal/punk / whatever . this album is the closest thing I 've heard to the last two Converge albums in terms of intensity and power . Highly recommended .
 Since by man play some of the most passionate , energetic , and moving hardcore ive heard in a while ... this album makes you want to dance in the street and flail your arms around like an idiot , and kiss some random girl getting out of her car and run like hell ... what do they sound like ? somewhere between converge and the swing kids with a little bit of refused ... there are alot of really strong riffs and melodies on here , even though they are not always technical riffs . these guys just plain bring the rock , and you need to hear this if you like hardcore or punk ... turn it up as loud as you can .
 This is the new face of hardcore . We sing the body electric consists of 11 tracks that move intense screams to beautiful melodies and back again . Consistently original this CD is virtually flawless . I saw these guys last night and they were amazing live as well . Buy this cd and PLAY IT F * CKING LOUD !
 We Sing the Body Electric is definitely an asset to anyone 's collection of music . Whether you are listening and desire intense , powerful riffs and guitar lines , creatively obscure lyrics , or a purely dancey experience , this is for you . The bright pink letters that read `` Play it F -- in Loud '' on the disc itself is definitely what you are going to want to do upon listening to this .
 We need more bands like this ! We sing the body electric is a great effort from since by man . If you buy this you first be in awe of the great design the cd has and the lyrics they have penned . Pop the cd in your player and your confronted with a wall of energy . Since by Man plays a sassy brand of hardcore not found much in today 's seen . They have a drummer that plays great and adds a danceable element that will get them compared to refused or at the drive in . They have a singer that has a screamy voice and singing voice that will get them compared to the swing kids or any screamy hardcore band from the swing kids era . Since by Man is not a copy cat band the comparisons to the other bands are hardly valid but do give you a feel of where their sound lies.Since by Man offer a midwestern style of values and honesty not seen in many hardcore bands . There willingness to expirement has earned them the four stars I gave them . They would have earned five if they had kept the intensity up , it does die after the fith song . This is a great first full length and they do have an amazing live show.Songs `` Push the panic '' and `` light the fuse and get away '' are the stand outs .
 While the long review above does capture many good points , I believe it falls short in a few categories.First , the good points I have to make . The album is nothing but impressive . SBM have taken there few years of experience touring and releasing three other indie releases and put to them to good use on this finely crafted piece of work . Tracks such as `` Push The Panic '' and `` Parole En Liberta -LRB- which is also on a previous , now out-of-print , EP -RRB- definitely show the intensity the band has to offer . The slower tracks , such as `` Watch The Fall '' emphasize the diversity of the band . Another thing also worth mentioning is that the artwork was all done by the members of the band . Very cool.The only thing I was disappointed in was that the bass drum and bass guitar seemed to be too quiet most of the disc . Especially on `` A Kid Who Tells On Another Kid Is A Dead Kid '' and `` The Enemy , '' the recorded tracks do n't capture the intensity of the live shows , which I love .
 This is the debut album of the Brazilian pop band Pato Fu . This album was originally released by a small independent label and the band had all the freedom they needed to experiment various musical possibilities . The result is a very interesting combination of well played guitar riffs , with solid bass playing underlined by a drum machine , seasoned with the gentle and sweet voice of vocalist Fernanda Takai .
 It 's about time , and it 's most wonderful . The music , lyrics , energy , it 's all there . I could ` nt be happier for you . I 'm sure I could talk `` Scooter '' into opening for you . ;--RRB- Scott
 I know cindy lou personally and have been seeing her each moring this week at my art camp . She is a great musician , left alone an amazing guitarist . She deserves 5 !!!
 Your feet will be tapping and your hands clapping in no time at all as you listen to this fabulous CD ! Cindy Lou 's music is upbeat and unique as it incorporates a wide range of musical instruments and explores many different musical styles . The songs range from `` Rain Makes Applesauce '' which is pure silliness to `` The Spirit Song '' which is gently uplifting . Some of the lyrics , such as those of `` My Own Special Way , often contain an important message for young ones , but they are never preachy . This CD is pure listening pleasure and adults will like listening to it as much as the kids ! Let your imagination soar as you embark on an adventure with Cindy Lou !
 I 've seen her in person , and I 've met her too -LSB- she 's swell -RSB- and I was all sentimental and nostalgic and bought 2 albums.They made me very happy . If you love Dietrich , Yvonne Constant and other marvelous chanteuses , then buy PATACHOU too !
 This is hands down my favorite Eddie jefferson album and he is my all time favorite Jazz singer as well.What really separates this session are the incredible arrangements by Slide Hampton and the consistently beautiful solos by Junior Cook on tenor , Charles Sullivan on trumpet , Richie Cole on Alto , & the rhythm section of Harold Mabern , Jr. -LRB- p -RRB- , George Duvivier -LRB- b -RRB- , and Billy Hart -LRB- d -RRB- , Its really jazz at its best - swingin ' , burnin ' and beautiful . Just the arrangement of Jeannine by itself is worth the the whole set . I ca n't rave about it enough . Really bugs me that it has never been reissued on CD.Of course I guess I should say something about Eddie Jefferson except that he is always great . He was the real father of jazz vocalise as I understand it and to me has always been its greatest exponent . He 's in top form here .
 I have the LP and the CD . I bought the CD on Amazon , so it may be hard to find , but you can get it . Get it you should . These are All Stars playing with Eddie including Richie Cole , who was working with Eddie , until the end . I saw Eddie many times at the Jazz Showcase in Chicago , with Richie and with James Moody . Eddie had a real zest for life , always smiling and upbeat . His attitude is reflected perfectly on this CD . Find it and get it , it is excellant . Also pick up the video of Eddie live at the Jazz Showcase , it was made shortly before he died and is Smokin !!!
 In 1978 , I saw Eddie Jefferson at Baker 's Keyboard Lounge in Detroit-and was planning to see him when he returned there a year later.Unfortunately , he was shot to death outside of the world 's oldest jazz club ; apparentely the victim of a nut who later beat the rap.Going by the impact of theTupac Shackur and Biggie murders , Eddie was n't a rapper ; he was one of the handful of history 's great jazz improvisors . Of all his work , this is my favorite EJ album , which he kicks off with Duke Pearson 's ` Jeneane ' . For anyone who may be in recovery from listening to rap `` music '' , ` The Main Man ' by Eddie Jefferson is where it 's at .
 This album means a lot to me ... it was the album that got me into Jazz . -LRB- You can hear me tell the story at my website ... just go / intervie.rm ! -RRB- Basically I was about 12 , I turned the dial too far to the left on a boring Saturday afternoon and I hear this music that sends me to another world ... I find out its called JAZZ - - so I go to the library to find a Jazz album and I find this cool album cover with a guy wearing a bit straw hat and turqoise ring ... get it and boom ... straight from JEANINE I 'm sold ... I want to BE Eddie Jefferson.The band is cooking -LRB- its an all star session -RRB- and Eddie was captured well and at his hottest ... almost 23 years later , I can honestly say that after having listening to this album almost 3 years straight a million times a day , then revisiting it every year or so ... it still has n't warn off ... that says a lot ... Today many people do n't really know what Jazz is about ... they might play it , and they might say they listen to it , but they really do n't understand the music ... when you listen to Eddie , he not only epitomizes what Jazz is ... but he puts it into words.Must have recording ... glad its back in print ! ! !
 . The late Eddie Jefferson -- jazz vocalist extraordinare -- is great on this his last recorded outing.First issued on CD in 2004 , this 1978 disc must be included in any jazz enthusiast 's record library . `` In 1977 , Inner City gather together a roster of all-star jazz players and took them into a New York Studio to recreate with modern arrangements , some of the classic Eddie Jefferson songs that have become a part of vocal jazz in our times . '' `` In arranging Eddie Jefferson 's re-emergence as a performer in his own right , Inner City Records has given long overdue credit to a creative and catalytic artist who for too many years remained in the shadow of other 's successes . I hope the the release of this album will help substantially to set the record straight , for if ever there was a moment when recognition was due to him for the ideas in which he pioneered , certainly as Charlie `` Bird '' Parker would have said , now is the time . '' -- Leonard Feather , The Encyclopedia of JazzJust weeks after making this recording , Jefferson was tragically assassinated outside a gig in Detroit -- a victim of urban violence
 I first saw Stolen Babies about 3 years ago in '03 at the Galaxy in Santa Ana , CA . They were opening for Rasputina , and i thought they were cool . It was my friend 's first show he ever went to as well , and we both actually started laughing when Dominique -LRB- the vocalist -RRB- started ` screaming ' . I thought she was joking , but no , that 's just the way she screams , probably not to tear her vocal chords because if she did she would n't be able to sing so beautifully . But we still dug them , and bought both of their E.P.s they had at the merch table after the show , and i was obsessed w / their 4 track untitled one , the one w / Civil Disguise . This , their debut album , is a GIANT leap ahead of that E.P. and i am COMPLETELY blown away ! Her screaming got better , and the musicianship and the music is just mind blowing ! This is definitely going to get them noticed . It 's going to . Just watch . This will hopefully be the start of the ruin of what 's on KROQ and all of that BS . Great album , Great music , Great lyrics , you will NOT be disappointed with this purchase !
 This is not normally my type of music , but Stolen Babies have won me over with their original , fun sound . Their music is like a mix of goth metal , ska , and circus music . It 's almost impossible to describe.My daughter and I saw them perform a few days ago when we went to see Within Temptation -LRB- her favorite band , and going to the show was her 14th birthday present -RRB- . Stolen Babies was the first act , and although at first we were a little shocked and scared by their sound , we ended up wishing that they 'd been able to perform more than the 4 or 5 songs in their set . They are true entertainers.We met them at the merchandise counter , and when Rani saw my daughter 's autograph paper saying `` Happy Birthday '' written by Jeroen from Within Temptation , they all jumped up to wish her happy birthday , gave her some of their merchandise for free , and took a picture with her . They were very cool , so we checked out their CD when we got home . That 's all we 've been listening to ever since.There are still a few screamy songs -LRB- Spill , Mind Your Eyes , Tall Tales -RRB- that we have n't been able to get used to , but we just might . I 'm certain that this talented and unique band will be BIG soon , and that almost makes me sad for the inevitable end of their small-venue shows . If we have the opportunity , we 'll go see them again , hopefully when they 're more of a headliner and not just an opening act .
 Imagine early Oingo Boingo channeled through Nine Inch Nails , fronted by an accordion-playing harlequin -LRB- Dominique Pemquin , remember that name -RRB- who croons like Edith Piaf when she 's not bleating like a goat or screaming like a banshee -LRB- that is NOT a criticism -RRB- ... as a point of reference , that would start to describe this dark little band on their most impressive premiere effort . What with the Gothic Circus getup apparent in their live shows , they almost come off as a novelty act , but the songs and arrangements are solid and smack of greatness . From the punchy punkiness of `` Tablescrap '' , through the epic drudge of `` Push Button '' , the polyrhythmic sophistication of `` Year of Judges '' , the campy cabaret of `` Swint ? Or Slude ? '' and even a sort of reflective ballad , `` Lifeless '' , Stolen Babies knows their way around the musical palette without losing a distinctive unified sound in the course of these 13 tracks . `` Squabbles '' is one of my favorite discoveries of the 21st Century , a monster debut , and I look forward to more from these folks , hoping they do n't get trivialized as a mere novelty act , as there is some truly fine , enduring music here , worthy of exceptional exposure .
 I picked up this album when I was going to see Lacuna Coil and The Gathering . Stolen Babies was the opening act . Unfortunately due to a mix up in show start times I completely missed their set . I kept the album around though and enjoy it a lot . These guys are certainly unique . I am not really even sure how to describe them . Their music is a mix of metal , Eastern European dirge , theatric cabaret , progressive rock and just plain weirdness . One of the band 's main instruments is the accordion which combined with the traditional rock instrumentation makes a potent interesting mix . There are a lot of screaming vocals on this album , but when singer Dominique Lenore Persi decides to dump the screaming and just sing she has a beautiful powerful voice . There are parts of this album that I do n't really care for , but some of it I think is brilliant . This band is not going to be for everyone , but there is certainly something different about them that separates them from the pack . I would think that fans of bands like Sleepytime Gorilla Museum would enjoy this release .
 Clearly one of the bands to watch out for in 2007 . Their sound is unique and haunting . They grab you from the first chord and shake you until you are frazzled and weak at the knees . Their live performances are flabbergasting and mind-boggling . Like being on a rollercoaster with a candy apple in one hand and a bottle of Stoli in the other and you are gon na get sticky and soaked ! I find the band members themselves to be somewhat aloof , but that just adds to their mystique . Whenever I see this group live , I think of Beetlejuice . They are a great show , making you laugh one minute and cry the next . Dominique wields the voice of a succubus - alluring yet dangerous if you get too close - keep on your toes . This year on the Hottest Chicks in Metal Tour , they were accompanied by ` guest ' guitarist , George Earth , of former Switchblade Symphony , who adds an other-worldly presence to their ensemble . Known for their panache to rotate musicians , it is my hopes that they keep George on - he fits quite well with their direction and definitely attracts his own share of attention . Stolen Babies is a must-listen for the open-minded , adventurous spirits .
 I often feel that a lot of bands get stuck in a certain formulaic sound while trying to establish a certain style , thus making the songs on their albums nearly indiscernable from each other . Luckily , Stolen Babies is not one of those bands . They are quite the opposite.All the tracks on the CD are different , but they still have some type of established sound.Dominique 's vocals veer back and forth from impressive screams to a velvety deep clear voice reminiscent of someone you may hear singing cabaret music . The instruments used on this album are fantastically varied as well , a toy piano , the accordian , and upright bass , are used on this cd.If you want music you will not be bored with and enjoy a type of circus influenced yet gothic sound , then this band is most certainly for you .
 I suppose if Julie Christmas and co are going to make stuff out of babies , they 've got to source 'em from somewhere . Stolen Babies , fronted by rock chick/accordianado Dominique Lenore Persi , churn out some really fun , toe-tapping quasi-pop , quasi-goth , quasi-circus-music , quasi-industrial something-or-other . A bit like if Mark Ryden painted a Hello Kitty , it 's a take on pop that 's all cute , detailed and superbly crafted , with a dark edge of disturbed weirdness lurking just beneath the surface . There are a couple of `` demented caberet '' sections that seem a bit redundant - has n't that been done to death already ? But the band is crackingly tight , the tunes are direct and funky , and the production is ace .
 Stolen Babies plays a very strange genre of music which is similar to Mr. Bungle , and not too far removed from some other contemporary bands like Diablo Swing Orchestra or Unexpect . The music of Stolen Babies is could be described as a fusion of goth-rock , industrial , circus music , heavy metal , and who knows what else . Their music , while strange , is a bit more accessible than any of their contemporaries , however , because they utilize pretty basic song structures -LRB- verse-chorus-verse _ and do n't venture too far outside of their area of expertise -LRB- though they are still weird , and unique -RRB- . One thing I will give the band credit for , is that the artwork perfectly depicts the music . The very cool artwork brings to mind a Tim Burton movie such as &#34; Nightmare Before Christmas &#34; or &#34; The Corpse Bride &#34; , and the music does an absolutely amazing job at pulling off that vibe.The girl who sings is definitely extremely talented , as are all of the band 's musicians . I suppose my only problem is that I do n't really enjoy the industrial aspect of the music so much , as someone who really hates any kind of industrial music with a passion . The music is definitely very silly , and very fun -LRB- but there are still some serious songs on here -RRB- , and is overall very good . I would suggest this to anyone who likes gothic art or music .
 Considering they started out as a 12-piece high school band this debut CD is an amazing recording . Very polished , excellent musicianship , interesting clever compositions , very original , artistically theatrical . There is an acute intelligence working here . A nice bright star among hundreds of standard rock bands .
 A friend of mine told me to listen to this band about 2 years ago . We listened to them and I immediately loved them . Although not all of the songs fit this description , to me many of them sound like Tim Burton and Danny Elfman wanted to put together a rock band with a great female singer . I have not had the opportunity to see them live yet , but if they ever come to Ohio I 'm there !
 THIS IS A COOL CD BECAUSE IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU ARE IN SOME KIND OF FUN CRAZY WONDERLAND . ITS LIKE A STORY THAT IS VERY FICTION IT IS HARD TO DESCRIBE . I KNOW FROM THE TOP OF MY MIND THAT THE SONGS THAT MOSTLY MAKES YOU FEEL THAT WAY ARE CALLED
 I 'm not exactly shure how to describe this music ... I suppose it 's like taking cabaret , polka , indie , disco , punk , and hardcore and throwing them all into a blender . All I can say for shure is that I like these guys . Stolen Babies are fun , crazy , and weird in a MR. Bungle sort of way .
 I saw this band open up for Lacuna coil and Within Temptation and they were almost beyond description I picked up the cd and have not regretted it in the slightest . Trying to describe the band is something that many have tried and failed not surprisingly though because I have yet to find anything remotely like them . Its almost a surreal mixture of goth , metal , and a demented circus music but happy demented circus music . In short buy this album you wo n't regret it .
 From start to end , Stolen Babies has seemed to find a perfect mix of songs that capture their sound as a whole and then smack you across the face repeatedly with it over and over , blowing you away . After all , how do you mix metal guitars and an accordian and make it sound amazing ? `` There Be Squabbles Ahead '' is easily top 10 of 2006 for me at least , I just wish more people were blessed with knowing what `` The End Records '' is . Stolen Babies are truly promartyrs of their hybrid subgenre , I ca n't wait to see them live !
 Stolen Babies apparently used to be a 12-piece band in the mid-90 's known as The Fratellis . They were essentially a ska-ish band , ready with brass , horns , clarinets and the like . However , they played cartoon music with a heavy theatrical aspect and were largely influenced by , of all bands , Oingo Boingo . Stolen Babies , in turn , seem to be a darker , more to the point distillation of the Fratellis . The ska is mostly absent , and what 's left is some very vibrant dark cabaret `` metal '' with a load of creative vision . For one , the band reeks of German Expressionism , which is especially evident in their makeup and dress ; as well as in the album 's cover art and the art throughout the booklet ... all done by a man named Crab Scrambly , who is apparently of some notable fame in the artistic world , though this is the first I 've heard of him -LRB- I 'm no expert , however -RRB- . He 's actually considered an honorary member of the band , as his artwork is deeply in line with the creative aesthetic that the band so heavily embraces . Some of the band members seem to have colorful backgrounds , as well - guitarist Rani Sharone scores films and TV commercials using guys like Danny Elfman and Philip Glass as influences , and vocalist Dominique Persi 's brother is apparently a director on The Simpsons . Their live shows are also exactly that - shows . Props and cartoon costumes and everything . According to the band , their live shows are like if Betty Boop and Bimbo had a crazy , demented clown baby -LRB- Dominique -RRB- fronting a band of crazy , demented zombies . Sounds interesting.So the music has to match , right ? Well , it does.Accordion-wielding frontwoman Dominique Persi , guitarist Rani Sharone , drummer Gil Sharone , and bassist Ben Rico create music that 's set up perfectly for the stage . Foreboding note choices , strange background noises , themes that could pass for classic mystery and slasher films , and light-hearted cartoonish aesthetic all drip from this music . Dominique has a voice for every situation - she sings , screams , yells , shrieks , and narrates as the situation demands . I tend to prefer her when she 's singing , as she has a wonderful and emotive voice , but she 's damn good whatever she happens to be doing at the moment . `` Filistata '' is a darkly playful tune that , under the proper circumstances , could probably be used as the soundtrack to Pinky and the Brain finally succeeding in their efforts at taking over the world . `` Awful Fall '' and `` So Close '' sound like some kind of bizarre 80 's aggro/electro-industrial turned completely on its head . `` Swint ? or Slude ? '' is a Waltz-like piece that brings to mind Victor Frankenstein working on his famous creature . `` Mind Your Eyes '' is probably the closest that this album comes to any form of established metal , but even then it 's sort of a far cry ... very fun song though with odd sound effects and instrumentation that makes you feel like you 're running through a dark alley with whatever 's chasing you coming ever closer to swallowing you up . `` Lifeless '' is the one and only ballad-esque track on here , featuring some pleasant interplay between guitar , accordion , and vibraphone ... it 's probably my least favorite track on here , but it 's a nice break amidst all the musical turbulence . `` Push Button '' is supposed to be the single from the album , I think , and it reminds me heavily of one of The Dresden Dolls ' angrier tracks , with more instruments . Then there 's `` Gathering Fingers '' , which sounds like it 's straight from an as yet unreleased Tim Burton movie . Creepy . `` The Button Has Been Pushed '' ... I 'm not sure where this came from , but it 's an interesting closer to the album that sounds a bit like Koenjihyakkei playing inter-galactic disco.I did n't go through every song , but those stick out in my head.There Be Squabbles Ahead is an eerie and fun experience ... definitely worth spending your money on .
 I saw them with Degenerate Art Ensemble in Seattle . The show was great ! I have been listening to the CD constantly .
 Este cd de Melina es muy bueno , es una copilacion de todas sus baladas que ha grabado en sus 4 discos . Incluye una nueva balada nunca antes oida . `` Un extrano en mi banera '' Si te gusta Melina leon este cd es para ti . `` Romantica Y sensual '' es el titulo de los exitos de Melina solo en baladas . Ojala y saquen uno con sus exitos pero en merengues . Este cd no puede faltar en tu coleccion .
 My first encounter with the tracks on this CD was in 1979 -LRB- ? -RRB- , and it was at a LIVE CONCERT featuring the Sagmeister Trio . I was in the military stationed in Wiesbaden Germany and I went with a friend to see them at a jazzkeller in Frankfurt . These guys were absolutely awesome !! Some very impressive arrangements and musicianship that that truly takes you on a unique audio adventure . Each member of the group has mastered their instument and has a flair for innovation . Any one who loves jazz or just loves ` good tunes ' should check it out !!
 This Bear-Family Release is a great 5 Disc Set with a Book in LP-Format with many behind the scenes photos , photos of the movie posters and lobby cards!Those CD 's contains all songs from Caterina Valente 's -LRB- german -RRB- movies she made in the 1950s and early 60s . Do n't miss this Set when you like this mega-multi-talents -LRB- speaking french , italian , german , english -RRB-
 The only reason that I did n't give this CD 5 stars is this
 This CD is awesome -- DB has been part of the NYC music scene for a while now . he 's got a terrifically expressive and emotional voice , complex but beautiful melodies , and lyrics that verge on poetry . it 's not background music but the kind that you really want to listen to , it actually speaks directly to you . here 's a musician that 's really an artist .
 Hailing from Dutch-land , hard rockin ' metal heads Mennen have burst into my stereo yielding a sound not unlike a few others - and there 's nothing wrong with this . Combining the tenacity of Dokken -LRB- especially their latest , HELL TO PAY -RRB- and the hooky choruses of Europe -LRB- minus the keyboards -RRB- , Mennen shines on as they take many of us back to our high school days of 80 's metal . Strangely enough , their look is more like an American Modern Rock or Punk-Pop band.The opening song , `` Down '' , has a familiar sound ... but when the whistling started during the intro I could n't help but wonder if I was listening to a Scorpions tune from the early 90 's . -LRB- Come to find out , lead singer/founder Joss Mennen used to sing studio background vocals for the Scorps . -RRB- The whistling continues between verses , but thankfully blends into the song and combines with a catchy chorus , immediately causing me to make the Dokken/Hell To Pay comparison . All in all ... I dig this song.Track two , `` Above The Waterline '' , immediately dips us into what might be considered by some as just-another-yawner-ballad . And while it 's nowhere near the best song on the album , it 's refreshing to hear a band with a classic metal sound like this not use the same old power ballad formula . At least this one has some originality.The tunes move on with a combination of this , that , and the other ... but every track belongs , giving Mennen a distinct sound and making it clear to me why this is their 5th album in the past 11 years . Sure , a slow song every third track might seem a little much , but it follows suit with the genre from 15 years ago . It worked then and technically still does . The more I listen , the more I like.Strangely enough , the three bonus tracks -LRB- `` Blue '' , `` Loose Somebody '' , `` Taste Of Paradise '' -RRB- are three of the better songs on the album . Be sure not to miss them . All in all , Mennen 's FREAKAZOID has a sound that will , at the very least , grab you and take you on a time machine back to a date when metal bands had long hair.Note
 Hailing from Dutch-land , hard rockin ' metal heads Mennen have burst into my stereo yielding a sound not unlike a few others - and there 's nothing wrong with this . Combining the tenacity of Dokken -LRB- especially their latest , HELL TO PAY -RRB- and the hooky choruses of Europe -LRB- minus the keyboards -RRB- , Mennen shines on as they take many of us back to our high school days of 80 's metal . Strangely enough , their look is more like an American Modern Rock or Punk-Pop band.The opening song , `` Down '' , has a familiar sound ... but when the whistling started during the intro I could n't help but wonder if I was listening to a Scorpions tune from the early 90 's . -LRB- Come to find out , lead singer/founder Joss Mennen used to sing studio background vocals for the Scorps . -RRB- The whistling continues between verses , but thankfully blends into the song and combines with a catchy chorus , immediately causing me to make the Dokken/Hell To Pay comparison . All in all ... I dig this song.Track two , `` Above The Waterline '' , immediately dips us into what might be considered by some as just-another-yawner-ballad . And while it 's nowhere near the best song on the album , it 's refreshing to hear a band with a classic metal sound like this not use the same old power ballad formula . At least this one has some originality.The tunes move on with a combination of this , that , and the other ... but every track belongs , giving Mennen a distinct sound and making it clear to me why this is their 5th album in the past 11 years . Sure , a slow song every third track might seem a little much , but it follows suit with the genre from 15 years ago . It worked then and technically still does . The more I listen , the more I like.Strangely enough , the three bonus tracks -LRB- `` Blue '' , `` Loose Somebody '' , `` Taste Of Paradise '' -RRB- are three of the better songs on the album . Be sure not to miss them . All in all , Mennen 's FREAKAZOID has a sound that will , at the very least , grab you and take you on a time machine back to a date when metal bands had long hair.Note
 Rudy Perrone is the quintessential guitar player . Melodic , daring , inventive , and blatantly talented , he embodies everything from the skills of Hendrix to the lyrical talent of Neil Young . The range of emotions that are invoked listening to this recording range from childhood memories , to regret of the past , and finally to hope for the future . I strongly advise anybody stumbling across this review to give Rudy Perrone a listen and wonder why more are n't . Spread the word !
 The consistancy of mood and performance makes this a perfect album to alter the atmosphere . You are instantly transported to a place that you do n't question , you just like it and want to stay there for as long as possible and actually crave it when you leave it . It is a place lacking in cynicism , full of wonderment , but leaves enough room for your consciousness to expand . And it does help that Mr. Perrone is a mindbendingly tasteful composer and player . I look foward to Guitar in the ... every location he can dream up . Just buy it !
 Forget Satch and Vai , here is Rudy!This cd will put you in a trance and have you ride the music to another place.There is a grove and a spirit in every song.You can feel yourself reaching for the strings on your air guitar if you can even imagin playing in your mind this good !
 When you want peace , listen to GITK ! When you want to get your imagination going , listen to GITK ! When uplifting is what you seek , put on GITK ! To do all these things you need to BUY Guitar In The Kitchen ! Just a wonderful collection of tunes that take you to either the warmest parts of a Spanish Barrio or a trip to any suburb in the USA . This is a masterpiece from a superb musician . Here 's to you Brother Rudy !!!!
 Peaceful , pationate and purely sublime . This Cd transcends all genre and will hold you immediately captivated by it 's spell . It is beautiful in its understated simplicity , yet layered with such texture that will provoke the spirit and imagination and leave any listener in a better place . It 's guaranteed pleasure for the senses . Do n't just get one copy ... grab one for a valued friend as well !
 IN BREAKING DOWN THE THOUGHTS OF REASON . . AND LETTING GO THE WORSER PART OF IT ... HERE IS TO ME AND TO MY SOUL A PEACEFUL GATHERING OF MUSIC.SPIRITUALY FOUND AND PERFECTLY PREFORMED ... I KNOW THIS MAN.HIS MUSIC IS HONEST AND TRUE . BUY THIS RECORD AND SEE WHERE YOU FIND PEACE . LOVE MAC
 Lulu Joppert is a superb Brazilian singer , composer , producer way overlooked and underrated ; and this her second CD `` Encontro '' = `` Meeting '' or `` Encounter '' is a testimony of that ; a very vibrant production , full of life , full of great musicianship and with awesome vocals ; we can only hope that this and her previous CD `` Dance With Me '' be reinstated for the sake of wonderful music.And hopefully new albums by this great Brazilian Diva may also be released soon -LRB- check her out also in the `` Michael in Bossa CDs -RRB- . One of the best examples how Magnificent MPB -LRB- Brazilian Pop Music -RRB- can be , period ...
 The latest offering from Unit
 Love Letters demonstrates Elvis ` undeniable love for music.He did n't just sing a song ... he gave it energy , he let it breathe.This is clearly on display in the way he sings on Heart of Rome.When I 'm Over You is another opportunity for him to grab hold of the music and make it his own.I 'll Never Know and This is Our Dance are two seldom heard songs which makes this a must have for any fan.Got My Mojo Working and Cindy , Cindy allows Elvis to show-off ... and he does.His ability to sing R&B still goes unnoticed except by us fans.The title track was the second time he did this song.the first was in the mid-60s . I like this version best for his voice had matured by the early 70s . This was one of many albums from his historic Nashville marathon recording sessions.A great and fun CD to have .
 this one shows the wide range of his talent and that he did not waste any talent.a great underappreciated cd.buy it and enjoy
 I love this CD . It has some songs on it you do n't hear that often which is one reason I purchased this ... although the plastic case was cracked during shipping but was n't that big of deal to me because it was not a gift .
 VERY WELL WRAPPED , PLAYS REALLY GOOD , MY HUSBAND BEEN LOOKING FOR THIS . THIS ITEM CAME QUICKLY . THIS CAME AS DESCRIBED . WOULD BY FROM YOU AGAIN THANKS .
 i recently purchased the C.D. `` Love Letters From Elvis '' and in my estimations it is Fantastic.there are so many great songs on here.one of them being the song Life.it sums up mankind to a tee.and how about the song , I 'll Never Know.play that one for the lady in your life.okay , one more ... This is our Dance.now , you want a slow easy listening song to slow dance to , well , this is it.what a beautiful song.Elvis ... what a great entertainer .
 John Olson is one of the better guitarists ever . Thoughtful lyrics . Smart progressive alternative sound with good sense of space and fill regarding time . Steve 's vocal sets up a great attitude on themes .
 Perpetual Motion 's newest release , String Theory , forges new ground in what they call the `` Acoustic World Fusion '' genre . Basically they 've taken jazz , blues and rock tunes and play them acoustically with a latin groove . Each original song is based around Josie Quick 's vibrant violin and the masterful guitar work of Tom Carleno . Sure there 's percussion and bass in there , too , but make no mistake this is about the violin and guitar . The melodies that might otherwise be handled by a vocalist are taken to new places by Quick 's violin . While this act is primarily a jazz based band , they are not beyond applying their considerable skills to rock , blues , or anything else that strikes their fancy . This is jazz for those of us who are n't jazz snobs . `` Jungle Fever '' has a cool latin/tribal feel thanks to the percussion . The lone cover on the CD is `` Josie '' from Steely Dan , which takes on a new character when played on violin and guitar . We love it when a violin is used in a rock song . `` Terminal Velocity '' also rocks pretty good . `` Pasion de la Luna '' emphasizes Carleno 's guitar with a Spanish/flamenco style . `` Big Red Blues '' shows that blues is well within their grasp . The CD has excellent production qualities . They clearly spent some time in the studio making sure this came out right.Buy this CD if you like acoustic/instrumental music .
 There is MINISTRY in music ! This CD is a MUST buy ! As a matter of fact . Buy three ONE for the car , one for home and one for the office .
 THIS IS THE BEST GOSPEL CD EVER . THIS IS JUST AWESOME AND FILL WITH THE HOLY GHOST . DONALD LAWERENCE AND THE TR-CITY SINGER ARE AWESOME . THIS CD IS OFF THE CHAIN . EVERYBODY NEEDS TO HEARD THIS CD . THIS CD WILL BLESS YOUR SOUL AND ALL OVER YOUR BODY EVERYTIMES YOU HEAR IT . DONALD LAWERENCE IS THE BEST GOSPEL SINGER IN THE WORLD . THIS CD IS AWESOME . ALL OF THE SONGS ARE FILL WITH THE HOLY SPIRIT . THERE IS NOT ONE SONG THAT YOU WONT BE HAPPY . THIS IS WORTH YOUR MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 THE WORDS TO THE SONGS ON THE CD ARE SO HEARTFELT AND MOVING . AND WHEN YOU LISTEN AND PONDER ABOUT THE WONDERFUL THINGS THAT GOD HAD DONE , DONALD LAWRENCE WHEN SINGING ONLY REITERFIES WHAT I KNOW ABOUT GOD THROUGH HIS MINISTRY OF SONG .
 I echo the viewer that says this is for any age . This is a perfect cd for a Tiny Tots Sunday school class ! Every song has a Bible passage attached to it and each song is anointed to the fullest!Best Tracks :2 . Stranger4 . A Message For The Saints6 . Come Lay Your Head On Me8 . Oh Peter10 . Great Things11 . When Sunday Comes with Darryl Coley
 This is an awesome album -LRB- Donald Lawrence Bible Stories -RRB- . I love it ! everyone can enjoy this blessing ! Get it !!!
 I finally got it ! I have been looking for this product for so long . Thank you for having it available .
 This is my favorite Donald Lawrence album and one of my favorite albums EVER . I love the theme and the flow ... It is consistent , balanced , and it just works!When Sunday Comes was the single that caught my attention , not just because of Daryl Coley 's impeccable execution of the lead -LRB- he to ' it UP ! -RRB- , but the choral arrangement had me hooked as well ... It was a great song!Besides that one , my faves include : Message for the Saints -LRB- as old school ` corny ' hip hop it is , I LOVE IT ! Tawana kills that solo too ! -RRB- , Cast Your Cares -LRB- written by Twinkie Clark ... one of my fave gospel composers ... and that treo is SICKKK to DEF , lol ! Whoo ! -RRB- I Am God -LRB- solo by Arnetta Murril-Crooms -RRB- Do You KnowDid n't it RainMy least fave song is Bethlehem MorningThis is just a fun album all around . Like I said , one of my faves and I will always have it in my music library !
 Put in this CD and get energized with feel good songs based on Bible Stories . One of Gospel 's top showmen , Donald Lawrence ranks amongst the best , and this is one of Tri-City 's great peformances . A live recording that gives you that feeling of almost like being there .
 I am shocked to see that people write such wonderful reviews about Donald Lawrence but I do n't see any about Bible Stories , which is without a doubt one of the BEST Gospel CD 's EVER . I ca n't even single out songs ... because they are all wonderful , you know what ... I think I will single out a few ! `` Message for the Saints '' and `` Did n't It Rain '' are just AMAZING tracks . I mean , amazing amazing amazing ... . if you missed this album you are missing out on True and Filling food for the soul . This has got to be apart of any Gospel fans collection . I ca n't say enough about it ... the first song I heard by Donald Lawrence was `` Message for the Saints '' and I was amazed at the character of the song , what I mean by that is ... that blending of different sounds and octaves it was just a really uplifting song and it still has the same power today as it did back then . All I have to say is , if you do n't have this cd GET IT GET IT GET IT GET IT GET IT . If you do , enjoy it !
 It 's different from any cd that I 've heard . Most of the lyrics are simple enough that even a young child can relate to them . The best two songs on it are `` I Am God '' and `` Sunday '' featuring Darryl Coley , where you can just feel the Holy Spirit .
 `` Summertime '' is a great new release just in time for the summer ! I 've given this CD a 5 star rating due to the fact that I have seen this artist perform and he definitely has even more promising upcoming tracks that are guaranteed to be hot !
 The beats are fresh and original ! The style is reminiscent of the back in the day , just relax , no work , no school , just chillin ' atmosphere that we all miss ! I want a full length cd-12 tracks !
 When I listened to it , it made me miss Dream Street even more . I wish they had still stayed together and then the CD would have been all Dream Street songs ! But regardless , it 's a good CD ! The new stuff is really good , but it was kind of weird putting `` You 're Taking Me Over '' next to `` With All My Heart '' because their voices were still high in YTMO , but had dropped by WAMH . I also enjoyed hearing some of the redone old songs ! If you like Dream Street , go out and buy this CD ! Why are you still reading this ? I said go out and buy it !
 i love chris meeting him would be a dream come true n i have 2 go 2 america just to meet him !!! Also ALL of dreamstreet are sooo talented its a shame they split up !! If nyone knows a place where i can get there thing s like posters ect . pleeeezzzzzzzzzzzz let me know !! jst email me at zohharafiq@hotmail.co.uk
 this cd is a MUST for any Dream Street fan !! The new versions of their older songs , and the new additions such as `` With All My Heart '' are GREAT !! GO BUY IT !!
 hey pepz , i am the biggest fan of these guyz so much that the world ca n't even think of , and those who think da dream street is stupid and laugh at them i bet they dnt even no them or heard of them , they r just callin them self unfaithful and trust me i have liked these guyz for about nearly my life now -LRB- since they started -RRB- and i think i no the real bout these guyz . They hav my support and lov i hope they hav u guyz 2 !! Oh yh chris , jessie , matt , greg , frankie u guys r totally cute and rock da world !!! any 1 hav objections ?? if do email me on littlemisstrouble_94@hotmail.co.uk!!l8er pepz !!! lov ya chris !! p.s if i would hav 2 chances of meeting them then first i would send those who dnt trust chris and da otherz and me !!
 Move over Nina Simone , Charlie Parker , Lauryn Hill and ALicia Keys ... Dreamstreet is here and forever . Quite possibly the best band to ever exist on the face of the universe , Dreamstreet singlehandedly reinvented the music genre which such masterpieces as `` Sugar Rush '' and `` It Happens Everytime . '' IN `` It Happens Everytime '' , the talented prodigys create lyrics to make you weep , overcome by their brilliance . THe band usessuch lines as `` It happens every time we meet ... here on dreamstreet ! '' accompanied by the ever-inspiring boyband `` Zoom . '' Do I hear the rhythm swaying ? Yes I do , dear little girl-boys , yes I do . Your cover tells me the truth , your beauty and intelligence , what a cover ! No artist can hold a candle to your blinding , stunning , stunning , blinding vision . A girl looking up ... a heart ! A member of dreamstreet in the heart and a few others with ... gasp ! Their gorgeous ten year old chests exposed . Oh Dreamstreet ! And I will forever hear your beautiful rythms on the dreamstreet of my heart ... not the backstreet . Live on Dreamstreet Boys ! Live on ...
 i think when dream street 's voices are a little bit more mature it sounds a lot better ... i hafta say ... although i 'm a huge dream street fan , their voices were squeaky in the debut album ... however they improved big time ... so all those beating on them , shut up cause they did such a great job ! with combination of others made a harmony that 's hard to forget !
 i love chris trousdale he is all over my room i would give anything to meet him but i live in the midlands this album is a must have to all fans
 I love this CD !!!! When I saw it in stores , I was like , `` I do n't think that I would like this CD '' . But when my parents got it for me for Christmas and I listened to it , I was like WOW !!!! I love it so much . Here is a review of the CD .1 . It Happens Every Time -LRB- Dance Remix -RRB- - Dream Street - I really like this song . I think that I like it better than the origional .2 . I 'm Gon na Make You Love Me-Play w / Chris Trousdale - This is such a good song . I think that Play is so talented in this song and Chris sounds so good .3 . I Miss You-Dream Street - This one is an ok song . I usually skip it , but it is ok .4 . Run Away-Ruby Blue - I love this song . I had never heard of Ruby Blue before and when I heard there songs , I was just like , WOW !!!! 5 . You 're Taking Me Over-Dream Street - My favorite song on the CD . There voices are the same as on their self titled CD , but I still love the song . It has good lyrics .6 . With All My Heart-Dream Street - My second fave on the track . Very good , slow ballad . When I first heard it , it made me think of my crush of 2 years . I love it .7 . I Say Yeah -LRB- New Version -RRB- - Dream Street - Cool song . I like this one better that the origional because their voices ahve changed and it sounds so good . -LRB- Even if at the beginning Greg sounds really weird -RRB- 8 . Fallen For You-Ruby Blue - Love this song . It has a great beat and is s great song .9 . That 's What Girls Do-Ruby Blue - This is also a great song . I think that I like it better that the No Secrets version .10 . This TIme -LRB- Acoustic Version -RRB- - Dream Street - This is a good song . I like the origional better though .11 . Jennifer Goodbye -LRB- New Version -RRB- - This is such a great song . I like this onw a whole lot better than the origional.I love this CD and I love Dream Street . I encourage you to by this CD . It will be money well-spent . Hurry up and buy it before someone like me goes and buys it before you do !!!!!
 This cd is awesome !!!!! I saw the movie at the Beacon Thetre in NYC and it was awesome !!!! after the show I got to meet Chris and Kaila the stars of the movie !!! The soundtrack is great , Chris is also not to mention totally hot !!! The songs on the cd are awesome !!! If your into the softer ballads you 'll love `` With All My Heart , and `` I Miss You '' -LRB- this song makes me cry -RRB- if you like the upbeat type songs you 'll really like `` Run Away '' and `` Fallen For You '' by Ruby Blue . If you like the romantic type songs , your sure to fall in love with `` Your Taking Me Over '' , and `` I 'm Gon na Make You Love Me '' . And lastly if your into some of the Dream Street classics they have cool new versions of `` It Happens Everytime '' , `` I Say Yeah '' , `` This Time '' and a hot version of `` Jennifer Goodbye '' . I loved this album and your sure to like it too !!! So got get it it 's ... . AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Overeall , I gave this CD 3.5 stars . If you are a pop music lover , you will most likely love this CD . I was , sort of , but I do n't listen to this CD as must as I did when I first got it .1 . It Happens Every Time Dance Remix -LSB- tHREE -RSB- This song is cute and catchy . . you 'll like it if you enjoy listening to Jesse repeat `` down on dream street . . '' I acutlly prefer this over the original though .2 . I 'm Gon na Make You Love Me -LSB- fOUR -RSB- This is one of my favorites . Yes , it is a little repetitve , but still cute .3 . I Miss You New Version -LSB- tHREE -RSB- I used to love this song . . but something about their voices is different .4 . Run Away -LSB- f * VE -RSB- Ruby Blues ' songs are my favorite . Their cute and not totally bubblegum .5 . You 're Taking Me Over -LSB- tHREE -RSB- Another song I used to love , but their `` new '' voices changed my mind .6 . With All My Heart -LSB- fOUR.fiVE -RSB- This song is adorable . It 's the first track I listen to whenever I pop the CD into my stereo .7 . I Say Yeah - New Version -LSB- fOUR -RSB- Another remix that I prefer over the old one . I just love Jesse/Matt 's part . . do n't you ? The sound is cheap though -LSB- the music . . not voices -RSB- 8 . Fallen For You -LSB- f * VE -RSB- Like I said before , RB 's songs are awesome . Deffintely a must-listen to song .9 . That 's What Girls Do -LSB- fOUR.fiVE -RSB- Catchy , cute . . but I like the No Secrets ' version more .10 . This Time -LSB- fOUR -RSB- Not exalty what I thought I would hear . They basically took the old track and swtiched the music . Yet , it 's still a cute song .11 . Jennifer Goodbye -LSB- thREE -RSB- Well , I never liked the song to begin with . However , this one is a little better , due to their voices -LSB- unlike imy and tmo -RSB-
 I totally agree with the first 2 comments , but the second two , you two have NO CLUE what you 're talking about !!!! To quote Greg Raposo -LRB- of DS -RRB-
 Just Got the Cd in the mail today . . The whole Cd itself is just AWESOME.My all Time FAV is With All My Heart ! The Guys sound So much more mature on this Album . . So if ur Debating on weather or not ur gon na buy the Cd . . u HAve Got 2 Buy This . . This CD ROCKZ !! . . And if u do n't Buy it . . well U r TOTALLY MISSING out!P.S . I SAW the TRALIOR 4 the Movie On The CD . . The Movie looks So GooD and CHRIS is TOTALLY HOT ! DOES ANYONE KNOW WHEN THE MOVIE IS SUPPOSE TO COME OUT ?? Thanx a Dream Street Fan !
 I have n't bought it yet but I 've heard some of the songs from downloading them and I 've heard the originals of all the remixes ... So I 'm sure this will be as fantastic as ever ! It 's a pity they 're not still together but this will be a good tribute to the original five for the true fans to order !
 I love Dream Street , The Biggest Fan , and -LRB- most importantly -RRB- this cd.The Biggest Fan cd includes songs from Dream Street -LRB- of corse -RRB- , Ruby Blue , and Play.Which are three amazing artists.So you can buy a great cd which has the best boy band in the world on it or you can make a huge mistake and not but this cd.It would be a huge mistake because The Biggest Fan cd is not in print any more.So stop reading this rewiew and buy The Biggest Fan cd right this instant or else you 'll be very sorry.Dream Street Rocks Now and Will Rock FOREVER !!!!!!!!!!!!! Peace Out , Dream_Street_Lover
 I got the cd today -LRB- and it was FREE :-RRB- Anyway , I think it 's a good cd and good songs ! Ruby Blue , Dream Street , Play everyone is awesome ! And You 're taking me over is my favourite !!
 IT HAS SO MANY AWSOME SONGS . CHRIS WAS TOTALLY TALENTED . EVEN THOUGH I AM AN ANTI-KAYLA AMARIAH -LRB- SORRY FANZ OF KAYLA -RRB- , AND ANTI-PLAY -LRB- SORRY -RRB- , I LIKED THE CD . ESPECIALLY RUBY BLUE , I NEVER HEARD OF THEM BEFORE BUT I LISTENED TO THEIR SONGS , THEY ARE AWSOME , AND DREAM STREET HAS SUCH A GREAT TALENT ! : -RRB-
 I loved this cd it was so great . Dream Streets sound has matured and they really do great plus ruby blue is awesome . And of course Chris and Play . I HIGHLY reccomend this for any pop or Dream Street fan.Lots of LoveAmber Trousdale aka Amber Johnston
 omg Chris I love you Omg ! im me online k babe ! I love you so much ! No I am not a teenybopper ive been in love w / him since he was 8 and he even gave me his sn ! I LOVE WITH ALL MY HEART !
 Seriously , has there ever been a better album cover than this . You 've got a girl who looks about 11 dreaming about 5 clowns that look about 10 years old . The one inside the heart looks like a cross between Fred Savage and Donny Osmond with velcro hair . I could laugh at him for hours , but you need to leave time to laugh at the other four . Two of them have their shirts open as if we are supposed to be in awe of their toughness and build . A good breeze would blow these two into a trash can . The other two pretty much look like their 8 and hope their parents got them tickets to the circus so they get some cotton candy . I do n't even see a need to review the music because the cover pretty much says it all . What do you think you 're going to get from this disc , a well rounded musical sound with deep lyrics ? Nope , you 're going to get bubble gum mushy puke written by dorks that wish girls liked them when they were growing up . The five tools will dance around and lip sync like champs to win over the Lizzie Mcguire crowd.This stuff is hilarious .
 I really love chris trousdale out of dreamstreet he is so cute I just love to meet him even if it is just for two seconds but unfortunley I am in Midlands not in america but if i was in america I would go to any place that dreamstreet was in
 ... for petes sake , dissing a band , just because they lip-sync in their videos , does n't mean they ... have no talent . What people do n't realize is how hard it is to sing -LRB- good -RRB- and dance at the same time , it gets very difficult , so 99 % percent of the time the next best thing to actually singing in the video is ... you guessed it , lip-syncing . Lip-syncing is as stupid a reason to diss a group as any , because almost ALL of the popular artists you know and love today do it , lip-syncing , did not start with Dream Street.And further more , I think these guys are pretty good . ...
 ok chris trousdale is sooooo gorgeous in the movie and the soundtrack is soo good omg so hot !! hes also the sweetest guyy in the world !
 This cd is awesome ! It is a must get for everyone who is a fan of the real Dream Street . The guys sound so good on With All My Heart . The cd would be better if just Dream Street was just on it though lol . Ruby Blue is OK though . But other than that this cd is the best !
 i 've always loved dream street and always will . the songs they have on this cd show how talented these five young singers really are . their voices have improved immensley since their first cd , though that one was great also . in these songs , their talent shines through , and each individual has a great voice -LRB- heart-melting , if u ask me -RRB- . so support dream street and buy this sound track today . we love you guys and support you all the way!ps - jesse is the hottest guy that ever walked the earth !! lol
 Ok this is Dream Street ... what more can i say ? they are great and have amazing voices ! This cd is awesome and the movie is too ! The songs are catchy and u can tell there is a major voice change compared to their first cd . Also the song , With All My Heart , gets to me every time i listen to it its such a great song ... one of their BEST ! ok so anyways all i 'm saying even though its been forever since the CD came out and since the Dream Street brake up that doesnt mean that you still ca n't support them ... so hurry up and get the CD cuz there really isnt that many copies left , well the last time i checked there was n't ... ok thats all i got ta say .
 This cd is sooo awsome . I love chris he is sooo totally hot ! I just got a christmas cd and he is on it . With his song i so love , `` wild christmas '' This movie is going to rock . I am so there to see it . this cd is just like their other ones All Awsome . Please get this cd ! Chris is the best singer in the whole world !!!
 This is a totally awesome CD ! I loved it and still love it ! lol if u like pop music and hot guys , you will love this CD ! It has 7 great songs by Dream Street , 3 surprisingly awesome songs by Ruby Blue and everyones favorite , I 'm Gon na Make You Love Me by Play . These guys may be young but they have alot of talent ! If I were you , I 'd pick up this cd be4 they 're gone!DS ROCKS !
 This soundtrack goes PERFECT with The Biggest Fan movie -LRB- hint , hint -- good as a gift together -RRB- . This CD has Dream Street , obviously , and a group called Ruby Blue . Their songs are very catchy , and you 'll be singing along in no time .
 i first seen the biggest fan on nick , and unfortuantly it didnt come out in this country -LRB- uk -RRB- i totally lurve it , the music in the film is great and this album is a must have !!!!!
 JESSE MCCARTNEY IS SOOO DARN HOT AND HE 'S EVEN BETTER ON HIS SOLO ALBUM `` BEAUTIFUL SOUL '' SO IF UR BUYING THIS ONE , THEN BUY BEAUTIFUL SOUL TOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! CUZ BELIEVE ME , ITZ AMAZINGLY BRILLIENT !
 ok this is suchhhhhhhhhhhhhh a great cd ! I 'M SO ANOYED WITH EVERYONE SAYING THERE LITTLE KIDS OK GET THIS THREW YOUR HEAD THEY 'RE ALMOST 20 WHEN THEY DID THIS CD THEY WERE 16/17 YEARS OLD OK THEY 'RE NOT LITTLE KIDS ! lol but the cd omg amazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzing !!!!!!!!!! in love in love in loooooooooooooooove with it there voices are hypnotizing !!!!!!!! i love them !
 This has to be my new fav . cd . The boiz sound so good on it , so does Ruby Blue . The best song is With All My Heart , I Miss , U , I say yeah -LRB- new version -RRB-
 I got the CD today and it is SOO GOOD ! ... You can also put it in your computer and go to the website and it plays little trailers from the movie ... It is very good and I have been listening to 4 hours straight . If you are a Dream Street fan , this CD is a must .
 WOW , this cd is way more then I excepected , I new this cd would be great but . . its soo AWSOME , lets put it that way lol ! I think EVERY one should at least listen to all of it , especally pop lovers ! GO GET THIS CD DS FANS , IT ROCKS = 0 -RRB- We love you DS now & Forever !
 Chris is so hot and if u have seen the film bigest fan you would want to think it was you waking up and chris trousdale was in your bed with you !!!
 The songs are great , a must have 4 ds fans . I got it when it first came out , and i 'm not dissapointed with the music . My fav song is `` I 'm gon na make u love me '' It was a duet with play , Chris ' voice is so lush . And they all have matured . The only thing i think they could of done better was the cover , but it was great other wise.AND CHRIS IS SO HOT !!!!! xxxLOVE U CHRISXXXFROMNO 1 CHRIS FAN !!!
 This CD is really good . It has new versions of their old songs and new ones , too . Their voices sound better than ever . If you like Dream Street , you have to buy this CD !!!!!!!
 As i am listening to this after more than 15 years of not playing this Lp -LRB- i have the vinyl edition -RRB- i would like to say that this is still pretty good if you love 70 's prog rock . I am sure the other works that followed Collage are great too as many reviewers have stated , but this has a nice , raw appeal . And even though many have said this is only drums , keys and bass there are a couple of nice tracks which include ` orchestral ' arrangement.There is also some guitar here and there . But is the melodies that of course grab you after a few spins . Very nice surprise after not really giving them much thought over the years . Looking foward to listening to the other 3 cds that followed !
 Le Orme is an example of a band drastically changing their sound , this time for the better . A good comparison would be Genesis with From Genesis to Revelation , which was basically psychedelic pop , and Trespass , which was their first truly progressive album . Likewise with Le Orme . In 1969 they released Ad Gloriam , which was psychedelic pop , and then in 1971 they followed it with Collage , which was their first truly progressive album -LRB- although the album Orme released in ' 70 , L'aurora Della Orme was basically a collection of early recordings , stretching as far back as 1967 -RRB- . Both Genesis and Le Orme knew that psychedelic pop was reaching a dead end and thanks to King Crimson releasing In the Court of the Crimson King , and a year later , ELP with their debut , it was time to move on to prog rock . With Le Orme 's case , the band switched from a label called Car Juke Box , to Philips , with two band members leaving , Claudio Galieti and Nino Smeraldi , leaving the band down to a three piece , with bassist/guitarist/vocalist Aldo Tagliapietra , keyboardist Toni Pagliuca , and drummer Michi dei Rossi . The result is being Collage , an often unjustly underrated album . This album is not as highly regarded as their next three albums , Uomo di Pezza , Felona e Sorona , and Contrappunti , which I ca n't figure out why . This album is more aggressive and unpolished than what 's typical from them . The album has a live `` in the studio '' feel , making me think some of this was recorded in one take -LRB- although the album did take about four weeks to complete , recorded from May 17 to June 3 , 1971 according to the album liner notes -RRB- . The title track is an instrumental piece that makes me think of The Nice , although there 's some classical themes played on a clavinet . `` Era Inverno '' reminds me something Franco Battiato did on his album Fetus -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , but without the bizarre electronic effects . `` Cemento Armato '' mainly consists of a lengthy organ solo . The organ here is heavily fuzzed , Pagliuca 's organ work here reminds me of Vincent Crane or Jon Lord ! `` Evasione Totale '' is a bizarre experiment , often reminding me of those Krautrock bands at the same time . Toni Pagliuca gives us some really nice spacy organ . I just love the bass work Aldo Tagliapietra gives us here , and there 's nice jazzy passages . `` Immagini '' is dominated by organ , and synthesizer -LRB- although the album does n't mention one -RRB- , with that late '60s gimmick of Aldo Tagliapietra electronically modifying his voice . The one thing totally missing on Collage is the romantic balladry you find on Uomo di Pezza , you wo n't find anything like `` Gioco di Bimba '' or `` Una Dolcezza Nuova '' here . This album really deserves more credit . Yes , it 's often acknowledged that this album helped launch the Italian prog scene -LRB- much like In the Court of the Crimson King did with prog in general some two years before -RRB- , but in light of their following three albums , it 's often overlooked and underrated . A wonderful album that I highly recommend .
 Do you want to listen to a XX Century Domenico Scarlatti ? You just have to dive into one of the greatest progressive bands of all times . Begin with `` Collage '' , their first masterpiece , and keep going on . Avoid `` Smogmagica '' .
 This is one of the greatest album of 70 's progressive rock . This is really good chance to develop your pop music knowledge . They were one of the best Italian band ever with P.F.M. , Osana , New Trolls and Latte E Miele .
 Move over ELP . Le Orme e ' qui . This Italian tresome is the Italian answer to ELP . But , this is not just a `` copy '' band -- like the Beatle clones Badfinger and Grapefruit were back in the late 60 's early 70 's . Le Orme has their own distinct sound and style . `` Cemento Armato '' -LRB- reinforced concrete -RRB- is my favorite piece . This song addresses the problems of city living -- pollution , overcrowding , etc. . This song is presented with such passion that you can literally feel the anger and frustration.There are those that say Collage is not Le Orme 's best work . I disagree . And , I am sure you will too once you give this CD a listen . I strongly recommend this CD -- especially if you like music from such acts as PFM , the New Trolls , and ELP .
 This is my favorite italian progressive cd , I see in my life 3 times this band on stage , and everytime people wants to listen songs like cemento armato , sguardo verso il cielo and the instrumental collage , they usually opens the concerts with this songs , is because is one of the best work of the band ever and not only because I say this!The other is felona and sorona.I 'm proud to be italian for one another good reason !
 This was one of my first introductions to Le Orme -LRB- I got the LP decades ago -RRB- . It is still among my favorites . Sure , it is not as grandly conceptual `` F+S '' or as precious as `` Florian '' , but I feel that it is all-too-often underappreciated . If you are a fan , then this is an essential album , as you can hear the dramatic transistion from the lovely pop psychadelia of `` Ad Gloriam '' to the grand progressive sound for which they are best known . From the opeining number - the cleverly titled `` Collage '' - largely assembled from bits of pieces by Scarlatti and other great Italian composers of the Baroque era - the album combines strong classical references , heavy-keyboard laden prog , beautiful acoustic pieces such in a gorgeous tenor -LRB- sounds like a description for early ELP , yes ? -RRB- . Though many compare Le Orme with ELP , and I am one of them , this is not a negative comment on the Italian band . They are not derivative of ELP , they are contemporary practitioners of the same musica direction . `` Collage '' is from 1971 , so just after the first ELP release . In my opinion , the early albums by Le Orme stand up as equals to the early ELP albums -LRB- and I am a huge fan of both -RRB- . So rather than reading all those reviewers who pick nits about what is better , etc - my advice is simple - if you love the very early ELP albums -LRB- especially the first -RRB- , then Le Orme 's `` Collage '' will probably appeal to you very much . It 's that simple - this is not a case of someone saying that a band sounds like old Yes and you discover that they sound more like Foreigner -LRB- I just had that unpleasant experience with the band Aelian -RRB- . Le Orme is a contemporary band to ELP and equal in musical and vocal stature -LRB- sorry to all exclusively anglophile proggers , but Italian prog is essential too ! -RRB- . `` Collage '' is an essential album not only in Italian Prog , but as an early -LRB- and fantastic -RRB- example of Progressive rock 's majestic blending of classical influence and mind-expanding daring . Plus , the singing is truly beautiful - Aldo Tagliapietra counts as one of the great prog singers from the era when good singing actually mattered -LRB- think Lake , Anderson , Gabriel , di Giacomo -RRB- . I must disagree with the earlier reviewer who said that there are no memorable songs on the album - some of my favorite pieces by Le Orme are contained herein , melodies that I hum , songs that I sing . It is all here - get this one - it is to Italian prog what `` The Yes Album '' is to English prog -LRB- and you would n't even DREAM of not having `` the Yes Album '' now would you ? -RRB-
 The American violinist Louis Kaufman -LRB- 1905-1994 -RRB- can claim an obscure , yet seminal contribution to music in the 20th century -LRB- not to be confused with 20th century music -RRB- . In 1947 , he recorded , for the Concert Hall Society label , a piece by an obscure Venetian composer , vaguely remembered only through some transcriptions made by Bach . The composer was Antonio Vivaldi and the composition was The Four Seasons -LRB- now available on Naxos , Vivaldi
 After the first minute into this disc you will swear you are listening to Shirley Scott , or Jack McDuff , or Jimmie Smith , but it 's not . Akiko knows the truth about this instrument . She displays its beauty like few have and can now . To the Hammond sickos , and you know who you are , this is the new day . Akiko and this group secure the guitar/organ jazz tightly . The swing is natural and funky , not forced or over syncopated . I ca n't wait to see what the coming years have in store . I have a new Hammond hero !
 My husband loves the B-3 . I found this disc searching for some new music and he really enjoys her delivery and style . It 's updated and fresh .
 I first experienced Akiko live at the Markeim Arts Center in Haddonfield , NJ.She totally wowed the audience . This little gal can swing ! I bought the CD and love it . Great backup group too .
 The success of Sweet And Funky would not only bring Akiko Tsuruga to the top of thejazz charts in 2007 , but it even solidifies her reputation as an international star on theHammond B-3 organ , thanks to her live club performances and debut hit album in 2004 . Since releasing her first album Harlem Dreams , Tsuruga would begin her mighty prolificrecording career and artistic immortality , as she resumes with this highly superchargedblockbuster that is well-showcased with explosive Hammond organ solos , high-rockingatmosphere and creative arrangements which had made her a bonafide jazz star in hernative Japan and elsewhere . Filled with unique compositions such as Meannie Queenie , the serendipity-driven Mushi Mushi and DRG , as well as on standards , including SweetAnd Lovely , Polka Dots And Moonbeams and even a superb take on Whitney Houston ` sSaving All My Love For You , Sweet And Funky will deliver us you the type of perfectionand grand performance to whom we come to expect from a master jazz organist . Alsoselected by many critics in the `` Ten Best CD 's of 2007 '' , Sweet And Funky have evenbrought her to the top of in Down Beat 's critics poll during that same year which alsomade this blockbuster hit a timeless classic and wonderful music experience that willdefinitely live on for the ages . P.S.
 EXTREME WARNING
 I think this CD is cool . The cumbias in it are awesome and the other songs are great . I have seen these guys before in live and can they put on a show . You just have to listen to Juan EL Enano , Muchachita , and Palabras de Amor . They are the cumbias that I love.Juanita
 I saw these guys play for about 15 people at CBGB last summer -- it was handsdown one of the best performances I ever saw to an nearly empty room.I find it offensive that they get slapped with the `` hardcore '' label . They 're a band that plays for the love of their own music while not being preachy about it . Very few bands that wave the banner of `` hardcore '' can even hold a candle to these guys.Something tells me we 're going to be hearing a lot more from this band in the not-so-distant future .
 Called this talentless stoner/doom . I do n't hear it . I love the `` This sucks - listen to ______ instead '' reviews . Very effective . I hear some early 90 's noise , Black Flag , Discharge and Unsane influence . I 've lots heard stoner and doom , this is n't . Go check out The Emissions From The Monolith Festival in Youngstown and research these genres . I worked a Cursed gig in Baltimore with a couple of other what I call `` kiddie bands '' and could n't beleive they were part of the same tour package . Awesmome band and solid dudes . Guitarist played with three broken fingers on the old pick hand . Crazy .
 as a fan of one , i was initially dissappointed when this arrived in the mail . it seemed to lack the urgency , immediacy and rawness of one . the drums sounded flat and buried in the mix . the guitars sounded weak and i did n't appreciate the mastering -LSB- note that i was listening to two through headphones -RSB- . once i got home and gave it a blast on the stereo , my opinion changed rapidly . the songs may not be as strong as say polygraph , bloody mary or opposable thumbs but in my opinion this sets two apart from one , in a postive way - instead of releasing an album in the same vein as one , cursed have changed things up . without a doubt the lyrical content is as strong as one . bottom line
 This is a great album for people who love romantic songs from the early sixties and thereabouts . All In The Game , Only Love Can Break a Heart , You 've Lost That Lovin ' Feeling , Etc. . Glen still has a great set of pipes and makes the listener feel young again . JDK
 I was given this CD as a gift a few months back , and it has n't left my CD changer since . I would describe Joseph Arthur as a heady mix between Jeff Buckley and Ryan Adams . He transitions from the elegant , moody introspection of Buckley to the romping alt-country of Adams in a snap without reason or need for apology . He creates rich harmonies through falcetto and intricate bass lines - you 'll find yourself singing along with the opening title-track -LRB- which will remind you of David Grey -RRB- , and not stopping until the closing song
 Just listen to it ... you 'll be an instant Joseph Arthur fanatic .
 Very good music but received my cd almost 1 month !! Extremely slow service .
 This CD by Mr. Arthur is one to be purchased at any cost . For by doing so , one will receive the joy that only accompanies ears wedded to genius . Sir Arthur supplies each listener with their very own version of protuistic heloninmint.I was stunned to discover that this musical King was born in Ohio , for I had gripped much deeper demons in each of his previous efforts . But that is to say too much , correct?I will terminate this review with a suggestion
 When I heard a review of this album on NPR a few months ago , I had to pull over to the side of the road and listen . I 'd never heard of Joseph Arthur before , but the strength of his lyrics -LRB- what little I heard -RRB- made me wonder who he was and where I could find his work . I bought `` Some to Where I 'm From '' and `` Redemption 's Son '' at the same time and am now driving my coworkers crazy with it . I 'm not usually the kind of person who slavers over an artist , but I now recommend those two albums to anyone I know who 've lost love , faith , or perspective and think about how to get any of those things back . `` Honey and the Moon '' as well as `` Exhausted '' spoke to me on a visceral level and `` Dear Lord '' has converted a few of my friends to Joseph Arthur 's introspective style and occasionally creepy imagery .
 For those that know Joseph Arthur , this is easily his best album to date . . for those that do n't let me put it this way . They just do n't make albums like this much anymore . A journey of beauty and tension and poetry . He is a master of the art with few equals . I 'd trade half my record collection for this one album .
 I was given this CD as a gift a few months back , and it has n't left my CD changer since . I would describe Joseph Arthur as a heady mix between Jeff Buckley and Ryan Adams . He transitions from the elegant , moody introspection of Buckley to the romping alt-country of Adams in a snap without reason or need for apology . He creates rich harmonies through falcetto and intricate bass lines - you 'll find yourself singing along with the opening title-track -LRB- which will remind you of David Grey -RRB- , and not stopping until the closing song
 I weary about whether Redemption 's Son would be as amazing as Come To Where I 'm From , but I was truly blown away by the variety of styles and songs in this new Joseph Arthur work . Not only is is amazingly sung and played , but Arthur seems to project a depth that makes the music feel so personal . The best songs on the disc would have to `` September Baby '' , `` Nation of Slaves '' , `` Blue Lips '' , `` You 've Been Loved '' as well as the title track . For anyone who wants to be emotionally moved , this is the disc to submerse yourself in . A musical wonder .
 There 's no getting around it
 This is a truly inspiring artist . Joseph Arthur not only sings - he writes the songs , plays the instruments , and makes his own sleeve art . This is not like those cd 's where you play it a few times , know the lyrics cover to cover and need to toss it out due to sheer boredom . Rather it 's the cd that will need a permanent spot in the rotation . With each listen you will hear something new , and be able to peel back each layer of complex sound and lyrics . I am still trying to figure out Joseph Arthur - he has a definite spiritual influence , yet is infatuated with the vulnerable and so willing to express frustrations with the undefined . Like in Favorite Girl - `` I have been so happy being unhappy with you ... . Pretending to be someone you know nothing about . I wish you were someone I knew nothing about . '' This cd is a definite must have for the collection . Be the first amongst your friends to discover Joseph Arthur so you can take the credit for `` discovering '' one of music 's best kept secrets ! He is definitely on his way to great things ...
 For any fan , or the soon to be newly converted , Redemption 's Son is a stunning collection of incredibly written and performed songs by one of the world 's most underrated artists . This disc is a significant step forward from his previous efforts and is immediately engaging . Buy it now .
 You either have it or you do n't . Joseph Arthur has IT . `` It '' being soul . Along with the gift of soul , Arthur also has the gift of being a talented songwriter . This is his second record for Peter Gabriel 's label and it picks up where `` Come To Where I 'm From '' left off . I recently read somewhere that Ben Harper was a fan and hopefully Arthur can build a slow but steady word of mouth following by opening for someone like Harper . If you like soulful singer songwriters with a message then Joseph Arthur can do you no wrong . Standout cuts include `` Redemption 's Son '' , `` Nation Of Slaves '' & `` Permission '' .
 This is probably my favorite Joseph Arthur album he 's the kind of artist I think would be an intresting person to meet . He 's also the kind of artist you can listen to at night and dream of places you 've never been but plain to , or even just hope to visit . On a subtle summer afternoon you can listen to him and almost take joy in the mosquitos biting . You can even listen to him on a hard rainy day and be happy in the midst of a great depression . This musician , on this album especially , has the ability to mellow out any great feelings of sorrow or ectasy and just make you feel content . And you get your moneys worth with eighteen tracks.And to Vincent , Please , in the future can you refrain from confusing someones beleifs with the quality of their music ?
 I saw Joseph Arthur open for REM . I had never heard of him and was instantly hooked . Let his music speak for itself and you will be too . It 's a wake-up call for your soul .
 Absolute brilliance . I will never get tired of this album , its a shame that people are missing out of this . Give yourself the present of this album .
 Truly an accomplishment . The last album was amazing too but it required a lot from the listener . This one sails like the wind.It 's amazing how the most talented in the world are so often the least well-known . The production is ambitious but gorgeous . . Joe may have outdone T-bone this time . I hear the album is going to be released in the US sometime this year . I hate to diss anyone but Jeff Buckley was not this good .
 Two superbly crafted pop songs seduce us into Arthur 's third albumn . Deeply introspective , often perplexed , Arthur sings to save himself , though the rewards are are n't necessarily a renewal of energy . He rarely shakes free of a fog of resignation . This makes the more exhuberant , ` Let 's Embrace ' , ` In the Night ' , or ` Permission ' less convincing , an impression overscored by the inappropriateness of the Gabriel signature sound . For the most part though -LRB- and this is a long CD -RRB- , the production palette is not excessively lavish . ` Termite 's Song 's ' moog & dulcimer mantra recalls the innocence of the Donovan who gave us Songs For Children ; fragile , nacrescent as the inside of an abelone shell , held to the ear . By far the better part of the albumn is a genuine treasure . Those enticed by this work may wish to investigate Melbourne 's , David Bridie whose , ` Act Of Free Choice ' runs in parallel to Arthur 's palette .
 If you are a fan of Joseph one of two things may be apparent upon listening to Redemption 's Son . You will find either you do n't think it 's as good as his last album -LRB- s -RRB- , in which case you have stagneted and failed to grow . The other option is that you have evolved and can realise that it is quite likely the best album ever made . Bob Dylan , Tom Waits , Kurt Cobain , and Nick Drake can all go home . I do not mean that those guys are anything less than what we have understood them to be , it 's just that Joseph Arthur is a superior musician/songwriter . By the way this album will be domesticly released in November 2002 , and will have two extra tracks `` Dear Lord '' -LRB- which is on `` Junkyard Hearts 2 '' -RRB- and a new song `` Your Embrace '' .
 Joseph Arthur is one of the most underrated recording artists in the western world , he is a perfect mix of the two current popular styles of music neo-folk and digitized indie rock . What sets him apart from the hype machine products such as for example bright eyes is the naturallly organic way that it all comes together . Definately buy this one and `` our shadows will remain instead of downloading because the art in the booklet is worth it alone .
 another one of my rare 5 star reviews . all of his work is great so you ca n't go wrong on any of his albums , but this is the masterpiece . cliche-time
 I LOVE this cd . I 've been trying to decide how to describe it ... he 's sort of a blend of Ben Harper , Jack Johnson , Howie Day , Peter Gabriel , Neil Finn ... . His music has so many dimensions and textures , it 's hard to categorize . The variety in the sounds and moods is amazing . This is the kind of disc you want to put on in your car , roll down all the windows , and drive a winding road at night under the stars . Or just sit and listen to . Every time I listen , I hear new things , and just like the cd more and more . Usually I like parts of a cd , or a couple songs , but this is a complete work . Great stuff !
 I first heard `` Honey and the Moon '' on my alarm when I woke up one morning and I thought `` This is the best song to start the day with !! '' Unfortunately I did n't find out the name of the song nor who sang it , but a few weeks later i heard it again -LRB- still not discovering its identity -RRB- but I had a friend locate it for me and BAM !! I bought the `` Redemption 's Son '' and currently listen to it everyday . I was a little skeptical about buying a whole CD for one song , but it turns out I made a good decision . The songs vary in style which makes listening a pleasure instead of a chore . From the placid `` Honey and the Moon '' to the bluesy `` Dear Lord '' to the almost dance-mix `` In the Night '' this CD has a lot to offer people into several diffent music genres .
 I learned of Joseph Arthur while on the Enjoy Records website , where they had the looped intro of ` Honey and the Moon ' playing . The small 15 second clip caught my interest and the next day I purchased a copy of ` Redemtion 's Son . ' What I got -LRB- to my complete surprise -RRB- was one of the best records of the year . Joseph Arthur is a brilliant singer/songwriter who has a very broad , hard-to-classify style that does n't feel over-experimental or conviction lacking . Every song is wonderfully different and hauntingly beautiful . From the Dylan-esque ` Dear Lord ' to the smoothe and intellegent ` Favorite Girl . ' This is the perfect album for a lazy Sunday afternoon and I highly recommend it .
 I first discovered Joseph Arthur a month ago . He was the opening act for R.E.M. . They wanted him as their opener so they could see him play live . I figured he has to be pretty good if they like him . First of all he was a one man band . He had a machine that recorded a beat or tune at the beginning then he kept adding to it . He sang and played the guitar along with the songs . It was really good.After doing some research , I come to find out he has four albums out . I just started listening to them , starting with Redemption 's son and I think it is a masterpiece . He has a unique quality that is hard to find on any radio station these days . You can listen to it over and overfrom start to finish . Now I wished that I had heard of him before I saw him in concert and I would have appreciated his music a lot more .
 I had bought Big City Secrets many years ago when it first came out based solely upon that fact that Peter Gabriel felt that Joseph Arthur was intriguing enough to enlist as the first American artist on the Real World label . Now I have just recently bought `` Redemption 's Son '' several years later . Based on the first three times around the CD I feel that perhaps Joseph Arthur is even more `` intriguing '' now than when he was first signed to the label.I gave the album 4 stars , knowing that it will grow on me with time and likely become worthy of a higher score . But this album seems more immmediately listenable than his first effort . The production is more elaborate , the vocals more layered , the sound more textured . Whereas his first album was striking for the nakedness of the sounds and lyrics , I feel that Redemption 's Son is perhaps a bit more restrained , refined , and introspective -LRB- in a good way -RRB- . There 's also a real variety among melodies , from mid-tempo almost pop-ballad , to a little country swagger , to a harsher noisier rock , to a slow plaintive croon . Yet through all of these , his sound and voice remain unmistakable , and there is a genuine `` soulful '' quality througout the melodies -LRB- even beyond the spiritualistic lyrics -RRB- . I think that this is what sets him apart from many other artists -- he seems to have a true vision and mission to his music , and with time he 's lending a more distinctive , refined and unique voice to that . I do n't think it is either necessary or fair to make comparisons to other artists -LRB- because I doubt that he considers that much himself -RRB- . Instead I would encourage people to give this album a real close listen , because it wo n't be like any other album in your collection .
 After hearing but a snippet of him on Carson Daly 's late night show I realized I had n't heard anything this euphoric in a long , long time . I experienced that giddiness that happens only once in a great while , when you know you 've heard something too good to be heard only once . I ordered the CD the following day and discovered to my absolute amazement that the entire CD is as wonderful and blissful as my initial ` snippet ' . The songs go through my head and I literally ca n't wait 'til I 'm able to sit back and listen to the entire CD without interruption.I 'd never heard of Joseph Arthur before , but have a feeling he 'll be a Someone in most music circles before long . He 's got it - it 's wonderful , wonderful stuff .
 Wondeful album . Buy it . But do n't listen to the guy who said that every song comes to the same conclusion
 There 's some similarity with his previous release , `` Come to Where I 'm From '' . It 's unfair to try and compare any artist this way -- however one thing is consistent from his last release . When listening to this CD , I feel like I 'm taking a journey - some place familiar yet also new . It 's best listened to , without using the `` skip '' button . There are some favorite tracks -- `` I would rather hide '' or `` in the night '' -- these , among others , makes a standout single . That being said , it 's more satisfying to listen to this album like reading a book , let each chapter complement each succeeding chapter .
 Joseph Arthur continue to put out one brilliant song after another on this CD , as his last 2 CDs , 1 EP , and multitude of `` unofficial '' CDs . No one comes close to the intensity and depth of human emotions and psyche as Arthur does . Unclassifiable , yet classifiably brilliant . Do n't let him slip by the masinstream . Get this and as much of his other music as you can !
 It 's a shame that Joseph Arthur 's latest release is only available on import to fans here in the U.S. , but it 's well worth the added cost . It is really a quite different listen from its majestic predecessor , `` Come To Where I 'm From '' , but shows how far his songwriting has evolved.At first listen , `` Redemption 's Son '' is easily his most accessible and pop-worthy record to date but it also contains his strongest collection of songs . The tracks are packed with beautiful lyrics/melodies and lush harmonies and a few of the tracks are especially reminiscent of an early 90 's World Party sound . Highlights include
 I first heard of Joseph Arthur from a friend . Because has reccomended several great albums to me , I went out and bought this album the next week without having really heard anything from it . The first song I heard when I put it on was the title track , and it truly blew me away . Next up was `` Honey and the Moon . '' This song is one of the best songs I have ever heard . So , two tracks into the album and I was already hooked . The rest of the album lives up to the high standard Joseph Arthur sets so early on . `` Favorite Girl , '' `` September Baby , '' `` Nation of Slaves , '' and `` Blue Lips '' are among other favorites . I have been playing this album pretty consistently in the 4 months since I purchased it , and in that time , I have made several other people Joseph Arthur fans . This guy has the potential to be huge . Some of my friends who are only interested in electronic music love this record -- even my parents like it ! He maintains a broad appeal without compromising his intensity that recalls the likes of Kurt Cobain and Bruce Springsteen . Any fan of music should give this album a chance . I have the feeling we 'll be hearing much more from this man in years to come .
 I just imported this cd and have listened to it about 5 times now , and while it is another fantastic work from Joseph Arthur , it is not as good as his last opus . Come to Where I 'm From was as moody a record as one could ever dream of creating , and a lot that angst and depression is lost on this record . There are still tracks that deal with familiar Arthur themes -LRB- his father , drugs , losing a loved one -RRB- , but are not as powerful on this CD as on his last . I would have to compare this record more with Big City Secrets , though I might even say that his first record was a bit better than this one.Still , I give this record 4 stars because if one had never heard Big City Secrets or the amazing Come to Where I 'm From they would still consider this a masterwork . It 's a shame this record is not in the US , because it deserves a wide audience . In closing , highlights include Honey and the Moon , Evidence , Blue Lips , Redemption 's Son and the downright groovy Buy a Bag .
 So many artists struggle to put 10 songs on an album , of which maybe half could be considered decent . Joseph Arthur manages to create 16 for this album and there 's not a loser in the bunch.His songs are pure poetry surrounded by swirling layers of gorgeous music - sometimes simplistic folk , other times upbeat rock . But his lyrics carry each one with often times devastating results -LRB- in a good way -RRB- . Tales of love lost and struggles to love are the most common , but they never get tiring due to the diversity of the tracks.For those who do love this album as much as I do , check out Gavin DeGraw as well -LRB- his album Chariot is arguably the best of 2003 -RRB- . ebhp
 Redemption 's Son is the first Joseph Arthur album I purchased . I heard Honey and the Moon on a public radio station and just had to have it ... I was sold . I went out expecting this c.d. to be one of those where you pick one or two songs and play them on repeat . I was so wrong . Each song adds something great to this album . I can go through each track and think ... I know exactly what he 's talking about . Joseph has a beautiful voice and his music is full of emotion and passion . He uses a wide variety of musical backgrounds on this album and the thing I really love about him is how he uses so many different vocal tracks ... he uses his voice as much as he does other instruments . In my opinion he 's one of the better artists of today .
 Joseph Arthur 's previous album , `` Come to Where I 'm From '' , is an alternately haunting and enchanting record that seemed to sneak its way into your heart . Repeat listens to it reveal its brawny songcraft . The morose words and the mournful melodies convey that the man behind it had probably seen better days than when he wrote and recorded them ; he sounded as though it was all he could do to roll out of bed in the morning.Thankfully , `` Redemption 's Son '' seems to find him in better spirits , although that still is n't saying much -LRB- only a few of these tunes truly qualify as upbeat -RRB- . The real good news is that he appears to have taken some strides forward artistically , building upon what was already a solid foundation . This time around , his lyrics are more articulate and poetic , his arrangements more supple and complex.The first notes of the title track pull you in almost immediately and the voice is indeed the one we recognize from his last offering , but something is different . That voice is more alive this time -- he 's singing far above the whispery level he used for much of his previous offering -- and emotion that was hinted at and shown in flickers becomes far more evident.Then , track after track , Arthur reminds you why his previous album was worthy of several spins . Also , he gives you new reasons to listen on such songs as `` Dear Lord '' that make you want to clap and sing along . The contrast in mood between those and more gently melodic `` You Are The Dark '' only serves to intensify the effect of both.Put the two albums together and the end result is that of an artist who has worked his way out of an emotional funk by creating beautiful and powerful music that covers more ground than many artists can hope to cover in a career .
 No but pretty close . Definitely one of the most underated artists out there and the most underated album of the year . This is a 74 minute 55 second sonic masterpiece . Favorite songs on this in no order are
 I was introduced to Joseph Arthur on the American Wedding Soundtrack , from his song `` Honey & The Moon . '' I loved the song so much that I bought this album , and I was not disappointed . I plan to buy his previous albums now because this one was so good . He has a mellow style that is relaxing and refreshing at the same time . His songwriting is really , really good , and his voice and instrumentation are unique . This album is definately worth a few listens , as you discover how good it really is . Honey & The Moon is now one of my favorite songs , but other songs on here such as `` September Baby , '' `` Termite Song , '' `` Favorite Girl , '' `` Dear Lord , '' and `` You 've Been Loved '' are phenomenal . The album generally has a sad feel to it , but in my opinion , that 's the feeling from which the best art spawns . And this guy is no exception , his talent needs to be recognized , so buy the album !
 `` Redemption 's Son '' remains my favorite Joseph Arthur recording so far . Both a clever wordsmith and talented musician , Mr. Arthur weaves his insights , hopes , and fear into tight songs layered with sound effects but not cluttered from overindulgence . The production and packaging are top shelf , too .
 Another great album by one of the most interesting comtemporary singer-songwriters . Joseph Arthur draws of a wide-range of American music influences to create a unique and engaging sound all his own . He also does the art work on this and other albums which is interesting in its own right . If you do not own a Joseph Arther CD - this is an excellent one to start with .
 What to say about this album . The bottom line is there are some great , classic songs on here , then there are some not so good song . Luckily the cd has 16 tracks and is 75 minutes long so that even if you weed out the ones you do n't like you still have a lot of music to listen to . The problem is this cd has so many different types of songs in it that you really have to be a fan of all music I think to fully enjoy this album all the way through . It seems like he was trying to do a little of everything possible here , having some type of identity crisis or something . If I had to split the songs into seperate categories I would say we would have 1 -RRB- Classic Joe sound -LRB- which is basically him and his guitar with possible drum beat , singing from his heart about past or present girlfriends -RRB- 2 -RRB- pop/emo 3 -RRB- rock/grunge 4 -RRB- industrial 5 -RRB- countryNow I am not a fan of somewhat cheesy pop/emo songs or country , so that makes for a problem for me and this album . I love the classic sound where he just sings his poetry and let 's his voice and acoustic guitar work all the beauty , those song mostly comprise of this : Signature Joe sound
 Why ca n't the fellow sing about what he pleases ? He does it well , you do n't feel that he is after your soul , nor to cheat you out of your money . There may have been moments that the artist 's faith shined through in his music , but this is certainly not a preachy album and mostly explores those things that people play music to explore . He sings about lost love and broken hearts and broken lives and hope and joy . I bought this with seven other CDs and I was a little afraid because of the alleged religious theme , but it is one of my favorites . The sound is crisp and varied . It has none of the glitziness or fakeness of either CCM or a lot of modern music . You are immediately drawn in . This is a good album , full of good music and good lyrics . I suggest it .
 On his third album , Joseph Arthur takes his songwriting to a whole new level , while also blending in the techniques that made his first two albums so great . His distinctly rugged yet beautiful voice still conveys creative lyrics full of emotion , but this time he layers his voice several times over throughout the album to create ravishing harmonies and provide a more saturated sound . It 's almost like a whole choir of Josephs is providing you a personal serenade on every song . As usual , there is very unique instrumentation , fantastic production , and Joseph 's very own mesmerizing artwork . Highlights include `` Honey & The Moon '' , `` I Would Rather Hide '' , `` Evidence '' , and `` You Are The Dark '' . Overall a very impressive addition to Joseph 's discography .
 This is one of my favorite recent albums.If you 're familiar with Joseph Arthur 's work , you may find this album more mellow in tone than some of his past work . The themes and lyrics are very spiritual and introspective . The music is laid back much of the time , featuring beautiful instrumentation and some really interesting percussion styles . His music easily switches styles from folky to funky , between meditative ballads and soul-searching indy-style rock.Out of 16 songs -LRB- on the European version -RRB- , I think most of them are amazing , only a few songs seem a bit outshined by the brilliance of the rest of the album . Among my personal favorites are the wonderful title track , the oddly beautiful and melodic ` You could be in jail , ' the epic , 9 and 1/2 minute long ` Termite song , ' and the achingly intimate ` You are the dark . ' The lyrics on this album are beautiful and quite touching at times.For people unfamiliar with his work , I recommend this album as a great place to start . His work might appeal to fans of Beck , Peter Gabriel , Jim White , maybe Tori Amos & Cat Power ... Not that these artists are really so similar , but the introspective singer/songwriter thing is common between them.I think Joseph Arthur 's music deserves a much wider audience with this amazing album . Be among the first of your friends to ` discover ' this talented , young musician and share the joy !
 Being a South African I love to get back to my roots and hear the wonderful rhythms and sounds of Johnny Clegg . Johnny Clegg as always has a very distinctive ` african-type beat ' to his music and you just cant help getting up and joining in . This is great compilation of his work and a must for all Johnny Clegg fans .
 I was introduced to Johnny Clegg by my South African friend Jen . Clegg 's sound is infectious , ethnic , full of heart , and poppy . His songs are soul stirrers . This Best Of is a great introduction to Johnny . Even with Johnny 's more serious songs , you feel embraced by great arrangements and instrumentations . His voice is light yet full of strength and passion that cause a feeling like you are soaring , lifted invisibly upward.My favorite tracks are very familiar tracks for those who know Clegg 's work .1 -RRB- Scatterlings of Africa2 -RRB- I Call Your Name3 -RRB- Asimbonanga -LRB- this song is about Nelson Mandela -RRB- 4 -RRB- Great Heart5 -RRB- These DaysIf you are n't familiar with African music and feel a litle hestiant trying it out , Clegg is a great beginner 's choice that will lead you to discover more African artsts , perhaps like Asa or Angelique Kidjo.Peace !
 I liked this album a lot , particularly after visiting South Africa ; however , this album is missing some of his more famous songs . For example , how can you have a `` best of '' without `` Impi '' .
 If you like Johnny Clegg this is definitely for you . As usual the music sounds great and is worth replaying again and again . Buy it now .
 It worked for doug.c.Go ahead and complain . This double disc career retrospective is ripe for plucking from nitpicky fans who will gripe that a few favorite tracks are missing . Personally , I would have like to have seen `` She Was Hot '' or `` One Hit to the Body '' or `` Waiting on a Friend . '' But to quote a line from a Stones title , you ca n't always get what you want . However , if you 're a casual listener who 's looking for a pu-pu platter of the best of this incredible group , `` Forty Licks '' is the one and only way to go . The songs that appear here are flawless ; track after track we are treated to classics such as `` Satisfaction '' -LRB- the greatest rock and roll song ever made -RRB- , `` Start Me Up , '' `` Sympathy for the Devil , '' `` 19th Nervous Breakdown , '' and the achingly beautiful `` Wild Horses . '' Not only are the classics here in one spot , but the remastering provides a better , fuller sound that revitalizes each of these tracks . For the casual rock and roll lover , `` Forty Licks '' is near-impossible to resist . It 's two discs of unadulterated `` satisfaction . ''
 This is my favorite cd that I have ever bought . It be ` Every Ghetto , Every City ' -LRB- my personal fav . -RRB- , or Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- her soulful voice and introspective words inspire and move me . I have never really followed someone 's caree like thisr before , but she is just so inspiring . I feel really bad about the rumors that went around about her when she was with the Fugees . I LOVE YOU LAURYN !!! I am her # 1 fan . She is the best . You have to get this album . She deserved every Grammy that she got ! Go Lauryn !
 How can Lauryn possibly better this recording with future ones ? If it 's possible to wear a CD out , this will be the one that I 'll have to replace !! Well done Lauryn .
 This CD has touched me in ways I ca n't explain . A sista talking from the heart about life experiences that reflect all of our own realities . I mean please . The music is tight . Ms. Hill 's skills have been proven and here she proves them again . All those who do n't get it , have n't lived yet ; that 's all I can say . This CD is not just the bomb , it is a spiritual experience .
 This is a really great cd !!!!!! there are so many good songs , instead of a cd with just 1 good song . When I first listened to this cd I was amazed at how talented she is . My favorite song is the one dedicated to her son Zion . Youe MUST buy this cd , I promise it will never come out of your cd player !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 By far the best track on the CD is `` Ca n't take my eyes off of you '' . Its definitely worth the price of the entire CD .
 Her music is so inspiering to me . I just love her
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill was one of the deepest albums to be recorded by anyone let alone a rap artist . She took real-life experiences that too many of us have had to go through , and put them into beautiful lyrics , touching on every aspect , every emotion involved in the daily journey we call life . It reaches out to today 's adolescents and comforts them , letting them know that they 'll get through it no matter what . A truly down-to-earth album .
 I think that Lauryn has written this album not only from her heart but how GOD has wanted her to write it . You rarly see artists thank GOD anymore for the work he has done in their lives but Lauryn got up there when receiving her Grammy Awards and she thanked God and that was it . All I can say is she 's a woman of GOD , and that 's why I admire and respect her so much . All I know is that I am totally receivin ' her album . Keep up the great work Lauryn and keep livin ' for your creator and he will bless you even more than he has !! Love ya girl !!!
 I think this is one of the best albums from a female i have listened to in the last 10 months . The lyrics : Devine . The music : groovy .
 This album was just unbelievable . Lauryn has what it takes and it shows . I am so proud that this album got the recognition that it did . I mean the # 14 track had me thinking about life , it was so moving . Ex-factor is my song also . All the songs are just great . I hope that she decides to do another album . I would love that so much . I am glad that she has been blessed . Much love to Lauryn .
 Dear Lauryn
 Seeing as how I live abroad and never listen to the radio -LRB- because I love music -RRB- I count on reviews for my musical info updates and went to Amazon to read the reviews of this album when I had seen that it won best album . At the time there was a line up of rather discouraging reviews but I bought it anyway . I am unfamilliar with this genre of music and had to listen several times before I was able to `` hear '' it . There are a couple of songs I do n't care for but Ms. Hill 's talent is undeniable . This album is not only beautiful , but innovative and profound ; something I rarely say about commercial music . The mix of emotional and musical sensitivity provokes a depth of feeling that strips you down and makes you confront yourself . An interesting experience .
 Lauryn has had a wonderful voice ever since her appearance on Sister Act 2 . I love your Voice !!! It 's very unique . Beautiful job !!! God Bless you . Praying 4 u.
 Lauren Hill is a very intelligent young sister . When she sings about having loved someone that she does n't love anymore , I can relate . When she sings `` Zion , '' the lyrics bring tears my eyes . I can hardly wait for her next release , until then I can listen to the Miseducation of Lauryn Hill over and over again .
 All of those who believe the hype about Lauryn Hill 's supposed racist comments should do some personal investigation and not rely on rumors . First of all , have you actually SEEN the MTV interview -LRB- in its entirety -RRB- where Lauryn made the alleged comment ? The rumor was started by a person who called the Howard Stern show after allegedly seeing the interview on MTV . What does that prove ? Anyone can flip through the channels and here one line or one word , out of context and assume anything they want.Secondly , is there ANYTHING in her music which could lead one to believe she is actually racist ? It seems only those who are afraid to listen to her music actually believe the rumor . Why is it that anything which promotes the upliftment of all members of humanity is always feared ?
 Lauryn Hill is to me a mixture of jazz and R & B. Gets you going in the morning music . On a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the best/most powerful Lauryns rhythm , words , instrumental , and overall sound achieves a 10 + . Lauryn 's attitude is refreshing and has taken and is luring us to the new millenium .
 This CD was excellent ! Unlike some CD 's every song is different from the others in its own way ; they do n't all sound the same . Her lyrics are touching and deeper than I expected . Her music has an originality that is unparrelled . I highly recommend this CD if you are willing to listen to a new wave of music .
 Lauryn , your cd is great . You won the Grammy 's because `` we '' your fans believe in you . To all who dislike , listen to the words not only the music .
 * Lauryn you truely have a gift from God ! Keep strong and I hope you live long 'cause you 're music has connected to me . I 'm pretty sure I 'm at the deepest part of my life right know , and you 've been one of my few musical preachers thats reach me and let me know I can still live in this life . Thank You ! I hope that did n't sound to wierd . * Kate : -RRB-
 One of the best Soul , Hip-Hop , Rap , and R&B , compilations around today . Laurn Hill gives you a taste of what a CD should offer if you are diverse enough in your musical taste to except this powerful but funky album .
 This CD truly FLOWS ! Every song is just as jamming as the one before . She really has a great voice ! You will not be dissappointed with this CD !
 In this over-hyped world , it 's nice to sit down to an album that grooves the whole way through . Every track is a shining star -- jam-packed with messages , confessions , and hot beats . Lauryn 's voice is straight from the heart . Peace .
 I love this CD !! This CD of Lauryn Hill describes what her feelings are about life . It is so cool !!
 I really enjoyed this CD . She has alot of great songs on there . She is also very creative . This is really a `` Hall of Famer ''
 Anyone who has ever listened to the The Misedecation of Lauryn Hill , -LRB- The entire Album -RRB- , will agree that New Jersey 's Lauren Hill speaks to us directly . Her greatest aspect is her knowledge of life and love , and the one on one way she teaches it . Of all the people who love her they each have their own real reason , shared by no other . For me it would have to be her one of a kind , moving , voice that caries the answer to almost every question I was asking .
 This album has to be the one for 1998 and 1999 - this young woman has accomplished culminating her music career and motherhood in a way only one who is thoroughly focused can . My hat goes off to Ms. Hill . Her music production and performing background is paying her back . On this albun expect to hear fusion melodies with intricate sprinkles of past and present jazz , reggae , R&B , swing and even snippets of live `` skoolroom '' chatter . Lyrics are hard to the bone , true till it hurts and with no apology - she keeps it real . With guests performers like D'angelo adding their own secret ingredients to lauryn 's cake mix - this muffin is bound to satisfy your soul ! PEACE , LOVE AND GUIDANCE FROM GOD .
 THE SONG MAKES YOU THINK ABOUT THE IMPORTANT STUFF AROUND YOU
 Lauryn is gettin ' it on and I love every moment . The snippets of classroom rapport betwixt songs are marvelous and real . As a teacher , I love the honesty and candor of the kids on board the album . And who is the teacher ? He is amazing ! Could he be for real or has he plagiarized from Dangerous Minds ? I speak for all my friends when I say that Hill 's song about her boy Zion is incredibly moving . Keep singing your heart out . What a gift to your son . I recommend this album highly for people who are just beginning to delve into the rap and r & b worlds . 5 stars is n't enough .
 My favorite songs on this album are `` Too good to be true '' and `` Ex-Factor '' . Lauryn 's singing/rapping talents are amazing ! -LRB- Not to mention her acting talents , too -RRB- I was impressed by her strong voice and incredible rhythm . This album definitly deserves the grammys it was nominated for . I ca n't wait for Lauryn 's next album and would absolutly love to see her perform live !!!
 Lauryn Hill is one of the most talented and outspoken women in the world . I really love this album and it has inspired me greatly . One of the things I love most about Lauryn is she 's not like other rappers . She does n't rap about people getting killed and selling drugs , but she speaks the truth and I thank her for that . My favorite song is Doo-Wop -LRB- That Thang -RRB- . This album sends out some powerful messeges that I hope a lot of people will hear . I wish her lots of luck and success in life .
 I love this Cd and listen to it at least once a day . Lauryn has an awesome voice , and it is very versatile . She has great raps , wonderful slow songs , and a nice religious tint to some of them.My favorite song is TO ZION because I think that her voice is the prettiest in this song . It also reminds of the gospel in my church . Then Superstar is my next favorite . Doo Wop is great but they play it too much . Then Every Ghetto , Every City , and finally Forgive Them Father . Hey to Lauryn Hill
 Lauryn Hill , this year 's best new artist -LRB- rap and other things -RRB- , has taken the country by storm with `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' . This only proves to show that the former Fugees star who started her career at 15 -LRB- ? -RRB- is an excellent phenomenon on her own . My favorite track was `` Doo Wop '' , which had rythem , soul , and heart . Other favorites include
 Lauren Hill shows that she is extremely versatile and her talent knows no bounds on her album . This is one of those CDs that you pop in and let it play to the very end . This is one for the road trips . Every song has a positive , but not preachy , message and serves as proof that she definitely is a role model to young sisters , and everyone else for that matter . There are n't many albums out there where you can get your slow dance , jam , and just cool out and groove on to . This is one of them . Definitely the album of the year . They just do n't write lyrics like these anymore .
 Excellent fusion of lyrics music and soul.There is a good demonstration of versatility which is hard to rival.it is all good .
 There 's a great variety of types of music . Lauryn sings with a lot of soul and feeling . She is great as a soloist and should definitely pop some more albums . Her duets with Mary J. Blige and D'Angelo are great . the hidden tracks , `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off Of You '' and `` Tell Him '' are ear-pleasers . Hill 's combination of rap and R&B makes the album even better . I love all of the songs . The lyrics are stupendous , this deseves to win the Album Of The Year !
 I love this cd !! She is so powerful and so in tuned with herself . Her great spiritual and moral lyrics are very personal and real , and her voice is so dynamic and soul stirring that I feel as if she is singing right to me . She is so awesome !!
 I love it and so does my 3 year old son . I bought him a karoke machine for Christmas so we could sing it . On the way to work/school every morning we sing `` I love you baby '' . I 'm proud of Lauryn and happy for her . Keep up the superb work . It was always something about her that I knew she 'd be a success .
 It 's amazing someone so young can interpret life 's lessons so profoundly . I 'm a little older but I 've not seen or have knowledge of many of the places she has experienced . It is not necessary-she conveys her messages so well that you can understand exactly where she 's been . Sympathize if not empathize with her pain-most of us have been there-always trying to fit in-to please someone who is not worthy of our sacrifice-our efforts . She 's spiritual , but not preachy she relates `` religiously '' . She 's unafraid of the stigma loving God seems to create among young people . She is in touch with her roots , spiritually as well as socially-she knows where she comes from and celebrates her journey to maturity and enlightenment .
 I JUST LOVE LAURYN HILL SHE IS LIKE THE BEST SINGER IN THE WORLD SHE HAS ACCOMPLISHED ALOT IN HER LIFE ... AND I REALLY LIKE THAT SONG -LRB- THAT THING , -RRB- YOU GO GIRL .
 I read angry reviews from presumably white people who hate to see a black woman do so well . If you assume Lauryn Hill is a racist -LRB- she 's not -- I read it in a friggin ' magazine that it was a lie and she says it is herself -RRB- -- I 'll assume that if you hold such rage against Ms. Hill it 's because you 're angry that she 's black and successful . REALLY . If she was white , would you be so contemptuous of her ? I think not.It 's sad to see what racists are out there . Lauryn is not one of them . Want proof ? Rosie O'Donnell hosted the grammys when Lauryn won album of the year , and told the audience and millions of viewers that `` miseducation ... '' was her favorite album of the decade . HAs Lauryn done anything bad in response to it ? No . Cuz she 's not racist.Now , the music . This album is artistic , beautiful , gritty , powerful , and introspective . It 's all about art and emotion ; no frills here . I 'm not a big fan of hip-hop and I totally love this album and relate to it . `` To Zion '' is profound , `` Ex-Factor '' is a great breakup song , and `` Lost Ones '' is awesome . Her two extra covers at the end of the album are wonderful.I really enjoyed this album , and so have millions of people of all races the world wide . So quit your bellyaching , all you whiny people out there . Let us enjoy it .
 This women is so talented , it 's scary . This is a must have for ANY CD collection ! Lauren Hill-Thank You Thank You Thank You !!!!!
 I love The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill ! It 's a nice combo of soul , rap , and r & b and every track is phat . L-boggie drops mad wisdom and entrances us with her sweet , melodic voice . `` You ca n't match this/Rapper slash actress/More powerful than two Cleopatras '' This is a must have cd for all hip hop fans .
 First of all , I would recommend this CD to anybody . You ca n't help but like it no matter who you are ! I ca n't understand how all this talent could come out of one person and be on one CD . Lauryn Hill is a genius -- hands down ! She wrote every single song and even produced it . Black , white , yellow , green , or purple ; male or female -- you have to get this CD . Even though there 's not one thing wrong with it and every song rocks , the best tracks are
 This is my favorite CD . Every song is wonderful . The pictures in the booklet are beautiful . I love it ! Go buy it now !
 It is a great cd . A combonation of rap and other things . It was awesome
 Lauryn Hill 's CD is the best CD i have heard yet . Those reviews stating that she was too spirital need some spirituality in their life . My favorite songs on the CD are `` lost ones , '' because all the lyrics are true for men and women . Everyone needs to get down on their knees and repent . I also like `` hurts so bad '' because every woman has gone through that once or twice in their lives . The whole CD is just a breath of fresh air . Its good to hear music with a message . Besides all the usual have nothing to say lyricsist out there . She 's an inspiration . You go girl !
 i like this CD . My favorite song is Doo-Wop -LRB- that thing -RRB-
 Easily the best CD of the year , and probably the most explosive popular record since `` Jagged Little Pill . '' That is actually not such a strange comparison
 This cd has it all ... . love , admiration of a child , self realization ... . and its Lauryn Hill ! Her voice and style is incomparable and is absolutely phenomenal ! All r & b fans must have this CD !!
 except for those annoying interludes . Lauryn Hill is the greatest , most versatile artist of all time .
 This is undoubtedly the best hip hop album of all time!Top Songs : Lost Ones - Hardcore rap ... so catchy and yet so true ... lyrics are amazing , as they are in all of the songs . 10/10Ex Factor - My favorite ... Is a smooth ballad that shows Hill 's vocal range . 10/10To Zion - My second fav . Its about the struggles and pressures from her friends for her to get an abortion . 10/10Doop Wop That Thing - Overhyped , but still catchy and genius . 9/10Superstar - It has a great meaning and all , but gets old after a while . 8/10Final Hour - Least Fav . 6/10When It Hurts So Bad - I love this ! Amazing and unique . 9/10I Used To Love Him - Awesome duet with Mary J Blige ... I personally feel Blige did a better job on this song . 9/10Forgive Them Father - I love this song ! Enough said . 10/10Every Ghetto Every City - I love the lyrics ... its like a brief autobiography . 10/10Nothing Even Matters - Pretty good 8/10Everything Is Everything - Very poetic 8/10The Miseduction of Lauryn Hill - Very beautiful ! 10/10 I love the pianoHidden Tracks are okay .
 Firstly , to those of you calling Lauryn Hill a racist - I believe what she said was in relation to the huge commercial success of the Fugees . She said that she would be equally happy selling fewer records to a mainly black audience of their peers and people from similar backgrounds to them . She felt their message was to those black kids in poor , urban America . I do n't believe Hill has in any way suggested that she does n't want white people listening to her music.Frankly , I think she has a point , in an age when hip hop stars like Biggie and Tupac can buy wholesale into the gangsta ethos . Tupac was an intelligent young man , yet he bought into `` that thing '' of being the biggest , the richest , the most invincible . And look what happened . Lauryn Hill has common sense where others have allowed ego to undermine their achievements . The Miseducation ... is a richly rewarding album by any standards , but compared to the slack , money grabbing efforts of virtually every other big name rap artist , especially Hill 's fellow Fugee Pras Michel , her album is a milestone . These days rap and hip hop seem to be about borrowing the riff from some 70s or 80s disco hit and talking blandly over it . Remember I 'll Be Missing You , Puff Daddy 's supposed ` tribute ' to Notorious BIG which sampled the already awful Police hit Every Breath You Take ? Puff Daddy is a boring , non committal rapper who happens to be a pretty good businessman . But making millions of dollars is n't everything . The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill is a testament to what can be achieved when an artist is allowed control over her work . Undoubtedly if Hill had not already had great success with the Fugees , this album would not exist . Mainstream pop music is corporate business and creativity comes a firm second . A new artist would not be allowed such freedom , but it is still inspiring to see a big star who cares about the quality of her music.And so to the music itself . Although she is outshone vocally by Mary J Blige , whose voice is stronger and more even , on I Used To Love Him , Hill is an astonishing rapper , particularly on the brilliant Lost Ones , and the haunting Final Hour , in which her singing voice is perhaps best used as she sounds like Billie Holiday towards the end . Also wonderful is Forgive Them Father , on which she sounds genuinely hurt by the betrayal of someone close -LRB- possibly Wyclef Jean ? -RRB- and a bonus track which goes `` tell him I need him , tell him I love him '' which is almost like a calypso.There are elements here which irritate ; the classroom interludes about L-O-V-E which chop up the flow of great songs , and Hill 's religious fanaticism which may not be to everyone 's taste . However even an atheist like me found the righteous indignation of Lost Ones , with it 's lyric about karmic retribution , positively exhilarating.My favourite track and the favourite track of most fans of this album -LRB- I suspect -RRB- is , of course , the gorgeous To Zion in which Hill shows her real vocal power . The most affecting thing about this song is that it seems to try so hard to be triumphant like the rest of the album , yet it 's almost mourning in the chorus of `` Now the joy of my world is in Zion '' - a double meaning surely , as Zion also means heaven ? Unless I 'm wrong , I 'm sure you 'll tell me . The martial beat , gospel choir and Carlos Santana 's fluid guitar are a fantastic combination and almost heartbreaking , though Hill 's defiance is still there when she sings with stark candour of the pressure on her to have an abortion.It 's not faultless , but when people really try , when they really care , the results often are not . People who fly too close to the sun often get burnt ; the great thing about Lauryn Hill is she dares to fly . And boy , has she got wings .
 I just had to add my experience with this album , as it apparently touched so many people in such profound ways . I 'll keep it short
 This cd is absolutely great . I like the hidden tracks best . Especially Tell Him , i bought it because i liked Lauryn a lot , but now i have it , i just dont know words to express how much i like it . I liked all the songs , but the bonus ones are probably the best ones . Because they are new , absolutely different from the rest of the album . I also think that the title -LRB- the Miseducation of -RRB- is very good spread over all songs . The class is talking about some topics , and she has a song about it . I would want to say to everyone
 You know the best thing about this album , is that still , after all these years , it 's better then 98 % of everything out today . A true classic in every sense .
 This is fast becoming a classic to last the ages . Not only are the tracks great musically but the lyrics are so heartfelt and meaningful as well . The tracks flow along very nicely and there are no noticeable fillers or weak tracks here . The sound quality is very good and the bass is killer ! However , the only distinctive feature of this version over the normal one is that the disc itself resembles an old vinyl lp which to me is n't really a big deal . If they made the cover a mini-lp sleeve package then perhaps it 'll be worth paying the extra bucks . A very good hip-hop/r & b album which is destined to outlast the others over time and become a classic . Highly recommended although you may want to get the cheaper version which probably sounds just as good unless you really need the old vinyl lp-looking disc which I kinda doubt that you do . Also , the track listing on this site for some reason includes two bonus tracks which are really not on the disc and so it 's not like you 're paying extra for bonus tracks either .
 This album is a PERFECT 10 . Lauryn Hill has gone down in history to set the foundation for some of todays hip/hop R&B ; and pushed forward the movement into neo-soul music.This album is beautful from beginning to end.Ever since she was in Sister Act II and debuting with the Fugees this girl has showed that she has talent.She can act , rap and sing her A$ * off.Evident on the songs `` To Zion '' , `` Lost Ones '' , `` Doo Whop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' , `` Nothing Even Matters '' , `` I Used To Love Him '' this girl is talented.No wonder this album was such a huge huge hit.It has also been counted as one of the top 50 albums that you MUST HAVE and number one album to have on many many websites and magazines.If you dont have it you are for sure missing out on GROUNDBREAKING MUSIC !!!! OVERALL GRADE 100/100 = A + +
 `` The Miseducation of ... '' shows the artists of the R&B ; / Soul/Hip-Hop genre how a real album is done . Undeniably 1998 's Grammy winner
 No one will read this since I 'm one of 880 at this count , but this CD changed my life . Opened me up to a whole new way of thinking . Only other album like that is Erykah Badu Live .
 Listen , obviously people who denegrates this album are not rnb , hiphop , nor soul listener , complaining about Lauryn 's lyrics and her rap . Please , before you criticize about this album , have some background about these music categories , and unless you love these categories , do n't even dare to write a single thing about this album.Now about the album , this album is without any doubt one of the best , if not the best . What makes this album so great is the way Lauryn chose her usage of her chorus . Her chorus which is all her own voice , is like nothing heard before . This unique album has no downfall . Sure , some songs like Final Hour , and Super Star might sound a little bit monotonous , however her lyrics substitutes some of her flaws . To Zion , Nothing Even Matters , and The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill are so affectionate that they touch me every single time I listen to them.With her emotions and her talent , this album is worth more than its 14 dollars .
 I love Lauryn Hill and I always will . But after listening to her `` Unplugged '' album and seeing her this year at Smokin ' Grooves , I think I wan na stick to living in the past and keep bumping this record , The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill.In case you did n't realize it , 1998 was when hip-hop/rap was acceptable to EVERYONE . Back then , you did n't deserve to have any friends if you did n't play The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill , Vol . 2 Hard Knock Life or It 's Dark and Hell is Hot at your parties . In fact , the inclusion of Lauryn 's smash , `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' , on radio playlists helped get Jay-Z and DMX on the radio and MTV.Never before have I heard a woman who could sing AND rap great -LRB- Mystic would come years later -RRB- . From the reggae-influenced `` Lost Ones '' -LRB- no , it 's not about Wyclef , contrary to popular belief -RRB- to the very last bonus track , this album offers us a look into Lauryn 's pains , loves , beliefs , and of course , talent . `` Every Ghetto , Every City '' tells about back-in-the-day situations , `` Superstar '' criticizes wack emcees , and `` To Zion '' is a great tribute to her seed . The duet with Mary J. on `` I Used to Love Him '' is also stellar -LRB- check out the subtle sample of Raekwon 's `` Ice Cream '' in that song -RRB- . The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is by no means a perfect album , as evidenced on the unnecessary hip-hop/R & B remake of `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off of You '' and on the lazy sounds of the D'Angelo duet , `` Nothing Even Matters '' . But those flaws are very minor compared to the overall greatness of this album . I do n't know if Lauryn will ever be this great again , because now she 's an emotional wreck and a certain individual named India Arie Simpson took over her role as `` black female singer/songwriter with a guitar '' . But Lauryn , you have a fan for life .
 An education of Lauryn Hill and her music is in store for those who listen to this celestial freshman solo debut . The album is an audio-pictorial of Lauryn 's experiences and the sandpaper-brazened emotions which she has been through . No-nonsense social commentary at its best , Lauryn is on her musical soapbox.Here she is with her faults and her beauty , exposing her soul for all.Enjoy this emotional album from the start to finish , at times the album feels like an old-school 1970s family reunion , especially with the children 's unrehearsed interludes between songs . The gospel-like feel is praise worthy . The inside cover art allows us to see a strong , but also vulnerable Lauryn . A songwriter , producer , and artist whose background includes Hip Hop , Reggae , and R&B , Lauryn has sweetly reminded everyone that the Soul is where its at.I 'll catch you on the flip side , - Daz
 When I first listened to this album , I expected BIG things since this album was nominated for 10 Grammys , and won 6 . At first , I was disappointed . But that was after I listened to just a few tracks . Then one day when I was really bored , I listened to the entire album without skipping anything -LRB- including the parts where the kids are just talking in the class room -RRB- and it was just so , well , GOOD ! `` To Zion '' is probably the greatest love song I 've ever heard . There 's beautiful singing on the hit `` Everything is Everything '' . `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' and the title track are also both great . Whether you like her opinions about white people -LRB- I 'm white -RRB- or not , you ca n't deny that this is one of the great r & b albums of the past ten years or so .
 I 'm not referring to those who were disappointed with this CD , everyone certainly has a right to their music opinions , but to those who are calling Ms. Hill a racist . Had she really made those comments , she a -RRB- would not have white people collaborating with her on her music and b -RRB- would have received attacks and controversy beyond belief . Look at Eminem . He attacked gays and faced retaliations for those remarks , which most believe cost him Album of the Year . Lauryn Hill went on to win Album of the Year and 4 others , beating out Carole King for the woman who has received more grammys in one night than any other.It 's amazing how ignorant some people are.Concerning the album , however , it is definitely the music event of the decade , with the possible exception of Nirvana 's Nevermind . The was the first rap album I ever bought , and it made a fan out of me . Had I not first listened to this more mainstream hip-hop effort , I would have never liked ` Stankonia ' -LRB- now my favorite rap album -RRB- . The popular stand outs were Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- , Everything is Everything , and Ex-Factor , but my personal favorites are ` Sweetest Thing ' -LRB- a hidden track -RRB- , ` Final Hour ' , and ` To Zion ' . Ms. Hill rarely compromises her musical talents and never her morals -LRB- ` Hip-hop meets scripture ' , as she puts it in one track -RRB- , providing for what is sure to be one of the best albums you 'll ever own .
 Everything good you 're heard about The Miseducation is true . It is also an understantment . Even as I write this , words ca n't express how great this album is . Never have hip-hop beats , sublime lyrics , and oustanding production come together as it has for former Fugee front woman Lauryn Hill . All the accolades this album has received -LRB- Over 50 prestigous awards including Grammys , American Music Awards , The Source Awards , etc -RRB- This album not only restored my faith in modern day music , but it also started me on my musical mission . That is to collect as many albums as possilbe in order to find something in which to compare this album 's true greatness to . Miseducation branches off to R&B , Soul , Reggae , Rap , and Hip-Hop to create an entirely fresh , new kind of sound unlike any most have ever heard . Lauryn Hill is responsible to my love of music and any glowing review I write about her work could never thank her enough for giving me -LRB- and all the rest of the music world -RRB- the privilage of benefitting from her miseducation . -LRB- On my list of Albums of the Decade , This album comes in at # 2 . On my greatest albums of all time list , it places # 31 -RRB-
 Lauryn has a unique style that sets her apart from the rest . Every song in this CD will do all of the following
 Lauryn Hill is truly an inspiration to me . She touches me in the very deepest of my heart in this album . I especially love Ex-Factor , Ca n't Take My Eyes Off You , Every Ghetto , Every City , and the title of the album , The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill . I remember the first time I discovered Lauryn Hill . My mom rented the video , Sister Act 2 and I was already a fan by then . I was only five at that time . I hope she will produce many more albums like this and may she stay successful forever in all her entertainment business career !
 In the Miseducation album , Lauryn has shown a great deal of originality in every single aspect of the work . She used the `` miseducation '' part of the title extremly well and I especially liked the idea of the `` classroom scenes '' , they were very creative and the children were discussing an extremly fragile topic as well . The variety continues into the actual music , where L-Boogie combines rap/hip-hop with gospel and r & b to `` produce/words so profuse '' that shows superior skill in rhyming as well as a wonderful voice ! Well done L-Boogie !!! Keep 'em comin ' !!!!
 This CD is awesome . I liked some of the Fugees ' songs but never really thought about buying her solo CD . I barely knew who she was . Then I heard some of the songs from my friend 's CD and I fell in love . I bought the CD and listened to the whole thing . It was great . All the songs are wonderful . Lauryn has a beautiful voice . Some of the songs are religious , but they are not pushy . I still listen to it almost every day . Her CD is one of my favorites . I just cant wait until she releases another one !
 When I first listened to this CD I was blown away by the powerful message in the lyrics . This CD is uplifting and empowering . Its one of those CDs that makes you want to make a difference in the world . It certainly deserves every award it has one . A `` must '' CD for everyone 's collection .
 This album is phenomenal . It is one of my all-time favorites . Brilliant songwriting and production . Lauryn Hill 's songs are full of emotion , conviction , and intelligence . She is a musical genius . The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is a must have for any music collection .
 both poignant and dignified , lauryn hill is one of the forerunners in modern neo-soul and hip hop . . she won more grammys before she was 22 than most people ever dream of winning . . and its not without reason . this album really did it for me , particularly the song `` to zion . '' a great , must-own album that embraces elements of reggae , hip hop , and soul .
 Lauryn 's voice is smooth , and strong , a singer with a sense of self , and not afraid to express it!A fresh take , on living and loving , and trying to find life 's truths.One of my favorite singers , looking forward to hearing more from her , definately worth the time chillin ' , and listening !
 Lauryn Hill is brilliant . She is so talented - she can sing , rap , and write music better than anyone I have ever heard . Some of the high points on the CD are `` To Zion '' - a beautiful ballad written for her son ; `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' - a great rap song that makes you want to get up and dance ; `` Forgive them Father , '' A song with a great beat and awesome lyrics , it also has a great message ; `` Every Ghetto , Every City , '' A favorite song of mine with a great beat and amazing lyrics ; `` Everything is Everything '' a song with a great bass line and brilliant lyrics . Overall , this CD is amazing and every song is great . It is definetly more than worth it to buy .
 This CD is magical , the lyrics are deep . I 've been a Lauryn Hill fan from the way back days of the Fugees and she 's simply AWESOME . It 's no surprise she nabbed 5 Grammys from this album , her first solo . This represents what good music should be , just buy it and listen to it 's magic !!! To say the truth , this album deserves 10 stars !!! Lauryn , I thank God for your life and inspiration , keep up the good work !!!
 It 's rare to buy a CD and like every song on it . Lauryn Hill 's music is a perfect blend of hip-hop , true R&B , funk , and soul . There 's not one throwaway song on this CD . My favorite tracks are probably her two most personal songs , `` To Zion '' and `` Every Ghetto , Every City , '' which speak of her son and her own childhood , respectively . The cameos from Mary J. Blige and D'Angelo are naturals on this soulful collection . Ca n't wait until the next album .
 This album is timeless . The songs are carefully crafted and sung . Everything is wonderful in here . I especially love `` To Zion '' . A mother 's love for her child . Ex-Factor is lovely too . Everything is wonderful here . Keep making the wonderful music , girl !
 Lauren Hill has alwayse been an amazing artist between her voice and her gift of expressing herself in a musical way , from the fugees to solo , Lauren has swept this country off its feet ... no matter what she sings , her songs alwayse bury themselves into the souls of others , `` forgive them father '' is one of my favorite songs , not because it has a great beat or because of the vocals in it , I love that song because of the meaning behind it , because of the words and how I can relate them to my life or experiances , thats is one of the reasons Lauren is such a great artist , because all of her songs are down to earth so we can relate to them .
 and unreal talent . Lauryn Hill is a great artist . There is truly no other way to describe her . The songs are hauntingly beautiful and the lyrics are applicable to real life . I can not wait for the next release from this original and creative artist .
 Lauryn Hill is the next Bob Marley . She has done a great job of reaching out to a message to others about important things in life . Her songs are easy to understand . I love her CD and besides others like Miss Spears , Lopez , and Aguilera she is one of the most and best point of view in life for Black Americans and Africans . I respect her very much and she is one of my favorite idols in education and has taught me not to drop out in school .
 this album is so genius and creative . This may be the best album of the decade . I never really liked her in the fugees but if you listen to her words you feel how brilliant thhis young lady is . At 24 she 's a mom , wife , and superstar . I hope there are more albums to come like this because she is extenmely talented and everyone will love thsi album no matter what typeof music you prefer .
 I think this is the best cd on the face of the earth ! I reccomend this album who likes hip hop and a little rap .
 This is the best cd i 've ever gotten . the songs are great , and they 're not all the same
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill captivates your mind and puts you at ease !!!!
 We are all so very young , 100.000 years away from where we want to be , but we can still try to get there a little faster . That 's how I feel about Lauryn 's comments on white people buying her records , too . I do n't know what she 's been through , but I do know that she 's still in the beginning of her life and career . Everything you own , you carry with you , and that 's what you should try to build on . It does n't happen through hate and prejudice , but rather looking at the person in the mirror . Corny , but so very true . Thank-you for one of the best records ever made .
 is Lauryn Hill . She has been true to herself and true to her spirit and it shows through her music . Especially # 12 with her and DeAngelo . That is the cut of all cuts !
 I have had few CD 's where i have liked all the songs -LRB- This and Collective Soul -RRB- I have listened to this as i sleep for about a year , and I have never found a better CD . Track 7 -LRB- the name just slipped my mind -RRB- is an awesome song with powerful lyrics . Carlos Santana 's guitar in To Zion -LRB- 4 -RRB- is amazing . I would easily have payed double the price for this CD .
 The first time I heard The sweetest thing I 've ever known , I knew Lauryn was DEEP . When I heard her album was coming out I ran out and bought it , no questions asked with only hearing . one song on it . I had to have it and I have n't been disappointed . She is definetly a positive role model . You go girl !!!
 LAUREN IS WAY TO SMART TO EVEN CARE ABOUT THE FEW BAD REVEIWS SHE RECEIVED FROM HER MISUNDERSTOOD LISTNERS.LIKE THE SONG SAYS PEOPLE WHO LACK CONSIENCE WOULD EVEN LIE TO THEMSELFS , SHE 'S THE MOST BUETIFUL MOST GOD SENT ARTIST I 'VE EVER HEARD.I LOVE HER , STYLE , GRACE , THE HELL WITH THOSE LISTNERS WHO MISUNDERSTOOD HER , SHE 'S A DIVA ... THOSE WHO CRITISIZED HER STYLE HAVE NO TASTE AS LONG AS GOD AND GODS PEOPLE LOVE YOU DO N'T WORRY ABOUT A THANG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 When this first came out , I was listening to a piece about Lauryn Hill on the radio and they played a clip of her song `` Everything is Everything . '' -LRB- `` Everything is everything/What is meant to be will be/After winter must come spring/Everything is everything . '' -RRB- I could n't wait until I got off work that day to rush out & buy it . The zippy beat , her lush voice and clear enunciation , and the soothing lyrics that encourage you to hang on to the wild ride of life meant that this never left my tape deck until it started to sound crackly . An especially beautiful piece that did n't get a lot of play is `` To Zion , '' a song to her son . In it , she makes clear that she did n't intend to have a child then and that she was under pressure not to . But then he was born and she was in love . Although few people are in the situation of becoming a single mom vs. advancing a career as a famous singer , it is a paean to the unexpected love that can spring from the things we did n't expect . What a beautiful person she is ! But we need another CD from her , right away !
 I enjoyed every minute of the Miseducation of Lauryn Hill . I never thought I 'd see the day day when an album could entertain me from beginning to end and still keep me wanting more and Lauryn 's album definitely proved me wrong . Her talents seem limitless , and I hope to hear more from her in the near future !
 How many awards did she win with this album ? I dont know the exact number but Ill take a guess ... . a bunch ? These awards , unlike some , were well-deserved . Each song is crafted behind real live instruments and guests are only Carlos Santana , Mary J. Blige , and D'Angelo . She incorporates jazz , hip-hop , R&B and many other elements into this classic album . The production of this album gets very high praises , however , it 's Hill 's songwriting that propels this album to extraordinary levels . Songs like Lost Ones convey emotion and hurt as she calls out one-time friend and partner Wyclef Jean -LRB- or at least it seems like it -RRB- . Her ability to enlighten the public on Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- to such great detail is almost surreal . Or her insightfulness on When It Hurts So Bad and Everything is Everything . Nothing Even Matters , the excellent collaboration with D'Angelo , is a song about depression and keeping a loved one.Simply put this is one of the most unique efforts I have ever heard . Emotion also plays a key element and it sounds like she actually tried on her album and it shines brightly.Almost any topic you can think of is portrayed on this cd . Lauryn Hill sprinkles knowledge , rhythm , beautiful singing and dance into this package . She even has some of her old battle style lyrics on here that resemble the Fugees heyday . Because of these features after you finish listening to it , it leaves you extremely satisfied . Even if Lauryn Hill never dropped another album she would be heralded as one of Hip-Hop 's -LRB- or R&B for that matter -RRB- greatest . A Must-Have in your collection .
 I just have to go on record with the over 700 other reviewers of this CD
 I have to admit that this album did n't strike me as that impressive on my first listen . I 've been a big hip-hop fan for years and I was expecting big , brash beats and loud boasting . I certainly did n't come to this album looking for depth . After a few listens , `` Miseducation '' began to blow me away . Musically , it 's incredibly intricate and diverse . But lyrically , it is astounding . The album feels like it was made with such love and conviction , such strength . `` To Zion '' may be one of the best love songs I 've ever heard . I could go on and on . Mainly , I just feel really lucky to have this album .
 ExFactor has the most true , honest and beautiful lyrics and most poeple can probably relate to it . To Zion is beautiful too , a really soulful track . Doo Wop That Thing has a funky beat and it really gets you dancing , Lauryns rapping is good too . Everything is Everything has THE best bassline ever . I Used To Love Him is a good blend of Hill and Bliges excellent voices . The two hidden tracks are two of my favourites , Cant Take mY Eyes Off You is a beautiful cover and Tell Him can make you cry with its emotion ! You must buy this album because it has pure soul and emotion .
 As a general rule I am not a big fan of R&B . Too many fluffy , cliche love songs and too many stupid songs that all just try to find a different way to say `` let 's get naked '' . It was my recent purchase of Erykah Badu 's -LRB- another R&B artist who is creative enough to sing about more than just getting naked -RRB- newest cd that forced me to finally try this cd . Yes folks , it 's almost 2001 and I just bought THE MISEDUCATION OF LAURYN HILL about 2 weeks ago.What was I waiting for ?? This cd clearly illustrates that Pop/R & B/Rap can indeed have substance , emotional depth , and intelligence . It can be about more than trying to score a hit and own a Lexus . Although this is only Lauryn 's first solo cd it has proven that she is one of the foremost poets of her generation -LRB- my generation -RRB- . Lauryn has it all , in my opinion . She has a beautiful voice , she raps with a unique sense of rhythm , attitude , strength , and intelligence , and her lyrics are incredible . Unlike some of the reviews I read here , I think many of Lauryn 's strongest spiritual and emotional statements come during her rapping . There is just no denying the power of the universal truths she speaks during the rap breaks in LOST ONES , FINAL HOUR , and EVERYTHING IS EVERYTHING.Lauryn feels and expresses the full range of vocal emotion . From all-out strength , to yearning desire for a better life -LRB- for others , not herself -RRB- , to an almost omniscient channelling into the human soul.If everyone would treat life and music as if it were something to be cherished , something that can be used to help others and bring joy into peoples lives the way Lauryn does we 'd be on our way to that better world that humanity dreams of .
 Do you even have a remote interest in Hip Hop , R&B , or Reggae ? Well then buy this CD and you will not forget it . I purchased this CD in 1998 and have never looked back since . This should be considered one of Legacy Albums of the Century . Her liricks remain true to the experiences of African American reality and her poetic commentary with its use of Biblical , historical and political references is exceptional . Statements like `` march through these streets like Sweto '' can easily be overlooked in its commentary on South Africa . Whether you want enjoyable beats , socially responsible music , or just good tunes this is it .
 By far , I would classify this album as my # 1 all-time favorite . It 's hard to explain why . I do n't classify myself as a `` hip-hop '' fan by any stretch of the imagination . `` To Zion '' made me weep , literally . Ms. Hill has true talent which is rare these days . How many of these so called artists today actually write their own songs ? Not enough . Bottom line , you need to experience this album for yourself . If it does n't touch you , you have no soul .
 I bought this cd with a gift certificate and I had no idea what to buy . I was ready for a dissapointment . But I was definetely not dissapointed , in fact this cd has become one of my favorites . Every time I listen to it I discover new things in the songs and the music , its a cd that i wo n't get tired of for a long time . My favorites songs are `` Lost Ones '' , `` To Zion '' and `` Every Ghetto , Every City . ''
 Lauryn Hill brought a new era of music around by blending more sounds together . She has done something amazing here
 This album is a classic . Very well written and sung . Lovely . Lauryn has such a timeless voice , she is one of the best . She is very real . It is refreshing .
 Lauryn Hill 's -LRB- AKA L Boogie -RRB- debut Grammy award winning album `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' -LRB- 1998 -RRB- is an excellent release which continues to vibe well many years later . My introduction to Lauryn Hill came on the Fugee 's second album `` The Score '' -LRB- 1996 -RRB- another great album . As a lyricist L Boogie drops on point rhymes on `` Lost Ones '' , then lights up the track singing . A passionate sounding Hill sings soulfully on the strong `` Ex Factor '' . The smooth upbeat `` To Zion '' flows through nicely and leads up to the album 's first single the outstanding `` Doo Wop '' -LRB- That Thing -RRB- . Lauryn Hill then contemplates what an artist and music should be on `` Superstar '' while talking about making paper on `` Final Hour '' . Sad sounding cuts follow in `` When It Hurts So Bad '' and `` I Used to Love Him '' feat . Mary J. Blige . Hill and D'Angelo deliver an impressive duet with the mellow `` Nothing Even Matters '' . Lauryn Hill shines again on the exceptional `` Everything is Everything '' . L Boogies rendition of `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off '' is memorable , and Hill takes her audience to new heights on the closer `` Tell Him '' . `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' is an album to have in any collection .
 Lauryn Hill is truly a genius . She is equally talented in singing , rapping , writing and acting . I love this album and everytime I lose it or someone steals it from me , I go out and cop it again . I like all of the songs on the album but the true standouts to me are `` Nothing Even Matters '' ft. D'Angelo , `` I Used To Love Him '' ft. Mary J. Blige , Ca n't Take My Eyes Off Of You , '' `` When It Hurts So Bad , '' `` The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill , '' and the hidden track `` Tell Him . '' This album is a masterpiece . I am equally inspired by her vocals when she sings and the way she flows when she 's rapping . She can go on and on when she is flowing , where it sounds like its a freestyle . I like the style of the old Lauryn on this album and when she was with the Fugees . She needs to come out with another album as well as do more acting b/c she does it all so well .
 Great album by a poet , rapper , writer and producer . Listen to the words and you feel everything she is singing . Rock on !
 I would like to say that Lauryn 's tracks are off the hook , she is the most talented musician I have ever heard . I would also like to clarify about `` the starving her kids '' issue . Lauryn NEVER said any of that , did you hear me , SHE NEVER SAID THAT . There is proof in numerous articles about Miss Hill . SHE IS NOT RACIST . If you have read her book that is out , you would know that it all started with a misunderstanding on the Howard Stern Show . So stop bad mouthing her , she is the BOMB !
 1 -RRB- Those who have made a decision on Hill 's lyrical abilities as a result of unfounded rumors should be more objective of her music . 2 -RRB- Hill is not a racist , check the definition . She does n't promote racism only reacts to it . 3 -RRB- She wants to uplift her often unnoticed , young black sisters caught up in a matrix of domination -LRB- racism , sexism -RRB- . It 's not a problem when liquor and cigarettes are targeted to blacks . 4 -RRB- As a REAL artist she creates what SHE feels instead of sugarcoating her lyrics to appeal to the mainstream . 5 -RRB- She locks her hair it is not a `` Medusa style '' . Those who choose to make those ignorant assumptions have succeeded in demeaning Rastafarianism and all those who have kinky hair . Stop judging physical beauty on European standards . If you ca n't see that then you are either absorbed in self hatred or prejudice yourself . No wonder she does n't target to you all . 6 -RRB- Whether you like the sound of her voice or not -LRB- singing , rapping , speaking -RRB- should determine whether you buy the album or not . 7 -RRB- Maybe Hill deviated from a standard classification because she wanted to . Not all music can be classified . 8 -RRB- If her music is so bad , well make your own . 9 -RRB- Every style of music that exists was influenced by a previous sound . Read `` Blues People '' by Leroi Jones and expand your mind before promoting your ignorance . 10 -RRB- I did n't realize she was recquired to be perfect . 11 -RRB- Perhaps she rhymes about religion , and race relations alot because the are important to her ... not you.This is a five star album because she experiments , mixes , and says what know else dares to say because she does it for herself and noone else . Although I may not feel every song personally I can dig the technicalities . Instead of comparing her to everyone else I judge her on her individual abilities . She has shown artistic growth through the years .
 What can I say about this artist and her CD ? I think if you ever like just a song from this artist , then you should definitely look into obtaining this CD for your ears pleasure : D
 This is some of the best music ever and if you dont know about Lauryn Hill this will make you want too
 Lyrics are very relavent to these days and times that we live in . Music is awesome , vocals are still hot !
 This album is full of insight and artistry . I sat down and listened to it again for the first time in years and it still sounds refreshing . Ms. Lauryn has a lot to say and this album says it beautifully . My favorites `` Ex-Factor '' -LRB- . . no matter how I think we grow you always seem to let me know it ai n't workin -RRB- and `` Nothin Even Matters '' -LRB- a sweet and mellow duet with D'Angelo -RRB- . My suggestion is give it as a gift to any young woman who wants a dose of reality with their music . Every young woman in my family has found it to be `` educational '' . Thank you Lauryn for this masterpiece .
 This cd arrived in great condition . Of course this entire album is great to add to any collection .
 I loved it ! It is something when an artist is going through changes . Each stage has it 's own nuggets of inspiration !
 Lauryn is a gifted artist and one of my favorite Female MCs . This album is nothing short of a master piece .
 This Album was released First ... And went Platinuim ! Radio quickly jumped on the cut `` Lost Ones '' . This quickly went Top 40 on Billboard 's Air-Play Chart . `` Doo Wop '' was released as a Single and went Gold and peaked at # 1 on Billboard 's Singles Chart ! `` Ex-Factor '' started getting play on Radio ... It went Top 10 on Billboard 's Radio Air-Play Chart ! `` Nothing Even Matters '' -LRB- With D'Angelo -RRB- and `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off Of You '' both recieved heavy Radio play and they both ended up going Top 40 on Billboard 's Radio Air-Play Chart ! `` To Zion '' -LRB- featuring Carlos Santana -RRB- stalled at # 77 on Billboard 's Radio Chart . The big surprise here is ALL 4 -LRB- Four -RRB-
 This is fast becoming a classic to last the ages . Not only are the tracks great musically but the lyrics are so heartfelt and meaningful as well . The tracks flow along very nicely and there are no noticeable fillers or weak tracks here . The sound quality is very good and the bass is killer ! However , this mini-lp replica sleeve -LRB- mlps -RRB- version is not the best one I 've seen as it consists of very thin cardboared assembled poorly looking like it will come apart once the glue gets old . There are 3 bonus tracks on this Japanese release though as `` Ex-Factor -LRB- Remix -RRB- '' is added to the other 2 extras
 I was only around 11 when this CD came out ! I first heard it play in my cousin 's car and though young at the time I knew this was what music was about . With that said , Lauryn stuck with me through all these years and she is my # 1 artist of all time . I was recently playing the album and decided to go see what reviews were like on Amazon . I was shocked there were even 1 stars . Are you kidding me ? I think the majority of the folk who gave it one star are either plain stupid and ridiculous or are some real racist individuals . This album is still a timeless classic and will always be .
 This rocks ! Every song on this I felt . Who in their right mind would give it just one star ? Do you not have ears ????
 Most Cds released last year covered old ground . Not Lauryn . She mixed reggae , hip hop , rap , and urban contempary in a perfect mix other r and b divas have yet to master . She deserves every Grammy she gets .
 This is a smooth cd for women to relax on and sit and remenise on about the past , present , or future she gives her fully emotions about how men and women are today . It is the bomb !
 This is a great first effort from Lauryn , of Fugees ' fame . With her talent spinning the raps and her unbelievable voice only the best and better can be expected from Hill .
 This CD from lauyrn is nothing short excelent . I will say this though , i think the critics have put too much hype around her cause shes not about the hype . Do n't buy this becuase of them , buy it because of what you hear . If you do n't like Soul , R+B , Rap , Hip-hop , reggae or gospel in anyway do n't get this . This is the type of music that it 's about so i 'm letting you know from now . I think it deserved the awards it got , espically from soul train and naacp , grammys too . Whoever thinks otherwise will just have to face the Raw talent that this Sista has . To the person who said that lauryn has a fake jamacian accent , She is from jamacia !!!!!! She might have been raised in the U.S. most of her life but that 's her roots and her mom and family is full fledge Jamacian so get your facts Straight .
 I bought it when it first came out and my husband and I had a blast listening to it . Every song was beautiful and meaningful . Actually better than 5 stars . It takes you to another world .
 Her lyrics are a reflection of her experience in life with a spiritual twist . It has a deep message for all people to listen to regardless of gender or race . I think the words of love , hurt , pain , loss , nostalgia and happiness are an honest expression of her being within her music . I 'm sure anyone can relate to . -- I know I did .
 MY SISTA IS TALENTED . IN MY OPINION , THERE IS NO OTHER FEMALE ARTIST THAT CAN TOUCH HER STYLE . SHE ALWAYS KEEP HER STLE REAL . UNLIKE OTHERS . AND AS SHE PUTS IT , '' WHILE YOU IMITATING AL CAPONE , I 'LL BE N. SIMONE , AND DEFACATING ON YA ' MICROPHONE !! '' .
 I love Lauryn 's combination of uptown , downtown , hip hop and soulful , sexy singing . She can rap with the best of 'em and still touch your soul with her strong , sensual voice . Moving lyrics & positive messages too . Put on Lauryn Hill with , let 's say , Janet , Eryka Badu , Maxwell & Ria - and have a wonderful musical evening !
 Perhaps no other set of songs has touched what it is to be human -- falling in love , being betrayed by a friend , having your heart broken , retrieving back your soul , and giving it to God . Lauryn raps/sings with her heart , and it resonates with ours . Her sound and message is universal -- it crosses all colors and boundaries . I listen to her cd everyday , and especially the last hidden track -- `` let me be patient , let me be kind , make me unselfish , let love be blind ... '' All glory to God !
 Perhaps no other set of songs has touched what it is to be human -- falling in love , being betrayed by a friend , having your heart broken , retrieving back your soul , and giving it to God . Lauryn raps/sings with her heart , and it resonates with ours . Her sound and message is universal -- it crosses all colors and boundaries . I listen to her cd everyday , and especially the last hidden track -- `` let me be patient , let me be kind , make me unselfish , let love be blind ... '' All glory to God !
 this cd is one of the best cds i have ever listened to . Lauryn is real , she sings her songs with such power and authority in her voice but yet she is soft and gentle also . Her 5 grammys are well deserved . In my mind she should have won all 10 !!! And i am glad i got to see her in concert because she was just amazing !!!! Hopefully she will continue to have more success in her career . Keep on doin ya thing girl !!!!
 Lauren I love you and your music I generally do n't liste to younger artists because of the violence they promote , but you 're style is so different and you give all honor to God first and foremost . The CD is just `` Awesome '' keep up the good work .
 I loved it ! you know how sometimes at music stores they give you stamps for the cds you buy . I was getting the CD for my friend Cristi and the man at the counter gave me two stamps because of Lauryn 's sheer beauty inside and out , I must say I do have to agree with him !
 This star female has captured the ears of every music lover in the world . I feel that luaryn hill is a top artist and unstopable as she shares her experiences with the world . I would love to meet her because she keeps me writing my lyrics and keeps my mind strong . Luaryn keep doing your thing .
 This star female has captured the ears of every music lover in the world . I feel that luaryn hill is a top artist and unstopable as she shares her experiences with the world . I would love to meet her because she keeps me writing my lyrics and keeps my mind strong . Luaryn keep doing your thing .
 Lauryn 's CD speaks about where we are as people in the world today and it gives a positive message about how your life will be more positive with God . She is a real positive influence I think and deserves the credit that she gets . Keep on telling the truth and being positive Lauryn and God Bless you !!
 An amazing outlook on life and what it consists of by Lauryn Hill . From high , ecstatic songs to slow beat motown tunes , this album pumps out beats and wonderful lyrics throughout . Hill is one of the few artists who I can really believe when she sings about her experiences .
 The album is good , but the critics really overhyped this album into some sort of time-altering masterpiece . Nevertheless , I 'm still proud of Lauryn Hill for receiving tons of praise -LRB- even though it could 've been given to more notable R&B / Hip Hop superstars -RRB- .
 Damn ! Lauryn 's good . All the songs on her cd rock , and have depth added to them too . She 's the best !
 This is one of the best CD 's I 've ever bought . All the songs are unique and I never skip over any of the tracks ! Before this CD , I di n't think much of rap , but I have since changed my mind ! Lauryn Hill is so talented , and I ca n't wait for her next CD !
 I liked the way she exspressed herself at the Grammy awards and I think that 's Great .
 When she won the Grammy I felt like every Hip-Hop , rapper , poet also was blessed with the honor . She 's been working at this for more than five years and her paitence , dedication and faith have propelled her forward . SHE IS AWESOME . But she is not to be worshipped . We can love her music and learn from her , but to idolize is against all the stuff she sings and raps about . Be yourself and get your magic from within . She 's a mommy -LRB- twice -RRB- , she 's beautiful and her lyrical presentation is unmatched and the album is put together very very WELL . She is like a welcomed rain , in a drought .
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is honestly one of the best albums that I have ever plunked down money for . The depth of artistry inherent in this record is just mind-boggling ; and rarely do you hear this much soul poured out in 70 minutes . Many are calling this a landmark album and I agree . The fact that it just won FIVE Grammys should cement that fact . If Lauryn continues in this same vein I believe we have the next truly revered musical legend on our hands re
 In review of this album , the writing is phenomenal ! She clearly brings to life situations that we all can relate to . How many of us look back on how `` miseducated '' we were at some point ? This is the first album since Baduism , that I loved evey song . Lauren Hill is a true talent .
 fun jazzy modern a cd u can listen to all the way through without skipping songs . ***** star for sure .
 This album is a present day classic . No doubt about it ... i loved her voice the moment i heard her with the fugees and i 'm glad she is having all the success because she deserves it .
 I never liked rap or hip-hop music until I heard this album . It blends rap and pop into a spectacular album . She deserves every bit of attention she gets !! GO LAURYN !!
 I found this a very entertaining and complex CD . The girl is years above her age . You go Girl !
 This is a really terrific album . . full of layers . . a challenge to listen to and absorb . I agree with the NY Times that it is a `` visionary '' album with amazing insights from such a young performer . I have always loved R & B but this is the first `` hiphop '' album I 've loved ... it combines elements of hiphop , reggae & R & B in all sorts of interesting ways . It is a moving album on many levels . New Jersey rules . . it was wonderful for us locals to see another magical Newark / Orange NJ performer , Whitney Houston , give Lauren Hill her Grammy for album of the year . I sort of wonder if Ms Hill can EVER do a better album than this one . I 'm sure looking forward to her next effort . What a talent this young woman is . In my estimation , Lauren Hill is a very , very gifted performer and writer and producer with a unique ability to reach and touch people . .
 This is a really terrific album . . full of layers . . a challenge to listen to and absorb . I agree with the NY Times that it is a `` visionary '' album with amazing insights from such a young performer . I have always loved R & B but this is the first `` hiphop '' album I 've loved ... it combines elements of hiphop , reggae & R & B in all sorts of interesting ways . It is a moving album on many levels . New Jersey rules . . it was wonderful for us locals to see another magical Newark / Orange NJ performer , Whitney Houston , give Lauren Hill her Grammy for album of the year . I sort of wonder if Ms Hill can EVER do a better album than this one . I 'm sure looking forward to her next effort . What a talent this young woman is . In my estimation , Lauren Hill is a very , very gifted performer and writer and producer with a unique ability to reach and touch people . .
 I applaud Lauryn Hill in every way possible for displaying such a wonderful gift . This cd is the only cd that I have been able to listen to and love every song . Most artists , despite their best effort , have only 3 or 4 songs out of the maybe 17 or 20 tracks that really catch any attention . I also commend Lauryn for not `` going there '' like some other recent female hip hop artists have and shown all of her `` assets '' if you know what I mean . She is a young lady who keeps here clothes on and shows her talent instead of her body to sell her music . Keep up the good work , girl !!!!
 I loved all the songs on this cd . All of her songs are easy to understand and are mostly life experiences . It was definitely something I could relate to .
 This recording does not disappoint . As a matter of fact , it tends to show exactly how far hip-hop can reach in terms of diversity . Ms. Hill 's powerful voice as well as her penchant for penning personal as well as relevant lyrics combine to produce an entirely enjoyable CD . By blending reggae on tracks such as Lost Ones and Forgive them Father with `` traditional '' hip-hop beats , while maintaning an old-school R&B flavour on most of the other tracks , she shows the extent of her diversity . The most striking thing about this album to me however , is the way her extremely personal lyrics manage to be relevant to me as well.Maybe I 'm just biased because of my love affair with reggae but this is easily the best recording I heard in 1998 .
 At last , a female artist that does not have to be on the same level as Foxy Brown and Lil ` Kim to make sales . Hill has exceptional talent and thats what sells this CD . Its a great CD to pump in your car as well as chill at home listening to at night .
 I never really listened to anything of Lauryn Hill 's til `` Killing Me Softly '' and I loved it . When her CD came out it was off the hook . Her style varies and that is good , it means all the songs are n't the same . She deserves to win every Grammy she is nominated for .
 This CD features both hip-hop and R&B and all her beats are right on point . And Lauryn Hill surely did n't let me down on the slow jams , especially `` The Ex-Factor . ''
 In her CD she shares with us a very creative album . Like in between songs it is like there is a class talking about love and friendship and stuff like that . The whole CD ties together , like the front is a desk with her face carved in it . and then the dicussions in betwwen songs and each song means it own little thing . Lauryn Hill is very beautiful and a very talented singer . I have a 3 disc cd changer thing and ever since the day i got the CD , it has been in the # 1 CD and has never come unless i am going on a trip and it is the first one in my CD organizer . I think Lauryn Hill is the best singer . Marley
 I think this CD is the best I 've bought in a long time ! It 's the only other one besides Tamia that I play constantly ! I love every track , from `` I Used to Love Him '' and `` The Ex-Factor '' , post-break-up songs everyone can relate to ; to `` Every Ghetto , Every City '' , the hip-hop story of Lauryn 's life . DEFINITELY a great investment !!!
 Anything she does is the bomb . Keep singing Lauryn . From your number fan . I reccommend that everybody go and get this young lady 's album . If you are into soul , hip-hop , and R&B , this is the album . Plus she is a great vocalist . GO LAURYN !!!!!
 This CD is all of it . Lauryn focuses on relationships in and outside of love . Her whole CD is very impressive and clear on all emotional aspects . I love this CD . She sings and raps about nothing but the truth . I am feeling her and the CD .
 Lauryn Hill is a down-to-earth woman who sings with her whole heart . I love the lyrics and the ryhthm too ! She helped make the Fugees who they are , and now she 's making a name for herself .
 My favorite song on the album is entitled `` To Zion '' . It actually brought tears to my eyes . Hill has a voice that will bring the toughest person to their knees . This CD makes you think . It is now one of my favorites .
 This album is excellent . There are some hidden tracks that you will not see list on the track listing because they are hidden bonus tracks . Every track is beautiful and her solo album was worth the wait !
 The real beauty of Lauryn Hill 's hypnotic solo album is the clarity and honesty of her message . Yes , she has a powerful , emotional voice which ranges from intricate rhymes to sultry growls , but what worth is the voice if the message is empty ? Not to worry , The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill registers strongly and intimately as a voice of today . A proud black female voice which will probably intimidate many male listeners , but not this one . Her complaints are honest and true , her beatitudes cut deep into the listeners heart . Why ca n't men make this kind of honest and intelligent hip-hop album ? Probably because they are not creators like women . Lauryn Hill is a CREATOR in the truest sense . She captures the flavor of the medium of Hip-Hop , but reinvents it with the genius of focusing on her heart and mind . Yes , there are social issues to discuss , without turning the album into a `` Spoken Word '' treatise on urban life . A rare gem of an album which benefits greatly from continued listening , as each song flows effortlessly into the next . Like an earlier 5-star album by a black woman , Neneh Cherry 's `` HomeBrew '' , the range and depth resonates from within . To label this album `` Hip-Hop '' is the simple and obvious way to sell it , sadly there are no musical genres that truly capture the heartfelt sound of Lauryn Hill 's 1st masterpiece . This listener hopes there are many more to come .
 Lauryn Hill 's strong , soulful voice has always been so touching to me . To me her powerful , unique sound is matched by no one . Not even considering her outstanding sound and production , the lyrical substance alone is greatly commendable . This is truly a complete album . You could n't skip a track if you tried . The album hits harder and harder each time I listen to it . I 'm feeling the project 's whole message of love and letting your heart guide you to where ever you feel you should be . If you listen , you will see that the majority of society is probably `` miseducated '' . Just listen to the entire album . Lauryn is without any doubt one of the premier artists , definitely one of my favorites .
 Lauryn Hill 's first solo effort is as good as Stevie Wonder 's output at the prime of his career . Honest , soulful , spiritual , sensuous and funky , this CD is the `` Songs in the Key of Life '' of the 90 's .
 This CD has got to be the best I have heard this year . I had stopped buying CD 's because some only contained maybe 2 songs at the most worth listening to and they probably were given so much airplay that you did n't want to hear them again . But this is an exception . Every song on this CD is worth listening to over and over again . Songs like Ex-factor , Forgive them Father and That Thing makes you wonder how someone so young could come up with such words . This is a brilliant and gifted artist and her CD is of the same stature .
 This Album should be rename `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill , ... . and the schooling or the Hip-Hop game ! '' This album is truly powerful . There is a song on this album for everyone . From the Heavy Hip-Hop junkies -LRB- Lost Ones -RRB- to the Hopelessly in Love -LRB- Ca n't Take My Eyes Off You -RRB- . This displays Lauryn 's true ability to become a mega-star . I was impressed with her performace on the Fugees album Refugees when she did her rendition of Roberta Flacks ' `` Killing Me Softly '' . Her -LRB- Lauryn Hill -RRB- versatility to switch from R&B to Hip-Hop from one track to another is remarkable . This is just the beginning.If you CALL yourself a music listener of Hip-Hop and R&B , you would have this album right now instead reading my mediocore review of how much of mammoth album this.Chris Binns
 This albums is the best Hip Hop/Soul ablum of time.To me lauryn hill 's talent and soul by far out shines that of Mary J. blige -LRB- the most over rated woman in the history of r & b ;-RRB- . This classic album makes me feel Ms. Hill is the true Queen of Hip Hop/Soul . Though it is interesting how simular both voices are in timbre . Listen to ' I USED TO LOVE HIM ' from this album , you should notice there is ony a subtle difference in tonal quality when these ladies exchange verses -LRB- lauryn has the sweeter voice though -RRB- . To the review who said this album only gets on every bodies top 100 list because it won a grammy is an idiot.Um , beyonce 's ` dangerously in love ' , Alicia Key 's ` songs in a minor ' and norah jones ' -LRB- whatever the name of her album was -RRB- all won a record 5 grammys , but ONLY ` the miseducation of Lauryn hill ' is a classic . the others are good but not classic.Sorry , i lied , ` songs in a minor ' is actually not a very good album . it is quite borring.Im my opinion ` miseducation ' rightfully deserved more like 8 grammys . This is due to its uniqueness , rawness -LRB- i love this about it -RRB- , genius lyrics , l-boogie 's superfly rhyming skills -LRB- she IS the BEST female rapper of all time , lil ' kim , missy elliott , foxxy brown and eve who are quite good ca n't compare -RRB- , the darkness of her voice and her musical/cultural diversity.by the way , this ablum had no hype with me . i got it in 2001 long after the hype that surounded lauryn hill died down . i still listen to it every day and i still love it.it sounds especially fresh when i do n't for like a month and then blast it through my sound system . try listening to an alicia keys or beyonce album for 5 years and you 'd want to kill your self.Ms . Hill is a genius .
 Great production , great music , incredibly complex lyrics that match the music and flow of the songs -LRB- sometimes rivaling Nas ' lyrics on Illmatic -RRB- . This is by far , still the best hip-hop album created by a woman.I hope Lauryn really did write and produce most of the songs -LRB- just to hope she can replicate this effort later -RRB- . But regardless of whether this is mostly solo or a collaborative work , this is a great piece of art .
 `` Miseducation ... '' shows artists of R&B - Soul/Hip-Hop what a real album is . Undeniably 1998 's Grammy winner Album of The Year . -LRB- Back when the Grammys recognised GOOD music - unlike the nominies of 2003-4 . -RRB-
 Lauryn is a beautiful Christian women who did a wonderful job with this album . Im sure you already have it but if you do n't please get it .
 Ah , Lauryn Hill . She is respected in music circles everywhere for her producing , writing , and singing skills , and her strong presence in today 's male-dominated R & B world . She raps like her life depends on it , writes like she 's pouring her heart out into the paper , and sings like there 's no tomorrow . Yes , very cliched , but Lauryn Hill is anything but . I could go on , but I do better with lists . So here is my opinion on each individual song :1 . Lost Ones - Mostly rap -LRB- which , btw , I usually ca n't stand -RRB- , but pretty good . The lyrics stick in your head - `` You might win some but you just lost one . `` 2 . Ex-Factor - One of my favorites . I 'm sure most girls , and even guys , can relate . A very emotional song , and even sing-along-able .3 . To Zion - A touching song Lauryn wrote for her son . She really goes all out on this one . Features Carlos Santana .4 . Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- - Yes , this got overplayed , but it 's so true . Lauryn is a real role model to girls , and it shows in this song .6 . Superstar - This had good words , but was repetitive .7 . Final Hour - This also sticks in your head . Mostly rap , but still strong .8 . When It Hurts So Bad - Very honest lyrics . It 's the kind of song you play after you 've just been dumped but you know you 're going to survive .9 . I Used to Love Him - Featuring Mary J. Blige . A bit weaker in the lyrics -LRB- `` I used to love him but now I do n't -RRB- , but these two are an excellent combo .10 . Forgive Them Father - Hill is extremely religious , as she shows in this song . She puts a whole new spin on it , however , with rap .11 . Every Ghetto , Every City - This is the story of her life , basically . You feel like she 's just confided everything to you after you hear this .12 . Nothing Even Matters - This was pretty weak on the lyrics , but captured the dreamy , nonchalant feeling of being in love . Duet with D'Angelo , which was a weak choice if you ask me .13 . Everything is Everything - As she said , `` I wrote these words for everyone who struggles in their youth . '' Great lyrics , okay music .14 . The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill - By now , the rapping gets old .15 . Ca n't Take My Eyes off of You - She does an excellent job with this song . I love it.All in all , this is a good CD . I have to admit it 's not as consistent as I 'd like , but there are some very good songs that stand out .
 My Favorite Album of All Time . I listen to it Everyday . I Encourage Those Around Me to Listen to it . I Wish Every Track Would Be Played on the Radio . I Hope and Plan to Meet Ms. Hill one Day So I Can Tell Her How Much She is Loved and How Her Wonderful Creation Has Inspired Me on a Daily Basis . I am Truly a Devouted Fan and FriendSHE IS NOT A RACIST If you carefully listen to her work and when she speaks publically you would realize this . BAD PRESS WOULD MAKE A NEWBORN BABY SEEM EVIL !
 At first I hated Lauryn Hill because I 'm a huge Garbage fan and they were up against Lauryn for Album of the Year at the Grammys . Well as we all know it turned out that Lauryn won instead of Garbage 's album Version 2.0 -LRB- which is also great -RRB- . I tried listening to Lauryn 's album once but I just did n't get it and could n't stand it . But , recently I listened to the whole CD and I loved it . I think even in a way she 's like Garbage because her word 's and beats can be so emotional -LRB- i.e. `` Lost One 's '' , `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' , `` Everything is Everything '' , and `` To Zion '' -RRB- just like Shirley Manson and the band 's guitar work . I even watched Lauryn on the '99 VMA 's and her performance was spectacular . I 'm finally glad I understand Lauryn Hill .
 This is a CD I will still like in 10 years , and how wonderful is it that such superb songwriting and performing was done by a hip , strong woman with a mind of her own ? Each time I listen , I discover a new song that I did n't notice at first but soon becomes my favorite -- take `` Ex-Factor '' for example -- I 'm not one who usually likes the slower rap/hip-hop/r & b type songs , but this one is an exception . It has a beat , showcases her beautiful voice and has a melody that is complex enough to be interesting over the course of many listenings . `` To Zion '' is similarly refreshing , and I enjoyed the beat combined with Carlos Santana 's guitar playing . And no matter how many times I hear it , `` Doo Wop '' is one of the most incredible songs I 've ever heard , and there has never been a better song to sing/rap with in the car , with the volume on LOUD .
 This is probably my most favorite C.D. ever . I have been listening to it since last Christmas and I am still not sick of it . I would definately recommend this to anyone who enjoyed the Fugees of Wyclef Jean . Her smooth voice and wonderful lyrics combine to make an awesome C.D. Try it out !
 This album is absolutely amazing , She manages to talk about real issues with her music without sounding preachy . It 's not just about the music but what she has to say . Mis Hill becomes a modern-day messiah . Her album is incredibly real . I hope other hip-hop artists learn from this amazing cd , and start to produce music with a point , something hip-hop has been missing . This record shows that there is hope for an art form that many have said is stagnating .
 I must say that no one comes close to Ms. Lauryn Hill . She can drop lyrics like none other . The songs are experiences ... real life experiences , that we have all had . I must admit that other music that is out today is out of touch FOR ME . I do n't know much about the Benjamins because I 'm still a college student ... still aspiring to make it . But I do know about love , because `` I use to love him ... but now I do n't . '' We all know how it feels when `` Nothing Even Matters . '' Ms. Hill hits home with every track and I must commend her for going above and beyond the norm . Much Props FA SHO !
 Lauryn Hill 's CD is one with meaning.Her songs are both true and harsh at times , but sometimes that has to happen . What I like most about her album is that I can understand every word of each song and the meaning in her songs do n't get lost in the beats . This is also one step toward more recognition for female lyricist ... that has been long overdue .
 Unfortunately rappers with insight are n't very prevalent in mainstream hip hop ... you have to go to the underground -LRB- every ghetto , every city has those basement & corner joints -RRB- ; for the real hip hop . Now that Ms. Hill has brought back the meaningful lyrics that were on hiatus , maybe we can hear more from rappers like Common , KRS - ONE Tribe , Lord Finesse , Rakim . It 's time to reclaim true hip hop and let the authentic come through on the stations instead of the mediocre acts that have pervaded/invaded for far too long . L. Boogie for President !! Rest in Peace B.I.G.
 WOW !!!! Lauryn Hill is deep . This CD touches on every aspect of life . I really loved it . Definately a must buy . Six Stars and a bag of chips .
 The first time I heard Lauryn on SISTER ACT she was dope to me . She out shined the fuggee 's and she is out shinning alot of these so called performers today . Her music takes me to another place and no one in this era has done that -LRB- besides D' Angelo -RRB- . No doubt `` Mary '' is `` Mary '' but Ms. Hill is on whole diffrent level . Lyrics are the most important part of a song to me and every word on this album flows perfectly . My suggestion is that you run out and get your own NOW cause it 's tight to death ! To Ms. Hill much love and congradulations on your baby boy Zion and the one on the way -- being mommy aint no joke love J.J. LINDSEY -LRB- west coast native / current Atlanta resident -RRB-
 This album has definitely set the path for all the `` mis-educated '' rap/hip-hop artistes to follow . This is so refreshing compared to the `` all about the benjamin/gang-banging/women dissing '' stuff that saturates the genre today . I waited for this album with bated breath and I have not been disappointed . She has created infectious rythmns and oh so beautiful harmonies that polish the hard beats in just the right way . I am sure that the best is still yet to come from Lauryn Hill , and I will be here when it does .
 Lauryn 's cd is powerful . Strong beats , great vocals and empowering lyrics ! A true woman with much on her heart and mind .
 It 's not often that you can buy a CD where you like every single song on it . This is that CD ! Each song tells a story that most of us can relate to in one way or another . The lyrics come with the CD so it makes it that much easier to follow and when you read these lyrics you will be blown away . I guarantee it ! This CD not only can make you get up and dance but also make you sit down and really think.If you do n't have this album , buy it ! Support the talented Lauryn Hill and you will experience an artist perform like none before !
 Lauryn Hill receives 5 stars for her new CD . The lyrics are really fantastic and reflect many thoughts and opinions of young adults in modern life . She is right on in her song `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- . '' I love her deep , soulful voice , it really touches a chord in my heart . This CD is perfect - the lyrics , the beat , and most of all , Lauryn Hill .
 Lauryn Hill with her varied skills easily blends soul , hip-hop , regggae , and funk into a combination of music unmatched by any current hip-hop and R&B artist . Has an amazing ability to tug at the heart , stir the mind and make the most hardcore Hip-Hopper nod their head . A definite classic !
 I expected Lauryn Hill 's album to be hot and she came through . I admire her work for its originality and soulfulness . I thank her for making the album seem personal to all listeners , something everyone can relate to . Since I 'm from these streets , bumps , and turns she is speaking of , it makes it all the better for me . One song imparticular , To Zion , filled my heart up with emotion and made me cry . Overall , this album is one to make everyone think twice about life .
 This cd is the best cd I 've heard in ages , it has the best song of all `` Ca n't take my eyes off you '' . Lauren is beautiful to look at and she also has a beautiful nature . This is the best !
 From the very first track of this album , you can tell how much time and effort was put into it . The careful music , meaningful lyrics , and beautiful voices make a perfect blend - for an exceptionally well done CD . Hill 's intelligent mix of rap/soul/hip-hop - as well as her creative excerpts inbetween tracks - shows her maturity as an artist and an adult , has reached it 's climax . Lyrics from ` Lost Ones ' - the second track - illustrates the main point of her album ideally
 The Sultry Songtress of the Decade Miss Lauryn Hill with her latest release `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' 5 stars in my book , best CD I 've ever bought . Fans and listners have only received a sampling thus far of what Ms. Hill has to offer . Check out her newest CD to experience her mind blowing vocals first hand . I 'm inspired to write this review as I listen to the CD right now ... the lyrics are off the heezie ! You 've done it again Lauryn keep up the good work , and kiss Zion for me !!!
 she has a beautiful voice which reaches different octives . Her songs are full with soul and meaning .
 Lauryn Hill has spread her musical wings and taken flight . There is not one weak song on the ENTIRE CD . Buying this CD is money well spent . She weaves HipHop , Soul , and R&B into a potion of potent energy that takes you through every feeling and emotion . I bought it for one song and now can not resist listening to the entire CD ! If you like music , you will LOVE `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' !
 This highly anticipated cd was well worth all the talk . This has become my favorite cd . Many different styles are covered on this cd . Although most of the songs are relating to love , it takes the subject to a different level not thought of by many artists . My favorite song is `` Nothing Even Matters '' , a duet with D'Angelo , because of its sultry vibe . All the songs make you feel like you can relate to them , even though the situation might not have happened to you . This cd is good for an occasion , any mood , any time , any where . Buy it now !!! You wo n't be dissapointed .
 Lauryn Hill-Finally a TRUE singer - there is nothing NASAL about Lauryn Hill . She is Wise , Beautiful , Spiritual and Blessed . What an Excellent Project - some songs remind me of Stevie Wonder 's Song In the Key of Life - powerful lyrics ! Buy 2 , one for the car , one for the office !
 I 'm a young woman who recently heard Lauryn Hill ` cd and I felt something when I Heard it . I truly feel that she touches my soul with her music . Thank you Lauryn for being yourself . I can see that Zion has inspired you . from an haitian fan .
 Lauryn Hill definitely `` keeps it real '' on this album . She talks about very real subjects that anyone who has ever been in love , or thought they were in love can relate to . Her lovely voice , lyrics and jazzy beats define what music should be like .
 I really enjoyed listening to her cd it made me think of how people in the world are today . it is a real inspirational CD and the one about her son is really beautiful it makes me think of my little girl .
 Lauryn Hill 's debut solo project is fabulous . Written , arranged , and performed by Lauryn , it is a GREAT CD . You know how you are reluctant to buy an artist 's CD , because you 're not sure if you will like the entire thing . Or worse yet , you purchase a CD and the only song worth listening to is the one they play on the radio ... constantly ? Well , not to worry . This CD is the BOMB !!! The lyrics are deep , the beats are soulful . You can tell she put her heart in it . The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill is all that !!! I borrowed it from a friend , and just purchased a copy for myself . It 's great !!! You wo n't be disappointed .
 In about a month or so , you will not be able to turn on the radio and NOT hear a Lauryn Hill song ... This album contains 16 songs , and each one of them has potential to be a single ... The album is beautifully written , arranged & produced . The raps are strong and the vocals are even stronger.There is a beautiful duet with D'Angelo and also good contributions from Mary J. Blige & Shelly Thunder.There is NOT a weak spot on this album.Let 's all pray that this is the future of HIP-HOP/SOUL ... because Lord knows we need a change .
 Yo Yo Lauryn Hill is the girl that keeps it realDo you feel the musicDo you feel the beateducation so rich and completethis womanno one can defeatshe 's laying down the truthspreading knowledge to the youthso if you got a problem with hillyou better chillshe keeps it realI recommend that you listen to this album very closelythe lyrics have positive messages
 beautiful album from a such a talented and in-touch with Mother Earth lady . Lauren Hill 's place in this reality is that she is obviously an old soul and has learned over her span on earth that indignation and malice towards any human is entirely immoral an wrong . I am confident that believes in love and the conman good of all people no matter where you are from or what you believe . Reclusive-yes but I believe Lauren Hill wants to lead a normal life , raising her children and being a wife made possible by her commercial recording successes . Lauren Hill is a role model for all , -LRB- men & women -RRB- especially young women and girls as well as elderly matriarchs and women holding stature old . Congratulations on fantastically expressive and an high quality recording ... please record again soon - please.I 'm pretty certain that a new set of songs have already been written and the artist is in the painstaking process of making it in the style of art that she sees fit to publish . Something that is being written now or in the future will only strengthen her position in society as a historical reminder and pioneer for women and women 's music in the modern age.cheers
 This is a cd that you can listen to from start to finish ! Just pop it in the cd player , kick back and let it roll ...
 One of my favorite albums of all times . Perfect blend of R&B and Hip Hop . The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is one of a kind and still hope one day Ms. Hill will come out with a comparable sequel . My favorite tracks include the title track , `` Ex-factor '' which anybody who has been in a turbulent relationship can relate too , and to Zion .
 I purchased this album , when I probably needed it the most . The music from The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is perfect , when you are at a crossroads in your life . Transitions are inevitable , in life , as is change . What better way to celebrate and explore this fact , than through music ? Ms. Hill 's brilliant and Grammy Award winning album sheds light on numerous topics . Lyrically deep and melodically intrinsic , we learn about what makes this amazing artist tick.One of my favorite cuts -LRB- of all time -RRB- is `` Lost Ones . '' She proceeds to knock her haters , with style and grace . It verges on scripture . The mean hip hop hook and smooth raps/vocals seal the deal for me . I could head bop to this , all day long , as I work out or do just about anything . My second favorite song is `` Tell Him . '' This is her love letter to God . Just smooth , makes me feel like I am at a revival . The interludes , between the songs , are wonderful . A teacher/speaker proceeds to lead young people through a series of guided discussions about life . The students are engaged , funny and insightful.What makes this album so exceptional is the smooth transition from genre to genre . Lauryn Hill blends them , like a pro . Hip hop , reggae , soul and samples are melded into a sound painting . Glorious .
 There 's nothing I can write about this album that has n't already been written . Yes she 's the greatest female rapper of all times , Yes this album is a classic , and Yes we need a part TWO . I love this album and play it often . My favorites tracks are '' Lost Ones '' , '' Ex Factor '' , '' Nothing Even Matters '' , and '' Ca n't Take My Eyes Off Of You '' . Very personal songs . They make me really reflect on my pass loves and losses . L Boogie might be crazy now , but back in the 90 's she was THAT CHICK and that should n't be forgotten .
 I have enjoyed the music by Lauryn Hill the entirety of my youth , and to finally purchase the music and have it available to play whenever I like on my computer is the best . Music is a great investment in my opinion . This CD has brilliant music .
 I really love this album . Fantastic lyrics and true emotion . It is also one of those albums that grows better with each listen . I found myself falling in love with songs I had n't realized were on the album in the first few listens . `` That Thing '' Always puts me in a good mood when I hear it . More powerful than two Cleopatras : -RRB-
 basically , this album made me write a review on here . it is this good in my opinion . lauryn hill is truly one of a kind , what a complete artist she is . this album is unbelievable , from the prudctions to her vocals -LRB- rapping and singing -RRB- . this is a must-cop if you like music .
 Lauryn Hill / The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill
 This CD has blown me away since it came out . I think it was the best CD of the 90s .
 This is what I call a `` front to backer '' meaning you can literally pop this in and chill . It is all good for the duration . Wycleff 's interviews with the children , the heartfelt expressions and soulful voice truly makes this a beautiful piece of art.For me this album truly defines a time in my life where I finally realized who I was . Strong yet vulnerable , Confident yet unsure , a beautiful original that was just figuring things out ... a girl at the cusp of womanhood ! The emotions that these songs evoke in me to this day are powerful indeed . There really is no one else out there like Lauryn ... I miss her !
 I was always a Fugees fan but this really made me realize just how talented Lauryn Hill is . Every single song on this album is wonderful . Some of my favorites are `` To Zion '' , `` Tell Him '' , and `` Every Ghetto , Every City '' . This CD is just a real joy to listen to and it makes me respect Lauryn Hill so much . I would recommend this CD to anyone because yes , although it 's R&B / Hip-Hop people who usual do n't like those genres like this CD , and that is just part of it 's great appeal .
 This has got to be one of the moust soulful albums I have ever heard . She has a awesome voice , I can still remember her in Sister Act 2 ... . The standout track is definitely Zion , no wonder she has n't put out a follow up yet 'cause how the hell can you follow up this album ?
 This is the perfect album for anyone into Bob Marley type of Reggae , Soulful R&B -LRB- The way it should be -RRB- and innovative lyrical flows that just emminate poetry through and through ... . Perfect for India.Arie , D'Angelo and Bob Marley lovers ...
 -LRB- 77:39 -RRB- Following Lauryn 's newly found freedom from the Fugees , she manifested this brilliant first solo record , capturing the essence of r & b , rap , soul and even doo wop in one lovely , heartfelt album . I do n't remember how many Grammys this cd won , but it was quite an extraordinary number . And for once in a bluemoon , I think Lauryn Hill was deserving of all the success she garnered through her hardwork and unique talent . The megahits on this disc , Ex-Factor , Doo Wop , and Everything is Everything are some of the finest tracks , again being rightly rewarded for their beauty and originality . This is n't just a record to pick up for the hits though . There are many lovely niches of this lengthy album that make the listening experience very personal and loving . A number of brief classroom interludes are on this disc , where kids are talking about love and what it means/where it 's found , with a beautiful acoustic guitar in the backround . Small things like that really help make this a timeless and endeering album . Also , such tracks as to Zion , Nothing Even Matters , and track 15 , the first of two bonus tracks , are extremely captivating and gorgeous . All in all , this album is a very special piece of music and should be a hallmark in everyone 's collection .
 I bought this CD when it came out in 1998 . Now , 5 years later , I can honestly say , it 's still a regular in the rotation in my stereo . It 's classic ... it will probably still be a favorite 20 years from now.Lauryn has such a soulful , disctinct , beautiful voice . . it 's flawless , just like this album . Obviously there are some songs I like more than others , but I could easily listen to the CD without hitting the skip button . My personal picks
 This album is definitely apart of what the A&E channel terms `` The New Classics '' . It epitomizes so the essentials of R&B and Hip Hop that almost 5 years after its debut , I still have it in heavy rotation on my CD changer.It makes you groove , it makes you think ... it makes you grin , it makes you tear.Lauryn set the foundation , a new stage for a different yet familiar sound . A re-birth , so to speak , of good things to come from our people...neo-soul , alternative . However it 's labeled , sometimes you need a catalyst.The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill ... Simply Essential .
 Lauryn takes you through an array of emotions . There 's dance , political views , hearts breaking , suffering , hearts that heal , anger , nostalgia , awakenings and new beginnings . And then you surrender to a hire power . Is n't that life in a nutshell ?
 This album puts Lauryn Hill much further ahead of Alicia Keys , India Arie and even Erykah Badu!Undoubtedly the best r and b album of the 90 's , `` The Miseducation '' has both haunting melodies and very powerful lyrics . And , unlike so many other r and b albums , there is a variety of different sounds . Lauryn can go into many different modes , the best being the `` soul diva Aretha Franklin '' mode and the `` beats for da streets hip hop '' mode.One of the best albums ever made .
 Lauryn has quite simply made one of the greatest cd 's that I have ever heard in my life . Every song that is on this album is amazing . As far as all the stuff about Lauryn being a racist I guess some people will believe anything that they hear . Think of the Cd though she poured her heart and soul into this album and for people to say that she wasted time is horrible . All the artists in the genre that people put Lauryn in are so similar and Lauryn came out and made a cd that people can listen to and it might even bring out some emotions in them > She tells of how she was told that she should have an abortion on the song `` To Zion '' yet she made the decision to have her child . How many other artist would say this on their records .
 After the break-up of the Fugees -LRB- AKA Refugee Camp -RRB- , the only member that has been the most successful was favorite member Lauryn Hill . All fell in love with her after the solo in the re-make Roberta Flack 's `` Killing Me Softly -LRB- With His Song -RRB- . '' Blessed with a Phenominal voice and supreme rapping , Lauryn was truley a touchstone in late 90 's R&B and Hip-Hop . The standout Track on this album has got to be `` Doo Wop -LRB- that thing -RRB- '' which was by far her most popular single , along with `` Ex-Factor '' , `` To Zion '' and a flawless remake of the classic oldies `` Ca n't Take My Eyes off of You . '' No doubt the other Fugees members were talented , but Lauryn seemed to have that certain spark of talent that people admired and loved . Whether or not she decides to release another album in the future , this one has got to be one of the best solo-from-group works of all time . No one can mix R&B , Hip-Hop , Motown and Pop the way Lauryn can . Kudos to her and hopefully a new release in the future . Good Job Lauryn !!
 This Cd is great . So soulful and inspiring . Boring at some parts , tho ... well . I 'll rate each song :1 - Intro
 & iquest ; Que se puede decir de este disco que no se haya dicho ya ? `` The Miseducation . . '' es uno de los mejores -LRB- quiza el mejor -RRB- album de R&B / Hip-Hop que se han hecho en los ultimos 10 a & ntilde ; os . Es un indispensable en cualquier colecci&oacute;n . Lanzado en 1998 , `` The Miseducation . . '' marco el camino a seguir y fue fuente de inspiracion de la mayoria de los cantantes de musica negra del panorama actual.Lauryn Hill es , sin ninguna duda , una de las mujeres con mas talento en este negocio -LRB- cantante , MC , productora , y compositora . . incluso actriz ! -RRB- produjo , compuso , y arreglo todas las canciones de este disco -LRB- excepto `` Can t Take My Eyes Off Of You '' una de las 2 `` Bonus Tracks '' de este CD , que es un remake -RRB- El album comienza con `` Lost Ones '' donde podemos comprobar que Lauryn es una de las mejores MC s femeninas . Seguimos con `` Ex-Factor '' una bellisima canci&oacute;n que trata el desamor desde diferentes angulos y de una manera tan universal que todos podemos sentirnos identificados con ella . `` Doo Wop '' una cancion muy bailable y alegre donde Lauryn luce sus habilidades como MC otra vez . En `` Forgive Them Father '' con una clara influencia Reggae , habla de gente falsa que utiliza a otros para conseguir su propio beneficio . `` I Used To Love Him '' es un dueto con la otra reina del Soul/Hip-Hop ; Mary J. Blige . `` Nothing Even Matters '' dueto con D'Angelo . `` To Zion '' con Carlos Santana , esta dedicada a su primer hijo.Aunque me es imposible encontrar algun fallo a este album dire que quizas los interludios hablados entre algunas canciones cansan y que `` Final Hour '' es una canci&oacute;n algo aburrida que se podia haberse quedado fuera del disco.Aparte de eso , debo decir que tengo este album desde hace m&aacute;s de 3 a & ntilde ; os , y lo sigo escuchando como minimo un par de veces por semana sin cansarme de &eacute;l , m&aacute;s bien todo lo contrario , cada vez descubro algo nuevo.Para terminar dire que si aun no tienes `` The Miseducation '' , te aconsejo que lo compres ya , no sabes lo que te estas perdiendo . .
 I have to say that this cd is one of my favorites in my collection of 300 + . I fell in love with Lauryn 's voice in Sister Act 2 and then became an instant fan of the Fugees . Her voice is strong and beautiful and her lyrics are powerful and meaningful . I recommend this cd to EVERYONE !
 Lauryn Hill has finnaly dropped her dried out group `` The Fugees '' and has come to realize that she does much better on her own , proof of this lies in her latest Album , `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' . This album is completely self made ! Every track besides for one is written by Hill showing the world that not only can she sing like nobody 's buisiness , she can write songs too ! And not just any songs , GREAT SONGS !! This album tells her fans that she does n't need any big names to help her with her music , Mary J. Blidge was the only name found on her album to sing with her . This album is uplifting ! `` Doo Wop '' -LRB- that thing -RRB- is being called a 90 's version of Franklin 's R-E-S-P-E-C-T telling that `` Girls , you better watch out '' ! This album is filled with worth listening tracks such as the sentimental `` To Zion '' based on a tribute to her infant son , `` The Ex-Factor '' , `` Every Ghetto , Every City '' , and many others ! This is why She is The Aretha Franklin of the 90 's .
 Fortunately the April 10th review below gets it completely wrong ... There is no evidence Lauryn Hill has made any racist comments . That is merely an urban legend . When someone uses an Eminem song as a credible source , I weep for our nation .
 Ca n't no other female get wit Laryn Hill when it comes to spittin fire from the soul .
 Classic 1998 release ! The information about this record is based off of wikipedia.org.-Record breaker by selling 420,000 in its first week . - Garnered 5 nominations and won that many awards , a first by a female artist.-8x platinum ! - # 312 on Rolling Stone 's Greatest Albums of All Time.-Critical acclaim from Allmusic , Entertainment Weekly , The New York Times , Rolling Stone , and USA Today.Folks , this album is quite eclectic with music genres too . Lauryn Hill wrote all except the last two hidden tracks . The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill won album of the year . I enjoyed the Rap of `` Lost Ones , '' the slow jam hit `` Ex-Factor , '' the religious `` To Zion , '' the implication of the chorus to the hit `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- , '' the analysis of The Doors ' based `` Superstar , '' `` Final Hour , '' the slow and serious `` When It Hurts So Bad , '' the duet with Mary J. Blige on `` I Used to Love Him , '' `` Forgive Them Father , '' the lovely duet with D'Angelo on `` Nothing Even Matters , '' the fast-paced hit , `` Everything is Everything , '' and the piano flavored title track . The remake of `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off You '' from Frankie Vallie was decent too . This album will be in your CD player or stereo for a while . I 've said enough .
 Anyone with anything negative to say about Lauryn or her music do n't know what she is about and need to go elsewhere with the negativity . She is an outrageously talented , God-fearing woman who is getting her positive messages out to those who want and need to hear them . God has Lauryn 's back and when He 's got it , nothing negative is going to affect her . Lauryn is not a racist and has said so . Having pride in one 's race is not a crime and her music is here to uplift . As a listener , you have to be in the midset that Lauryn is in to really understand and appreciate her music . The album is excellent .
 For anyone who is knowledgeable about music artists , you can only say one thing about Lauryn Hill . She is totally blessed with an extreme talent . Her music is so profound because so many can relate to her realness . It is clearly evident that when a host of people are moved with your music , you have touched a place universal in the hearts of those who have listened . When I first heard Lauryn in `` Sister Act '' and found out that she was a rapper in the group `` Fugees '' , I said WHY ? No disrespect towards rappers , I simply was floured when I heard her sing , I knew right then that I would be hearing more from her in the near future and it was manifested in her debut album . I am an artist myself and I would love to get the opportunity to work with her one day . `` She is what you call a music perfectionist '' . And how beautiful to know where all the credit comes from , GOD . She is one who truly knows why she is so successful .
 Supported with catchy tunes , the lyrics combined with that soulful sound that caught our attention in Sister Act 2 , Hill delievers the goods ! No half-hearted statements on this album , Hill tells it how it is , plain and simple , no if 's and but 's . The title ' The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill ' says it all does n't it ? Pretty damn clever for a miseducated mother of one . Wow . .
 Lauryn Hill is one of the best vocalists I 've heard in a very long time . Her voice and unique style set her apart from all the others . What an enormous amount of talent for such a young individual . I will not miss her concert , should she perform in Chicago , IL .
 The people who do n't like probably ca n't relate or comprehend the words that she sings . Anyone who has experience the Ex-Factor or I Use to Love Him can understand . Lauryn Hill has a beautiful and unique voice and I think she is very talented .
 All of you people saying Lauryn is racist get your facts straight she 's not and never will be . You do n't believe me watch Biorhythm on MTV or read her article in Teen People . OK this is a great c.d. !! She 's great in a band and great as a solo artist . Not only can she sing she can rap . All of the songs are great . The lyrics are great everything is great .
 I took my time buying this CD - I was not quite sure if it would live up to the HYPE , but it did . It is EXCELLENT - I am proud of this young woman . I could feel the presence of Bob Marley -LRB- at Tuff Gong -RRB- in each beat - JAH RASTAFARI !! It is important for us all to understand that rumors can destroy a person - unless you hear it from her lips do n't believe it . She is no racist , she believes in love and equality . Do n't judge a person on words uttered by others - this is destructive and bitterness will flow from person to person until it eats us up . She sings about negativity listen to the CD . Listen to lost one where she says '' ... tarnish my image in your conversation ... '' listen carefully and imagine this woman telling you not to listen to rumors.When will we overcome the barriers of racism and hate ?
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is a seriously poetic , no - nonsense ablum . This ablum and the artist deserves all that is given to them . There is really nothing more to say than it is heartfelt and a extremely good ablum . It contains nice beats , great lyrics , and an excellent vocalist . The Best ! God Bless !
 This album reflects the life long experiences . She shows great skills in both vocals and song writing . This CD is always in my car Cd player . I recommend it for anyone who enjoys excellent music . Lauryn Hill should truly be commended for her superb album . This album is , by far , the best of the year . You are crazy if you do not purchase this CD . Some of my personal ; favorite tracks include ; `` Zion '' , `` Ex-Factor '' , `` I Used to Love Him '' , and Forgive Him Father '' .
 This Cd is a real 5 stars , Lauryn is a great singer/Rapper and the back and forth between Rap and Singing leaves some song in the middle . All the work she put into it is shining now , Every award given to her for this CD she worked for . Every one will and is loving this CD No matter what type of music they leasn to . This CD is a must have .
 I think Lauryn Hill is an amazing woman with a lot of talent . She has proven that again with this wonderful CD , `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill . '' The lyrics to every song really say something special about Lauryn . I admired her all throughout her career with the Fugees but , I think she is doing great with her solo career . God bless you and good luck in your future !
 This is my favorite CD ! It really inspires me to be who I am - A beautiful Black lady . I can relate to the subjects of her songs , especially Zion . Truly an inspiration . I will purchase the next CD as well !
 First of all i want to say that anything with the Fugees name behind it is automatically leaps and bounds ahead of any other rap album ever made . Wyclef , Pras , John Forte , and Canibus ' solo albums were all exceptional ... and Lauryn Hill 's is no different . It took me a little while to get into it but ... now i love it . Buy everything the fugees ever made ... they are afterall the greatest group ever . Ca n't wait for their reunion album !
 WHEN I LISTENED TO THIS MUSIC FOR THE FIRST TIME IT WAS REALLY A SURPRISE . IT MAKES ME DANCE , IT MAKES ME CALM , THANKS LAURYN FOR SUCH A GOOD MUSIC
 This is what all CDs should aspire to . Sixteen great songs , all fitting together as an album . By far the best debut album I 've ever heard .
 Lauryn , thank you . There is not woman who could listen to this CD and not hear parts of her life in it . I can truly identify with what motivated her to write these songs . I feel like it was made for me . This is definitely something everyone can feel . This CD is a must !
 How could any human give this album a bad review . Lauren Hill delivers the album of a life time . THE MISEDUCATION ... is truly a remarkable album . Lauren sings & raps about personal ties to her . She sings of love , dissapointment , family , sex , & drama . But most important life . She is defanently one in a million & THE MISEDUCATION ... . is an album everyone should buy . Outstanding is the only worrd I can use to describe such an album . Her use of music -LRB- reggae , hiphop , R&B , soul -RRB- is impressive . Lauren is a truly talented artist . She really deserves the praise she gets for this album .
 Words can not express how I feel about this album . Lauren Hill has touched me in some way with every song . I give her a lot of respect for the song ZION . It shows that there is young mothers out there that do appreciate the gift that god has given them , no matter what others think or say . There is some mothers that think the world of their children and will do their best to show the child by raising that child the best way that can . I have to say thank you Lauren for coming out with a album that was far over due .
 It 's TyTe u learn a lot from this cd . Its not just music . It was better than i expected . NE1 whos not sure to buy it , just do it u will b very happy with the miseducation of Lauryn Hill .
 It is one of the best albums out . Miss Lauryn Hill is the best . Hope she makes another one
 Lauryn hill 's album is great , I can really relate to her song 's !!!
 Lauren is truly an artist not afraid to put it on the line . Her music is a real departure from the `` comfort zone '' of the tasteless lyrics and re-makes of alot of her counterparts . Her Miseducation speaks to the soul , the heart and the mind ; she lays down tracks that are soul-filled , melodic and hard to ignore . I am not a big fan of a lot of the immature hip-hop groups around but Lauren and Badu are truly in a class by themselves .
 I really liked it of course I like lauren hill anyway . I am a big fan , I have her on my screen saver because I think she is very beautiful too . But her music and `` alternative style '' , if I may , is very attractive mentally and spiritually . She has awakened the desire for meaningful music in thousands of people . She deserved her award and i wish her much success in her endeavors . I also pray to God that in her youth -LRB- because she is quite young -RRB- that she does not stray from what she is doing because I know that it is easy to get strung out or side tracked when you get to where she is .
 Ms. Hill 's album is truly inspiring . Every song touched me deeply , and I love them all . Her music is so beautiful . Something about her voice is just so heavenly . I am truly inspired by her.Her music has helped me in times of need . She deserves her success and she is a truly a very beautiful woman , both inside and out .
 This is one of the good ones . Especially for anyone who loves good music and not just sex raps.I 'm proud to be an american when I listen to Lauren Hill , and Proud to be a black woman . Jacque
 This is one of the most sincere , heartfelt cd 's I 've listened to . The tunes are great . My favorite song is # 16 . P.S. . Her hidden tracks make for a nice surprise .
 Lauren Hill has got it down ! And in her new album `` The Miseducation of Lauren Hill , '' she 's getting down with other superstar songstresses such as Mary J. Blidge . I do n't know if I have ever purchased a cd in which I have liked all the tracks . But there is definately a first time for everything . Hill introduces a great array of up-beat , hip-hop songs dealing with everyday life . I commend her for her outstanding talent and experience in the feild of music and production . Hill , thank you for a great cd ! Keep them coming !
 When I first heard this cd , I could n't believe how wonderful it was . There is such a different mix of music types . The songs are so meaningful and full of energy , that you ca n't help but be moved by each and every song . This CD is for anybody and everybody , from young to old .
 THINGS FALL APART . Go there next
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is an Awesome compilation of Real music . It showcases Lauryn 's distinctive style . I can play this CD everyday and never get tired of it ! Nominated for 10 Grammy Awards , this CD is a Must-Have in any music lover 's collection . It is so refreshing to have another artist who goes deeper than the standard re-make or re-mix we hear so much of today . Congratulations , Lauryn !
 This is a must-have cd . An instant classic . The songs are soulful and deep and the lyrics and melodies are all her own . She is a real diamond in the rough . Proof that not every hiphop artist nowadays has to use someone elses songs to have a hit !!
 I recomend this album to anybody . Usually this type of hip-hop is n't my fav . but after hearing this album , I totally changed my mind . She is the best artist of the late 90 's , and everyone should own AT LEAST one copy of this C.D. . The lyrics flow through the songs , and they seem to be perfectly written . Please buy this album , you will thank yourself .
 The best CD I have listened to in a long time
 I just went to her concert last night and it was off the hook !! Lauryn really put her all into this album .
 I am a fan of Lauren Hill simply because she is an exceptional woman . Ms. Hill appears to be different from all the other women , her attitude , her appearance , her inner-beauty and her whole selfbeing is unique . Ms. Hill raps/sings the truth , good and bad . Her chosen topics for her songs are in relations to everyday life . My favorite quote from her song Do Whap is '' how are you going to win , when you are not right within '' . From that phrase itself , I can perceive that Ms. Hill is a woman of class , an educated woman and an experienced woman . I am indeed a fan of Ms. Hill . I am proud of her , from woman to woman . And I encourage Ms. Hill to continue her accomplishments , becouse as her children become critical thinkers , they will realize your accomplishments , your beliefs and purpose . I am sure that they will be quite proud of their mother.Keep it up sister !
 I can not believe how well this album was put together . I bought the cd when it first came out . I LOVE THE MISEDUCATION OF LAURYN HILL !!!!!!!!
 I love this album ! It is really a great CD and Lauryn is the best female R&B / hip-hop soloist ever . `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing '' , and `` Ex Factor '' are so good . Ms. Hill does much better without Wyclef Jean or Pras from The Fugees . She sings , she writes , she raps , and she acts ! She 's a real person and a real artist with a # 1 album and 10 grammys just this year . She hot and fresh and will never die because shes Lauryn Hil ... the greastest .
 although not every song on the album is rap she is still the queen . by releasing the huge smash top 40 radio hit `` doo wop that thing '' her album went platinum and still sells highly coming in at number 8 on the album charts . she took home 4 soul train awards , 5 grammy awards , 3 american music awards and is currently nominated as one of the best artists on unoficall fan poll sites . when she raps she does n't rap about sex , drugs , and death like fellow risque ' female rappers Lil ' Kim and Foxy Brown . She raps about the streets , gospel/religon , and love . Lauryn Hill , Nas Escobar , and Mobb Deep are the only rappers now that ever rap about the streets they make their music for people growing up in the ghettos . she is also a soul/r + b artists in songs like `` i used to love him '' -LRB- a duet with mary j. blige -RRB- , `` everything is everything '' , and `` ca n't take my eyes off you '' one on the 2 exclusive songs only avalible on the cd version . then she has rap songs like `` lost ones '' , `` doo wop that thing '' , `` final hour '' and then little pieces of rap in songs like `` superstar '' , `` forgive them father '' , and `` everything is everything '' . the album is also personal though like `` ex-factor '' the second smash hit which deals with relationships , `` to zion '' -LRB- featuring Carlos Santana -RRB- which is a song about her son Zion , and her remake of whitney houston 's waiting to exhale track `` when it hurts so bad -LRB- why does it feel so good -RRB- '' . The album is a must have for anybody who ever liked rap and r + b. as for the fugees she do n't need them because even if you do n't want to admit it she made them and sometimes the truth hurts . make another lauryn and continue to be our queen .
 i 'm not sure if miss hill would appreciate my comments very much since i 'm white , but every word in her cd relates to how things were when i was growing up . i always walked around with my friends ' names on my jeans . growing up in the ghetto of detroit was one of the best places i 've lived in . all the different people make it so much more interresting . every day is a new day and you never know what to expect .
 LAUREN HILL IS MY ONE AND ONLY IDOLS AND I ADMIRE HER BECAUSE SHE NEVER LISTENS TO THE RUMORS THAT ARE SPREAD AROUND ABOUT HER.HER MUSIC ALWAYS HELPS ME WHEN I 'M TROUBLED ABOUT MY LIFE .
 This is a superb piece of music artistry which shows L. Hill 's versatility as a rapper and a R&B vocalist . L. Hill can go from rapping in her response to L.L. Cool J to singing with true feeling and heart felt emotion in `` Too Zion '' . L.Hill 's response to L.L. Cool J is not only whitty and comical it is also true and direct yet not as obvious as his so called attempt of a response to Cannibus . L. Hill has proven that she will be around for years to come due to credibilty and superior artistry of her new album .
 Without a doubt , this CD will make my best top ten CD 's of the nineties list ! Lauryn is on top of her game on EVERY track and there is no filler at all ! Lauryn is definitely a female Stevie Wonder of her times . NUFF SAID ! If you do n't own this album now , run to your nearest record store and get it , you wo n't go wrong !
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is the best Hip Hop/R & B CD ever ! Lauryn Hill 's lyrics reflect a deep sense of consciousness on her part . My favorite song is `` Zion '' where she talks about her son being the great pinnacle of her life -LRB- not her slammin ' career -RRB- . She talks about a dilemma that many pregnant single women face and about how she dealt with nay-sayers . My second favorite song off the album is `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' . I would agree with her when she talks about how young ladies these days dress like street walkers -LRB- my words not hers -RRB- and call it fashion.In short this is an album you can really sink your teeth into . It 's an album that will inspire self reflection .
 Lauryn Hill 's solo debut album is in one word
 If I were on a deserted island and could have only one cd and a solar powered cd player , this album would be the one ! Lauren Hill 's lyrics flow like water and the beats are hypnotic without dulling the senses . Her ability to switch from singing to rhyming is unique and seamless . The woman clearly is about business because she let her album drop with no mistakes in her `` sound '' or style !! I would n't be surprised if she stepped out on her own permanently -LRB- listen to `` Lost Ones '' , and `` Forgive them Father '' -- she is TALKING to someone REAL CLOSE to her -RRB- . This is beyond the limits of `` hip hop '' and ' R & B '' , this is soul for the '90s . While KIm , Foxy , Mya and whoever else is out there posin ' , Ms. Hill is getting the job done !
 I really liked this CD . It has everything that a true music fan would want . There is so much variety on this one album , it is unbelievable . Lauryn Hill is showing us what real music is about , instead of all that commercial music that is just trying to make money . That is why there are so many one hit wonders . They are not really in it for the music , they just wan na get paid . But not Lauryn Hill . She wants to do her thing and she does it oh so well on her first solo project . This CD is very educational . I think everyone should pick a copy and listen to it over and over again . Wake up black people !!!!! Lauryn is trying to tell you something .
 This CD is amazing . I bought it a week ago and have listened to it every day since -- sometimes several times a day . I 've recommended it to everyone I know . This is an instant classsic that I 'm sure people will talk about for years to come . Lauryn has set the standard . Let 's hope others now will attempt to `` light -LSB- our -RSB- fire '' and stop bombarding us with the same old tired tracks . Again , BUY THIS CD !!! You wo n't regret it .
 Lauryn hill has proved her lyrical skills once again.This is the best but more is soon to come wyclef should feel clowned for trying to leave her out in the rain . Keep it coming girl .
 Lauryn Hill has done what a rare woman has done in the 90 's on a record ... shed her soul and did so respectfully . She enlightens the world on life , love , and living . She keeps it entertaining with positive interludes and in musical form keeps her tracks laced with tight beats , tighter flows , and the tightest vocals known to the 90 's . Lauryn is truly blessed with the gift of song , may she live on . Soul Brother # 1 !
 I believe Lauryn Hill truly deserves the nomination for best album . I ca n't even put it in a catogory , because it 's so diverse . I truly loved it and would recommend it to anyone .
 it 's got grammys written all over it . when we do a 90s retrospective , be sure to see this album turn up on many critics and music fans ' list . it 's fresh yet stylised , it 's funky yet oh-so-smooth , it 's in your face yet sublimely subtle . one word
 Lauryn Hill puts her heart in her music and it shows . Her solo debut is a true masterpiece . It embodies rap , r & b , reggae and most important , her love of good music . The tracks `` Doo Wop '' , `` Superstar '' , `` To Zion '' , heck all of them are what REAL music is about . I have listened to this CD everyday since I bought it . The girl is like an old soul , just so deep . She live up to what she sings about in `` Superstar '' , nothing on her album is `` tired '' . If you love good music that inspires , buy this CD , you wo n't regret it .
 It 's a great album ! Rap , hip-hop , soulful R&B all wrapped into one . She definitely has a soulful and powerful voice . A MUST to buy album !
 When I first bought this CD I knew I loved her first single , but I was n't so sure if I liked all the tracks , once I started listening I realized the Lauryn Hill had done it again , her music is SWEET its a combonation of ethnic , r & b , rap , gospel and pop music all rolled into one . I think the Fugees should do another CD all together because Pras , Wy Clef and Lauryn Hill are such original and wonderful artists .
 Grammy voters listen up - this is the best album of the year ! Lost Ones , Superstar & Every Ghetto Every City highlight this soulful album . The CD is excellent because it 's so soothing . It 's a must have and I guarantee this will be nominated for album of the year . BUY IT !!!
 If you want moving lyrics , wonderful melodies and a voice to put it all together , then you 'll get Lauren Hill 's debut album . I ` ts full of positive messages and life lessons that many people will be able to relate to . Those of you who have been a fan of hers since Sister Act II , I know you will love it . For those of you who are just experiencing Lauren Hill , I guarantee you 'll love it as much as I do .
 I really , really , really , really , LOVE the hell out her CD . It 's the best cd thats ever been out.She is my # 1 fan . L-Boogie up in ner ! My songs are , `` Light my Fire '' , `` SuperStar '' , `` Hurts so bad '' , `` Nothing even matters '' , and '' That Thing '' , I ca n't do nothing but get hype off her CD . SHE just blow up the spot.Sharri and Poohdaddy
 I listened to the album again and again and again and it hit me this was not an album . It was live , it touched my soul and mind and made me refect on life . Buy this and enter her world .
 You know it 's a good album when ... it came out 6 years ago and it is still relevant today . It is still moving , hip , rich in message , melody and harmony . This CD took me back in the day and brought me back to the present day . I see why Lauryn Hill got so much praise for this CD . Even though I like her raps , I love her singing much better . Sister Act 2 showed the world the powerful voice she possesses . The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill showed she knew what to do with it .
 I have a friend named Margaret who in a discussion about music told me she really does n't like Hip-Hop or R&B ; music . She is a rocker like myself , so I told her that I understand her feelings . I know that I once felt that hip-hop and R&B ; were basically bad rapping over uninteresting beats , or bad singing over uninteresting beats . Either way , it seemed to me at one time that the music was boring and had little to offer rockers like Margaret and myself . Then I told her about `` Miseducation . `` When I was in high school , I happened to hear `` Do Wop ' prick my smug rock ears from a friends car radio . I asked him who this was and he tole me that it was Lauryn Hill . I was so enchanted that I had to buy the CD when I saw it at a local record store the next week.I told Magret that the album is full of great hip hop beats , soulful instrumentaion not heard since the do wop era , and rap skills on par with the best male rappers out there . However , more importantly , it is an album of Lauryn Hill 's beautiful voice . A voice that swims through a past of pain , broken-hearts , love for men , her child and her world . The hip-hop , and R&B ; qualities of the album are all great , but it is Lauryn 's powerful voice that makes the album a masterpiece worthy for even the smugest rock guy or girl.She bought the album a few days after our conversation and we have been huge Lauryn Hill fans ever since .
 I liked Lauryn Hill so much in The Fugees , I had to get her first solo album . I was blown away after one listening ! This album showcases her rap skills and wonderful singing vioce . Even the interludes between songs are bearable !! Of course `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' is one of my favorites , where she shows off both of her talents . The harmonies are incredible !! Other faves include `` Ex-Factor '' , `` I Used To Love Him '' -LRB- a duet with Mary J. Blige -RRB- , and `` Final Hour '' . The two I did not enjoy were `` Superstar '' and her duet with D'Angelo , `` Nothing Even Matters '' -LRB- `` NEM '' is just too long !! -RRB- . This CD is a must for anyone who likes hip-hop , R&B , and/or -LRB- light -RRB- rap . Get your '' -LRB- Mis - -RRB- Education '' from Lauryn , and it will be tuition well-spent !
 Every song is incredibly perfect.Be sure that you will active the repeat choice on your cdplayer . You will love it .
 Al escuchar este CD por primera ocasi&oacute;n me interes&oacute; mucho la calidad del mismo pero despu&eacute;s de varias canciones me pareci&oacute; algo poco inovador.Sin embargo , el m&eacute;rito del &aacute;lbum se sostiene por la excelente calidad de -LRB- no muchas -RRB- canciones.En realidad llegar&aacute;s a pensar que Lauryn Hill es una genio de la m&uacute;sica por su capacidad de hacer majestuosas canciones.Para m&iacute; es de mis mejores &aacute;lbums , y vale mucho la pena , porque aunque la calidad del mismo merma un poco en parte del disco , brilla como un qu&aacute;sar en las canciones buenas.Muy recomendable .
 I 'm not a huge fan of rap . Hip Hop is OK but it can be very redundant and phony . So it was with a cautious hand that I bought Hill 's first solo cd , but after my first listen , I was amazed ! The cd felt totally real and un-seflconscious . I got a sense of a true artist with something to say , a message to send and not a carbon copy out there going through the motions without a shread of conviction . The cd made me laugh , dance , think , cry , and FEEL som eof what she was singing about . What more can you ask ? I was moved . So glad I bought this cd and listen to it often , sing it in my head when I 'm not . Anyone with any reservations about this purchase take note
 Lauryn Hill has a great voice and a very creative mind . No matter what kind of music you like , rap , jazz , soul , R&B , or classical , you will love this CD . I can garuntee it will be on your list of favorites , come on , even my mom likes it , and she usualy does n't like the stuff I do . -LRB- She hates rap -RRB- Juat as a note , BUY THE CD !
 I do n't even like hip-hop , but I gave in to peer pressure and bought this album some time ago and BY GOD she is talented ! My friends all have very different taste in music , but this is the one album they all have and all love . They tend to prefer different songs though , which I suppose is one of the points - the songs are not all the same like on some artists ' albums . And , of course , it 's great for parties ! So , if you belong to the minority of people who do n't own this record , GET IT NOW !
 i think this is one of the best CD i ever bought , Lauryn have a wonderful voice and she know how to use it ! some of the great songs are
 All around a great CD , especially in this day and age where so many one-hit wonders somehow manage to put together an entire CD with the remaining songs being garbage . This CD has LOTS of great songs . Evertime I hear `` To Zion '' , I get all choked-up ! Talk about soulful !
 Lauryn Hill has been able to return to write , record , and produce incredible music with `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill . '' Listening to her CD is lovely because it 's lyrics are obviously true to the writer 's and performer 's heart , and they are very relevant to the issues that we face at the end of the millenium . Ms. Hill has also managed to create 16 unique songs , and all of them are done equally well . Let us hope that Ms. Hill has taken the road which other R&B / Hip-Hop Performers will also take , because the music needs a change , and perhaps Lauryn Hill 's miseducation is the wake-up much needed .
 Lauryn Hill has struck gold with her new album . She has a lot of talent .
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill has strong lyrics in EVERY song and really displays Lauryn 's musical talent . The rhymes are tihgt as well as the beats . I recommend this cd to anyone who can enjoy a real artist at the best of her ability .
 Nothing hardcore on this album . Just smooth jams with origninal material . Lauryn 's voice sounds great as always !
 I purchased The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill the day it hit the record stores , August 25th . I was more than floored by her talent , creativity and honesty in this , her first solo endeavor . Not only are the beats on this album jamming , but the depth of her words show that there is so much more to artists and they really need an outlet to express themselves fully . My favorite pieces are `` Nothing Even Matters '' , `` Doo-Wop , '' To Zion , '' and `` Final Hour . '' Those four selections ammased emotions that I 've never felt from music . I love the Fugees and all due respect , but this is truly Sister Hill 's time to shine . And shine she does .
 This album takes some warming to . It is not immediately accesible and sweetened with singles and this may be its commercial downfall . That said , L-Boogie has surpassed the enormous promise shown on the Fugees erratic , if at moments brilliant , 1996 smash `` The Score . '' It is amazing that anyone , let alone a 23 year old , could show such appreciation of all the varied and rich musical traditions of Africa-diaspora and also be able to draw upon and enrich that legacy with one album . Everything is in here
 I really enjoy listening to sound of Lauryn Hill , this album truly is a beautiful collection of songs for the soul and food for thought . She represents for everyone , no matter if you 're a person in love , or you just wan na here same rough battlin ' lyrics , Lauryn covers all 4 corners of the map . . Plus she lets you know that her oneness is with the creator and her creation . . Hopefully we 'll here more from Lauryn in the years to come ... Keep up the good work !!! Salaam !!!!
 I really enjoy listening to sound of Lauryn Hill , this album truly is a beautiful collection of food for the soul and thought songs . She represents for everyone , no matter if you 're a person in love , or you just wan na here same rough battlin ' lyrics she covers all 4 corners of the map ... Hopefully we 'll here more from Lauryn in the years to come ... Keep up the good work !!!
 Words can only do a disservice to the scope and deep emotion that this album not only invokes , but also infuses in its listeners.Listening to this one remembers the strength and power personified in the great Sojourner Truth 's epochal poem , `` Ai n't I A Woman . `` Listen to it yourself and you will see ... you sure are a woman Lauryn Hill .
 Words can only do a disservice to the scope and deep emotion that this album not only invokes , but also infuses in its listeners.Listening to this one remembers the strength and power personified in the great Sojourner Truth 's epochal poem , `` Ai n't I A Woman . `` Listen to it yourself and you will see ... you sure are a woman Lauryn Hill .
 Lauryn Hill is a very blessed individual . She has one of the most distinctive voices I have heard in a long while . Lauryn can rap and sing extremely well without giving up her integrity or profound lyrics.This album is ecletic , soulful , but yet raw and edgy as well . The Fugees were successful - but I do n't think anyone could have anticipated Ms. Hill 's debut album.Loved by critics and fans alike , this album is certified classic by almost every music lover.There is not one track that is filler material ... simply not one.This is one of the first albums I knew like the back of my hand . I could recite her album acapella even with the interludes!As a songwriter/singer/writer myself I am amazed at Lauryn 's talent . She makes it look effortless and real.She can come across edgy and street but politically intelligent and poised . She is a real BLACK WOMAN.Standouts
 Now the joy of our lives is in Zion ... I hate to admit , but this girl deserved her victory , so real it makes Andrea Bocelli seem horrible.The reason?Where Andrea Bocelli is a singer who often sings songs written by others -LRB- he occasionally writes his own material -RRB- , Lauryn writes her own all the time . Proof that she 's a `` real '' artist . But then it makes me seem like an idiot because I do n't plan on singing .
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is one of the best albums ever ! Her voice is so beautiful and she puts so much feeling in her wonderful music . She is not a racist , her music unites all races of people . She is a beautiful person inside and out and I can not wait for her next album .
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is generally considered to be among the very best hip-hop albums of the 90s -LRB- for instance , it was nominated for ten Grammys , taking home five including Best Album -RRB- . I have to , respectfully , disagree . There 's nothing bad about Miseducation , in fact , it has some extremely high moments , but it falls short of true greatness -LRB- the 9/10 range -RRB- . Have you ever heard of the problem of firsts and lasts ? It refers to the tendency of artists to put all their good music at the beginning and the end of a CD , and include the weaker stuff/filler in the middle . Miseducation instead suffers from just firsts and 11ths and 13ths . The first four tracks are killer , and then most of the rest is fine and sometimes good but nothing special.A consistent problem for Lauryn is that while her flow is good when she raps , she often creates awkward rhythms when she sings her verses . It 's weird . And in a related problem , her choruses are consistently far more interesting than her verses . It 's especially noticeable on songs like `` Ex-Factor , '' `` When It Hurts So Bad , '' `` I Used to Love Him , '' `` Forgive Them Father , '' and `` Every Ghetto , Every City . `` SongsIntro NA/10
 I think the thing about Lauren Hill is she actually has a singing voice ; She must have had some singing lessons or something . So most of the emotion she sings with is justified by her ability to carry it . She does n't oversing that much , either . She is n't forever reaching for high notes , mostly she stays within herself . She also does n't do much ` forcing ' of her notes , quite rare amongst female -LRB- and a lot of male -RRB- vocalists these days . Her vocal delivery is fairly natural . Perhaps that is why this album was so gushed over at the time . I remember TV commercials about it a lot at the time . Plus give her credit for writing 14 songs on her own.I actually really like modern soul , it 's more `` groovalicious '' than it was back when . Most of these songs are great songs and they have such great grooves . I like the song ` Superstar ' with it 's harpsichord and harp . ` When it hurts so bad ' is also a great track , with it 's dreamy harp-filled chorus and tribal rhythms . Plus the title track and ` Nothing even matters ' are gorgeous soul ballads . When Lauren Hill strikes a note in a relaxed manner , the result is often the audio equivalent of seeing red wine being poured into a glass . Another song I find interesting is Ex-factor , a 70 's - ish soul ballad but as I said before these modern soul recordings have such groovy beats . On that song she tries singing in her higher register all the time and she handles it ` ok ' . It 's a really pretty song.However , my favourite track has to be ` Sweetest Thing ' , she sings it brilliantly and it 's such a melodic and beautiful song . I also like her cover of the Franki Valli Staple ` Ca n't take my eyes off you ' . In my estimation , it 's a pretty good album , and one you 'll want to play a lot .
 To sum up what I think Lauryn CD is , great . She is a yong lady that puts great pride in her work and all those awards she won is well deserved .
 Since she won so many Grammys and everyone says she 's so great , I decided to buy this album thinking it would be chock full of crappy reggae numbers , but boy was I wrong ! She can sing melodic ballads like `` Nothing Even Matters '' and `` Ex-Factor '' and get jiggy with fast beat tunes like `` Lost Ones , '' `` Doo Wop , '' `` Final Hour , '' and `` Ca n't Take My Eyes off of you . '' buy this album !
 I just was reading the reviews for this and I had to comment . Of course everyone is entitled to their own opinion , but I wonder how some people could have formed theirs on this cd . I found this cd to be wonderful and expiring . I have had it since the first day it came out and I love it . Everytime I listen to it becomes more meaningful to me each time . To those who hate this cd so much , could it because a majoriy of people like it and you do n't want to be in the `` in '' crowd ? Or maybe you just like to hate everything ? Even if you did n't like this cd ... you ca n't deny that Lauryn does n't have talent . To ya 'll who are debating whether or not to get this cd get it . It is woth every penny .
 This is one of the BEST albums ever ! Lauryn 's talent is truly unmatched . She is righteous and represents purity , without being `` preachy '' . She is a skilled lyricist/vocalist and I look forward to more of her artistry in the future .
 I love this CD ! I could listen to it all day . I almost cried when i heard To Zion ! Lauryn is definately the best Fugee of them all !
 Luaryn Hill has suceedded in fusing hip-hop with mainstream pop such that hip-hop music is given so much regonition these days . Hill obviously has the gift for the beats and singlehandedly creates hip-hop music so great that you would n't stop listening !
 Lauryn Hill is a great artist ! I LOVE this CD . She has really inspired me , and she 's gone through a lot of rough times and has pulled through AWESOME ! `` For Zion '' is such a great song , it really touched me ! I think that we can learn from her -LRB- sorry , that sounds REALLY corny ! -RRB- . She has had a great music career , and it ai n't over yet ! Anyone who does n't own this cd , BUY IT NOW ! Way to go , Lauryn ! : - -RRB-
 I am back again to correct what some people have been saying about l-boggie . FIRST , SHE IS NOT PREJUDICE AGAINST WHITES . THAT 'S A BIG RUMOR.That would be ignorant to be that way knowing that the top people in charge of your work might be white also . SO WIPE THAT FACT OUT OF YOUR SYS. . The album is tight and shows a lot of creativity . Those who do n't see it are either too mad because their artist did n't win at the grammys or are just too blind to see and hear how many different instruments and lyrics was put into this to make it such a hot r + b/rap CD . -LRB- all written , produced and arranged by lauryn -RRB- Do n't listen to some of these hater reviews in here . Go out and listen to it for yourself . YOU BE THE JUDGE !!!!!!!!!!!! I
 I think that Lauryn has a great new cd . The words are inspiring yet emotional . I recommend it to everyone .
 Lauryn Hill 's debut is off the hook . Slammin . Few singers can communicate emotion so effectively , even with a single note . You really are a gem , baby girl .
 THIS CD WAS INSPIRATIONAL , IT WAS SO BEAUTIFUL THAT IT I ALMOST CRYED FOR SOME OF THE SONGS
 Lauryn Hill is phenomenal . I knew this from her days with The Fugees , and that 's why I bought The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill the day it came out . She can sing and rap , which no female does , and which no man can do as well as L-Boogie . ` Ex-Factor ' , ` Final Hour ' & ` Doo Wop ' are the best songs on the album . A must must must buy for n-e-1
 Ms. Hill is a great singer and has a beautiful voice . Just listen to the lyrics and you will find out how right she is . A young talented artist who will stay on top of her peak and will continue to grow strong . Its just my interpretation of the situation .
 One thing I love about `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' is that you connect with th artist . You 're not just listening , you 're feeling . `` Zion '' is my favorite song on there ; she pours her heart into that one . A must buy !!
 I 'VE BEEN LISTENING TO HER EVERY SINCE SHE GOT BOOED OFF APPOLLO AND LOOK WHERE SHE 'S AT NOW SO WHO 'S BOOING NOW THE ALBUM IS THE BOMB I COULD N'T HAVE SANG THOSE WORDS NO BETTER THAN SHE DID SO KEEP IT UP LAURYN I 'VE BEEN A FAN OF YOURS SINCE SISTER ACT2 GIRL YOU IS THE BOMB . APRIL
 777 : Lauryn Hill is a beautiful singer with a beautiful heart . I would crack down on all the negative remarks thrown at hill but that would be so unLauryn-like . She is truly unlike any other artist . I do n't put her on some pedistool , God already has his children in high places . NO ONE that carries that much love could have any room for hatred . She is a very good role model , and I dug that line fom Sister Souljah in `` Forgive them Father '' . Lauryn is a very pretty woman and I 'm so glad to see that the definition of what beauty is , is changing , and that hip hop is getting such props . Lauryn Hill is a lot like love - you ca n't define it but you know it 's source is God !!!! I hope Lauryn continues to flip those cucumber experiences into pickles - LOVE LIKE LAURYN ***
 The variety goes from soft to ragingly saucy , the beat always amazes me and her lyrics express exactly what people want to hear . Her songs make me want to dance exspecially watch out ! Lauren hill is an aspiring growing young artist who grew from the fugees into a brilliant young solo artist she is adored by many people a large percentage of teenagers but adults also love her funky tunes
 Congratulation Ms Hill.This album has again proven your abiliy while the awards you have just won has proven the acceptability of the audiences.The beat , flow and style of this album was simply fantastic.You deserve these awards so keep on showing them what you got.THE TASTE OF THE PUDDING IS IN THE EATING . That means do n't be discourage by the sick minded people who may criticise you .
 I am not a Hip Hop fan , but I enjoyed this album very much . Ms. Hill did a wonderful job and it is nice to see the establishment recognize the work of a non-mainstream African American artist . No matter how far we come , there will always be those who want to push us back . Keep up the good and positive work !!!
 Lauryn Hill has fused the spirit of soul music in all its elements and created an album that will be celebrated for years to come . The innovation that she used on this album combining R&B , reggae , and rap to create some heart-fueled lyrics , with ear-kissing melodies and beautiful vocals is nothing short of amazing .
 I throughly enjoyed each track on the album . Each song gave the listener a look into Lauryn 's soul into her life . The two songs that I loved the most were `` Zion '' and `` Nothing Even Matters '' . Her duet with D'Angelo was wonderful . The vocal arrangement was beautiful along with that wonderful harmony they had with one another.The album is and will always be one of my favorites . I knew Lauryn would do great things but who knew just how great those things would be .
 This is the best CD i have . It has been in my CD player since i got it . i am giving it away for presents for Christmas . GET IT ! ITS GREAT !!!!
 i love this Cd . This is a collection of work by someone who is really talented and gifted . Keep up the good work !!!!!!!!!!!
 Lauryn Hill , possibly the best female artist of the ninties finally released her highly anticipated album . It truly is a piece of art with the first funky track `` Ex-Factor '' to the soulful duet with Mary . J Blige `` I used to love him '' . This brilliant album joins Wyclef Jean 's and Pras Michel 's efforts to undoubtedly make The Fugees the most talented and successful hip-hop band ever .
 Lauryn Hill is definately the new millineums ' `` All time DIVA '' . Her lyrics are truley devine and heart warming . I 've always enjoyed listening to her songs , but this album takes the cake . I ca n't stop listening to tracks 4,5,12,14,15 & 16 -LRB- especially # 4 -RRB- . I really felt her on those , but the entire album is unbelievable . I admire everything she stands for and the vast accomplishments in her life and the way she expresses them on this album . You have to take time to listen to her album and I gaurantee that you 'll be purchasing it before you 're finished listening . CONGRATULATIONS Lauryn on your new baby girl and I wish you and your kids all the love & blessings ... Keep keeping it real girl !
 I MUST ADMIT THAT I DID NOT LIKE IT AT FIRST ! BUT ONCE I LISTENED TO THE LYRICS THE SECOND TIME AROUND , LAURYN HAD ME HOOKED !! I LOVE IT !!! I CA N'T WAIT FOR HER NEXT LP !!!!!
 This CD -- especially the last song -- is a great way for me to relax . The songs run the gamut of emotions -- from intense love to bitterness . Finally , the last two songs just bring it all back to love . I love the spiritual allusions in the songs . Buy this CD . You wo n't regret it .
 Lauryn 's CD is awesome . She proves that a woman can be both beautiful on the outside and on the inside . Her lyrics are thought-provoking . Her duet with D'Angelo is the best - the combination of their styles is unbelievably smooth . This is my favorite CD right now , and will be one that I contnue to play for a long time .
 Before I baught your cd I did n`t actually know who you were but when I listen at your cd I understand directelly ! I wanted to say that I did n`t know what rap was but now I know , ofcourse you have alot of soul in your record too but I enjoy it . This is the first record I have baught and been very happy about it , beacause it 's a record you can listen to over and over again whitout being tired at it . It 's a record for any age even my mom like it and she is 40 years old . I want you to continue whit your work , and to the one who reads this I just want to say : Buy it !!!! I meen why not !? I whish you lauryn and your baby a happy christmas and of course to you who read it , HAPPY CHRISTMAS TO YOU TOO !!!!!!!
 For a first CD , regardless of the fact that it is Laryn Hill , it 's slammin ' ! There is a lot of soul and realism in every song . I can not wait for her next album
 WHERE ARE YOU?THIS ALBUM IS REALLY GOODALL THE SONGS ARE TRULYOUTSTANDING YOU WAS THE DRIVING FORCEBEHIND THE FUGEES.THIS ALBUMDISPLAYS YOU 'RE TALENTS AS A SINGER/SONG WRITERAND YOU NEED TO COMEBACK LAURYN.I PROMISE PEOPLE THIS ALBUM DOESNTDISAPPOINT.IT 'S TIGHT .
 I AM 17 YEARS OLD AND I HAVE BEEN BUYING CD 'S MY WHOLE LIFE . . I LOEV MUSIC AND HAVE NEVER EVER FOUDN A CD BETTER THEN THIS CD ... I STILL TO THIS DAY LISTEN TO THIS CD WHEN AND I HAVE HAD IT SINCE I WAS IN 7TH GRADE . . I AM A SENIOR NOW !! I DONT CARE HOW OLD IT IS , IT ALWAYS STAYS IN WITH ALL MY NEW CDS CUZ ITS JUST AS GOOD !!
 worth listening!very good
 Its a great CD but its too bad track 14 - the miseducation of lauryn hill track is recorded poorly and has an annoying crackling sound that just ruins it .
 lauryn hill has the tighest cd ever made . she is the bomb . i have never seen an artist that can sing and rap she is the **** . i recommend everyone to buy this cd !!!!
 This cd was great . It speaks of growing up , love and life . The words in songs as `` Zion '' make you cry . But there 's also a mix of fun songs , like `` Every ghetto , every city '' . I recommend this cd to everyone!It moves you , and makes you want to sing along . Lauryn Hill has put beautiful poetry to music . This is a fantastic cd , which will not be a disappointment !!!
 i do n't know where to begin but that this album was so amazing i 'm still stunned by it . her lyrics , the rhythm , the feelings , everything about it blew my mind . thats a lot to say coming from a punk rocker who rarely listens to any new r/b . i have a pretty wide selection of music but most of what i like is punk . this album stirred so many emotions in me i 've never really felt through music before . everything she sang about love , and confusion , the battles and how to overcome them were so on the money . if you ever want to play a meaningfull album to your lover or even to dedicate a song may i suggest choosing lauryn over any artist any day .
 she has captured the heart and soul of r and b and hip hop . she has no competition from the men and women in the industry . she is classy and has her act together and it reflects in her music . she sings about the joy and pain of womanhood , motherhood and of being alive . she 's great
 When I first heard this CD I was 8 months pregnant and the song about her son Zion almost made me cry . I listned to it every day and was really inspired to become a mommy after feeling really desperate about my finances . I really do not recommend this album to guys because they are expecting her to remain a hardcore rap artist . This album shows her softer/stronger side . i really love this album and do not tire of hearing its ' positive lyrics . The other jams , like `` Know I do n't , but I used to love him '' is a nice also . Big up to Lauryn . Properity to her , her children and her current main squeeze Rohan Marley .
 ALTHOUGH I CA N'T GET ENOUGH OF HER ALBUM , -LRB- THAT THING ROCKS MY WORLD -RRB- , I 'M A LITTLE CONCERNED ABOUT THE RUMOR GOING AROUND THAT SHE IS RACIST . I HAVE HEARD THAT SHE HATES WHITE PEOPLE AND I AM APPAULD THAT THIS COULD BE TRUE . WHEN I LISTEN TO HER MUSIC I DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT THE FACT THAT SHE IS BLACK , THE ONLY THING THAT IS CROSSING MY MIND IS THATSHE HAS TREMENDOUS TALENT . WHY SHOULD IT MATTER WHAT COLOR I AM IF I LIKE HER MUSIC . HAVE MUCH RESPEC FOR LURYN AND I HOPE THAT THESE RUMORS ARE MOT TRUE , B/C IT WOULD DEFINATLEY MAKE ME THINK TWICE ABOUT WHY I BOUGHT HER RECORD , BECAUSE I AM WHITE.LAURYN HILL FAN UNLESS IT 'S TRUEJAMI SCHNEIDER
 Two words
 Lauryn Hill is one of todays most talented and creative artists . She blends R&B , Rap , Reggae , Gospel and Rock with her soulful vocals in such a way that you will find yourself addicted to her sound . Her music is a fresh inspirational funk and will have you screaming GRAMMY ! My personal favorites are `` X-factor '' and `` To Zion '' . The guitar in `` To Zion '' is the perfect touch as only Santana can deliver . Pure genius . I Love this CD ! I Love you Lauryn !
 Lauryn Hill 's CD truly expresses how life is and that 's why I think her music is so great because she keeps it real . I enjoy listening to this album very much and I advise anyone who has not bought it ; go out and go get it . Especially women ; cause girls I garrantee that you can relate - I did . It 's a great CD and I hope Lauryn continues to make music that 's so enjoyable .
 For all of you people glancing at this c.d. for the first time buy it . We all saw Lauryn in `` sister act II '' , and with the `` Fugees '' , but her solo album has got to be the best one for 1998 and 1999 . all of the songs on this c.d. are good . if you want to buy a c.d. that you can pop back into the c.d. player 5 years from now and say `` this is a classic '' then buy this c.d.
 Lauryn Hill 's new album , The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is something new to have happened to the R & B and hip hop scene . This girl can sing ! Her rapping is just as good as her singing and her high notes resonate equally with those of her back-up . Lauryn Hill will become a truly wonderful star , and artist to watch and one we can all identify with . Another new concept in hip hop is to have a mix of singing and rapping in the same song . She sing with passion and it shows . Every song is a hit . Rap on , Lauryn !
 I was given this cd for christmas with no clue as to what was on it ! I have yet to stop playing this cd . I am afraid I am going to wear it out . I have already recorded , it so I can run and work out with it at the gym ! All of the songs are incredible , but the one that stands out is , To Zion . That song is one of the most amazingly ` real ' songs I have heard in a long time . It truly speaks from the heart . Kudos to Ms. Hill , she is strong , sensitive and ALL THAT ! Go out and buy it today , it is worth your money !
 One of the best album 's I have ever heard ! It tugs at every emotion
 Lauryn Hill 's voice and beat really seem just to flow . I love the Fugees , but Lauryn can stand on her own and really put out a smooth sound .
 Lauryn posseses an angelic voice and stays true to the art of Hip-Hop with her `` wise `` lyrics . The writing for this album is reminiscent of Stevie Wonders `` Song In the Key Of Life `` album . This is a must for one serious about Hip-Hop as it is the future for the `` New Mill '' .
 This album is sooooo good ! Every track has tremendous base and beat , and each song contains those phat Lauryn Hill lyrics that all just flow and come together to make you feel the song.The CD has 2 bonus tracks at the end which are n't listed on the jacket -LRB- nice surprise ! -RRB- . An empowering , soulful , sensual , emotional album that is sure to get you hooked ! Hope you enjoy it as much as I do ... have n't listened to anything else since I got it !
 This was a very good CD . Every song was inspiriring and up lifting . Lauryn is a very talented woman . She was very unique with the music , it was like nothing I had ever heard before . the music style was different and she stood out amoung other many artist . I like her insights and views that she expressed in the songs . Mine are basically the same . Lauryn Hill is the BOMB !!! She can flow too . SUPER KRUNK
 I bought this CD the first day it came out and have listened to it devoutly . Her music is great to relax with and enjoy . Her style is very versatile and easy to understand . `` To Zion '' is so well written that it expresses the feelings a woman has when she becomes pregnant unexpectedly and chooses to bear the responsibility . I LOVE this album and would highly recommend it to everyone .
 the cd the miseducation of lauryn hill is a great cd . it is better than any other female singer/rapper of our time . its all about lauryn hill and her ten nods for the grammys ' . all the others are going down . .
 This is a really wonderful CD ! Lauryn Hill at her best ! I was a fan of the Fugee 's and it 's great to see Lauryn back ! BUY IT TODAY ! YOU WO N'T REGRET IT !
 This album is absolutely wonderful , one of the few commercially successful albums I have heard recently that seems to portray a true view of the hip-hop culture ... a culture which ascends over all barriers of color . Lauryn Hill is a musical genius and her success should be an inspiration to everyone.I would like to say something to all the people who have written in calling her a racist , or those who were obviously racists themselves . I am a white male , and we are the most racist of all people -LRB- supposedly -RRB- , right ? Well I love hip hop culture ... . But black people like Lauryn Hill have been the main musical experimenters and genre creators of our time . Almost all popular music today can be traced back to african american creation and/or roots . Just about the only musical genres I can think of that have n't been heavily infulenced by blacks are classical and possibly celtic . Even all you racists sitting around listening to your all-white-american bluegrass -LRB- nothing against bluegrass , i love it -RRB- have blacks to thank for your banjo , and almost every other instrument you use has been derived from black innovations . Not to mention the heavy infulence of slave songs and spirituals.Lauryn Hill is not a racist , but a realist . White men , my anscestors , screwed black people and indians out of freedom , humility , and basic human rights . You call her a racist just because she hangs on to her roots and refuses to conform to `` our '' white culture ?? I am WHITE and ... even I find it hard to conform to a culture which has been so horribly oppressive to all people.Basically , this album is an awesome celebration of a culture which Lauryn Hill portrays with emotion and soul ... .
 As one-third of the Grammy-winning hip-hop act the Fugees , Lauryn Hill became a star . On this , her powerful solo debut , the 23-year-old singer-songwriter-producer becomes an artist.Thoughtful and passionate , The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is an exhilarating mix of warmly expressive singing , hip-hop and reggae-flavored rhythms and Hill 's often no-nonsense lyrics -LRB- `` Do n't be a hard rock when you 're really a gem/Babygirl , respect is just a minimum '' -RRB- . Sometimes celebratory -LRB- as in the slightly overwrought ode to her son , `` To Zion '' -RRB- and sometimes cautionary -LRB- the heartbreaking look at love gone bad , `` Ex-Factor '' -RRB- , Hill can seem wise one moment and playfully girlish the next.With help from guitarist Carlos Santana and fellow vocalists Mary J. Blige and D'Angelo -LRB- who duets on the sexy `` Nothing Even Matters '' -RRB- , Hill sings about nontraditional hip-hop subjects such as God , family , the cost of success and the need to love and be loved . In the process she raises the bar for intelligent , introspective pop .
 I could go on , but the fact of the matter is you 've heard it all before . But this album is worth the hype and more . It is seriously one of the best albums ever recorded in history . It does n't matter what kind of music you listen to ... you have to at least listen to this once . It is beatiful . If Lauryn Hill never even comes out with the follow-up studio album to this , I will still be content . I highly recommend this album . You 've got $ 7.99 to `` lose '' and a whole lot of good music to gain .
 This album is arguably one of the best album released in the 90s . The record 's content includes some unrivaled rap tracks , some catchy pop tracks , and some of the most beautiful songs that I have ever heard . She is undoubtley a contemporary equal of Aretha Franklin . The record takes you on a ride of agreesive hip hop to beautiful love songs . This album marks the benchmark for female R&B artists as a goal to aspire to . If you like hip hop buy it now , if you like pop buy it now , if you like good music buy it now !!!
 I 've been listening to this album since I was about 8 and I 've loved it since then . Her lyrics take you to a different place , they make you think . This album is like a journey ; through love , hard times , and to success . To me she is like what Kanye West is trying to be now , a MUSICAL GENIUS . She can sing , she can rap , she can write ... Lauryn Hill is truly an inspiration to young artists . Some of my favorites on this album are `` Lost Ones '' , `` Ex-Factor '' , `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' , `` Superstar '' , `` Final Hour '' , `` I Used To Love Him '' with MJB , `` Forgive Them Father '' , `` Every Ghetto Every City '' , `` Nothing Even Matters '' with D'Angelo , and `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off Of You '' . I recommend this album for ANYONE who is a fan of good music . BKLYNBABYLON signing off ...
 Lauryn Hill first exploded onto the global music scene as a member of the Fugees . They swept the world because of their unique style and that girl , Lauryn Hill . Lauryn Hill has won a total of 8 Grammy Awards including 2 with the Fugees , 1 for her work on Santana 's album `` Supernatural '' and 5 for her solo masterpiece - The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill - . In 1998 this album was released to mass success and rave reviews . With this album she revolutionized the R&B ; scene at the time paving the way for more female R&B ; artists.On this album she plays with the issues of birth , depression and a failed relationship . This album is great because each song has a special thing to it . There is no doubting how creative Hill is on this album . `` Intro '' starts off the album as well an intro as you can possibly get . Set at the beginning of a school day with a teacher calling the roll , it 's hard to rate this `` track '' because nothing much happens musically . However it 's a nice setting . This is basically the basis for the rest of the album as the title refers to her `` miseducation '' . At the end of mostly every track on the album a little sort of interlude comes in as part of the track . These interludes are set at the school where Lauryn is supposed to be , but is not . 10/10 `` Lost Ones '' this is a perfect hip-hop track with a crazed beat that bounces all over the place . Lauryn 's rapping is so solid here and definitely not commercial . That 's what Ilike about Lauryn , she 's a genius and never goes mainstream . 10/10 `` Ex-Factor '' is one of the best songs on the album . A very emotional song about a failed relationship this track has a very nice arrangement and Lauryn 's voice is beautiful and harmonic in the chorus . 10/10 `` To Zion '' is the song about the birth of her child , featuring Santana on guitar this song is a very powerful song , Lauryn 's vocal timbre is so beautiful I think I am listening to an angel serenade to me . 10/10 `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' is the most mainstream song on this album but is suprisingly genius . Her biggest hit from her solo masterpiece . This song does n't use samples and is very feminine in places . 10/10 '' Superstar '' is not the best song on the album but I like it , the chorus here is very jazzed up and cool . She really is a superstar in her own right . 10/10 `` Final Hour '' is such a fresh song , Lauryn can do ballads and fresh hip-hop equally as well as each other . On this track she proves herself again . This track in very in-your-face .10 / 10 `` When It Hurts So Bad '' is the perfect Hill ballad that signifies her lyrical and musical strength . Here she does no wrong . 10/10 `` I Used To Love Him '' features a very strong Mary J. Blige , I 've always liked how their harmonies are so strong and this duet flows well . 10/10 `` Forgive Them Father '' is a reggae hip-hop infusion and works incredibly well . I love this song . 10/10 `` Every Ghetto , Every City '' is where Hill brings back her childhood memories and shares them with us , lyrically the strongest song on the album this track rocks . 10/10 `` Nothing Even Matters '' is a slow ballad featuring D'Angelo . Both of their voices gel well and are solid . 10/10 `` Everything Is Everything '' is possibly the coolest song on the album in the sense that I like everything about it , including the freakin cool video for it . 10/10 `` The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill '' is the most beautiful piano ballad ever , better than any other track on the album in the emotion catergory . 10/10Two Bonus Tracks : `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off You '' is a rockin cover of a classic . 10/10 `` Tell Him '' is a cute end to a well formed masterpiece . 10/10OVERALL GRADE
 lauryn hill never said that she would rather let her children starve than have white people buy her album.please ... do n't believe everything you hear . research it first.with that said ... this is THE best album i 've ever heard . it does n't matter whether you 're into r & b ; , hip hop , rock , goth , indie , or whatever is it your little heart desires ... music like this is universal and everyone can enjoy it .
 Lauryn Hill was just twenty-something when she released this stunning solo debut -- a recording that far exceeded the previous Fugees ' effort . It 's basically an R&B ; record , but there are also flashes of rap , hip-hop , funky and even pop -LRB- `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off Of You '' -RRB- and rock.The music is full of original moments , none of the songs sound alike . Lauryn has defined the style I would call ` biblical rap ' . Apart from clever rhymes , her rap intermezzos do not relate usual stuff about sex , drugs or guns , but rather contain profound wisdom based on the Bible and life 's experience . Hill shows herself as an insightful observer of the world , showing us all the sensitivity under her smooth surface . And ... the songwriting is fantastically varied.Dynamic `` Lost Ones '' ranks among her top rap performances . Moving `` Ex-Factor '' comes straight out of the heart , full of raw emotion and ending with a great guitar solo by Johari Newton . `` To Zion '' is autobiographical , too , touchingly describing the dilemma the girl/artist was facing when about to give life to her child . Guest guitar by Carlos Santana also shines , making the song an all-out drama , along with chants `` marching , marching , marching to Zion ... `` Of other extraordinary tunes on this opus , `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' has great lyrics -LRB- performed uniquely as blend of naturally spoken language , rap and singing -RRB- . `` I Used to Love Him '' features equally brilliant vocal performance by Mary J. Blige . `` Nothing Really Matters '' is a smoky neo-soul duet with fellow R&B ; star D'Angelo . Edgy strings on `` Everything Is Everything '' work beautifully , as well as hammond organ does on the amazing title track , accompanied by ` delightful ' sound cracks , coming as if from an old LP record ... Not up to par are `` Superstar '' and hidden track `` Tell Him '' but the overall potential Lauryn showed here is enormous . Hill 's individual artistry is undoubtedly a top priority for her ; although I did not like her 2002 `` Unplugged '' near as much as her debut , it 's still a pretty respectable record , since it shows the musician as her fans know her -- as an independent , African-American female who has much to say . If she would never release anything else , the `` Miseducation '' is vastly enough to keep her in the books on popular music.The album is framed by audio scenes as if from a -LRB- high ? -RRB- school , where Lauryn is not present at a lesson and thus misses out on the education . Instead , she offers us her ` miseducation . ' Although I was never a truant in my school-years , I would here choose the latter , too .
 Lauryn Hill 's debut album is just full of indescribable talent . I love this CD . It is one of my favorite purchases , with beautiful melodies , touching lyrics , and is just so heartfelt . I could listen to this CD from start to finish every day . A lot of these songs have had significant radio airplay , but in fact my favorite ones are n't those which necessarily broke into the top 40 . Ex-Factor -LRB- track 3 -RRB- is one of the best songs on this CD , it 's about relationships , and you can just feel what Lauryn Hill is talking about . I Used to Love Him , a great duet with Mary J. Blige brings a sense of strong feminine self-empowerment . This album is just pure Lauryn . You see the depth of her , her feelings , and it 's not pretentious in any way . The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill -LRB- track 14 -RRB- just says it all ... Then of course there are the hidden tracks , Ca n't Take My Eyes off of You , and Untitled . I ca n't go on enough about this CD .
 as an aspiring entertainer , i am very impressed with this masterful piece of material that lauren did . her music is not only original and spiritual , it also comes with a sense of honesty that is so lacking in modern day entertainment . her motive is purely to preach the message of love . i do wish her all the best in the future career as a mother and big sister to all of us who enjoy her music , and look foward to even greater things from this genus . marlon abner
 What can I say , everything she touches turns to gold , from her amazing start with the Fugees to this wonderful solo effort . This has to be the defining hip-hop/R & B/Reggae album of the decade . Lauryn is unparalled in her ability to transcend the traditional boundaries of musical genres . Each track offers something new and refreshing . I just cant believe the number of dimwits there are out there who keep on writing reviews saying that this album is ` overhyped ' or hollow . This album deserves all the accolades it has managed to garner . . and then some . Songs that stand out are the unbelievably catchy Doo-Wop -LRB- that thing -RRB- , Ex-factor and Lost ones . A must buy !
 I think that this CD was great . From one minute Lauryn makes her voice sound like an angel and to the next her voice sounds like she has a lot of emotion in her . The songs that I really love are `` Ex-Facter '' , `` When it hurts so bad '' , `` Nothing Even Matters '' - her duet with D'Angelo , and `` Ca n't take my eyes off of you '' . I think that when you buy the CD , you 'll love every song on the CD like I do . I got this CD two months after it came out , and I 'm still listening to it every day . If you love Lauryn from the Fugees , then you 'll love her here . You wo n't regret buying this CD .
 It 's very interesting to read all the reviews here but I had to stop when I read that one about Brandy being better -- Brandy the whisperer ? The one one whose voice is thinner than her ? Anyway , I digress . This CD has rested on my changer next to Hillary Hahn 's Bach solo violin CD for the past year and I do n't know when I 'll ever take either off . Pure tone , variety of expressive colorations to the voice , doing past masters proud -- that 's what both CDs have in common . And a lot of hype -LRB- sometimes the hype is right -RRB- . Other than that , all I can say is , If it sounds good , it is good . And it sounds fabulous -LRB- despite the annoying classroom interludes , but hey , just skip to the next song -RRB- .
 To those of you who criticize this CD because it falls short of what hip-hop should be ... . I hate to break this to you , but Lauryn did not record a hip-hop album ... she recorded and R&B album and there IS a difference.Just because she raps on a few songs does not mean she is trying to make a rap/hip-hop record . And though her rapping style may sound like Lil ` Kim , just remember that Lauryn was rapping with the Fugees long before Kim hit the scene with her debut.Lauryn has constructed amazing songs . Yes , she uses samples ... the proper way !!!! There IS a difference between how Lauryn samples past music and how Puffy and Mase regurgitate almost whole songs with a few rap versus inbetween the original chorus.People need to stop thinking that someone is lacking in artistic merit just because the critics praise thier work . Believe me , if A Tribe Called Quest or Outkast or Mary J. Blige got nominated for ten grammys , they would get the same backlash that Lauryn is getting.The title song evokes emotion , beauty , pride , humiliation and pure soul that I have not heard since Stevie Wonder 's `` Never Dreamed You 'd leave in Summer . `` A stunning , stunning piece of music .
 `` THE MISEDUCATION OF LAURYN HILL '' is a woderful , texturus and clean solo album by one of RandB 's best rappers !! She combines heavy beats and graceful singing with fruitful lyrics and tense subject matter . I especially enjoyed listening to the remake of `` CA N'T TAKE MY EYES OFF OF YOU '' ! Anyone can understand why two of the finest songs are already singles -LRB- DOO WOP -RRB- THAT THING '' and `` LOST ONES '' . From songs about her newborn son to lost passion to finding God , this ghetto superstar will definitely not be finished soon , at least with her fans . Other enjoyable tunes include
 There are albums , that when u listen to them , u realise that u will still be listening to them in ten years time . I plan 2 play this cd to my grandkids ... Lauryn Hill 's first solo album grabs u , and wraps u in a warm , soulful embrace . It 's clear that Stevie Wonder has had a big influence on Lauryn -LRB- which is always a good thing -RRB- as not only does she sound like Stevie , her songs have , well , that thing . `` Every Ghetto , Every City '' is almost a tribute to `` I Wish '' , for example . This is an album blessed with soul , real soul , no plastic 90 's R&B for Lauryn . Her songs are overflowing with emotion that ca n't help but move u. Lyrics that MEAN something , a voice like hot syrup poured on your spine , and then you have the production of this album . From the instant hip-hop classic `` Lost Ones '' with it 's reggae tinged boom bap -LRB- btw , L-Boogie flows like the Nile on this album -RRB- , to the gospel of the title track , every song here demonstrates mastery of the art . Her guests on the album are also very well chosen . Carlos Santan is indeed Black Magic on `` To Zion '' -LRB- which is such a beautiful song that I wept when I heard it , do n't u DARE tell nobody . . -RRB- Mary J. Blige never sounded better than on `` I Used To Love Him '' & D'Angelo makes a perfect Donny Hathaway to Lauryn 's Roberta Flack on `` Everything is Everything '' . `` The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill '' is simply the sweetest thing I 've known .
 In 2006 , eight years after it was released , this album still sounds as fresh and exciting as ever . That means one thing
 this camed out around the time when i had just finished college that following summer.so its pretty significant to me and my friends -LRB- along with outkast 's aquemeni -RRB- . this is a great album that has influences from reggae , soul and hip-hop . its truely a msterpeice of a album by a great artists.of course i was a fan of the fugees so it was only natural that i check this album out.and boy i was n't dissapointed at all.basicly every song on here has something to say.this album have good messages and good intentions however i do find the album teetering on the edge of being preachy and borderline judgemental.but MUSICALY this is a great album wether you agree with he messages or not.also lauryn hill 's voice is so strong and bluesy that hit hits your soul like a ton of bricks.alot of people say this along with floetry 's floetic is the direction hip-hop/soul should have went in.and i cant really say that i disagree.though lauryn is a fusion of hip-hop/soul . other artists are usualy hip-POP/R & B so theres the difference.either way this was a great album of the 90 's along with other outstanding albums that camed out of that decade .
 Lauryn Hill 's self-debut album `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' is an aggregation of a variety of musical styles and categories . The slow rhythmic beats of `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off of You '' and `` Nothing Even Matters '' provide a great sense of romantic love ; While , the fast-talking rap lyrics of `` Final Hour '' and `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' warn listeners to beware of the dangers of sin . Other songs , such as `` Every Ghetto , Every City '' and `` I Used to Love Him '' are testimonies of the trials and tribulations she 's endured and the great memories she has of her childhood . Her soulful musical background and large appreciation for Bob Marley are evident in `` Forgive Them Father '' and `` Lost Ones '' , which possess a reggae edge . Perhaps the most touching song on her album is `` To Zion '' , which is a tribute to her son `` beautiful , beautiful Zion . '' Lauryn portrays what , in the entertainment industry , has been a lost element -- originality . Until `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' was introduced to the musical scene , banality had replaced creativity causing a cycle of laid-over tracks , sampled songs , and overused lyrics . This explains why critics and judges received her album with open arms full of Grammy 's -LRB- eight to be exact -RRB- making the proclamation , `` And the Grammy goes to ... Lauryn Hill , '' a platitude within itself .
 I think Lauryn Hill is a talented artist , but I do n't think the album deserves as much props as it got . I love the songs `` Lost Ones '' , `` Superstar '' , `` Every Ghetto , Every City '' and `` The Miseducation ... '' , but all the other songs get boring after a while . I hardly ever listen to this CD and I think it 's because the disliked songs weigh out the liked ones . I recommend it with caution . I suggest borrowing a friend 's to get a real feel for it , then make a decison from there .
 Words can not express how wonderful `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' is . Her solo debut marks a new and improved beginning in her career without The Fugees . Amazingly , she compiles everything she 's learned about R&B music and expresses it as her own . Most other artists do n't compile her levels until they 're in their forties . Lauryn Hill was only 23 when she released this . She combines ole skool R&B , hip hop , and rap . Her powerful message is wonderfully expressed on every lyric . Such quality deserved her ten Grammy nominations , turning to five wins , including Album of the Year for 1998 . Every track is as deep and catchy as the following . Her rap skills excels equally to her soulful singing as expressed on `` Lost Ones '' , `` Superstar '' , and more . She shows her heavy soulful R&B side on `` Ex-Factor '' , `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill -LRB- the track -RRB- , and more . `` To Zion '' is a moving dedication to her son . `` Forgive Them Father '' expresses her gospel affililiations without losing the catchy grooves . Her # 1 single `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' combines every musical quality on her album , giving it a new and unique theme.After five years , `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' remains as fresh as the day it was released . Many critics have hailed this as the best hip hop album in history . They are right . This will be a classic in the next following years . This is an important album to put in a CD collection . After listening to this , many will be highly pleased .
 Lauryn Hill 's debut album has to be one of the most critically acclaimed albums -LRB- and certainly debuts -RRB- in the last 25 years . Listening to it a few times over , it is easy to see why
 What else can I say about this album ? For me it 's one of the best ever released by a R&B ; / Hip-Hop artist . After 5 years I still playing it at least once a week . Lauryn Hill wrote , produced every song in the album .1 . INTRO - I wo n't rate the intro2.LOST ONES -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- - Straight up hip-hop , I think Lauryn Hill is one of the best female MC 's , this song shows why . She do n't need to talk about her favorite designers or how she have sex with her man to make a good song.3.EX-FACTOR -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- - One of my favorite songs ever . It 's funny how everybody can relate to it , and how everybody has different interpretations of what she 's talking about ... 4 . TO ZION -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- - featuring Carlos Santana - Beautiful song to her first born son Zion , she talks about how some people try to put pressure on her to have an abortion ... 5 . DOO WOP -LRB- THAT THING -RRB- -LRB- 6/10 -RRB- - I do n't really see why some people likes this song sooo much , it 's an ok song with a catchy chorus . I 'm not feeling it much though6.SUPERSTAR -LRB- 7.5 / 10 -RRB- - I like this song about fake superstars ... I think there 's many singers -LRB- and rappers -RRB- out there that should listen to it . . `` now tell me your philosophy on exactly what an artist should be , should they be someone with prosperity and no concept of reality `` 7 . FINAL HOUR -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- - Another straight up rap song , she talks about how we are all the same when our time comes `` in the fianl hour '' and money and fame wo n't change it .8 . WHEN IT HURTS SO BAD -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- - My 3rd favorite song of the album . I like to call it Ex-Factor pt . 2 , it has the same type of sound and -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- keeps talking about the same thing she was talking in Ex-Factor .9 . I USED TO LOVE HIM -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- - duet with Mary J. Blige . It 's my 2nd favorite song of the album -LRB- after Ex-Factor -RRB- Great lyrics and better vocals .10 . FORGIVE THEM FATHER -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- - Reagge type of sound . Lauryn talks about fake people , fake friends , and people that just wan na use you . `` it took me a little while to discover wolves in sheep coats who pretend to be lovers ... `` 11 . EVERY GHETTO , EVERY CITY -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- - Nostalgic song about her growing up , her teenager years , and looking back where you 're came from . .12 . NOTHIN EVEN MATTERS -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- - featuring D'Angelo . Nice R&B ; song about being in love with your man , not caring about anything else . .13 . EVERYTHING IS EVERYTHING -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- - Lauryn gives a really positive message to the youth . Here she mixes successfully singing and rapping in the same song .14 . THE MISEDUCATION OF LAURYN HILL -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- - The song that gives name to the album . It 's a good end . Nice piano introduction and great vocals . -------------------------------------------------------- BONUS TRACKS :15 . CA N'T TAKE MY EYES OFF OF YOU -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- - Yall probably know this song already . It 's not hers but I give her a 10 out of 10 because of the production and her voice .16 . TELL HIM -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- - Inspired by the Bible text called 1st Corinthians . Good message `` let me be patient , let me be kind , make me unselfish , without being blind , though I may suffer , I 'll envy not '' *** CONCLUSION *** This album is a must have in any cd collection .
 The world seemed to be Lauryn Hill 's oyster in 1998 after this CD was released . To put it mildly , this CD is fantastic . Fresh off her work with the Fugees , Hill manages to make an album that is full of feeling and emotion , power and raw energy . The production is superb , the hooks for all the tracks are well done . There are definate gems on this album besides the tracks that became singles -LRB- That Thing -LRB- Doo-Wop -RRB- , Everything is Everything , and Ex-Factor -RRB- . The song To Zion -LRB- with Carlos Santana -RRB- is one of the most powerful songs ever . This is definately a hip-hop album worth having .
 Wow , this album is totally amazing . I 'm blown away by the skill and effort that went into making this wonderful album ! The lyrics , the production ... everything about this CD is on point . There is n't a track on the album that I do not love .
 Lauryn Hill 's debut album is magic . I enjoy listening to rap , hip hop and R 'N' B , and when I heard a song of hers on the radio one day , i thought it was quite good , so I asked my uncle if I could borrow his CD . I had no idea what i was getting myself into . The CD sounded ok i guess , and i was playing Ca n't Take My Eyes Off You over and over , because it was the only song I knew and i didnt have the case . I started having an explore through the album , and was listening to Lost Ones . It got on my nerves , but then I listened to the words . It occured to me that Lauryn Hill wasnt like other poppy singers . Her songs were real , and they were in her mind , in her opinion . I appreciated the fact that she knew what she was singing about , and the fact that she was sharing the ups and downs of her life with us . It was then that i knew I had to get all the lyrics of her songs , and i would read them over and over , making sense of them . The songs became clear and relevant to me , i love her music now and i always will . It has a bass line to it that you can get hooked on , and unlike many other songs out there , it uses a technique to test your patience , how much of it can you handle . Other pop groups have songs that are just plain ordinary , it doesnt take a brain to listen to , but Hill 's really do test the mind . Since her CD ive gotten ` The Score ' , ` The Carnival ' , ` Masquerade ' , ` II Sides 2 a Book ' , and have really become a fan of the Refugee camp . Thanx Lauryn , yo my hero babe !
 This album is timeless . It is rare to see an ARTIST -LRB- as opposed to a singer -RRB- put so much thought and passion into the lyrics of each and every song . Lauryn Hill should educate Britney Spears and Alicia Keys as to how to make true artwork .
 Lauryn Hill is a genius and her music is a true reflection of this . Her album is a unique collection of surreal soul , distinguished by unrivalled lyrical craftmanship and surely the predominant reason we have ears . Ex-factor is healer and a killer . Owning this CD is a privilege -LRB- how else can you describe that `` lauryn feeling '' ? -RRB-
 Lauryn hit solid gold with this album . The choice cuts are Doo Wop , everything is everything and lost ones . This deserves every grammy given to it .
 She is one of the most talented people in the world . If you can sing , rap , produce , write , composed and do anything to songs , then you are a true musician . That is Lauryn Hill . She can basically do anything with music . After the Fugees helping her to write songs and so , she went solo with her first album given quite a descriptive title
 To the `` music fan '' in Austin Texas , you are not a music fan , you are a witch ! Celine Dion may have a few good singles , but she is nothing compared to Lauryn Hill . There are some really good songs on here , but the rest are s ** t !
 Lauryn Hill does a lot of different things on this album ... and she does them all well ! You have her singing in a classic R&B style on some songs to going hardcore rap on other songs . Then you have the different musical styles ... Motown , rap , soul , R&B , and even a track featuring Santana . Worth checking out , worth buying , and definitely worth the hype !
 This is CD is the best ; just listen to the words ... not only does she have a great voice but a great mind , and she deserves all the credit she gets .
 I was initially drawn in by the slick Motown-esque sound of `` Doo Wop/That Thing . '' Expecting to find more of the same on the album , I was -LRB- pleasantly -RRB- surprised to find that each of the other songs in the collection were quite different from one another . R&B , Gospel , and Reggae tinge many of the other tunes , but Hill defies these descriptions and delivers a sound that is all her own . Overall , this album is just a great collection of songs . Period . Upon first purchasing the CD , I tended to listen to the first few tracks , repeating `` That Thing '' and a few others over and over again . Now , I find that some of my favorites are towards the end of the album -- a feeling that seems validated now that `` Everything is Everything '' is on the verge of becoming a smash hit . My advice is this
 This CD is `` da bomb '' . It is such an insight into the life of Ms. Hill . This CD is very personal and deep , you tell she put alot of feeling and thought into what she wrote . Just excellent !!
 Lauryn Hill has successfully combined hip-hop & R&B to forge a path that easily understand and accessible to all those who care to partake in truths that trasend class , culture , time & space . She has acheived what no other woman in the genre of hip-hop have been unable to do . She does not engage in unnecessary name calling , nor the debasement of the sexes . She has without questioned presented the not so familiar side of hip-hop , the longing for love , being in love , spiritual enlightment and the continuous development of the human spirit
 When listening to this soulfull songstress , i cant help but feel happy with life . Especially when ` Every ghetto , every city , is playing ... who can resist ?
 Before I listened to Lauryn Hill , i never liked hip-hop or even considered buying a CD of this type of music . But now that I did , i am so glad . Lauryn seems like such an inspirational young woman with such a strong belief in life and God . I think she is a good role model for girls everywhere , and her songs are full of motivation . This is an excellent CD , and I highly recommend it to anyone .
 she really outdid herself with this wonderul album.her voice is strong and breathtaking . each song was incredible and full of emotion . my heart melted with each loving word sung about her son zion . i liked her when she was with the fugees . amazed by her in sister act 2 and blown away by her with this album .
 THIS IS A GREAT CD THAT EVERYONE SHOULD GO BUY . IT HAS SOME OF THE BEST MOST MELLODIC TUNES THAT I HAVE EVER LISTENED TOO . i do listen to hard rock but from the sound of this music it seems like hardrock sounds like a riot in the streets of New York ! . Listening to this cd will definetly change the taste of my music to better music . The only reason why I gave it 4 stars is because there are some songs I have to skip over , but otherwise you should go out and buy this cd no matter what music you listen to . It will definetly change your taste of music ! SO GO OUT AND BUY THIS CD !!!!!!!!!!!
 Lauryn Hill haz a beautiful vioce and iz loaded w / muzical talent . I bought her CD a while ago and have listened to it lotz . I luv the vibe and every thing . To LH : Congrates on your CD and on your children . You are so BOMB !! YEAH BABY , YEAH !! - candyA.K.A.meganBl
 This is an outstanding album.I 'm seeing her live in Manchester in June so I 'll be getting up close and personal for real .
 Lauryn Hill is the greatest . I hope that one day I can be as successful as she . The way she moves you with her soft mellow grooves is so stress relieving .
 Lauryn Hill is definetely the queen of Hip hop and Rap . If you like just one song on this CD , you 'll love the rest . You must buy this CD !!! And you never get tired of listening to the CD over and over again !!!
 Alls I gots to say is that lauryn hill is da bomb ! And damn gina she 'd better keep it up .
 Lauryn Hill is the best artist around . Her music is so uplifting . When you listen to her cd imakes you want to cry , laugh , and all of thee above . Lauryn deals with the real in this album . She sings about life expereiences that every girl will go through in her lifetime . She gives hope to the hopeless and sight to the blind .
 This CD shows the many faces of Lauryn Hill . The writer , the producer , the arranger ; but most importantly the African-American young sista with a mind and the ability to express herself with truth and honesty . She speaks/sings/rythmes the words of all young women who 've been hurt , who 've being loved and love someone . This album is one you 'll play for many years . I suggest you get 2 or 3 . One for now home and in your ride or walkman and one to play when you remember how it felt `` to hurt so bad '' or about your `` X-factor '' .
 THIS ALBUM IS ONE THE HIP-HOP NATION HAS BEEN WAITING FOR A LONG TIME IT 'S RAP IT 'S R&B IT 'S EVRYTHING YOU NEED . EVERY SONG I CAN RELATE TO IN SOME KIND OF WAY . WHEN I HEARD THE EX - FACTOR WHICH IS MY FAVORITE SONG I KNEW SHE WAS GOING TO BLOW UP SHE DESERVE EVERY AWARD SHE GOT PLUS 4 MORE OF EACH KEEP DOING WHAT YOUR DOING BECAUSE YOU 'LL ALWAYS HAVE MY SUPPORT
 I think that Lauryn 's debut shows a remarkable talent . With all the angsty music out there it is nice to listen to something that is n't a downer . Also , to all those who dogged the album because of Lauryn 's `` racist statements '' , I honestly believe that she did not say those things . Call me naive , however , I have read interviews where she has denied these statements . And it honestly does not matter because she is talented and brilliant and I like her music . I would reccomend it to anyone who likes soul , r & b , and hip hop .
 Lauryn Hill has done it again !! With another successful recording , she has captivated many with her songs that keep it real . This personally is one of my favorite songs . Lauryn Hill is absolutely marvelous on this CD .
 THIS IS A GREAT ALBUM . IT 'S HARD FOR SOME PEOPLE TO GRASP THE CONCEPT WHEN THEY HAVE N'T LIVED OUR LIVES . I GUESS IT 'S LIKE TRYING TO UNDERSTAND WHY MADONNA 'S `` FROZEN '' IS SO GREAT . GO FIGURE . BUT , I GUESS SOMEONE DID BECAUSE SHE DID N'T WIN A THING .
 Lauryn is one of the most talented artists I have ever listened to . She truly has made one of the best albums I have ever listened to . It would not be a mistake to purchase this album .
 Lauryn Hill , girl you are the bomb . Your music is very inspirational . Your music is different from all the others that I have heard . You actually make me feel like I 'm somebody . When I listen to your cd , it brings a smile to my face . By me knowing that someone has been through the same things I am going through is a relief . Lauryn keep doing positive things and please keep the music coming . Could I please have a picture of you with your signature . Lauryn I am one of your biggest fans . Please respond .
 I was n't that big of a fan of the Fugees , but this I really like . Now I know it 's not the most original or most well done album I ever listend to . But some of the songs -LRB- like ex-factor -RRB- just makes me wan na listen to it forever . I do n't know why everyone keeps bugging so much about originality , if someone makes a great album with great songs , let it just rest at that !? The miseducation of Lauryn Hill is definitly a very good album , and I recomend it to anyone !
 If you have n't heard this CD yet , you do n't know what you 're missing . LAuryn 's got the songs that hit home and you make feel good . She got the words to make you think . If you want to do something smart got out and bye this CD .
 I absolutely love this album . It shows a very personal side of Lauryn Hill . It 's like you 're looking into the window of her life and seeing what it 's like to be her .
 Lauryn Hill 's ` Miseducation ' speaks from her heart straight to those of her listeners . A collection of reggae , hip-hop , R&B , and soul music , the album can appeal to a wide range of listeners . There is n't one person who her words do not affect . The album is an awesome one-of-a-kind in it 's originality , uniqueness , and the personal touch that is Lauryn Hill . Aside from the music , Lauryn has managed to make an album which uses the template of the book , '' The Miseducation of the Negro '' by Carter G. Woodson . This shows the astounding connections Lauryn successfully makes between the book , and her album . Lauryn Hill has put real depth , thought , time , creativity , effort , and intelligence in this inspiring album which has earned every award it has received . Everyone should own a copy of this album , and get educated by the intelligent , spiritual , talented , and beautiful artist ... Ms. Hill .
 I LOVE THIS CD !! It is soothing and invigorating with great beats and beautifully crafted melodies that you never tire of . I listen to her album constantly and sing at the top of my lungs to every track . The CD grows on you and every song seems to get better the more you listen to it , from rap to soul to ballads and folkmusic , it is a more personal and sophisticated work than her previous CD with the fugees , but never loses the Refugee feel . The incredible diversity of Lauryn Hill 's music will keep you guessing and wanting more , and the wonderful lyrics will keep you singing along . Purchase the CD and you 'll never regret it !!
 Lauryn Hill is an lyrical inspiration . She displays intellegence , girl power , and she is strong beautiful BLACK woman who aint afraid to sport her auh-natural locks . She gives young black ladies such as myself inspiration and makes us pround to mention her name in a conversation . THIS CD IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY !!! She is so talented , I love every song on this album and I dont regret to buying it . Lauryn YOU GO GIRWL !! I cant wait for her next album . Peace Out ! Maybe she 'll inspire Foxy & Lil ` Kim to do the same . They should be ashamed of themselves for flaunting their bodies for the world to see -LRB- broke one of the Ten Coommandments -RRB-
 Lauryn Hill 's cd is truly a great success to me . Her words express true things in life . My fav song is nothing really matters .
 This CD is off the hook . I can honestly say that I always listen to every single song because each one is totally different from the previous , creating a diversity of beats , rhythms and tunes that allows you to listen to and enjoy every single track . Lauryn Hill 's joints are REAL and straight from the heart . It 's like she pours her heart and sould into the music , know what I 'm saying . I listen to the MISEDUCATION of LH while I go running early in the morning and when I kick it with my friends . My favorite song is `` Tell Him '' , which is a bonus track . If there is one Hip Hop/Rap album you buy , it 's got to be L. Boogie 's latest masterpiece . Peace .
 Lauryn Hill is one person who can actually sing , and not only that , she 's a brilliant rapper , song writer -LRB- and producer - after all , she did produce the album -RRB- All the songs are wonderfull and she really is brimming with talent . I especially like ` To Zion ' -LRB- about her son -RRB- , it 's much better than that Will Smith song about his kid -LRB- no offence to Will Smith fans but all his songs sound exactly the same whether he 's singing about MIB , his son , Miami or whatever -RRB-
 My favorite songs on the albulm are `` Forgive them Father '' and `` I used to love him '' . In `` Forgive ... '' , I remembered a situation in elementary school where I had many `` friends '' . Then , as soon as I started getting lead roles in school plays and maintaining my good grades , they turned . Also , I am a kind person and I often tried to find alternatives to altercations and therefore , they took advantage of my kindness and treated me horribly and I was ignorant enough to let them get away with it . But I realize that revenge is God 's and I pray that he will forgive them . Now as for `` I used ... '' , there was this guy who I kinda liked and he liked me . However , once he went to a party and did all of these unethical things and his explanation for this was `` because I was n't there '' so , I went home and listened to this song and it inspired me and I talked to this guy and broke it off because I have other things to be focusing on at this early stage in my life . Many of the other songs reflected many situations I 've had and all the music is off the hook , and the lyrics move and motivate me , but these 2 songs had the most impact on me , personally , and I appreciate Lauryn for writing the songs she does and for being willing to speak up and have her own style without worring what other people think . Thank you for everything you have done for me Mrs. Lauryn Hill .
 This album has the perfect mixture of rap , r & b , and hip-hop to make you want to listen to it again and again ! best songs
 I heard and saw early pictures of her at a freeby mini-concert before she blew up ! This album is socially conscious and reflects her being instrumental for positive world changes . If what she 's doing now can win Grammys , just think what will happen when she stops singing at cruise control and starts to accelerate !! The world has not received Lauren 's best stuff yet ! But it 's coming !
 this album has the best album yet from any artist . lauryn has a strong sense of spirituality and it shows in her msic . she does n't put anyone down in her lyrics she just educates them , and she does n't look down on them neither because her album is about her experiences in life . it 's about all the things school did n't teach her that why it 's called the miseducation of lauryn hill . racist ? i think not ! who ever wrote the bad review on her calling her a racist you definately need to get your facts straight before you try and call some one a racist . she is an inspiration to the new hip hop generation and has the support of all artists black or white . do n't playa hate congradulate . go lauryn ! i commend you . i applaude you , i bow down to you .
 I 'M A MUSLIM AND I THINK THE ALBUM PERSONALLY IS ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT I TRULY BELIEVE IN GOD AND IN ONE OF HER SONGS CALLED ZION SHE MENTIONS HAVING KIDS IS A GREAT GIFT FROM GOD . LAURYN HILL IS A VERY TALENTED AND CLEAR MINDED WOMAN MAY GOD THANK HER FOR HER BELIEFS IN GOD MARSHALLAH . I PERSONALLY THINK HER MUSIC IS SUPERB GO BUY IT ITS BRILLIANT .
 The songs are great I love them all . My favorite is the song The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill . It is great . The whole CD is great .
 Well , I guess she deserves it . Her true genius lies in her lyricism and the ability to add substance to a song . This kind of brilliance is not forced and can not be duplicated by any process . She embodies the essence of true feminity
 People may say that Lauryn Hill is racist - but i know that that is n't true - look in any of the latest articles about her and you will see that she is not only very unracist but she promotes very many awesome things - people that think she 's racist - get you facts together !
 I actually expected the Lauryn Hill album to be more of a rap album , considering her work with the Fugees . But it turned out that not only can she rap , she can sing , write , produce , and make one of the best albums I own . Some songs I did n't like at first , but I love almost every tune on the disc . Despite what I 've heard , I think `` Lost Ones '' is my favorite -LRB- if she was battling Wyclef there , I think she won , even though his `` Carnival '' album was pretty good '' -RRB- She makes Mary J. Blige and D'Angelo sound at the top of their game on `` I Used to Love Him '' and `` Nothing Even Matters . '' And be sure to listen to the end . Actually my CD contains an acoustic Biblical riff called `` Tell Him '' at the end , so I 'm not sure about the Amazon track listing . But yeah , if you do n't already have this , you should go buy . Sure as hell beats the frickin ' `` Thong Song '' or `` No Scrubs . ''
 I lOVE this CD . The lady is a real diva . She has powerful words enlightened by her faith , but do n't listen , if you do n't want . Just feel this beautiful , pure voice and that great sense of rythm ! If some songs are not for all ears -LRB- I do n't like `` lost ones '' for example , 'cause I ca n't stand rap . I find it boring -RRB- , I must acknowledge the lady successes is mixing different styles of music such as R&B and hip-hop . maybe one of the best artists of these present times !
 This is probably one of the best debut albums of all-time . I ca n't believe how great this album is . I like songs like `` Lost Ones '' , `` Everything Is Everything '' , `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' , and `` Ex-Factor '' . I really love all of the songs on this album , but those are my favorites . I think that everyone should own this album . It 's a great mix of r & b and some rap . It 's great !
 I bought this cd because of all the hype . I had never heard of Lauryn Hill but figured it must be ok . I was touched by Zion , remembered what is was like to be in love again with Nothing Matters and have many times Used to Love Him . I just ca n't seem to stop listening to this CD . Buy it and give it a chance , you will not be sorry .
 For far too long we 've awaited the debut of Mama Zion , Ms. L-Boogie herself , and what a wonderful reward patience brings , this album is superb . She has expertly blended all the elements of a true hip-hop album to create the female rap album creme de la creme . From beginning to end , it 's non-stop ear appetizing . I flipped when I heard the heart wrenching and soul identifying song `` Miseducation of L.Hill '' or the vibrating reggae song `` Forgive Them Father '' . Lauryn wonderfully combines poetry , dope beats and -LRB- like 2Pac her Gemini male twin R.I.P. -RRB- , music we can identify with from the heart . Anyone can feel this album deeply from the children to the elders of our community , ThanQ Ms. Hill , We love you !
 This cd by Lauryn Hill is one of the best written cds that will ever be written.The reason I loved this cd is that it got me off of listing to hard rock to listening to more smooth ... mellodic music . When you listen to this cd more and more you will get more out of it and find out the meaning inside the song . Some of my favorite songs on hear are ... . Doo Wop That Thing , I used to love him , and Everything is Everything . But the most mellodic and meaningful song in this album is Forgive them Father . Buy it and listen to it . You 'll understand what Im talking about .
 This cd is so good . It is the best album I own , and probably always will be . The songs are awesome , and you never get tired of them . There are no tracks to skip over either ! You can just listen straight through the whole cd . Buy it today !
 I really love Lauryn 's music since she was in the Fugees . I love Ex-Factor , Ca n't Take My Eyes Off You , DooWop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- , & Everything is Everything the best ! But all in all , LAURYN 's THE BEST !!!!!!! You go girl !!!!
 How can you have anything but positive comments for Ms. Hill 's first cd without the Fugees ? After the first time I listened to it , I knew this was going on permanent status on my CD player . Every track is the bomb and even though I do n't agree with her religious beliefs , I am very proud that she has the courage to speak about what she believes in with conviction and force . She 's a powerful woman and this is a great CD .
 Quite possibly one of the best albums of all time , The Miseducation of lauryn hill is strikingly wonderful . In the midst of so many dopey female artists these days , L. Boogie rises above the crowd to make a personal cd with so much vibe , heart , and feeling that almost anybody could easily love it . Her voice is wonderful , and the songs have a great amount of musicality . The different instruments used in each song add a specialty to the songs as well . I 'm very picky about rap and not a very big rap fan , but Lauryn 's raps are all so vibrant , meaningful , and , with their catchy choruses , irresistible . You feel like you know Lauryn when she sings , since the songs are so personal . Her faith ignites the entire cd in a somewhat indirect way . She 's great in concert too!This is music at its best , whether you 're a fan of hip-hop or not . Go buy this album . You 're missing out on a lot if you do n't own it . and to all u desperate Britney Spears fans
 Great deal and great buy . The owners got the products to me in a timely fashion and I will continue to do business with them .
 I love this album , brings back great memories . One was scratched and another walked away without me knowing . Still remember the snap on nothing really matters .
 I believe this is one of the best albums ever . You can grab a verse break it down and could make a conversation . It 's very empowering for women as well .
 This is one of the greatest never aging albums I 've ever heard ... Her songs still ring true to life life as much today as they did when I was in my 20 's
 i love music ... great price fast shipping it was just what i want it . the pic was as it look . i will be ordering again . .
 This albulm is absolutely amazing . Lauryn 's ryhmes against her smooth melodic voice is a great combination . She talks about real life & relationship issues on this album . It proves to be a timeless body of work .
 This is the best album ever if you want to hear hip-hop and R and b. Lauryn hill is a great rapper and singer and you need this album in your life . therapeutic
 I cant really say enough about this album . Its a masterpiece , a beautiful poetically written gospel . I totally understand what Lauryn Hill is preaching and agree with every word . Its incredible how one person can write and sing all of these resonating songs in such a flawless way . I was born in the 90s and this was what I listening to as a young girl and now I listen to it being much older makes me appreciate it more . If you dont know who Lauryn Hill is , buy this album and listen to it thoroughly . You will have such an appreciation for female singers and rap artists . I listen to this till this day so her work is definitely always relevant : -RSB-
 And I am not the biggest hip hop fan , ok ? But Lauryn has a beautiful voice , and it came out fabulously on this album .
 When this came out my parents had this , my cousin and people I went to school with , so many years later now I have it .
 `` Miseducation ... '' shows artists of R&B - Soul/Hip-Hop what a real album is . Undeniably 1998 's Grammy winner Album of The Year . -LRB- Back when the Grammys recognised GOOD music - unlike the nominies of 2003-4 . -RRB-
 besides missy elliott , this is the only female in the rnb industry who can do it all . on this album she wrote , produced , arranged , and recorded all the songs . not only does she sing , she raps and her voice is like that of toni braxton , it sooths the soul . `` doo wop/that thing '' , `` ex-factor '' -LSB- my absolute favorite track on the album -RSB- & `` everything is everything '' are just plain and simple amazing . you do n't usually come across a talent like this , and you wo n't find another like her , in a long time . the fugees star , and easily the most prized possession shines , better then ever on this album.how does the rest of the album turn out ? magnificent ! `` the miseducation of lauryn hill '' , `` ca n't take my eyes off of you '' , `` to zion '' , `` superstar '' , `` the final hour '' , `` forgive them father '' , & `` i used to love him '' are real stand outs , and ohh lets not forget `` every ghetto every city '' . nobody can out shine her on these tracks , no one.now your probably wondering why if i rave about this cd , then why does it only get 4 stars ? because of the following reasons . the weak tracks
 No matter what ethnic culture you come from you will love this CD ! Lauryn Hill is realy good . I love it
 Lauren Hill 's freshman effort is truly the work of a veteran . Ms. Hill at the tender age of 23 has accomplished more with this one CD than most artists after working 20 years have ever accomplished . She has been able to blend rap with her vocal abilities in the most perfect way . The CD transforms you to places you have been in life and places you have yet to go . I know it 's only been out a short time but I am so looking forward to her sophomore album . If you do n't already have this in your musical collection , you are truly missing out . Do n't just get one , get two . One for the house and one for the car !
 Most Excellent ... the feel of a classroom ... education ... reaches youth ... blend of many flavors ... soul . . hip hop ... reggae ... etc. . . one love ... great messages . Get it .
 Lauryn Hill ca n't miss . Naturally beautiful , sings AND raps , writes , directs AND produces ... she is the complete package and proves it on this cd ! You want to listen to it for the sheer beauty and strength of it , you have to listen to it for the lessons she teaches . We waited a long time for baby girl to do it on her own and it is more than worth it .
 Lauryn Hill has out done herself - if that 's possible . Those of you who are familiar with this young sista 's talent know that this is a stand-alone statement . For those of you who can take her or leave her , trust me , this is one CD to take . Ms. Hill exhibits an incomparable talent in her ability to merge musical styles and create harmonious equations . In other words , she 's goin ' to make ya head bob . Not only is this CD the best thing that I 've heard in years -LRB- and I do n't have dinky taste -RRB- , but it is also a timeless album . If you dig Bob Marley , Donny Hathaway , Stevie Wonder , Hip-Hop -LRB- in general -LRB- old school too -RRB- -RRB- , Gladys Knight , D'Angelo & Mary J. Blige -LRB- who both appear on the album -RRB- , on and on ... - then you 'll dig `` The Mis-Education of Lauryn Hill . `` Musically , Lauryn Hill is before and after her time , and yet she has mastered today 's musical genre . Simply stated , this CD is a composition of musical genius .
 I just bought this album today after listening to it on the radio and my head . I liked all the songs on Lauryn first album . You got ta get this one .
 Lauryn has created a musical experience with her first solo project . She reveals such a personal side of herself regarding so many issues that affects people on a universal level . She is a force to be reckoned with in all genres of music . I feel its an important cd for young black women in particular , but it will nourish the soul for anyone who dares to listen and take note . If you liked Plantation Lullabies , you will like The Miseducation of Lauyrn Hill .
 This young lady 's talent is incredible . What a musical genius ... beautiful , talented , and intelligent . I have listened to every song on this CD and they are all hits !!! Go out and buy this one ... its hot !!!!
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill was well worth my $ 12.58 because it featured great production , interesting lyrics , and soothing as well as `` make you want to get up and dance '' beats and melodies . The tracks on this album showcased a variety of styles which blended seamlessly to showcase this talented artist 's repertoire . If you 're looking for hip-hop and R&B with interesting , positive lyrics , as I was , I think that this is definitely a cd to add to your collection . The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill stands out as one of the best hip-hop albums of the year .
 She is a real asset to the hip-hop community . I really enjoyed this CD . It is so inspirational . Lauryn Hill has put her heart and soul into this CD . It will make you laugh , cry , and think about the life you are living .
 This CD has a blend of tracks so funky and so smooth you would have to stupid not to pick it up
 This is an album for everyone , male and female . The fact is , Lauryn Hill has talent period . This is not an album defined by gender . Too often in hip-hop women are second class citizens , our voices and our issues pushed in the background . Hard core rap fans might not like this because Lauryn Hill does n't front like other artists and talk about the street or how many gats she has , or how many blunts she smoked . She writes about her ACTUAL LIFE . She DOES N'T LIE . I appreciated that . If you did n't get that , then you need to take a long look at yourself . She is no less fabulous an artist because she is a woman . She is the future of hip hop , and all those hatas need to recognize that .
 The miseducation of Lauryn Hill is just the opposite of the messages she is putting out , the title should read , being educated by ms. Hill . every track on the album has a soulfull message you can understand and relate to if not in evry song but in at least one . Yes i agree that the album has a great beat , however if you dont listen to the lyrics you ca n't enjoy the album . Example doo wop -LRB- that thing -RRB- and Zion etc. .
 The Cd started off very good with `` Lost One 's '' and of course the tracks `` To Zion '' , `` Superstar '' ' `` Ex-Factor '' , and `` Nothing Even Matters '' W/D ` Angelo was the most standout tracks on the album . `` Ca n't take My Eyes Off You '' should have been a regular track since it was the best one on there . There was a few small disappointments but the overall record was very good and was worth the 5 Stars . She 'll be around 4 years to come ...
 Lauryn Hill 's album The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is the one of the best albums of the year . It is definitly a classic . With songs like `` Ex-Factor '' , and `` When it hurts so bad '' give the album the positive vibe . Mary J. Blige guest stars on `` I used to love him '' and puts her stamp of perfection on it . D'Angleo lends his voice on `` Nothing else matters '' with his soulfull harmony . Rap tracks on the album are also ascend Lauryn to be one of the most gifted female lyricist . If fact one of the best mc 's around . Songs like `` Final Hour '' , `` Do Wop '' -LRB- That thing -RRB- , and `` Lost ones '' are a shinning example . But Hill gives her best performance with the last two track that are hidden within the cd -LRB- `` Ca n't take my eys off you '' & `` Tell him '' -RRB- . Ms Hill is certainly giving a new vibe to the hip-hop & r & b area . I only wish their was more .
 First of let me say , This is a must have CD for anyone ! At first I thought this might be one of those CD 's with only a few good songs but after listening to it I changed my mind . All the tracks on this CD are absolutley amazing . Each song has great beats and even better lyrics . If you liked CD 's like The Carnival and The Fugees you will definitly LOVE this CD . Peace out .
 Every track on this CD is phat ! Miss Hill has the ability to mix phat beats with rhymes that actually have a meaning , not just about who 's got the most loot and what cars she has . She is able to succesfully carry hard bass bumping tracks like `` Lost Ones '' and sweet soul serenades like `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off Of You '' and `` Nothing Really Matters '' featuring D'Angelo all on the same CD . This is one CD that you must have and keep in your rotation !
 This album is a well-weaved tapestry of sound and emotion . Lauryn put her all into this album and it comes out once played . Satisfaction is definitely guaranteed !!!!!!! Who could ask for anything more ???????????
 Lauryn Hill has done an excellent job with her first solo effort . I bought the CD the day it was released and have listened to it practically everyday since then . I 've heard other people say that the CD is too `` preachy '' . I could n't disagree more . It 's refreshing to hear a musician that takes her talent seriously and tries to express positivity .
 There is something for everyonne on here . I am a n alternative freak and found that i really dig this vibe she is giving throughout the whole album . ROCK ON SOUL SISTER !!!!!!!!!
 This album is fantastic . It has everything . She brings every emotion a woman has ever had to the forefront . `` TO Zion '' is quite possibly the strongest song on the album . She brought the pain , agony , and delight every woman has when she is confronted with an unplanned pregnancy . But she handles it with style and grace . Lauryn will , in time , take her place amongst the REAL divas in the music biz -LRB- Chaka , Aretha , Patti , Gladys , and Dionne . Ca n't wait to hear more from her in the future .
 Lauryn Hill is an excellent singer and rapper , as most people can see by hearing her songs or watching her in the movie Sister Act 2 . This album can really prove her ability to influence her listeners . I 'm not much of a fan of songs that are all rap , because I feel bored by the second verse begins and I do n't feel it shows true singing ability.TRACKS and RATINGS :1 -RRB- Intro . This one 's the intro , and it 's one of the things where the teacher does attendance and goes , '' ____________ -LRB- name -RRB- ? '' No answer . It 's just an intro , so no rating .2 -RRB- Lost Ones . This is one of the mostly rap songs . I do n't like it at all , and the only times Lauryn shows off her great voice is a few , all times in the backround and nearly inaudible . R
 Who can possibly deny the feeling of exhuberation that you get listening to this album . Proving to be the driving force and by far the most talented of the Hip Hop group , The Fugees , she broke out onto the solo music scene with heart and and a strenghth so obvious that it left the competition stumbling . This album sold like lemonade in the desert . This woman is so sick with it that it 's ridiculous . She 's got everything that truly makes an artist an artist . Her songs on this album educate , motivate , create , debate , and elevate understanding in a way that only a master could . Not to mention that the lady 's got the voice of pure beauty and unique quality . Listening to her spit a few bars is like listening to a poet that stood along side Jesus Christ ! But to think that her singing skills are just as hot is almost unthinkable . Her talent is mind boggling . Check out the high note she hits at the end of the track , Zion . Is she really taking on Mariah . Man ! Lauryn Hill is outrageously breaking boundaries and bridging our hearts to the world of hip hop . If you do n't have this album you need to get back to your shopping cart and toss it in because one should n't go without . Boost your knowledge a little , free your soul , and understand that `` Everything Is Everything . ''
 soulful , hip hop-py amd great !!!!!!!!! all the songs shine , so does her voice . She shows such writing and composing skills on this album.Intro - Lost Ones - Four StarsEx-Factor - Five StarsTo Zion - Five StarsDoo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- - Five StarsSuperstar - Four StarsFinal Hour - Four StarsWhen It Hurts So Bad - Four StarsI Used To Love Him - Five StarsForgive Them Father - Five StarsEvery Ghetto , Every City - Five StarsNothing Even Matters - Five StarsEverything Is Everything - Five StarsThe Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill - Five Stars
 Is there anything wrong with this album at all ? The answer wd be no . i have fallen in luv with her soulful voice . It is my favourite album EVER ! Lets guide u thru the songs shall we ? 1 . Intro - a nice intro about taking the register and shes not ther ! shock horror . 4/52 . Lost Ones - a brilliant 1st song with rapping and catchy tune 4 the chorus . 4.5 / 53 . Ex-Factor - a gr8 ballod-type song . 4.5 / 54 . To Zion - aah ! fresh air ! this is a FAB song about her child Zion Marley-Hill . 5/55 . Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- - hip pop that delivers everything u cd dream of .5 / 56 . Superstar - i absoultely luv it . 5/57 . Final Hour - a gr8 song with rap like lost ones . 4.5 / 58 . When It Hurts So Bad - another gr8 song from her . 4.5 / 59 . I Used 2 Luv Him - quite gd . 4/510 . Forgive Them Father - my personal fave . it has everything . 5/511 . Every Ghetto , Every City - 2 of my faves right next 2 eachother ! 5/512 . Nothing Even Matters - a fab ballad . 5/513 . Everything Is Everything - i adore it . 5/514 . The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill - a nice , simple , song . 4/5worst songs :5 . When It Hurts So Bad4 . Final Hour3 . I Used To Love Him2 . The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill1 . Introtop 5 songs5 . Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- or Superstar -LRB- i cant decide ! -RRB- 4 . Everything Is Everything3 . To Zion2 . EGEC1 . FORGIVE THEM FATHAbuy it now , or u have no taste in musick !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I 've had this album since the very day it was firstreleased but just last week I dug it up again and fell inlove with it all over again . Round and round and I go back to being addicted 2 L-Boogie again.It does n't sound too dated and I just love her lyrics . Shewrites very clever stuff . More than just the average song-writer and yet just parred down enough to stop it all fromending up pretentious . I guess one could call it ` honest ' . At least , that 's what it feels like to me.I still remember the mess she caused when she released `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' lol alot of people were disagreeing too hard and act all defensive but at the end of it all everybody gave L-Boogie the credit 4 telling `` the truth '' and I do mean the dirty down truth that nobody know of.I loved every thing from the album , the way it was produced to the poetry rhyming to the vocals & rythem arrangments : - I loved how she took quotes from the Qu ` ran & the bible and blend them all 2ghether to build her own story , SMART ! - I loved the Doo Wop harmonies in all the songs ! they remind me of The Dells , Jackie Wilson , Frankie Lymon & The Teenagers and the rest of these 50 's doo wop groups.-I loved the whole live instruments -LRB- organs , clavinet , horns , rhodes , hammonds -RRB- I remember Prince back in 99 in Jay Leno giving her the credit 4 bringing back Donny Hothaway & Stevie Wnoder 's sound again.-I loved the `` classes '' interludes at the end of almost every song , , I just love it , very cute ! - I loved the fact that I felt like `` Ex-Factor '' , `` When It Hurts So Bad '' , `` I Used To Love Him '' and `` Forgive Them Father '' were speaking directly 2 me . I neva felt this way 2ward any artist b4.-I loved her critical attitude in `` Superstar '' , `` Lost Ones '' and `` That Thing '' and I also loved her uplifting attitude in `` Everything Is Everything '' . I also relate soooo much to `` To Zion '' it was the same way I felt when I was pregnant with my baby.I might sound a lil ' too much but I consider `` The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill '' the modern day version of `` Whats Going On '' . LOL I think you 're going 2 hammer me becoz of what I 've said but this is my honest opinion about it . It focus alot on issues that touchs the young people and tells 'em how to appraoch them and deal with them . At least , , personaly I could fully relate to it .
 I think Lauryn Hill is the greatest . Her CD is excellent !! I listen to it 24/7 . I know all the words to all the songs ! Shes just fantastic . I am so happy she won those 5 grammys she deservers them !! To Zion is a beautiful song dedicated to her son . I ca n't wait for the next album !!!
 Lauryn Hill 's skills as an artist are some that are unparalleled by other artists . No other female artist can compare .
 Lauryn Hill 's album is one that will be talked about for a long time . Her use of live instruments and songs with meaning and feeling were impeccable . I ca n't wait for her next album to come out . Not to mention she is one of the most beautiful black woman I 've ever seen .
 This CD is awesome !! I listen to it everyday and love every song on it
 Lauryn Hill is great ! Her songs always have a message in them . These are some of my faves ; `` To Zion '' a song about her son , `` Ex-Factor '' whitch is about an off-again on-again relationship , and the best `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- .
 Long time Santana fan . I saw the grammys and was blown away by Lauryn 's powerful performance of `` To Zion '' . Got the CD the next day and was impressed by the amount of quality tracks .
 I am so glad that she won 5 grammys , she worked hard and she deserves it . Ilove her music !!
 I think Lauryn Hill is the best singer ever . She gives you the beat and makes you just want ot dance . Also she is vert insperational . I love her music soooooooooooo uch and hope she goes along good in life loving to sing !
 This album shows the power of pure talent and intelligence . The philosophical content of her lyrics verifies that real intelligence is not learned in an educational institution . Just listen to it and you 'll know exactly what I 'm talking about .
 This CD is written by Lauren her self and not some unknown persone getting no credit , it is really interesting.You should listen to samples and if you like it just a bit GET IT !! I did not like it much at first but it is really good !!
 I THINK THIS ALBUM WAS ONE OF THE GREATEST I HAVE EVER HEARD I AM REALLY IMPRESSED WITH HOW THIS SISTER IS HANDLING HER BUSINESS .
 I THINK THIS ALBUM WAS ONE OF THE GREATEST I HAVE EVER HEARD I AM REALLY IMPRESSED WITH HOW THIS SISTER IS HANDLING HER BUSINESS .
 I decided to give this cd a try after seeing the video of `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' I could n't get that song out of my head . I tried it and I like most of the songs , especially ex-factor , lost ones , to Zion . Her voice and lyrics can be mesmerizing . Lose the Yo baby stuff . This was an amazing first effort and she is so young . Lauryn may be the Aretha or Eryka Badu of the millenium . This CD will stay in my player along with Shania Twain , Eric Clapton , Bonnie Raitt , Stevie Ray Vaughn , Van Morrison , and George Thorougood . Lauryn keep it up !
 WHAT THE DILLY YO ?? LAUR-EN IS ONLY HUMAN - SHE SURE DOES N'T APPEAR TO ONLY BE HUMAN HERE
 It 's amazing the ignorance of people these days ... I came to Lauryn Hill 's review to see how people had rated it and I see a million of the same review . I think that is just very rude . If you do n't like an album , give it a one ONCE . . Well , anyway . . this is an awesome CD !! Lauryn has a great voice . Everything is Everything is definitely my favorite track on the CD . She deserved all 5 Grammys !!
 Lauryn is our hero even though it 's rumored that she hates white people . We do n't care ! Her voice is as smooth as butter . Ex-Factor is a beautiful ballad . It warms our hearts . Lauryn is bomb , but Pras and Clef , you know we love you too .
 Though the mind-boggling level of hype this album has recieved is somewhat overwhelming , do not be decieved into thinking it 's undeserved -- Lauryn Hill 's debut album is undeniably phenominal . She artfully mixes head-bobbin ' beats and phat lyrics with soulful themes and powerful vocals . While other artists are topping the charts with mindless black-pop , Ms. Hill is reintroducing the concept of artistry to hip-hop music . My only fear is that the album 's success will push hip-hop further into the mainstream -- an event that will only bring more 70-80 's remixes and poorly concieved rap-rock/pop/country / whatever collaborations . I can hear it now `` Puff Daddy featuring Garth Brooks '' ... God help us all .
 Lauryn Hill is one of the most talented and deep artists I have ever heard . A co-worker told me I should get her CD and for a long time , I resisted because I thought she was just rap . I did n't become a big rap and hip-hop fan until I heard Lauryn 's work and then began to listen to other rap and hip-hop artists . I think The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is superb -LRB- every track -RRB- and speaks the `` truth in love '' . I hope she will continue to produce and create such inspiring and moving songs . Her efforts deserve all the attention and praise she has gotten . Much love and respect .
 LAURYN HILL IS ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL ... SHE IS SMART , BEAUTIFUL , TALENTED AND A WONDERFUL SINGER ... ALL COMBINATIONS MANY PEOPLE IN THE MUSIC INDUSTRY LACKS ... HER CD SHOULD SET NEW STANDARDS IN TODAYS MUSIC ... UNLIKE MANY ARTISTS WHO FEEL THE NEED TO USE SWEAR WORDS OFTEN , SHE USED IT ONCES -LRB- `` I PUT A MUTHAFUCKA IN IT SO YOU IGNORANT NIGGAS HEAR ME '' -RRB- ... WHICH ITSELF WAS A POWERFUL STATEMENT ... ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS LONG LIVE THE QUEEN !!!!!!!!!! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK ... U R TRULY THE BOMB ...
 Instead of the common lyrics written by most artists , like lost love and how because they got dumped they hate the opposite sex , Lauren Hill promotes real experiences that people face and decisions that people are too often afraid of . Her dedication to Zion and God is awesome . `` I 've never been in love like this before '' pinpoints the love of a mother to her child . I admire her for listening to her heart instead of what society thought was right .
 I LISTEN TO THIS CD AT LEAST EVERYDAY , IT 'S VERY DEEP AND GETS YOU RIGHT THERE ON THE REALITY TIP THANK GOD FOR LAURYN HILL
 Laryn Hill is a wonderful artist , but it bothers me to hear she is racist . I hope this is just a rumor , because how can she speak of peace , harmony and education when being racist is a thing of the past , let alone ignorant!Laryn if you read this I want you to know you work moves my soul !!!!!!!!!
 I drive better when I am listening to Lauren in my car , because I am totally relaxed !!
 Miss Lauryn Hill is a very talented young lady . Lauryn has her on style which is sleek and classy . Good luck with the grammy awards . May God Bless You !
 i think that every song on this cd is excellent . the lyrics are great . i bought this cd without knowing many of her songs but now i 'm glad i bought it !
 `` Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' is the tightest CD I 've ever owned . It felt as though she was right there talking to me and as though I had the same feelings . `` Ex-Factor '' , `` Zion '' , and `` Tell Him '' are some of my favorite songs . Much respect to a strong , independent Black woman .
 `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' is a great cd ! I especially loved `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off of You '' , which to me really seemed to be the stand-out song !
 Lauryn Hill has done something magical with the music in her new album . Sooo much soul and artistry . She is so elegant in her singing and her looks . She has evolved since her fugee experience . I 'm looking forward to more solo projects , and I hope she gets all 10 of her grammy nominations !!
 THIS IS THE BEST CD I HAVE BROUGHT IN THE LAST YEAR . WELL WRITTEN AND PRODUCED .
 21st century music !!
 I wrote reviews for this from the time she came out with this but now I have to write a new one again since amazon added this new review system . If you read only one lauryn review in here . . let it be this one so I can let u know if u do n't know her . A lot happened since last year ... with lauryn and just music in the whole . This new album from lauryn is a classic ! . . Period ! I see all the negative reviews in here and I know that there are haters but u just ca n't put down this cd when the lyrics is so strong by it 's self . Lauryn Hill has one of the most soulful voices in hip/hop and thats why I think her and mary j reign supreme when it comes to hip/hop R+B . Miseducation of lauryn hill is just a metaphor . . I think it was taken from a book and she just changed the name around . Shes saying she was miseducated in school because all the things about life she had to learn on her own . Now she knows and she tells it all in this cd . The songs here that stand out are
 I love Lauryns music and her videos . I like the way she enjoys music and how she takes the time out and intertain people with her music . Keep up the good work and good luck thoughout the future . You keep on doing a beautiful job but have you ever thought about having a partner to sing with you in some of your songs ? I like the way you have your own style and do n't have anybody 's beat or words , thats one thing I like in a person .
 L-Boogie proved that she can handle the mic as either a rapper or singer and her lyrics are profound like Maya Angelou 's poetry . The song `` Miseducation of Lauren Hill '' is my favorite because it tells us to look within ourselves to find God within . And thanks for the inclusion of Carlos Santana on `` For Zion '' . He is wonderful . Thanks for opening fans of Hip Hop to another musical experience besides sampling other folks music .
 I bought this cd hearing only 1 song off of it and loved the song so I thought i 'd buy the cd . I can listen to the whole cd and not get bored . All the songs on here are so cool . Lauryn Hill is one of my favorite female rap artists ! I liked her when she was in the Fugees and I still like her in ' 99 ! This cd is a must for Lauryn Hill fans like me !
 Great songs -- Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- is my favorite !! Lauryn speaks out about religion and love and the way they are supposed to be . She is the Queen of rap !!
 This CD is for everyone old and young . She expresses things that people go through on a day to day basis . I could connect with the topics on which she touched . And if anyone has ever loved and loss or loved and won you will have a deep appreciation for The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill .
 what a remarkable step for rap music and r & b. zion is pure poetry from the heart .
 Let 's review this album until it has over 500 reviews ! It will be an Amazon.com record ! This is the most phat record of 1998 . I love this CD ! I recommend it to anyone with ears on the left and right sides of their head ... satisfaction guaranteed ! Yeah ! I think it reminds me of the 60s and the way music sounded years ago . I love it ! Y' all better listen to every track twice before saying anything about this CD ... and it better be good . Peace !
 Get this CD . I recieved this for Christmas , and I love it . I can listen to every song all the way through . I have very eclectic music tastes , from BSB to Jay-Z , so I was n't sure if I wold like this . But it 's definately worth the money .
 I think that this cd was well done . Lauryn Hill really put her feelings into this cd . This cd is coming straight from the heart . My favorite tracks are Zion and Nothing Even Matters . I cry everytime Zion comes on because i understand why she made her decision to bring life into the world . Nothing Even Matters is telling me that if someone really cares about you then nothing matter to them but you . I think there will be more outstanding cds from her still to come . I am also looking forward to the fugees hopfully coming out with another cd .
 i think that her lyrics are the best and describe so much and give us so much to relate to . She has the greatest voice and this album was one of her many great accumplisments . I think your great Lauren ! Keep up your singing and good luck on your new baby ! Juls
 `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' is the best CD I 've heard in years . It is already considered a classic . `` Miseducation '' is so deep you ca n't even describe it in a few words . This CD has everything . Songs like `` Lost One '' and `` Super Star '' gives you a taste of her untouchable rap skills . While at the same time songs like `` I used to Love Him '' and `` X Factor '' lets us feel her words though her powerful singing . `` Miseducation '' is full of hip-hop beats with a soulful R&B feel . Lauryn really went deep into herself to make this album and you can definetly feel it when you hear it . I must say the two most powerful songs on this project are `` Nothing Even Matters '' -LRB- a duet with D'Angelo -RRB- and the title cut `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' These two songs are out of this world , they way they are composed and sang , takes you to another world . Every song has a different meaning and feel and really `` educates '' us on what an album SHOULD sound like
 This cd is full of great songs . Lauryn has a cool sound that has many different types of music . Check out # 3 and the two hidden tracks -- those two are the best ones on the cd !
 Lauryn Hill is the most amazin young black female to walk in to the business . I love her album because she does n't have alot of featurings and her album is all about her . I think she should have been # 1 on the chart toppers instead 0f # 5 . Because she is untouchable !
 ... what can you say when you have a young and beautiful talented black woman hypin it up for us other black women out there . In Lauryn 's CD she really gives us alot of hopes and encouragement !!
 Every song on the album made me want to play it again . Not only are the words fun to sing but they also have lots of meaning . Ms. Hill put her all into this album and many of us are appreciating her work . This is now my favorite album and I love those `` thangs '' Ms. Hill did . Thank you !! My little brother who does n't even like this type of music enjoyed the cd . I know now why my friends told me to go out and buy it .
 I have to agree with one review that says her voice should be used more . However , she still does a terrific hip-hop . It is my hope that she keeps up the good work .
 I loved this cd . Lauryn Hill is definately a favorite of mine . Her songs are really great . She has come a long way since being in Sister Act 2 . I love the fact that she can be so successful in this business and be a single mother . My favorite songs are Ex-Factor and Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- . If you have n't already you should definately get this cd .
 Everyone enjoys this CD in my family including my Grandma !!! All it songs are cool . You realy should get it ! Sonetimes you will buy a CD just because I thas one or two big hits and then when you listen to the rest of the CD it 's really crappy but with this CD all the songs are really good and it also has a couple `` hidden '' tracks !!!! Get the cd !!!! YEAH !
 L Boogie truly represents for all of the ebony sisters who do n't get caught up into sexuality but more into heart felt everyday life situations .
 Lauryn Hill has definitely created a masterpiece with this CD . Every song on the CD is no less than wonderful . I look forward to her next release .
 ok , i just got ta start with one thing ... those really annoying interludes . and i am not the greatest fan of rap music . so i took two stars off for the rap and a star off for the interludes , but it gained a star for the fantastic tune ca n't take my eyes off you , and a star for ex-factor , to zion , every ghetto every city , doo wop , i used to ... , tell him .
 `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' is the best cd of the year . You can pop it on the player and not have to skip any songs . If you can do that with a cd then it 's definitely an awesome cd !
 That is my mothers song too.I Love love that song that thing.Also my sister Liana does to.I think Lauryn Hill did a very good Job .
 Lauren touched a lot of everyday issues and i just want to let her know taht she did a great job letting the people know what Lauryn stands for alone . And I aslo give it to her for being yrs . old and having it together .
 I thought the music was wonderful . I liked when Ms. Hill sang with the Fugees , and think Ms. Hill is a master of rhythm and rhyme . `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' is a CD I can listen to over and over again .
 Lauryn Hill is in deed the best singer I 've ever heard . Her music has inspired me and helped me through my worst times . I know every song has a meaning and a message ... and those who do n't see realize it do n't know what music really is . I bought the album the first day it came out and ever since then I always play her songs . -LRB- I think my family is tired of hearing it every day ... but I 'm not !!! ;-RRB- -RRB- I think this is one of her best albums yet ; hope to hear more . I wish her the best in all she does !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I know that I 'm one of many , but I just have to say that this album rocks , and has a very smooth , cool beat ! Lauryn Hill rocks !
 Every song on the CD is awesome ! Lauryn Hill outdid herself on this cd . The cd is rap , mellow , cultural , and R&B .
 I have the cassette version of this tape and Fell in love with it after the first few minuets of listening . Lauryn has come into her own as a Solo artist and producer . She shows us her worldly side as well as her religious side with finesse and A funky style all her own . This is a must have cd .
 THIS CD BREAKS ALL KINDS OF BARRIERS . MS. HILL IS TOTALLY LEGIT . THIS CD SHOWS HER ABILITY TO APPEAL TO ALL KINDS OF AUDIENCES . lAURYN HILL HAS EVERYTHING IT TAKES TO BE ONE THE ARTISTS WHO STAY AROUND FOR YEARS . TO MS. HILL
 Lauryn Hill express beautiful passion , rhythm , and words into wonderful music . Her mixture of rap and R&B are exceptional .
 Lauryn has woven a recording that has a quality and sound that very few musical artists will ever achieve . She has collected more than a dozen songs each of which will deeply touch somebody somewhere and it is destined to be a classic that generations to come will enjoy . If she continues like this we are looking at a lady that will rank alongside Aretha . Her voice is 100 % pure and unforgettable .
 There ai n't words out there to describe this girl , Lauryn Hill . I take that back , there is one - beautiful . The CD is as beautiful as Lauryn herself , I mean you you got thugs out there singing along . `` FORGIVE THEM FATHER '' is tight to death !!!! You hit the jackpot on this one , and from what I can tell this is just the tip of the iceberg . Just listen to this CD one time and you be able to tell this hip-hop/r & b genius is going to be around for a LO-ONNN-GGGGG TIME !
 This cd is excellent . Every song has its own unique sound and you ca n't quite pinpoint her style , which makes me love it all the more . I listen to this cd any time I can and enjoy it every single time . My ratings of each song - Lost Ones - **** -LRB- out of five -RRB- Ex - Factor - **** - I love how it does n't have the traditional chorus . To Zion - ***** - This song to her son is so sweet . Doo-Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- - ***** - Hip-hop in all of it 's glory . Superstar - *** Final Hour - ***** - Edgy , who do you think you are attitude . When It Hurts So Bad - *** I Used to Love Him - **** - It 's a great duet between Mary J. Blige and Lauryn . Forgive Them Father - *** Every Ghetto , Every City - ***** - MAkes you want to dance ! Nothing Even Matters - **** - Another great duet . Everything is Everything - **** The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill - **** And the bonus tracks are good too . You go , girl !
 I often felt as if this were my subconcious speaking while Lauryn 's beautiful voice played in the backround . She was killing me softly with the similarities to my life . Ms. Hill is trully triumphant here .
 I think Ms. Lauren Hill is an incredable woman , with a beautiful face and a sensitive mind . The words created for the song about her infant son Zion was truely inspirational . Takes guts to do what she does and she 's definately got what it takes .
 ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS THIS CD IS OFF DA HOOK ... THE GIRL REALLY CAN SING , EVERY CUT ESPECIALLY TOO ZION , EX-FACTOR , SWEETIST THANG -LRB- MAHOGANY REMIX -RRB- , NOTHING EVEN MATTERS ... ARE ALL TIGHT ... THE GIRL COULD BLOW ... ALSO , CHECK HER OUT IN CONCERT , IT WAS ONE OF THE BEST CONCERTS I 'VE ATTENDED , THE GIRL ROCKED AND SHE CAN SING ... UNLIKE MANY ARTISTS OUT THERE THAT CA N'T CARRY A NOT IF THEIR LIFE DEPENDED ON IT ... SHE IS TIGHT !!!
 ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS THIS CD IS OFF DA HOOK ... THE GIRL REALLY CAN SING , EVERY CUT ESPECIALLY TOO ZION , EX-FACTOR , SWEETIST THANG -LRB- MAHOGANY REMIX -RRB- , NOTHING EVEN MATTERS ... ARE ALL TIGHT ... THE GIRL COULD BLOW ... ALSO , CHECK HER OUT IN CONCERT , IT WAS ONE OF THE BEST CONCERTS I 'VE ATTENDED , THE GIRL ROCKED AND SHE CAN SING ... UNLIKE MANY ARTISTS OUT THERE THAT CA N'T CARRY A NOT IF THEIR LIFE DEPENDED ON IT ... SHE IS TIGHT !!!
 My name is Kenisha B. , I love this CD I just leave the CD Player on repeat because it is that durn good . She just touches your heart and soul and you can relate , well I can relate to everything she says in the CD . This is my favorite CD of all the others I have . And I know I will listen to it 2 or 3 years down the line . I love this CD words ca n't even express the love I have for this CD . Just go out and get it , and you will see why I am stressing this CD , its that good . It makes you relax .
 You deserve those grammys girl ! I luv your C.D. you 've got a great voice
 The Miseducation of Lauren Hill is an amazing album that transends the mundane music of today resulting in sounds that appeal to the soul . She delivers a message that inspires people regardless of race , age , or creed . This album is an amazing thing to own .
 I think it was a great album and much better than Whitney 's . -LRB- - in responce to the one before -RRB- Also Lauryn is a much better person -- Whitney is a SNOB !! The songs on the miseducation were great and beyond enjoyable ! If you have n't already -- buy it !!!!!
 I think it was a great album and much better than Whitney 's . -LRB- - in responce to the one before -RRB- Also Lauryn is a much better person -- Whitney is a SNOB !! The songs on the miseducation were great and beyond enjoyable ! If you have n't already -- buy it !!!!!
 I KNEW FROM SISTER ACT 2 THIS GIRL HAD IT GOING ON . HER STYLE IS SO SMOOTH AND REALISTIC SHE MAKES ME PROUD TO BE A STRONG BLACK WOMAN . SHE IS TEACHING US HOW TO HAVE RESPECT FOR OURSELVES AND TO DEMAND RESPECT FROM OTHERS . TO ME , SHE IS ALL THE WAY LIVE .
 The genius of Lauryn Hill , as a person and as an artist , is that she knows the value/power of loving oneself -LRB- in all modesty -RRB- first.She provides this `` wake-up '' call in songs like , `` Lost Ones `` and `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' among others.Her REAL love expands beyond her natural family/circle of friends and into our community of folks both in America and abroad . I heard that , `` love is not love until it 's given away '' . Certainly , this `` been there-done that '' down-to-earth , young `` sista '' has been unique in sharing her love/reaching multitudes as evidenced by her enormous sucess . Just knowing/appreciating where Lauryn 's `` head is at '' enables me to enjoy -LRB- the more -RRB- the `` Miseducation of Lauryn Hill ''
 The album was a great compilation of different types of music , by a very talented artist . I gave it 4 stars only because it did n't keep me listening to the end . I did n't get a feeling of completeness .
 The album was a great compilation of different types of music , by a very talented artist . I gave it 4 stars only because it did n't keep me listening to the end . I did n't get a feeling of completeness .
 Lauryn is a grate singer -LRB- yes -RRB- but beyond that she has brought the revelation , the revelation is not only the miseducation of lauryn but the miseducation of the of the black race . my believe is , that she is one who is to help educate us blacks and help us realise that we are one and together we are strong . keep up the GRATE WORK . Salam
 Go , Lauryn . Go , Lauryn . Lauryn is the best . She 's only 23 years old making it big . I 'm very proud of her . Her album is the best . The songs I can just relate to . I have to hear her album every single day . I have one album for my inside stereo and one for my car stereo . This is how much I love this C.D. Great job ! I commend her a great deal . Lauryn , keep bringing the music !!!
 This album is a great album and really shows the power of a powerful voice and the lyrical talent that the great woman posesses . Please support a great wonder of this time .
 Lauryn this cd was one the best of all time . Keep up the good work . Love Always .
 This is what American music is ... carved from her island style and fused with her street savvy , this album shines with everything Lauryn Hill was and is , and what she represents is an undying , unyielding spirit which recognizes the best and the worst of society and turns it into something to which everyone can relate . With funky beats and sweet , sweet melodies !
 after a decade it 's still one of my favorites . i love every track on here , especially zion . i should probably buy a new one , since the one i have is scratched up , but it still plays pretty good . she really taught the lessons of being in love , being a woman and a mother .
 I bought this album when it first came out and listened to it like crazy . I remember her singing `` Zion '' at the grammys and crying it was so beautiful . I say it 's bittersweet because obviously it 's about love and heartache and breakup 's and makeups . But also because this was her only ablum for a few years until she came out with that Unplugged album which was even more deep and dark and sad , but great . I love her music , you can tell what she 's going through with every track . All around great investment .
 Even after a decade this album still sounds sooo much better than most anything else out right now . I do n't think I 'll ever get tired of hearing this album over and over . I was introduced to it as a middle school kid , I rediscovered it a few months ago and just ca n't believe how fresh and deep it still sounds .
 `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' still sounds as fresh and new in 2008 as it did when it was released in 1998 . It 's hard to believe that its been ten years since this masterpiece was released . The songs are timeless . `` Ex-Factor , '' `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- , '' `` I Used To Love Him , '' `` Lost Ones , '' `` Everything Is Everything , '' `` To Zion , '' and all the rest are classics . I bet in 2028 somebody , somewhere will still be rocking this CD . I 'm still hoping for another Lauryn masterpiece . I know she 's had her issues through the years since this Grammy-winning darling was released , but her talent is timeless . They do n't make 'em like her anymore . I think she has another one in her . If she ever does decide to comeback , she has one fan that will be patiently waiting for her new `` Miseducation ! ''
 Lauryn Hill after working with The Fugees , really does alot of R&B on this CD . They say that good music can stand the test of time , and this CD gets an A ! You wo n't regret this buy .
 everything i needed to know about the cd i already knew.i purchased it when first released years ago but somewhere along the way it got misplaced.the miseducation of lauryn hill was a masterpiece then not to be duplicated because in my opinion it was her best.the enchantment of the songs on my mind stayed with me , so there was no doubt that eventually i would get a replacement and now happened to be that time.i 'm content and satisfied she 's no longer lost .
 I ordered this CD and before I knew it , it was sitting in my mailbox three days later . Now thats what I call quick . Of course the CD was in great condition -LRB- no scratches or skips -RRB- . I am very pleased and highly recommend this seller .
 You love rap . You love jazz . You love R&B . You love rock . You love classical . Lauren 's cd appeals to many cultures and generations . Her sounds are of pure style and class . Her lyrics are inspirational , thoughtful , and compliment the music in the grandest way . An amazing recording . It really does n't get much better than this ... . Her lyrics are genuine , her talent is true , and hopefully , everlasting .
 I love this CD . I have owned it since it was released and while I may have grown weary of `` Doo Wop '' after it was played constantly on the radio and MTV , I love almost every track.If I had any complaint it would be that the interludes are really distracting . I think I may be in the minority here but I 'm ok with that.Anyway , I ca n't wait to hear more from Hill . I am so impressed by this album . She is a talented artist .
 After buying this CD for its hype , I became an instant Lauryn Hill fan . All songs on the CD were fantastic . Some better than others , but all good . My favorites are `` to Zion '' , `` Ex-Factor '' , & `` Forgive them Father '' . If you like hip hop you will love this CD !
 By far , I would classify this album as my # 1 all-time favorite . It 's hard to explain why . I do n't classify myself as a `` hip-hop '' fan by any stretch of the imagination . `` To Zion '' made me weep , literally . Ms. Hill has true talent which is rare these days . How many of these so called artists today actually write their own songs ? Not enough . Bottom line , you need to experience this album for yourself . If it does n't touch you , you have no soul .
 ... although I 'm not accustomed to hip-hop . She deserved her victories last year , because she can be expressive in her attitude towards the present world . I never knew that Wyclef Jean was also a member of the Fugees !
 This seems like a weird CD . Mostly because it involves a lot of rap which I ca n't stand . However , I heard it was good , so I bought it . I 'm not disappointed . Lauryn is fantastic and so is her message . Doo Wop and Everything is Everything are the best songs . To Zion is good too . A must buy for music fans !
 Only at the repeated insistence of my friend A. did I sit down and * really * listen to this album . I must admit that I regard much contemporary r & b and hip-hop with skepticism because of the same lack of individuality that is rife in the boy-band repertoire . Anything with high praise on a big label -LRB- e.g. Columbia -RRB- -- especially anything that gets high praise in `` awards '' shows , must be sub par . Lauryn Hill knows this -- and sings about it -LRB- `` Superstar '' -RRB- -- and produces an album that * she * wanted . The result is anything but ordinary . Her voice is silky and direct , and her lyric smart and direct . This is pure soul -- its naked bearing , its deep hurt , its highest joys . The song , `` To Zion , '' merits owning the album alone . In this tribute to her son Hill brings the listener to tears and expresses in a few short minutes what soul music is really about -- its essence ; a mother of music , indeed . Simply amazing .
 Lauren Hill sings her songs with feeling that is close to being unmatched in the music world . She has matured from her early days in the Fugees to emerge as one of the top performers of our time . The song `` To Zion '' is amazing in its lyrical content and that fantastic music . A must have for fans of Hip Hop , R&B , and Rap
 I did n't like rap ... until a co-worker coaxed me into listening to Lauryn Hill 's `` To Zion '' , a love song to her son and a stand for life in the face of opposition . Her music is intelligent , her voice beautiful , her style creative . I 'm glad she 's getting the positive attention she deserves .
 I first heard of the singer on my sister 's birthD . A friend of mine had offered the CD . I loved it so much that I bought one for myself the month after ! although I fine some songs still too rough , sounding as a poor rap -LRB- `` lost ones '' -RRB- , the rest of the album is a miracle of pure voice . the young lady is a new diva . her faith make her words full of sense , but do n't mind the words , if you prefer , 'cause the rythm and the grace of the voice are enough to find this album a `` must-have '' one .
 LAURYN HILL , YOU NEVER SURPRISE ME . THIS CD IS DA BOMB , AND I WILL TELL ANYONE THAT . THIS IS THE FIRST CD THAT I HAVE EVER BOUGHT AND ACTUALLY LIKED ALL OF THE SONGS . WHATEVER SONG YOU COME OUT WITH OFF OF THIS CD WILL BE DA BOMB . I 'M SURE IT WILL BE AT THE TOP OF THE CHARTS . I DO N'T HAVE TO BE A PSYCHIC TO KNOW THAT THIS CD WILL RECEIVE EMMY AND GRAMMY NOMINATIONS . GREAT JOB , LAURYN !!!
 I got this cd when it first came out , and I ca n't sing its praises enough . Lauryn is a strong woman , not afraid to say what she believes , and you 've got to respect that . She borrows from old-school doo-wop , funk , and soul , while taking the best of new-school production , talent , mixing it all into an incredible cd . I 've gone through three copies ... they keep getting stolen , and I 'm so addicted to Lauryn , I keep buying replacements .
 I love Lauryn almost all her songs . I never heard nobody sang a song about their child , that is the best song on the album . She is so positive , she sing songs not only about love in relationships , but about yourself , your enivorment and other people.She is very talented she can rap and sing . She is very strong to get her message out to people to understand how she looks at the world , not about money , frame or power . This is the best album since Michael Jackson.We need more people like her to sing about other solution and be more creative in their work of music . Lauryn is one of a kind , And the main reason is she is real about herself , she puts God first and make it known to everybody . Gog is Bless her with her two babies her family and her career . Lauryn is going to be here a long time .
 I ca n't understand why anyone would not like Lauryn ` s music . It 's great ! And the lyrics , listen to the carefully , they 're wortn the time .
 Lauryn really did deserve all those awards . The album kicks ass ! Her songs really do reach out for you . There 's nothing else I can say except that Lauryn Hill really did put all her effort into this triumphant album !!
 I know everyone is probably sick of her voice but this album is good . I had it for a while now and even though I have to admit I 've listened to it so many times that I 'm `` done '' with it it was good until the radio played it out .
 I purchased this album along with TLC 's Fanmail . Although I enjoy TLC for their sassy-ness , I know Lauryn has staying power . She has a beautiful voice , she has something to say , and the `` old school '' rythems in the background make for a really great album I 'll keep coming back too .
 Lauryn is a wonderful artist , i 'm sad that we had to wait so long before we were able to really see her talent . Not only is she beautiful -LRB- in her long locks -RRB- but she 's also very intelligent and inspirational !
 I think her cd is moving and tuches me very much . I think she can sing very well and has a beautiful vocie . she is my idle and I admire her admiration .
 I do n't like hype , and as a rule I 'm suspicious of any album that 's too widely praised . Nonetheless , The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill proved to be an exception to the unfortunate trend of hyping mediocrity . Her sentiments are refreshing , she 's emotional without being sentimental , she 's devout without being proselytizing , and perhaps most importantly she writes interesting , ecclectic music with roots in Jazz , Rock , Soul , Gospel , R&B , ad . inf . Quite frankly , I 'm completely bemused by the reviews claiming that her beats are predictable or her lyrics are less than insightful . I found the opposite to be true ; her mixing and producing were exceptional and her collaborators were well-chosen and well-utilized . I was further confused by two reviews below , one of which claimed that Brandy was superior and another which claimed Celine Dion was . Putting my personal opinions of those performers aside for a moment , I would like to point out that neither Brandy nor Dion write or produce their own songs . They perform the work of other songwriters and musicians and then allow it to be mixed by studio employees . Ms. Hill is not a performer . She 's an artist , and I would recommend this album to anyone , regardless of their musical taste .
 In the mid-Nineties , The Fugees reigned supreme on the R 'n' B scene . With their massive No. 1 album `` The Score '' and a huge multi-million selling UK No. 1 in the form of `` Killing Me Softly , '' the talent of Wyclef Jean shone very brightly . Beyond Wyclef 's talent , however , there was one other . Another talent that stood head and shoulders above everyone else , a musical and lyrical talent not since the days of artists such Aretha Franklin and Joni Mitchell . It was of course , the raw talent of Lauryn Hill.Expectations were high for solo material from The Fugees members . The fall of 1998 brought Lauryn Hill 's first solo record since her success with The Fugees . It was called `` The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill . '' The album stormed to No. 1 and went 7x Platinum in the US , also topping the charts in many other foreign territories . A few were calling it hype , but the critics were gushing for Miss Hill . Read any review of this album by a professional critic and they are bound to call this album something along the lines of `` A ground-breaking classic that totally re-writes the Hip Hop rule book . '' Lauryn Hill deservedly earnt a record 10 Grammy nominations in 1999 , and won five -LRB- Album Of The Year , Best New Artist , Best R&B ; album , Best Female R&B ; Vocal Performance , Best R&B ; Song -RRB- . The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill is a classic record , which is up there with albums by artists such as Stevie Wonder and Marvin Gaye as one of the most influential and ground-breaking records in its category . The album is unique in its style - it encompasses many styles and captures many influences from sin , love , depression , street life , fame , wealth , the past , the present and the future . The first song , `` Lost Ones , '' is quick to dispel the stereotypes of Hip Hop culture by taking on a different subject than most other rappers albums . Lauryn sings about the way people change , and how it 's not always for the better . The hit single `` Ex-Factor '' shows a very emotional side of Lauryn . She sings of a lover who she is with , but their relationship is so difficult because of his dependency on her . `` To Zion '' speaks a real truth about Lauryn 's turbulent past . Martial drums and a beautiful chant towards the end makes this song totally epic . `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' is the lead single from the album . Lauryn 's rapping is at her best on here . Everything fits together so well - lyrics , beats , arrangement . It 's all excellent , and it 's extremely thought-provoking . The rather dreary `` Superstar '' sees Lauryn angrily attack all the rappers who are only concerned with the money , the girls and the bling-bling . It is followed-up by the wonderful `` Final Hour . '' Lauryn 's rapping in this song is on top-form , and my favourite part is where she sings , `` Now I 'm - a get the mozzarella like a Rockerfeller , still be in the church of Lalibela , singing hymns a cappella , whether posed in Maribella , in couture , or collectin ' residuals from off The Score . '' It 's amazing . The way she sings it , the tone in her voice , the emotion and the catchiness of it all - it really does touch the depths of your soul . `` When It Hurts So Bad '' is an excellent song about confused love , while `` I Used To Love Him '' is a fantastic duet with Mary J. Blige in which the two sing about a guy they once loved , but do n't anymore . Plain and simple . `` Forgive Them Father '' is a song about the sinners who use people and then talk them down . A thought-provoking song to those who take people for granted . `` Every Ghetto , Every City , '' is a brilliant and funky R&B ; song in which Lauryn reminisces about her childhood past , and how she remembers everything . `` Nothing Even Matters '' is a duet with D'Angelo , and a beautiful ballad . You can just sit back and relax to this wonderful song . `` Everything Is Everything '' is definitely an album highlight . Striking beats and wonderful vocals are joined with amazing lyrics with references to the bible , Egyptian past , European culture and much more . It 's a very interesting topic on life and how you chose to live it . The album 's title track , `` The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill '' has a brilliant piano , and Lauryn 's vocals are stunning . This song is a complete revelation and a perfect ` official ' closing song . Bonus tracks include a cover of `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off You '' and `` Tell Him . '' Both fantastic songs , which should 've been included on every version of this superb album.OVERALL GRADE
 Usually in any musical group , one person far outshines the other members , sometimes undeservingly , but in the case of Lauryn Hill , this could never be true . She deserved the attention . As the lead singer of the New Jersey-based hip-hop/R & B ; group The Fugees , you heard Lauryn 's beautiful alto voice on hits such as `` Fugee-la '' , `` Ready Or Not '' and the wildly successful remake of the Roberta Flack classic , `` Killing Me Softly With His Song '' , which basically sold the Fugees ' CD it came from , THE SCORE , in 1997 and made it a Grammy contender . There was no doubt in anyone 's mind that as good as her groupmates Wyclef and Pras were as rappers , Lauryn was clearly the best of the three , and she did n't really need them because she was REALLY good . While I loved the Fugees as a group , I have to concur that Lauryn is probably the best female MC of all time and it was eventual that she would do something on her own.When Lauryn decided to do just that and made THE MISEDUCATION OF LAURYN HILL , she was showing the world that she was not just the lead singer or rapper in the Fugees , but a prolific and sensitive songwriter , too . This multiple Grammy-winning CD is well worth the hype . When I brought this CD in August 1998 , I knew I would like it , but after listening to it several times over I realized that this was no ordinary CD . It has its bangin ' beats for those who are looking for that , but it also has a touchingly tender side to it , which is what mainly attracted me to this CD in the first place . Lauryn displays a side of hip-hop here that we rarely see in that genre
 This album strikes a very personal cord with me . I listened to this album everday after I purcahsed it back in 1998 . Lauryn Hill shared her pearls of wisdom in the `` Miseducation of Lauryn Hill . '' I like the classroom premise between each track . And the songs are totally befitting to one another . All of them have to deal with the love , the joys , and the pains of romantic relationships and none of them cross the other out . She kept her focus in the delivery of this album which gives the listener a smooth ride from track to track . I must say Lauryn Hill 's album taught me a lot of things about love and it helped ease the pain and frustration , that I was going through at the time . She showed me that somebody else has gone through what I 'm going through , someone else has experienced this , and I am not alone . I also have to say I like Lauryn Hills style , she 's beautiful . I 'm not at all like her ; she 's very urban , -LRB- I 'm suburban -RRB- she 's really natural and ethnic , -LRB- I 'm a `` pretty girl '' who loves pretty things and make-up -RRB- . I like the fact that she just kept it real she related a very important message to the masses yet she did not change her style she 's hip-hop so she kept it hip-hop . I also liked her spiritual messages and references to God and Christianity . A lot of artist that are similiar in sound or genere as Laryn Hill make references to gods and you do n't know what god they are talking about , or on the other side their are some that mention God in albums where they should be too ashamed to because of all of the explicit lyrics . They come across as spiritual yet , weird . But Lauryn did the exact opposite . In this album Lauryn exposed her spiritual side and her natural side which is being human .
 I 've wanted to write a review of this CD for a long time but i decided to read some other reviews first and think about it.My conclusion is that ` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill ' is a classic , it 's a brilliant album . Reading the other reviews i noticed that most people either love the album or really do n't know what the hype is all about . Do n't believe the hype , do n't believe the critics , do n't mind all the grammy awards ... but listen ! And please take your time because it took me some time to really understand Lauryn and love the album like i do now . I did n't know what the critics thought of this album when i bought it , not a single friend adviced me to buy it and i never saw the grammy awards or any other award show . It 's really hard to describe what this album means to me because it 's really personal . ` The miseducation of Lauryn Hill ' can make me sing , it can make me cry , it can make me feel better when i 'm down , it can make me jump around when i 'm happy . It 's real , Lauryn Hill is real and she sings about real things . Lauryn is very smart
 Yes , The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is the best hip hop album of all time ! I am aware that the production of the album incorporates R&B ; , reggae , and other musical genres that many believe remove this album from the hip hop category , but let me pose this question
 Lauryn Hill is not a racist . When the fugees won their first grammy , Lauryn explained on stage that the false rumor was first started by a caller on the Howard Stern show . She cried and apologized for the misunderstanding by saying , `` I make music for everyone . ''
 For years Lauryn Hill was known as L-Boogie . A dominating and beautiful female rapper whose lyrics were considered as complex as those of rap 's elite Tupac , Nas , Rakim , and Guru . Her voice had all the grit , passion , and street sensibility of the most hardcore male rapper , yet she still manager to be beautiful . And L-Boogie could sing too , she could really hold on tune.When her group the Fugees first came out with Blunted on Reality , they bombed big time and were treated as a joke group . It seems like they switched the sophomore jinx up , experiencing that on their first album , so that when the sophomore album hit , it hit big . They sold more than 17 million copies won several Grammy 's and were superstars . Lauryn really demonstrated how beautiful her voice was on the hit remake of Roberto Flack 's Killing Me Softly . BUT NOTHING from the Score could have prepared the music community for the Miseducation of Lauryn Hill.Instantly it became a classic , with four hit singles , Ca n't Take My Eyes Off you , Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- , Ex-Factor , and Lost One propelling it forward . It 's eclectic blend of sounds and styles was genius , but it was that voice , that nearly immaculate voice that propeled Lauryn into the ranks of the great.The album opens with an intro that shows Lauryn cutting class . When the teacher calls her name , she 's no there to say present . This incidicates that what she 's about to tell you , are things she could n't learn in a world of academia alone . These are life lessons.Next is Lost Ones , usually considered an album opening slice at her bandmate Wyclef Jean , who was usually considered the genius of their group Fugees . She opens with `` It 's funny how money change the situation , miscommunication leads to complication '' Significantly a host of male voice -LRB- the Marley Boys , she 's married to one of Bob Marley 's sons -RRB- open this track by repeating her Fugees ' name L-Boogie , and you ca n't help but feel they 're saying to indicate her indenpendance . When the Fugees reunited at Dave Chappelle 's block party in 2004 , she even performed this song
 Lauryn Hill 's solo debut is not only the best album ever produced from the rhythm & blues/rap genre from this decade , but it also establishes the benchmark by which all future R&B / rap albums must be measured . With its soothing grooves and subtle hooks , The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill allows you to both feel the music and move to it . Comparable to the album 's first-rate production are its thoughtful lyrics . Never before has an R&B album matched its polish with genuine , bonafide substance and you get that through the subjects that Hill sings about . From the touching tribute to her son in `` To Zion '' to the pain of unrequited love in `` When It Hurts So Bad '' , Hill matches the beauty in her song with the power of her lyrics . Hill can get downright playful too in her nostalgic trip , `` Every Ghetto , Every City '' and can hip-hop with the best of them in `` Lost Ones '' . But the most powerful song of the album by far is `` Final Hour '' , a song about redemption and spirituality . Hill reaches true lyric eloquence in `` Final Hour '' . And by the way , Lauryn Hill 's voice is tremendous . The sublime grooves and great words mean nothing without the voice to add emotion and feeling to them and Hill 's voice does so by leaps and bounds . Hill 's voice has the control that Mariah Carey wishes she had , the range that Carey thinks she has , and a tenderness that rivals Whitney Houston . Lauryn Hill 's impressive solo debut will be Album of the Year , hands down .
 Over the years , I have grown a contemptuous attitude towards the Grammys for the unspeakbaly dumb choices they often make when giving awards . But they hit the bullseye in 1999 when Lauryn Hill made a near clean sweep for her debut `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill . '' One third of the Fugees , Hill displayed her ample gifts on this modern classic of an album as producer , songwriter , singer , and rapper . Weaving hip hop , soul , and Marley-inspired vibes , `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill '' is excellent from start to finish and never falters . It 's hard to resist the catchy swing of `` Doo Wop , '' her funkified makeover of the classic `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off You , '' and the chemistry between Hill and D'Angelo on `` Nothing Even Matters . '' But Hill , I think , is most convincing when she sings her way through a broken heart , as evidenced on `` Ex-Factor , '' `` I Used to Love Him , '' and my personal favorite `` When it Hurts So Bad . '' There are some records that pretty much escape consciousness when the music is over . But not `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill . '' Like a dwelling spirit , it haunts you after each listen until it stays imprinted in memory , the way great records often do .
 There are very few artists today who can educate with their lyrics . Lauren Hill was able to speak to many differnt genres . She gave a me a sense of self worth that I did n't learn at home . The children of today need a `` Miss Hill '' to help educate them where parents and school fail . Your music is missed Miss Hill !
 By now we all know how ground breaking this CD was . Almost 10 years later it 's still ahead of it 's time . Hill paved the way other singers , and other sounds . From the slow sad songs , to the upbeat I am woman hear me roar lyrics , Hill lays it down .
 Leaving the Fugees and making an album for the music industry was a great move . This album gives us great songs like `` Zion '' and `` Nothing even Matters '' a duet with De'Angelo . This album is one that you will find yourself listening to for days because it is so unique . Her voice mystical , passionate and touching . Join her on her journey .
 Lauryn Hill is a fantastic singer . I wish she would put out more CD 's . It is a thrill to hear every song she sings on this CD . She is the BOMB !!!!
 This is truly one of the classics in my collection ! I still remember the chills I felt when I initially listened to it - Lauryn Hill is one of a few female artists who can truly sing & rap well . I knew about her skills from listening to The Fugees but she really blew me away with this release because honestly , at the time of the release my interest in hip hop/rap was waning.I had heard all of the hype surrounding the album but did n't buy it until EX-FACTOR was released as a single - I was curious like most and wondered whether the album truly deserved all of the Grammies and attention but after one listen , my answer is a resounding YES ! When an artists produces a disc that people from all walks of life , interests and music tastes can appreciate then they have done something special and that 's what TMOLH did.The commentary of the album touches on love , ill-fated love , the music industry and a bit of religion but at no time did I feel I was being preached to or told how to feel or think - she espoused her beliefs and offered a glimpse into her heart which in turn touched my heart on more than a few tracks . I also loved the school house interludes which seamlessly moved the tracks along - whereas some album interludes are intrusive and create bloat in albums , these worked with the tracks and served as semi-introductions . I love this entire album but to this day , the tracks that really touch my heart are : EX-FACTOR - heartbreakingly brilliant break up song ; Lauryn 's vocals are exquisite on this trackTO ZION - beautiful track expressing her love for her son and the personal decision to have him during the height of her young careerDOO WOP -LRB- THAT THING -RRB- - mixes great social commentary on male/female relationships over a great beatWHEN IT HURTS SO BAD - moody tale about unrequited love , I loved the harps used in the musical production & the real pain in her voiceI USED TO LOVE HIM - loved the pairing of her & Mary J Blige 's vocals , they sound beautiful togetherNOTHING EVEN MATTERS - beautiful duet ballad with D'AngeloTHE MISEDUCATION OF LAURYN HILL - her voice sounds so beautiful on this trackIt 's never too late to add this classic to your collection - I 'd highly recommend it !
 Lauryn Hill had made this groundbreaking album which lifts hip hop and soul to new heights . Lauryn Hill has been crowned for this album . This record recalls the glory days of R&B ; when Aretha was queen and Stevie , Marvin , and Bob were the kings of her court . Lauryn had pushed the envelope of rap , hip hop , and soul by re-inventing old school and letting the listeners discover it in a new way . This is a record that you hear in your gut . This is a record that goes deep . Ms. Hill has created a record that should be heard.Lauryn paints vivid and moving pictures with her intelligent lyrics and grooving beats . Standout tracks were Superstar , Forgive Them Father ; Everything is Everything , and the secret track The Sweetest Thing . Superstar is a masterpiece . It opens with a tight reggae riff reminiscent of Marley and then settles into a taut groove where Lauryn invites , `` Come on baby light my fire . '' Hill 's lyrics deal with real issues such as her son , Zion -LRB- `` To Zion '' -RRB- to the mixed-up priorities of today 's youth -LRB- `` Doo Wop
 Okay ... I never wanted to review this album simply because of all the wonderful things I have to say about it . Where to begin ? Where to end ? but I thought of a good title to sum it all up . `` Time warp '' is my title to my review simply because you can play this album on the radio 10 years from now and people would be jammin like the album came out yesterday . Most R&B ; / hip hop albums come out with the hottest producers of the time and the music sounds just as every other track that the producer has out on the radio . Therefore , hearing a song years from now , you could approximately guess what year it was from just from the stylings . But this album is different . There are no boundaries to this album . The music is universal . It is touching , thoughtful , and honest . Nothing can make a great album without them ingrediants.Her voice was hidden behind her rapping for years and it was a shock to hear the beauty that came out on this album . She loves life , music , and her surroundings and takes them for what they are . The miseducation should be anyone 's education of a piece of `` untouchable '' art . This here is an album for the history books .
 When Lauryn Hill was with The Fugees , people thought either two things : Lauryn had all the talent and Wyclef and Pras were biting off her talent , or Wyclef had all the talent and Lauryn and Pras were biting off HIS talent.I personally agree with the first one , and it 's all becuase of this album.This is the greatest to happen to hip-hop since Dr.Dre 's `` The Chronic '' . This album is 100 % genius , and will never be replaced as the greatest hip-hop album in history.There are a lot of things that make this album a classic , but the one main pro is the lyrics.Lauryn 's lyrics are so genuine and so hearfelt that you ca n't help but get into the songs.Some prime examples of this are her ode to her son , `` To Zion '' , the heartbreaking `` Ex-Factor '' , and the socially genius `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' . Not only the lyrics flawless , but Lauryn 's voice is turly one of a kind , not only with an infectious rapping voice -LRB- `` Final Hour '' -RRB- , but a range that would put Mariah Carey to shame , the main example being `` The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill '' . Another thing is the producing.The producing is completely relaxing , yet you 're still able to dance to it.And the rhythm is n't only hip-hop and R&B beats , but this is truly the most diverse album of the ' 90 's . Lauryn moves from reggae-induced -LRB- `` Lost Ones '' -RRB- to soul -LRB- `` Nothing Even Matters '' -RRB- to a latin-flavored guitar -LRB- `` To Zion '' -RRB- , every song is a refreshing and beautiful piece of producing.Sure , the interludes , are not related to anything the previous song said , but a lot of essential recordings do have interludes , right?Cons : If you find one single flaw with this album , you are the pickiest person to ever live -LRB- unless interludes annoy you -RRB- ! As you can see , this album is definitely one to own.You have n't lived until you have listened to this one !
 Lauryn Hill 's solo debut is arguably one of the greatest R&B albums in history , talking about all subjects of life , also deservingly winning 5 Grammies.From social issues -LRB- `` Everything IS Everything '' -RRB- , to not loving a man anymore -LRB- `` I Used To Love Him -LRB- featuring Queen Of Hip Hop/Soul Mary J.Blige -RRB- '' -RRB- , and also NOT being able to leave a relationship -LRB- `` Ex-Factor '' -RRB- . All 3 subjects are sung with perfection , and so is every other song on this gold mine of an album , the true highlights being `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- '' , the remake of `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off Of You '' , and `` Ex-Factor '' . This album also gave us real music lovers relief that the genre we all love/hate called hip-hop still actually had organic talent out there.There are no obvious flaws showing here , except for the almost pointless clas interludes about love , but that small flaw is overshadowed by the remarkable songs.Ms.Hill put an amazing effort on this album , and it will be remembered by music lovers 10 years from now .
 I never liked the fugees very much and if we look at what they 've been doing since the split , only Lauryn made some decent solo hits , this album is really good . Very Personal and deep , since it brings up interesting issues and things about her life . Not only its well produced and made , Laurun really proves how talented she is , and the album included loads of good songs . Catchy mega hit `` Doo Wop -LRB- that thing -RRB- '' and the deeper `` Ex-facor '' which end up with a wonderful guitar riff . `` Everything is Everything '' that also worked on the charts . A cover of the 60 's song `` Ca n't take my eyes off of you '' which she sings well . It also includes many colaborations like `` To Zion '' with Santana , `` I Used To Love Him '' with Mary J. Blige and `` Nothing Even Mathers '' with D'Angelo . If we take a look at all the prices Lauryn and her debut album won , you 'll see what i meant , this album was great and it will remembered for long . Unfortunately this is still her only solo album out there . Hopefully we 'll hear more of her , cause im really curious to see if her next album will be in the same class as this , `` The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill ''
 To be honest , the only reason I got this cd was because I got an iPod , and decided that I needed to buy as many albums that were considered to be `` great '' as possible -LRB- I 'm very eccletic -RRB- . I knew that Lauryn 's album had to be at least decent because of all the attention it got when I was younger , but after listening to it , I ca n't believe it has taken me so long to actually go out and buy it . At the same time , I 'm glad it did , because I probably would n't have had the appreciation for it when I was younger that I do now . I 'm actually listening to it right now , every song just flows and touches you . I ca n't stop listening to it . I 'm not going to go through every song and rate it , because every song adds something different to the album , and it would be a dishonor to rate each individually . If you have n't bought this cd yet , I definitely recommened doing it immediately . It 's amazing , it 's touching , and it 's addicting .
 Lauryn solidified her position in hip-hop with the release of this cd . I saw a review where someone gave her 4 stars and i just thought that was tragic ! From the intro to the final song you feel every bit of her beautiful voice and her emotions . I never as a man felt so touched by a woman 's voice . She is the best female MC on this planet .
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is one of the greatest albulms ever made . She practically touched on every part of human emotion . My favorite song is the one `` to Zion '' a beautiful song about Lauryn choosing her child over the lifestyles of fame , having her baby ignoring what people thought . The choir coming in and giving her back-up was excellent it was just beautiful , spiritual if you will . I also like `` doo woop -LRB- that thing -RRB- '' her first single off the album a nice upbeat song with the drums , horns , Lauryn 's beautiful voice , that was perfect too . Another one of my favorite songs was `` Nothing Even Matters '' her duet with D'Angelo very pretty and soulful , one of my favorite songs period . I could go on and on about every track but then I 'd ruin the experience for you . Go out and buy it it 's an excellent work of art .
 On her debut solo album , Ms. Hill was completely obsessed with defeating her former lover and group member , Wyclef John . Yet , this album reveals much more than a woman scorn . Ms. Hill combines soul , pop and hip hop to portray a complex , talented , intelligent woman . On `` Lost ones '' she rages against a pompous ex lured by commercialism . Her voice floats over the beats as she raps . `` Ex factor '' is beautifully , heart wrenching tale of a sour relationship . Ms. Hill 's powerful voice seeps with a mixture of love and sorrow as she weeps `` no matter how I think we grow you always seem to let me know it a n't working '' . `` To Zion '' is another beautiful ballad about the birth of Lauryns first son . Her voice never sounds more pure or her lyrics more personal than here . `` Doo wop -LRB- that thing -RRB- '' rolls over sweeping horns and piano and `` I used to love him '' with Mary J Blidge sees Hill and Blidge singing soulfully over a bumping beat . Unlike other hip hop/r & b divas , Lauryn is n't afraid to delve deep into her personal life in her lyrics and her soulful voice fills with true feeling on this album . This album , practically flawless except for the annoying spoken interludes , revealed a more sophisticated voice , lyrically and vocally than any other modern diva . She not only outdid Wyclef , she made one of the best albums of all time .
 Lauryn is one of the most versatile people in the business . She 's amazing in all the categories . She 's a songwriter , producer , rapper , poet . I mean this lady truly is wonderful . She always carries a message with her unique rock hard flows and rhymes she gives like no one else . This album is for any fan of music , not only rap , or Rnb . But anyone who wants something good to hear . She talks about the truth of the world and criticizes evil . Go and get it and sleep on it till the entire album sinks in your pulse .
 Lauryns CD is pretty calming . She sings with passion her voice is beautiful . I believe this is best described as the perfect album to make love to . Mostly powerful songs about God and love once in a while she throws it down and raps a verse . what can I say shes amazing . A great CD to have in your collection , the track list is good , consistently throughout.jared
 Words Can not Explain How Much This Album Means To Me ... Lauryn , you are amazing and this album is a masterpiece!Sweetest Thing is the best ...
 This album is the best MCing I have heard in a long time ! Lauryn 's rhyms are the illest thing I have ever heard , the lyrcis have real meaning and express the truths of life that others are afraid to expose . Good job Lauryn !
 `` The Miseducation ... '' is one of the best albums of the 90 's in my opinion . This album is very spiritual , Lauryn has an amazing alto voice and the production and lyrics are top notch . This is every R&B lover 's MUST HAVE .
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is most definitely one of my favorite albums ever . This is how true music should be
 Some of this album is absolutely brilliant , and other parts -LRB- namely most of the middle tracks -RRB- are just repetitive bores with positive messagesLost Ones -- 2/5 that chorus is really obnoxiousEx-Factor -- 4.5 / 5 great message , singing is outstandingTo Zion -- 2.5 / 5 I love what she sings about , i just do n't like the way she sings itDoo-Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- -- 4/5 nice view on men and women great rapping that flows with the great chorusSuperstar -- 3.5 Final Hour -- 2/5 the beginning of that bore in the centerWhen It Hurts So Bad -- 2/5I Used To Love Him -- 2/5Forgive Them Father -- 2/5Every Ghetto , Every City -- 3.5 / 5 This song is a nice break from all that trash in the middleNothing Even Matters -- 4/5 D'Angelo and Lauryn Hill sound so good togetherEverything Is Everything -- 4.5 / 5 This is my favorite song on the album , great outlook on life.The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill -- 4/5 Nice song for deep thinkers to relate toCa n't Take My Eyes Off Of You -- 3.5 / 5 Her sounds so pleasant in this cover.Sweetest Thing -- 2.5 / 5 bad way to end a generally great album .
 just because they feel shes racist dont mean you should be negative about there toughts im black love luaren hill if there thinking shes racist they probly would not of got the cd go get the score and the fugges greatest hits and get this 2 \ / wigger
 very good cd with other artist like santana and mary j blige on it . definately buy this cd cuz u 'll love it .
 it all could be so simple but you make it har
 Ok , I 've been wanted to write a review for this -LRB- well for Lauryn Hill -RRB- for quite some time now , but I had never heard the album in it 's entirety and so , after purchasing it -LRB- sorry to dissapoint you Miss Hill -RRB- I can now write my review . I wanted to hear the album first so that my review had more substance than just my opinion . First I must say that Lauryn is truely inspirational and brilliant for her writing is top notch and her voice is beautiful . She touches upon subjects that are important to society , from abortion and pro-life as in ` To Zion ' as well as self respect in ` That Thing ' but whats sad is that her good cause is overshadowed by her HUGE flaw . Lauryn is bent of the subject of love and that 's seen in the interlude tracks that feature a high school study on Love and what it means to love someone ... and how we should love others . The problem is that Lauryn Hill herself has shown the biggest expression of hate in her voiced opinions of white people . She has proven herslef to be racist and thus what she says has little effect because she do n't practice what she preaches . That 's sad , because everything that Lauryn sings about here is important and has lots of deep meaning , but it 's overlooked because of her attitude toward the subject . I gave this CD 4 stars , and se desearves that ... this album is almost perfect , but it 's the person that is Lauryn Hill that I ca n't agree with . It 's sad , because I once liked her -LRB- when she was with Fugees -RRB- and I would have really liked her if she had just kept her negative opinions to herself . If Eminem were to have said `` if another black man buys my album I 'm quiting the business '' he would have been shot by now , but it 's okay for Lauryn to make that statement about whites ... thats sad . And to think we were making progress in the racism department ! *** I want to make a statement here , for I continue to get hate mail because of this review . I 'm sorry I 've offended anyone in my view here and I want to make it clear that I in no way want to opress black people . I understand , from some of the e-mails I 've recieved , that my statement about Miss Hill was false and if that is the case I apologize . I should have done my homework , yes , but I did not and just went off of something I had heard a few years back , something that my best friend at the time -LRB- who was black -RRB- had told me . I just wanted to apologize for hurting anyones feelings because that was not my intent . ***
 I do n't write a lot . All I can say , is since Siter Act 2 , I have admired Lauryn Hill . After I saw her talking with Cece Winans I was even more impressed with her . She has really done an awesome job and her music is so , not different , but different as in better .
 I APPRECIATE AND ADMIRE YOUR EFFORT FOR THIS ALBUM
 Lauryn Hill is right up there with the first ladies of soul and R&B , Mary J. Blige and Erikah Badu . With several well-deserved grammy nominations , she has earned the respect of the general public . When going to purchase the CD , I asked one of associates whether it was any good , and he said it was wonderful . When I ask anyone , they all say , `` I love Lauryn Hill '' . Any age , race , or background . Her vocal style , choice of music and arrangements are the most original I 've heard in a while . Whether the opening track , `` The Lost Ones '' , or the final track `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off of You '' , Lauryn shows us her versatility and creativity . A Definite must-have .
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is indeed something special . The messages she brings in her music is something everyone can relate to whether young or old . I love the album and hope she continues to bring positive messages in her furture albums .
 this album was long time coming . I enjoy the Fugees as a group ; however , Lauryn your music is very moving . The album is very soulful . It is the kind of music that is for everyone and will be an all-time favorite . I was surprised to see you as a guest on the Rosie O'donnell show . I know music is universal but , to be featured on her show and to have her boast that much about your album , you know that cd is hot . I really like the interludes with the kids . Very amusing and uplifting . The lyrics are to the point and very specific about relationships , feelings , and everything else going on with the youth . I 'm going to end this with just saying one word
 Lauryn seems to have come of own from this first solo album . Although many may not agree with Lauryn Hills views expressed on MTV , they all agree Lauryn Hill 's got soul . Hill 's voice seems to have gotten stronger with a wider vocabulary of vocal talents , the soulfull sweet chart topping remake of `` Your just to good to be true '' To the boppy `` That thing '' . Lauryn Hill is a voice to be reckoned with a women going places and definantly a name to look out for .
 Lauryn Hill is a blessing for those of us that love R & B with a touch of hip hop , yet she takes it to the next level and mixes it with the soulful and gritty sounds of the Motown era . Because of this I see her as a true , original , talent with a raw and powerful voice . Her CD is the best I 've come across in a real long time , my personal favorites are doo wop -LRB- that thing -RRB- , ex-factor , if it hurts so bad and ca n't take my eyes off of you -LRB- she gives this classic the right amount of soul -RRB- . In general , I love Lauryn Hill as a singer and I 'm hoping on her next CD she does reggae , she has a definite flair for that as well .
 When I heard the CD it gave me chill bumps !! I bought it because I liked her originality not knowing that she had poured her mind , body and entire soul into this CD . I ca n't wait for the next one to drop !! God has truly blessed this child !!!
 I do n't have the words to describe the many ways this record makes me feel . Listening to Lauryn 's ode to her son on `` Zion '' just makes me want to cry , whereas other tracks on the CD make me want to shake that thang ! The classroom interludes between the tracks are also interesting , and fit in well with the concept.I would not compare a record to Tracy Chapman 's debut effort lightly -LRB- I think that record is one of the top five records ever released by a black female artist -RRB- , but with this stunning release , Lauryn has clearly established herself as a force to be reckoned with.True greatness . That 's what this CD is .
 This album takes you on a journey that either you have experienced or experiencing . Listening to this album allows one to go inside themselves and experience the emotions that Lauryn Hill is expressing . From the gut gripping lyrics of Ex-factor , something a lot of people can say they have experienced , to the upbeat tempo of Every Ghetto , Every City this album is well delivered . Ms. Hill does a wonderful job with the musical compilations on the songs , especially To Zion , in which she expresses a love that nobody can hinder or take away from her . When I listen to this album , I go through all the different emotions and at the end I feel at peace inside , to finally listen to something that is not laced with much profanity and little knowledge . Every track on the album is superb , and Lauryn 's singing is SUPERB.HEY LAURYN , I AM READY FOR THE SECOND COMING .
 I BOUGHT IT WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT ONLY KNOWING ONE SONG BUT I 'M GLAD I BOUGHT IT BECAUSE IT 'S DA BOMB-ASS CD .
 I liked this album because it really was talking to you , you can actually feel the music talking to you . When I first listened to this album I wanted to cry , that just goes to show how much this album meant to me . It was the best !
 This was the best album I 've heard in a long time . What I really like about her is her versatility from rapping to singing . I predict in the next millennium that she will continue to blow up the charts , unlike others . I think she will be hear for a long time . Lauryn keep up the good work and congradulations on your new baby !
 This album is incredible . It does n't get any better . The creativity , the originality , the emotion , the message . the woman . Lauryn Hill is the most gifted artist I 've heard in a long time -- and I 'm talking the whole package , not one particular trait . This album is a must have for your collection
 every track makes me wan na shake it
 WELL I `` M NOT MAD AT YA FOR SINGING ABOUT THE BROTHERS AND THE SISTERS -LRB- PARDON THE PUN THE THANG !!! DOES N'T DISCRIMINATE -RRB- WHO ARE ONLY ABOUT THAT THANG !!!! THAT THANG !!!! THAT THANG !!!! YOU !! GO !! GIRL !!!!!! STEPHANIE YVONNE LOFTON DENVER COLORADO ********
 You do n't have to be anything but a human with ears to feel the fire of Lauryn Hill . `` Lost Ones '' was incredible , as was `` Ex-Factor , '' `` Superstar '' , and '' ... Zion ''
 Lauryn 's distinct voice captures the heart as she sings about everyday situations that women experience.She 's the most realest woman of rap and the album is all that!She definately deserves 5 stars !
 I am a very conscious minded sister and when L-Boogie dropped the lyrics for `` That Thing , '' to me she just put it all on point for my brothers and sisters -LRB- black , green or white -RRB- . I do n't have any kids , but `` To Zion '' deeply touched my heart , as well as , many of the other tracks on the CD . The sister is undoubtley the BOMB in keeping it real and putting it all in perspective . I must give a big THANK YOU to Lauryn for satisfing my hunger for the knowledge , wisdom and talent she projected on this album . Because of her I have learned to `` define my own destiny . '' But the last track -LRB- # 16 -RRB- is ultimatley my favorite . Peace and Blessings Lauryn to you and yours .
 After listening to the Miseducation of Lauryn Hill , I understand why it was so highly anticipated ! She has one of the most mature , and soulful voices R&B has had in a long time . The lyrics are thoughtful , intelligent and heartfelt . As a songwriter , she goes from hip-hop to soul , to spiritual without missing a beat . While a lot of attention has been paid to tracks like `` To Zion '' and `` Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- , '' I enjoyed the two hidden tracks , including her cover of `` Ca n't Take My Eyes Off You , '' the most , because she showcases her great ability to interpret a song , a la `` Killing Me Softly . '' Hopefully , Lauryn Hill will be recognized and rewarded for her incredible work on this album , and that other artists will follow suit and put more of the `` soul '' back into soul music .
 I LOVED THIS CD.listening to Lauryns words were almost as thought one could feel that she was heavy with birth , and the outcome was a masterful play of words interwoven with love and a soul-filled voice . she is as much a prodigy as she is a beauty , and a mother.i loved it .
 Lauryn Hill is one of my most esteemed role models . As a young black female , I find her persistence and dedication to not just her music , but life in general awe-inspiring and inspirational .
 I bought this cd the first day that it was released based solely on the fact that she was able to update that old Roberta Flack jam and make it come alive . This young women is singing from her experience . it 's amazing how deep she can reach and be so young . Each song hits home especially `` TO ZION '' . I am a child of 70 's disco -LRB- underground not radio -RRB- and there were some artists and writers who truly mastered the art form . Lauren Hill is a master of 90 's hip-hop . She still is humble in her manner but her art transcends . Being a church musician myself , classical and gospel , it is truly amazing to see someone perfom from the soul . Whether you want to believe it or not her music is a message from God . Only those of true spiritual connection can deliver music of this quality .
 Lauryn Hill has entered elite musical company by being one of a handful of artists to produce a `` classic '' album . `` Miseducation ... '' is one of the finest compilations of songs I 've heard in ages . In each song Lauryn showcases her abilty to , not just sing , but EMOTE , every nuance and phrase . Not a day goes by that I do n't hit `` track 4 '' in my car , and get my daily L-Boogie fix !!! Being a new mom , listening to `` To Zion '' for the first time , nearly brought tears to my eyes ; while `` Ex-factor '' is one of the most soulful interpretations of love-gone-wrong in R&B history .
 I found myself desiring to review this album for the handful of naysayers.I am not a fan of Hip-Hop . Generally , speaking I find it one-dimensional with individuals comprised of little beyond the gift of rhyme . Anytime Hip-Hop offers a product with actual musicians , I am encouraged . But , Lauryn Hill has actually provided a project that offers more than your typically bland Hip-Hop album . I find it interesting that this testosterone-filled genre ' has been taken to a higher plane by the hand of a woman far more mature than her years would suggest . The singing , melodies , and harmonies are pleasant when juxtaposed amongst a diversification of music showing influences from gospel , Hip-Hop , R&B , Reggae . Lauryn has taken us to what she has seen , where she is from , and I appreciate the ride.I look forward to what will come next from the urban influences . I look to the Hill s , Badu s , the Sade s , and the Hepcat s. I wait for the next perfection of the fusion of Hip-Hop with jazz . I look forward to Wyclef Jean to create something genuine and re-embrace his musical talent . The music industry is changing for the worst with consolidation , and a nuclear explosion of musical originality will transcend the major label powers . I hope Ms. Hill has made the peers in her court stronger .
 lauryn is an amazing woman in our world today she is talented and a power house ! I highly recomend buying her cd It is the most amazing cd !! and belive me you will NOT return this cd !!!!
 This is the best cd in the world . You just ca n't hate this cd . She has the talent to sing . The beauty of hers is the best . I give her 100 stars of 5 .
 I LOVE THIS LADY SO MUCH ! SHE IS THE BEST ARTIST ON THIS PLANET AND I CANT WAIT UNTIL WE GET TO MEET AND CONVERSATE ONE DAY . SHE IS THE MOST COOLEST AND DOWN TO EARTH PERSON EVER !
 I read a few of the reviews for this CD , and I was angered by the fact that most of the people who gave this CD 1 star are white and jealous of the fact that she one so many Grammys . Why is that ? It 's about time someone else got recognized for African American talent besides WILL SMITH who has no rapping abilities at all , but is accepted by America as a great rapper . Free your mind , and the rest will follow !
 From having a son to becoming famous to her spiritual side , Lauryn Hill unfolds her life in this album . It 's inventive , catchy and very sexy . You 'll feel like you know her after listening , and you 'll set your CD player to `` repeat '' .
 Lauryn Hill must surely be one of our time 's most talented music artists . The music she creates is purely divine and rhytmic . Often , many CD : s can be worn out and boring after a few times of listening . This is the opposite . The music grows everytime you 'll listen to it . So , order it , sit back and enjoy ! This is both stunning and amazing !
 Lauryn has really out done herself coming fresh off her career as a `` fugee '' she is now a solo artist and possibly one of the best in r & b her cd shows all her strengths and weaknesses and expresses life to a point that most anybody could relate Her music is deep and lets you into a part of her It deserved every grammy nommination it got This Cd is a must have with many hits already being noticed ... like Doo Woop that thing and Exfactor and more Lauryn is truely a very talented and original song writer and singer ... * ~ Stephanie ~ *
 Bought the cd in December and did nothing but listen to it.She is the most passionate person when it comes to her music.She uses many interesting and contrasting sounds to give her music a unique edge . My personel opinion : Absolutely brilliant !
 I think it is going far in her company and she will get a whole lot of record deals and every one in Mississipi congratulate her on her performances and I would give her 10 stars if I had to . I wish she can come to Meridian , Miss and do some of her songs . I especially love Exfactor that is the jam . She got a whole lot of them , But , I just need to listen to her songs -LRB- all of them -RRB- .
 Yo , too many people took this album to the heart . Some think she 's a racist , therefore say her album is wack . Other 's say the music is all remade , therefore she 's wack . Y' all forgetting that this has nothing to do with your own personal feelings . Lauryn 's album is something to praise . She talks about herself and society . Her multitalentism is shown as she sings as raps . Do n't hate on the woman 's album because you expected more . Lastly , DO NOT listen to the Grammy 's for good music . Granted they did pick a marvelous album this time . Give credit to the woman because she earned it . Her album is the best of 98 , and maybe even 99 .
 This cd is awesome . Lauryn Hill solo album is one of the best cd of the year . I 've already added to my collection and you should all do the same ! Ca n't Take my eyes off of you , and to zion are the best as well as doo wop -LRB- that thing -RRB- and Ex-Factor
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is an exquisit piece of art , not only for adults but for teens as well ! The song I like the best is the wonderful , Doo Wop -LRB- That Thing -RRB- , I think that this piece of music has inspired me the most of all the cd put together because the true fact that she is talking about 90 % of the men and women of America . We are all in blame of doing somthing other than what God wants us to do . Be smart Lauryn Hill is for YOU !!
 She has a beautiful voice and she knows how to use it . She sings about issues and we should take the time and listen to them all . It is the best album I had in years . It 's smart , fresh , and very appealing . It 's the most original , most inventive album there is . I give it `` two entusiastic thumbs up , way up ! '' The miseducation of Lauryn Hill has something for everyone ! I recomend it to anyone that loves REAL music .
 The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is the best album I 've bought in a long time . Her songs are packed with emotion and that 's what draws the music to a more personal level . Ex - Factor and To Zion were my most favorite . It takes courage to do what is right and to think with your heart and Lauryn does a wonderful job of portraying this in her inspiring music . I also thought that the snippets at the end of each song with the high school class added to the emotion and realism of her music .
 Lauryn Hill is one of the most intelligent and talented artists . She wrote this album from the heart , and not only her heart but the heart of others . I feel every line in every song . To me Lauryn Hill is a genius , and I thank her for creating this album . The album shows feelings , not only feelings it shows spirit and soul . This will be perhaps my favorite album of all times . -LRB- Until she does another one ! -RRB-
 This is one great Cd !!! I am not a great fan of hip hop , but the songs really do sound better than any hip-hop I have heard . YOU GO GIRL !!!
 i think in any kind of music her voice is so wonderful to listen to it wouldnt matter if the tunes were ugly or not .
 This cd displays Lauryn Hill 's intelligence and talent to make beautiful music . This cd has helped me through some hard times and it has given me new hope . I can liston to it a 100 times and I do n't get bored . It 's a good balance between mellow songs -LRB- like Ex-factor -RRB- and upbeat ones -LRB- like Doo Wop -RRB- . Lauryn Hill has found the right ballance between appealing to a persons mind and their emotions . Every song on this album could be released as a single , in my opinion . I recommend this album to everybody .
 When we first heard your songs , we loved them right there.They -LRB- Zion , and Ex-Factor -RRB- really were telling how our life was going!My sister had a boyfriend that would get her hurt , and me in big trouble.Sometimes I have to choose between my sister , and my momma.Well , your cd really told me that not only am I have them problems but everyone has problems where they have to choose between people and everyone has gotten hurt be a boy , or 4 a boy.THANK YA 4 MAKING THAT CD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It also showed me to not give up on my self because you will always get there if you try your best and put your mind to it.I 'M VERY HAPPY SHE WON THE GRAMMY !!!!!!!!!!!!
 The album is very personal to me , i can deeply relate to lAURYNS PAST PRESENT AND FUTURE .
 I truly believe Lauryn Hill deserved all of the awards she recieved . Anyone who disagrees is crazy . I find it very interesting that she believes in God and is not embarrassed by her religion . Alot of stars are afraid of their beliefs . Lauryn Hill deserves everything that is coming to her !!
 THIS IS TO YOU L-BOOGY FROM YOUR NUMBER ONE FAN . YOU THIS DEBUT ALBUM OF YOURS IS THE BOMB . WHEN I FINALLY GOT YOUR CD , I COULD N'T TURN IT OFF . WHEN I WOKE UP I PUT IT ON , AND WHEN I WENT TO SLEEP IT WAS ON . YO THE JOINT WITH D'ANGELO WAS BUTTER.I JUST GIVE YOU BLESSINGS TO YOU AND YOUR NEW SON , ZION .
 Lauren Hill is great . One of the best cd 's I 've listened to in a while . Her charcter is outstanding too . I thought what she said at the Grammy 's was wonderful . Not since U2 has a musical act been this great .
 This album is emotionally packed with feelings that almost anyone can identify with . This is real life . The tracks are very well put together and the maximize the effect that Lauryn was trying to convey with her words . All real !!
 Dru Hill , Missy Elliot , Monica , and any other rap or hip-hopartist can not even attempt to compare to the awesome LaurynHill . Mixing spiritual , hip-hop , reggae , and pop , Lauryn Hill is the best thing that ever happened to hip-hop music . Her lyrics are really worth listening to , not like other rappers who just talk about nothing !
 This cd has such a clever mix of all music styles its hard not to love it . If your a hard rock country fan or a christian music fan you will love this cd !
